a few years ago we started looking at
what we termed the akhira effect we
probably know there Kia furniture and
one of the things about the Kia
furniture is that the instructions are
just not that good when I assembled my
first piece I assembled lots of things
in the wrong way it took me a very long
time it was rather frustrating but what
I realized afterward that I had special
fondness for the piece of furniture that
I created with so much so much effort in
so much they kept on carrying with me as
I was moving around the country place to
place it wasn't the quality of the
furniture it was that we had an evening
together we had the relationship and we
did all kinds of experiments on this and
we found out that when we invest some of
ourselves into something we start liking
that thing even more so we create a
clear furniture we like it more when we
create food we like it more when we you
know set up our stereo or make a garden
or whatever it is every time we create
something some form ourselves it's part
of it in that creates increased
increased liking for it so if you think
about the icky F do you think about this
idea that as we create things we start
loving them more there's a question of
how do you utilize that how do you get
people to feel that something that we're
creating is more is more there's one
great example for this is the open
source community in the open source
community what people do is your name is
connected to something that you wrote if
you wrote a piece of code your name is
connected to it and will always be
connected to it so it's yours if you
think about all kinds of ways in which
in the work place we could get people to
feel that something is theirs in a
unique way and therefore they will feel
more more connected to it we could get
people to to sign something we can get
people to have their name and froid we
can give people credit for things that
they do the moment we assign something
to somebody and say this is you this is
your group this is your contribution we
get people to be much more much more
excited which is again everybody
benefits
