mornings can be rough I personally get
no regular sleep from all the partying I
do every night so when the alarm would
go off in the morning I'd be super
groggy practically paralyzed with the
thoughts of my mortality and the
futility of my own existence
I would keep hitting the snooze and
contemplates staying in bed until I died
then I'd remember about coffee and get
out of bed but the sleep cycle app
monitors my sleep and sets off the alarm
when I'm in a light sleep state making
mornings a lot easier one reason you may
be tired in the morning is because the
alarm interrupts an REM sleep cycle the
average person goes through four to five
REM cycles a night and getting woken
during one totally sucks the sleep cycle
app tracks your sleep patterns via
movement or sound and wakes you when
you're coming out of a cycle you can set
your wake up window to up to ninety
minutes I set mine for a 30-minute
window between 5:00 and 5:30 a.m. yeah
that's right
I get up at 5:30 every morning I'm a
smart youngish man with plenty of great
business ideas so I get up early to work
on them I've been using this app for a
few months and notice results right away
instead of starting my morning terrified
I wake up more naturally and it takes a
few seconds before those negative
thoughts of who I am and what I've
become settle in the sleep cycle app has
made my mornings much easier I'm less
tired I'm in a better ish mood and when
I'm at work
I get so much more done
you
