all of those things combined give me
here's what I know Donald Trump is a
phony a fraud his promises are as
worthless as a degree from Trump
University now I'm far from the first to
conclude that Donald Trump lacks the
temperament to be President
after all this is an individual who
mocked a disabled reporter who
attributed a reporter's questions to her
menstrual cycle who mocked a brilliant
rival who happened to be a woman
due to her appearance who bragged about
his marital affairs and who laces his
public speeches with vulgarity Donald
Trump says he admires Vladimir Putin at
the same time he's called George W Bush
a liar that is a twisted example of evil
trumping good
we don't even know if Mitt Romney voted
for Donald Trump
he put Evan McMullen up in Utah and so I
think there are concerns that those of
us who are loyal have and you want
somebody you want to Secretary of State
who's loyal to the president Ohio to the
president's vision of the world I know
that myself he did something I try to do
and was unsuccessful in you want the
generally and and he continues with a
message of inclusion bringing people
together and this vision is something
which obviously connected with the
American people in a very powerful way
all of those things combined give me
increasing hopefully present like
promise
