look I know there's some bad ones in
here but this is the last time I'm doing
this so we're not leaving any room for
leftovers of course Thanksgiving is a
family holiday as much as a national one
so for the past seven years I've
established another tradition
embarrassing my daughter's with a
cornucopia of dad jokes about Turkey's
Malia and Sasha by the way are thankful
that this is my final presidential
turkey pardon what I haven't told them
yet is that we are going to do this
every year from now on no cameras just
us every year no way I'm cutting this
habit cold turkey and it is my great
privilege well it's my privilege
actually let's just say it's my job to
grant them clemency this afternoon as I
do I want to take a moment to recognize
the brave turkeys who weren't so lucky
who didn't get to ride the gravy train
to freedom who met their faith with
courage and sacrifice and proved that
they weren't chicken
ah it's not that bad now come on so
later today the Obama family will
participate in our traditional
Thanksgiving service project and when
somebody at your table tells you that
you've been hogging all the side dishes
and you can't have any more I hope that
you respond with a creed that sums up
the spirit of a hungry people yes we
cran that was good you don't think
that's funny
look I know there's some bad ones in
here but this is the last time I'm doing
this so we're not leaving any room for
leftovers and so let's get on with the
pardoning because it's Wednesday
afternoon and everyone knows that
Thanksgiving traffic and put people in a
foul mood
that I hereby pardon you from the
Thanksgiving table and we hope that you
have a wonderful time and gobblers rest
alright congratulations
