the reason why they landed on Cape Cod
was that they were running out of beer
and William Bradford wrote about it they
were very very anxious because the
voyage across the Atlantic had taken
longer than they thought it would and
they were running out of beer and
Captain Jones the captain of the
Mayflower was very worried because he
knew he had to get his crew back to
England and that was going to take X
amount of beer and he was already almost
at that point now in the end the
Mayflower didn't get back to England
until the next spring but they had to
drink a lot of beer but their ration was
a gallon a day for each man and woman
and some children and it was point six
Bureau was real beer because they
couldn't drink the water so it wasn't
they didn't just drink the beer to get
drunk they drunk the beer when they were
thirsty beer was safe to drink water in
those days was not safe to drink
