well I started six companies in the
technology space every company was based
on some idea that I felt was going to
change the world and in each one of
these six times in my life over the last
25 years I was right in general I would
say that people who start companies are
people who just can't live without
starting companies if you think that
it's an option in your life don't start
a company it has to be the only option
in your life it has to be something that
you just can't leave without doing now
in terms of how to turn an idea into a
business I think that the most obvious
thing is to say what I write a business
plan i see i see investors i erase the
money but i would say the most important
aspect of turning an idea into a
business you just can't stand the world
without that idea we implemented
