so in deboning a chicken I'm gonna use
our boning knife or a butcher knife it's
got a nice flexible blade like this they
can really get around those bones and
joints so I've got my chicken here and
the way I'm gonna start is having the
cavity face me what we're gonna do is
we're gonna take our knife and just cut
off our legs first so we've got our side
there our drumstick and our thigh we're
gonna take those off so what I'm just
going to do is I'm actually going to cut
through that skin just a cut on either
side like that and what I can actually
do is just let the weight of the chicken
kind of separate that for me you really
want to minimize the amount of bone that
you have to cut through that's why
knowing these muscles and where those
lie is kind of helpful what we're gonna
do now is just take and pop those two
joints out again so that I don't have to
put my knife through those cuts and
again just letting the chicken kind of
hang letting the gravity kind of go
through like that I've got my one
chicken there or my one leg there and
then my other leg what we can do now is
we can take and separate these into a
drumstick and a thigh and you can see
where that joint is we're just going to
take and cut right through that joint
and I'm actually not cutting through the
bone what you're looking for is to cut
through those things that the tendons
that are attaching those bones together
and just kind of hit that perfectly in
the middle what I'm gonna do now is I'm
just gonna take off a little bit of that
backbone and all the pieces that I'm
taking off can be saved if I want to
make stock so now I have my chicken I'm
gonna face it where that cavity was away
from me now and what we're gonna do is
I'm just going to take and do two cuts
down on either side of that keel bone or
the breast bone so your knife will
naturally go to one side of that so now
that I know that my bone is on this side
I'm just gonna take it back and do the
other cut on the other side and now from
this I've exposed that bone what I'm
just gonna do is start to pare away that
breast so actually turn my knife upside
down and just using the tip of my knife
go in
and just separate it from that ribcage
and then again at the bottom I've got
I'll do it I'll show you on the other
side but I'm just gonna go through right
where that joint hits and then I've got
my wing attached to my breast like this
and then what we're just going to do is
we'll separate that wing off like that
and then I've got my breast and wing and
then we'll do the same to the other side
so just taking it down like this and
just using again the tip of your knife
separating that off going through I've
got the rest of my carcass for my
chicken stock and then what we're going
to just do is separate that wing off
there's my other wing and there's my
other breast so this is a chicken
separated into eight pieces
