I came from a family that with a lot of
love but and but my mum was determined
that we stood on her own two feet and so
from a very young age maybe five or six
she would you know pushed me out of the
car and told me to make my own way to
grandmother's house which was maybe
three miles away and and that's the kind
of you know nowadays people would say
foolish things she did but it did help
help us stand on our own two feet and
you know she was incredibly supportive
lots of love
but every opportunity she had she would
yeah push us to the limits I think she
was in a very adventurous person herself
I mean she my mother was was one of the
first air hostesses on on a jet airliner
just after the Second World War where
they have to put oxygen masks on you
know when they went about ten thousand
feet and so on so you know she she was a
glider pilot you know she parachuted she
so she did she did quite a lot of
adventurous things herself and I think
she sort of expected it of her son so I
had a lot to live up to I think very
well I mean she she she loves adventure
herself so she so lived lived you know
in the last few years of her life and
she's lived her life through myself and
and anything I do she comes along
she's now 93 she's still you know we
just did a you know I mean a 1500 mile
bike ride from north of Italy to south
of Italy and and you know she she drove
drove with the grandkids
following us and so it's great that she
can shoot my mother's able to
participate in these things
