I happen to know the guys that were the
team responsible for the next ROM I knew
I had an option I knew the team and I
knew that I could get it in there then
it was just a matter of well what would
I do
it was mostly driven at first just
simply because I hated the original town
so much it was a found that came out in
the Mac to the infamous tritone sound I
just wanted to get rid of it because I
thought it was just horrible I had an
agreement with the people responsible
for the ROM who put it in late to avoid
a lot of arguments basically it was the
not ask for permission but apologize I
was basically the strategy so we got it
in and at that point we basically said
we can't take it out it's too big of a
risk because near the end of a project
you can't be changing software my
supporters were high enough up in the
management team to let it go but there
were some people that just want her to
argue that point you can't change it as
one of the arguments I said I'm like how
come I can't change it from something
horrible to something good I knew when I
got it done that that would be
substantial that would be something that
could last it actually worked out a lot
better than I expected but I was pretty
insistent that it was good and leave it
alone I understand the new Macs don't
really boot up in that sense and so it's
not this longer wait like it used to be
but there is something missing now it
used to be this welcoming experience to
your Macintosh the Macintosh wasn't just
a PC or some other computer it wasn't
just the utility it was an experience
you
