I don't give a damn what the president
United States wants to do or anybody
else wants to do we will not water board
there's no judge in America that
wouldn't say they're in violation of the
law because it's specifically in law now
prohibited so I don't give a damn what
the president United States wants to do
or anybody else wants to do we will not
waterboard we we're not purchase if you
inflict enough pain on somebody long
enough they're going to tell you
whatever they think you want to hear to
get to Gavin stop and don't tell me it
doesn't work towards your works okay
folks don't you know I have these guys
torture doesn't work believe me it works
okay and waterboarding is your minor
form some people say it's not actually
torture let's assume it is but they ask
me the question what do you think oh
what a pudding absolutely fine but we
should go much stronger than
waterboarding that's the way I feel
they're chopping off heads believe me we
should go much stronger
well I have great respect for Senator
McCain and what I can tell you is it
going forward as he outlined in that
famous speech in Ohio that a president
donald trump is going to focus on
confronting and defeating radical
Islamic terrorism as a threat to this
country and and we're going to have a
president again who will never say what
will never do
