I do think that the youngest child can
feel particularly driven to prove his
worthiness to the parents and to the
world which can lead to a kind of
ambition on the other hand in just the
opposite way it can lead to a kind of
apathy I'm not going to try because the
competition for the parents attention is
just too fierce the latest research in
the development of self-esteem places
the critical period in the first two
years of life and it's rooted in face to
face joyful engagement with the primary
caretaker caregiver your mother usually
firstborns get a lot of this right
because they're the sole object of their
mother's attention so you can imagine
that first Born's tend to have higher
levels of self esteem and tend to be
more successful in life as a result you
can imagine as time goes on as there are
more children in the family the parents
have less time to engage in that kind of
you know face to face joyful interaction
and especially in large families some of
the the kids get lost and spend the rest
of their lives feeling lost like
searching for a sense of meaning and
purpose in their lives
