you know I think what's exciting today
when I when I started off in business 50
years ago they were in England there
were two of us there was a female
entrepreneur and eat erotic who set up a
company called body shop and there was
myself so there was no other
entrepreneurs that was it you know all
the companies were run by governments
British Gas British steel British coal
british airways etc and now there are
tens of thousands of entrepreneurs if
not hundreds of thousands of
entrepreneurs and and each of those
entrepreneurs are making you know a
positive difference to other people's
lives in different sectors so it's a
tremendously exciting time for people to
be alive and you know at a time here in
America where people are worried about
the government that's going to govern
them I think fortunately entrepreneurs
can do a lot of you know the
compensating work I mean if the
government decide that climate change
doesn't exist which is extremely bizarre
if there was really the case then we as
entrepreneurs just got to get in there
and and fill the gap and and create
hundreds of thousands of jobs and make
sure that you know we do get to a
carbon-neutral world by 2050 and so I
think you know if when government is
lacking then entrepreneurs eaters step
into the breach
