Islam is a political ideology based on a
religion so this is a political system
that we are facing and we must defeat
this political system
when you are facing an adversary which I
have faced these guys and also other
adversaries of our country you cannot
sit there and go geez I don't know who
you know I wonder who these guys are
sort of pull in your thumbs you can't
sit there and say I can't clearly define
this enemy because when you cannot
clearly define the threats that you're
facing you then can't cannot develop a a
strategy to in actually you know to
defeat it so you must clearly precisely
and thoughtfully define the enemy that
you are facing that we are facing we are
in a war it's a war declared by our
enemy and our government does not allow
those in government to be able to
clearly define what it is that we're
facing radical Islamists and radical
Islamism you know isms that we faced
over the last 75 years you know Nazism
fascism communism you know that now it's
radical Islamism it is a cancerous
barbaric vicious form of element with
inside of the Islamic system Islam is a
political ideology based on a religion
so this is a political system that we
are facing and we must defeat this
political system that the cancerous form
of this political system which is this
radical Islam
