recent events have definitely pushed the
team to really reassess our beliefs
around what is appropriate both you know
on tinder and off tender anyone who uses
locker room talk would get kicked off
tender it's unacceptable in the real
world it's unacceptable and tender if it
happens on tinder you will be banned
what we've done is we're now able to
parse through reports and quickly
identify harassment tinder is about
quality connections it's a community
where you know we want people to make
whatever they want out of the
connections we don't want to tell you
what comes next it could be a
relationship a marriage a friendship we
want you to develop whatever connection
you want on tinder however you have to
be appropriate that is that is not an
option so then I'm gonna ask what Donald
Trump get kicked off tinder oh my gosh
you
