hey guys it's Marisa and Nick this is a
whole bunch of tacos quesadillas
burritos even desserts all for a dollar
I'm very excited to say I've actually
just started eating Taco Bell recently I
am a Taco Bell baby like a burrito but
smaller I don't see how a sauce is
considered a layer it's a dollar right
I've had the Taco Bell nachos before and
I like them like they have sour cream
they have a lettuce and tomato and they
do taste good I would buy them off the
menu this does not really compare
but this is like standard Taco Bell this
is what you get it's not about
presentation it's just about what it
tastes like
I'm really happy with the okay the
flavors are fine like it tastes fine but
again for me it's a texture thing like
it's very mushy this is pretty good it's
like substantial in that you have the
rice and the piece they have the cheese
and a little bit of crunch from the
frito
it's good basically a carb taco I don't
know if I would pay a dollar for this
unless the potatoes are ball the
potatoes for me off like the texture of
it I mean it would be good if there is
meat in it I'd still eat it I'm gonna
eat it
I think it in Clayton they you know or
like he's like I know this is not crazy
baby like
this is really sad like I feel like it's
mostly torture I think it's a joke I
think it's all tortilla either there's
cheese inside of this this is just
respectful that you would sell something
like this tortilla I don't understand
like how you would you drive through and
you're like really good the saddest
thing
I feel like apple pie yeah is it weird
that I like it yeah it is good
but not dense enough for me
I think I'm chewing here
this is good we just finished eating all
of this dollar menu Taco Bell items when
I look at it it's like looking back into
a really embarrassing moment in your
past it's really cool that Taco Bell's
in this dollar menu thing cuz it's
really great for college students or
like if you just want a dollar menu item
those are our final thoughts honestly
we're tired
