in the liberal community you hit you
hate this idea of creating people as a
monolith but everybody who voted for
Trump is a monolith is a racist that
hypocrisy is also real
but there is now this idea that anyone
who voted for him is has to be defined
by the worst of his rhetoric like there
are guys in my net were like that I love
that I respect that I think have
incredible qualities who are not afraid
of Mexicans and not afraid of Muslims
and not afraid of blacks they're afraid
of their insurance premiums in the
liberal community you hit you hate this
idea of creating people as a monolith
don't look at Muslims as a monolith they
are the individuals and it would be
ignorant but everybody who voted for
Trump is a monolith is a racist that
hypocrisy is also real in our country
you
