having to do with abortion what it if it
ever were overturned it would go back to
the states believe in punishment for
abortion yes or no as a principle the
answer is that there has to be some form
of punishment
for the woman yeah that's do take
positions and everything else it's a
very complicated position in the ninth
month you can take the baby and rip the
baby out of the womb of the mother just
prior to the birth of the baby now you
can say that that's okay and Hillary can
say that that's okay but it's not okay
with me
are you looking to appointed justice who
wants to overturn roe v-- wade having to
do with abortion what did if it ever
were overturned it would go back to the
states so and that go back to the south
and won't be able to get in the borough
it'll go back to the state by state no
son well perhaps you have to go to I
have to go to another state that's okay
well we'll see what happens it's got a
long way to go
