this is the biggest sneaker saw on the
planet this weekend sneaker con started
in 2009 we only had 600 people show up
and this weekend in 2016 we're at the
Javits Center and we're going to
actually have 20,000 people show up this
weekend everyone walking in the door
they're either buying they're selling
they're looking to trade this is
actually a venue for these people for
like-minded sneakerheads to kind of
gather hang out with each other we have
over a hundred thousand pairs of
sneakers under one roof
I'm just trying to make a profit if I
break even I'll break even
I'll probably buy more Steve who's my
favorite sneaker the Concord 11 those
right there
those are mine that's my favorite
sneaker from the outside people are like
all this for sneakers I guess it's more
than just sneakers just kind of a
culture in that nice detailed pair of
here
go for around two thousand hundred to
$1,400 you know retail on it is actually
two hundred so here we have a shoe that
actually did get auctioned off on eBay
it is the Jordan for Slim Shady Marshall
mappers this year was I believe they
were auctioned off for anywhere from
eighteen to twenty thousand dollars I
mean we're just channel you know like I
like I got shoes I don't wear anymore so
I'm just like you know trying to sell
them and see like you know get like get
a bit of cash and you know trying to buy
some other shoes you know
