don't Peron yawn and caviar at 40,000
feet
travel bloggers Sam Wong cashed in his
Alaska Airlines frequent flyer miles in
exchange for a $60,000 trip around the
world and only paid $300 out-of-pocket
how he booked the journey is one long
flight with multiple layover business
insider confirmed the bookings were
legit the trip spanned 11 cities seven
countries and four continents
all in an Emirates first class suite he
started in Melbourne where he was
escorted to the jet through a private
entrance the Suites are covered in bling
with gold trimmings lining everything
from the TV to the air duct there's also
an automatic bar Huang was immediately
handed a glass of 2004 Dom Perignon
every meal was served on fine china like
this five-course feast
paired with a 2001 Chateau guru lola
rose
huang says the best part of the suite
was the automatic doors and don't forget
the Hennessy Paradis cognac which
retails for $700 a bottle the crown
jewel was the shower spa the room is
pretty big for an airplane complete with
heated floors and an LCD screen after
showering Huang was handed a box of
Godiva chocolates and another cognac
when he got tired he'd sleep on the
fully reclining bed but not before
pressing a button to close the blinds
sweet dreams
