I'm a member of the global Commission on
drugs it has 15 ex presidents it has you
know people like Kofi Annan and the ex
secretary-general of the United Nations
I'm the only business person on it we've
studied the war on drugs in great depth
we've done scientific scientific studies
and we are with one voice convinced that
the war on drugs has been an abject
failure it should have been closed down
49 years ago and that drugs should be
treated as a health problem not a
criminal problem and that the best way
of actually dealing with with with drug
the drug issue is to regulate regulate
drugs tax drugs warn people of the
dangers of drugs and so the Commission
welcomes experimentation we welcome
California legalizing marijuana we
welcome other states legalizing medical
marijuana
we welcome countries decriminalizing and
so I think things are going in the right
direction the the tax that will come
from these moves can be put into you
know drug rehabilitation centers alcohol
rehabilitation centers for you know that
there's small percentage of people that
actually overdo it for the vast majority
people you know they they will you know
look after their bodies in a responsible
way
