you
well I'm kind of proud of the markets
for doing that for two reasons one is
that I think they learned the brexit
lesson that the markets first reaction
may not be the one that they should they
should follow I think back to the last
time we had kind of a political shock in
the u.s. back in 2011 we had that debt
ceiling debacle stocks fell sharply it
took them three months for to get all
the way back but those that sold
probably didn't get back in again it
with brexit it took three days for
markets after that dip to come back this
time you know three hours did it take
for stocks to come all the way back
they've learned that lesson that
panicking can really hurt them the
whipsaw of the market can really catch
them off guard and they didn't panic
that's one reason I'm proud the other
reason is that they stuck to their plan
they stuck to their asset allocation at
Schwab we did a survey both before and
right after the election yesterday we
asked investors at swamp how do you feel
are you going to make any changes to
your portfolio and more than two-thirds
of swamp client said no I feel good
about my portfolio how its position I
think it can weather the volatility
certainly some indicated that they might
make changes but most didn't that's a
good sign they were prepared for
potential volatility before it happened
