last one ready okay well I just had the
opportunity to have an excellent
conversation with president-elect Trump
it was wide-ranging we talked about some
of the organizational issues in setting
up a White House we talked about foreign
policy we talked about domestic policy
and as I said last night my number one
priority in the coming two months is to
try to facilitate a transition that
ensures our president-elect is
successful I have been very encouraged
by the I think interest in President
president-elect Trump's wanting to work
with my team around many of the issues
that this great country faces and I
believe that it is important for all of
us regardless of party and regardless of
political preferences to now come
together work together to deal with the
many challenges that we face and most of
all I want to emphasize to you mr.
president-elect that we now are going to
want to do everything we can to help you
succeed because if you succeed then the
country succeeds
well thank you very much
this was a meeting that was going to
last for maybe ten or fifteen minutes
and we were just gonna get to know each
other we had never met each other I have
great respect the meeting lasted for
almost an hour and a half and it could
have as far as I'm concerned it could
have gone on for a lot longer we really
we discussed a lot of different
situations some wonderful and some
difficulties I very much look forward to
dealing with the president in the future
including counsel he's explained some of
the difficulties some would be the
high-flying assets and some of the some
of the really great things that have
been achieved so mr. president was a
great honor being with you and I look
forward to being with you many many more
times
come on guys let's go very good man
