I know I've heard some rumors that and
some myths out there that you can
actually buy your ticket on Saturday and
Sunday that's cheapest absolutely not
there's tons of studies I've been
studying airfare data as a data
scientist for over 15 years and have
done dozens of different studies and
here's what actually happens about 1% of
all air fares that are filed and that's
millions and millions of air fares each
week are filed on the weekends so no
changes are happening on the weekends
they come in Monday morning they contact
their agency they get their landing
pages ready they do any radio they do
any media they prepare they prep up they
actually file the air fares to a p.m. on
Monday evening
there's actually four filings of air
fares a day domestically and at at 10:00
one 4:00 and 8:00 p.m. Eastern Time so
they file those air fares and then the
next morning at 10:00 a.m. all the other
airlines actually see those fares coming
in in that 10:00 a.m. feed on Tuesday
they all have a button that says please
match me they press the please match me
button that hits the reservation systems
at the one o'clock feed so the best time
to shop really is about an hour and a
half after that which is about 2:30 to
3:00 p.m. Eastern Time on Tuesdays also
two thirds of the time those sale fares
are only online for about three days so
it basically goes from Tuesday to
Thursday better to shop on Tuesday
afternoon because they also capacity
control the inventory on those cheap
seats and you don't want to actually see
that ticket then go home later that
night and try to negotiate with your
significant other and find out that the
seats are now going
you
