the night before a marathon pasta you've
got to have your carbs your complex
carbs big on pasta and I like to add
some protein in there as well actually
but it's cuz I'm from a farm in New
Zealand I could never miss a meal
without some meat that's just me but
pastas the most important in terms of
the amount of pasta I would go for
probably a good bowl like you can't
really have we're suppose you can't have
too much but more than that you a normal
amount like a really good a good amount
you want a carb load because you know
you're running a marathon it's gonna be
a long a long race and in terms of
tapping into energy stores you tap into
your carbs first okay so you've got to
have that the body's going to use the
carbs as the first energy source so in
order to not burn muscle to have that
energy you need the the carbs the night
after marathon I mean normally if you
would like to eat carbs again but hey
you're there to celebrate so eat what
you like you know you hopefully if that
last week you've taken it pretty easy in
terms of you you've chopped out like a
lot of sugary foods that you would
normally eat the alcohol and you're
hydrated so reward yourself after the
marathon you know it's time to take a
little break anyway five days off if
you're gonna go if you just love running
take five days off anyway so that your
body gets that rest and then you can
start getting back into the running and
then so eat what you like afterwards
