if you want to make people comfortable
so that they will open up to you and and
share themselves in their secrets you
first of all can't use any techniques
you have to be authentic and that means
you have to genuinely care you have to
be genuinely interested in other people
and you have to have a great capacity to
listen no you just want to be
authentic it also helps if you're humble
and vulnerable yourself there's nothing
like someone who's willing to reveal
things about themselves that might be
painful or difficult to make other
people safe in revealing the same kind
of things in return sharing something
about yourself that could prove very
damaging is a dangerous thing to do and
you have to be very careful for instance
if you were struggling with an addiction
you don't want to reveal things that are
vulnerable nura boleyn to somebody who
might use it against you somebody who's
hyper competitive in the workplace let's
say you might share with somebody wow
you know I was a little unhappy with my
job evaluations that I got today you
want to go have a drink so we can talk
about it that's the kind of thing you
know because everybody deals with those
blows to their self-esteem and when you
when you share them with other people
show that you're not destroyed by it but
want to share it with somebody else it
invites a similar kind of confidence
