if you workout and then you leave the
sweat on your skin you could increase
your chance of having acne you are
putting yourself at risk for infections
you can block the pores clogging up of
the hair follicles it's the moisture in
the heat which increases your jock itch
athlete's foot but I don't think it's a
good idea to go out with your friends or
sit at a meal there's bacteria on your
skin and when you sweat you're going to
encourage the growth of that bacteria I
think you need to go to the shower and
wash after your workout and wash your
clothing I mean I've seen people come in
and and they have acne and areas
underneath clothing and I say well do
you know do you wash your clothes every
time you go to the gym they're like yeah
well I just leave my clothes in the lock
no good you really do have to wash your
clothes and your skin after you workout
I'm asked sometimes is it necessary to
remove that sweat as they're working out
and I think that's really purely a
comfort thing I think as long as you
shower and wash your face after you work
out you're safe
