for anything in a professional context
even the content of the email as well as
the subject line you always want to
frame whatever you're asking in terms of
the value for them as opposed to the
value for you so I think you want to
kind of say how can I step into their
shoes and think about you know what is
something that would make them open an
email that would feel like something
that's a strong value proposition to
them it's also incredibly important to
be concise or just some type of intrigue
questions are great for that you really
want to think about writing it like you
would think about writing headlines same
thing if you had you know a blog post or
a big article that you really wanted
someone to open no caps is a no no I
think it's abrasive it's shouty
generally speaking I think you want to
avoid up
