I think the best time to buy your first
home is as early as you can get in it
don't wait for the right home on the
right block in the right town just do
the best you can and get your foot in
and the reason for that is real estate
prices always go up and down but most of
the time they're going up and you need
something to trade with if you want that
really beautiful house high up on the
hill you have 10 times more shot of
getting there eventually if you buy that
dirt-cheap studio in an upcoming
neighborhood that you get a quick game
on because you have a trading card then
you trade in for one bedroom and maybe
you trade that one bedroom for two
branches then you get that big house on
the hill when you're looking for a house
is a couple of smart things that I
always practice and I think it pertains
to everybody a one you want to shop the
listing market based on how long the
house has been on the market and shop
high so let's say that I think I could
afford a $250,000 home I would be
shopping for a 350 thousand dollar home
why it's something you could afford it
but I'd shop for the 350 thousand dollar
homes that have been on the market for
more than six months and you know every
home I bought up the feeding system or
whatever it's cool pecking order or you
know what I mean every single one I
found as a listing where somebody had
had it and then I put in a little bit
bam got it because what happens is
people put a house out of ego too high
and then they wait and decrease it by
little five $10,000 and by the time they
finally get to the real price they're
exhausted if you could nail them right
then right before they falter boom
you've got yourself a great deal the
other smart thing you should always bear
in mind there are high markets and low
markets in real estate so you want to
prepare for the war preparing for the
war is never buying the highest house
buy a house in the price point in that
town that the great majority of the
houses are in not the lowest not the
highest but the great majority you know
why in a bad market that's always where
you have the most customers where the
mainstay is so you don't want to be an
oddball in real estate you want to be in
the mainstay
