listen I voted for 30 party a lot of
times in my life and I know the feeling
it feels good when you walk out of the
booth you feel kind of you know pure and
you know self-satisfied satisfied and
it's almost like I was in the booth
pleasuring myself you know it's just
like yes saying I'm not voting for those
other two I'm voting for dr. Jill Stein
because it's the right thing to do and
it feels good but sometimes sometimes
you have to take your medicine sometimes
you have to sacrifice sometimes you
don't get to have your way sometimes
it's not all about you you should vote
your conscience I understand why if you
want to vote for a third party we need
more than two parties in this country
Canada has five political parties right
because they think they need five
parties to represent the broad spectrum
of political thought amongst 34 million
people we have 320 million people to
parties doesn't cut it we need three
four or five parties I'd like to work
toward a system like that we can't get
that done by tuesday
