these agreements have been reached
before after a long and painful
negotiations and they've been they
fallen apart before so the first
expectation should be nothing will
change because in the past nothing has
changed if for some reason they do reach
some sort of stable peace agreement and
I think we'll see some reduction of the
military assets on both sides you need
some pullback of the troops from the
border
the other big thing and we'll see is and
this could be the you know the real
change is much more back and forth open
travel between North Korean South Korea
ready there are limited abilities for
families in the South to visit families
in North but what would be really
dramatic is if anyone in the North could
visit the South which doesn't happen in
a legal sense right now what seem kind
of minor things allowing people to visit
each other would be a really a dramatic
change and and would change the whole
dynamic of the Korean Peninsula the
summit highlights that this is mainly a
North Korean South Korean thing but
Korea has always had Outsiders involved
in their internal politics and that's
not different here and so China in the
odd States both have their own interests
the United States interest I think is
pretty clear the United States wants
denuclearization they want with Korea to
give up their nuclear weapons completely
this may out of them is that they can't
restart it again China also wants
denuclearization so in theory everyone
wants the same thing but China also does
not want to see North Korea become too
far under the influence of South Korea
or the United States because North Korea
is a traditional ally of China and also
it's a it's a buffer state between South
Korea and the United States but other
than that tribe does actually want North
Korea to give up its nuclear weapons as
well since in a sense everyone sort of
has the same goal it's just China
doesn't have the same urgency as United
States does because North Korea's not
threatening China is threatening South
Korea in the United States when we talk
about changing the dynamic on the Korean
Peninsula so that South Korea North
Korea are more interconnected and become
closer to each other there I think China
doesn't fully support a complete
reconciliation they're happy to have
reduction in tensions but they're not
they're not happy to have North Korea
become too close to the other
it seems crazy to talk about given where
we were last year we were worried about
president Trump starting a nuclear war
we're yeah but I think that it's true
that if somehow North Korea was
normalized in this sense that say they
gave up their nuclear weapons in a
verifiable ways that the u.s. is
satisfied and they reached a peace
arrangement where they normalize
relations in South Korea those two steps
would be a massive change in
international ations
changing the dynamic in Northeast Asia
that's worthy of a Nobel Peace Prize
then the only question is who deserves
the credit and if it works out it'll be
everyone it'll be trying to the United
States it'll be North Korea South Korea
most of all and it would be remarkable
if it did the history tells us that it
won't happen
