my name is Zach zarba and I'm a 15 year
MBA referee flopping was it was a major
concern of years back and they actually
invoked a flopping fine where they would
find players who they thought were
incessantly flopping the flop is you
know it's part of the game I think as a
referee you never want to fall for a
flop but you know the more you do this
we're not perfect you know the more
games you have under your belt that you
know inevitably the more mistakes you'll
make I think people get confused
sometimes with the selling of a call as
opposed to flopping okay
the selling of a call is just showing
what actually happened and so if someone
pushes off and the defender sells it by
backing off that's a legal play and
that's not a flop if someone pretends to
get hit and fall down when there's
actually no contact that would be a flop
