this is gonna be a mess this one's very
good it's good it's a solid wing it's
for people who like don't like flavor
for excitement good sauce not too hot
decent flavor it's not very crunchy
though this is not representative of
what a what a wing should taste like
it's not super flavorful mmm well that's
good
flavorless and hot well it's really
sweet which is the opposite I think of
what you're going for kind of just
tastes like hot sauce
this one is smaller Matt makes me sad
it kind of seems like it has the flavor
zapped out of it
this does not make me happy yeah I
wouldn't say no to these if somebody had
them already
did not like this is a wing let me tell
you wow it was really good woah way
better
alright way better oh my god this is
really good it's the type of thing that
you just want to eat and eat and eat
this is what an experience should be
when you're eating a wing
I think my favorite wing was definitely
the Buffalo Wild Wings wing I think it
would be probably a little disappointing
if they had worse wings than places that
aren't advertising making their name on
on wing so Papa John's was my favorite
Wow Buffalo Wild Wings is far and away
better than the other three buffalo
wings though I mean I guess if you have
a business based on buffalo wings they
better be good I have no idea where this
wing is from but I'm going to go there
as soon as I find out
