sometimes we need to get out of the way
of ourselves so that we can be ourselves
and that's really what this is about
other people have no problem with us
being our best selves were the ones who
are getting in the way of that happening
when I say fake it till you make it I'm
not talking about tricking other people
they have no reason to doubt you I'm
talking about tricking yourself into
actually being your fullest self you
approach each new situation with a
little bit more confidence and each time
you do that it becomes self reinforcing
you have that memory of doing it the
last time which will help you the next
time people begin to interact with you
as if you are a confident person the
more you behave that way the more your
body and mind are sort of reinforcing
this feeling of being powerful and being
confident
so eventually over time incremental e
you get to this place where you no
longer have to even really think about
faking it you you you just have become
the confident person that you deserve to
be
