they break into their email they look at
the pattern of the conversation that
that particular individual has with his
or her financial adviser or financial
institution and then mimic that
communicating with that institution
where they Jam these cell phone lines of
the victim and they make it impossible
for the financial institution to get in
touch and the hope is they'll convince
that institution to wire transfer funds
to an account they've really never heard
of but they can't get in touch with the
victim because the phone lines are
jammed where the victim is supposedly
away and in some cases they don't even
try so that's why it's so important to
develop protocols when you deal with
your financial manager or your financial
institution to make sure that they not
only if they get an email or they get a
text from you that it's also followed up
with an actual communication where you
are talking to someone who knows you and
knows your voice
