it's almost Greek tragedy in its
dimensions but it's a true story and I
want to thank my brother my late brother
Fred what a fantastic guy I learned so
much from Fred a fantastic guy so I want
to thank Fred he's up there and he's
looking down fred was a happy-go-lucky
guy liked to have fun
wasn't much interested in climbing to
the top of the ladder and donald has
been obsessed with achievement his
entire life as soon as Donald was old
enough to really compete he did and I
think he was inclined to put Fred down
Fred
was very uncomfortable working in the
Trump Organization he really struggled
to fit in and eventually left he pursued
his dream which was to be a pilot part
of the story is also Donald's belittling
of his brother the joke and I don't
think Fred probably took it as a joke
was that pilots were essentially bus
drivers in the sky that was the way that
Donald spoke to him and as a result I
don't think the two of them were
terribly close Donald now will say that
he mourns his brother who died an early
death in 1981 at age 43 primarily from
complications of alcoholism
the sad thing I think about the lesson
that Donald took from Fred's life is not
that Fred loved life and Fred was
enthusiastic and valued friends what
Donald took away was that Fred was a
sucker siblings can have conflicts when
the father dies Fred senior was clearly
suffering from dementia there were more
than one will written in his lifetime
and the last one that was completed
before he died essentially cut Fred's
children out his son William who
was every bit a trump grandchild as
anyone else sued and in the process his
wife gave birth to a disabled child and
this infant child required intense
medical care and in a peak Donald and
his siblings cut them off now this got
resolved but it created a lot of bad
blood instead of becoming nicer because
he observed his brothers fine qualities
Donald became tougher instead of
becoming more trusting I think Donald
became more paranoid and that's not what
I hope the rest of us will learn from
our experience with our siblings but I
think that's where Donald comes down
