we all do it in fact I did it three
times this morning everybody hits the
snooze button it's the gateway to that
ten minutes of extra sleep that you're
certain you need in order to truly be
ready to attack the day it wasn't always
called snoozing sleep scientists in the
1970s coined the term Drock lling to
describe the action of drifting in and
out of sleep in the morning but hitting
the Drock Ling button didn't have a
great ring to it so the process became
more commonly referred to as snoozing
well when you snooze you actually lose
it turns out those extra Z's to which we
treat ourselves are actually bad for you
according to Stanford University sleep
specialist Rafael pelayo
it confuses your body and brain when
your alarm goes off that signals the end
of your sleep cycle you've hit the
snooze button and fall back asleep the
cycle starts all over again when the
alarm goes off again your body thinks
wait I'm not done with my news sleep
cycle yet and this leads to what the
National Sleep Foundation defines as
sleep inertia it's the feeling of
grogginess and disorientation that can
come from awakening from a deep sleep it
slows down your ability to make
decisions and hurts your overall
performance that feeling of grogginess
can last around 90 minutes not a great
way to start the day but there are some
things you can do to kick the habit of
hitting the snooze button
first of all obey your alarm get up when
it goes off do it for a few days in a
row according to polio this will get
your mind and body into a healthy rhythm
another trick is to move your alarm
further away from your bed than you're
used to so you have to get up to shut it
off finally just get more sleep go to
bed earlier and you'll feel the
difference together we can break this
vicious cycle of snoozy
