the symptoms of a viral upper
respiratory infection or a cold or a
classic flu or strep throat or even
allergies are very similar and it's very
difficult for someone to know if they've
got a viral infection strep throat
allergic response it's even difficult
for the doctor to figure this out so
some of the symptoms that you might want
to tease out and distinguish one from
the other is viral infections are
usually associated with a fever
whereas allergies would not bring a
fever viruses and strep throat can both
bring a fever so that's where it gets a
little tricky we also want to look at
the time frame of the illness so if a
sore throat hits and you've got a stuffy
nose and some fever and chills and those
symptoms sort of peak over 24 or 48
hours and then you start getting better
that's kind of the classic course of a
virus or upper respiratory infection so
the old saying is if you've got a cold
if you treat it it'll be better in a
week if you don't treat it'll be better
in seven days so the treatment really is
just supportive drinking fluids getting
rest taking perhaps some Tylenol or
ibuprofen for the aches and pains and
avoiding other people it's very
appropriate to stay home when you're
sick if it's not improving if your
symptoms are significant if you can't
swallow if your fever is very high you
really shouldn't seek medical attention
the allergies as I mentioned would not
be associated with fever but can have
the same symptoms of having a stuffy
nose and itchy eyes and that's where
there's an overlap between the symptoms
between viruses and and allergies and
upper respiratory infections
