it's breathtakingly beautiful I just
can't stop looking at it man what do you
think of the NSX europe you're a fanboy
going way back okay
it's friggin fantastic so I was not a
big fan of the former car which give us
a little backstory in the on the first
card the first the first generation
right it's a famous NSX well so the
first generation gen and SX came out in
1990-91 depending on what market you
you're in it was so revolutionary first
time when that car came out you it
proved that the Japanese could build a
supercar that's just as good as anything
Ferrari or Porsche could come up with
the new car is essentially the same just
25 years later it has instead of a 3.2
or a 3 litre v6 depending on what
version you got back in the day the new
car has a three and a half litre
twin-turbocharged v6 with still three
still mid-engine still mid-engine fuel
except this time around it's got three
electric motors hooked up to it so it's
all-wheel drive it's got 570 horsepower
and it launches like a bat out of hell I
mean this sucker is fast is it a lot
heavier than the old car yes but I think
the technology and the traction
management system and the and the drive
system really makes up for its hefty
weight been drove the car at a racetrack
right he also drove the old car at the
same racetrack absolutely second so
that's that was an interesting
experience but we had more recently than
that we had the Xperia T to experience
the new NSX driven by professional
driver on another race track and it is
very very fast the traction control is
astonishing because this guy was
slip-sliding that car around all over
the place these crazy drifts and stuff
on the racetrack and the traction
control system really kept grabbing the
car and kept him from getting anything
any in trouble so you know he just he
just cut this this track to pieces so
let's talk about what makes it such such
a good-looking car the front end of the
car is if it really features a cure is
old-school the middle metal beak design
right what works though dual I had like
so
instead of making a car and making a
supercar that will define the way your
brands gonna look for the next 15 years
they built a supercar to make it look
like the other cars in the brand what do
you think of the interior I know you've
had some time in it you know what you
different you definitive you said it
looked okay right I don't think it's the
best-looking interior I've ever seen but
it's comfortable it's functional it does
its job it's a pleasant place to be I
don't have a problem with it
it's beyond comfortable it is the most
comfortable sports car interior I think
I've ever experienced and and so we've
encountered all of its rivals and we're
looking at this car going this is really
really really good
Bravo Acura Bravo
you
