weekends can be a helpful tool in terms
of work-life balance
some people think work should be where
it come to be home never the two should
meet and if that's the way you feel
that's fine you should not work on
weekends a lot of people realize that
working a little bit on the weekends can
buy you a more balanced life during the
week so for instance if there's a
certain number of hours you are aiming
to work being able to work a couple
hours on Saturday morning for instance
and then a couple hours on Sunday nights
let's say you put in five hours total
during that time well that could be an
hour earlier that you could leave every
day during the week and so particularly
for people who have a hard stop on their
days maybe they are picking children up
at school or daycare or they are trying
to make a certain train to get home
so there's a hard stop on your day being
able to work a little bit on weekends
means that you might be able to hit that
hour total that you otherwise wouldn't
with those limitations on your schedule
and I think you should be careful about
it I mean you don't want to work on
weekends just to work on weekends but it
could often be a good time to think a
little bit deeper about things because
most people are not going to be
responding to your emails instantly
they're not going to be distracting you
during this time
Saturday morning might be a good time to
think about those those deeper questions
maybe crank out anything that needs to
be done with a little bit more focus
Sunday evening can be good time to think
about the week ahead and strategize on
how you could make the most of it
