how many dental fillings do you have a
new study suggests the fewer the better
but it has nothing to do with your oral
hygiene it's about how much mercury is
in your blood most dental fillings are
made of AM algum lugar of mercury silver
tin and copper for years researchers
warned amalgam could increase mercury
levels in the blood but no studies were
robust enough for experts to know for
sure until now a new study from the
University of Georgia reports mercury
levels in 14 thousand seven hundred
three Americans the researchers
discovered people with more than eight
amalgam fillings head over twice as much
mercury in their blood compared to
people with no fillings researchers
controlled for age ethnicity gender
smoking and seafood to make sure the
majority of mercury was from the
fillings and not another source
however the levels are still within the
limit that the EPA and w-h-o consider
safe which according to the American
Dental Association means no conclusions
about the safety of dental amalgam
should be drawn from this study still
one researcher from the study says
people should be careful if you have
other exposures like if you eat fish
every day those amounts can add up in
the body if the body absorbs too much
mercury it can damage your brain heart
immune system kidneys and lungs there
are alternatives to amalgam fillings but
they're more expensive and may not last
as long consult with a dentist before
making any changes to your teeth
you
