kava nowadays everything is a Chipotle
of something kava of course is the
Chipotle of Mediterranean food and I say
it's about time hell yeah kava has been
all the rage down in Washington DC so
when one finally opened up in New York
City all my co-workers went without me
and when they came back they were like
you've gotta try , and for a while I
resisted to prove a point and my
co-workers were like have you been to
kava yet and I said nah and they said
why not and I said I don't really feel
like it and then my co-workers said why
are you being difficult and I said I'm
not being difficult I just don't see why
I have to go to this place that everyone
says is so great and they really look
we're not saying you have to go to we
just think you should try it I was like
well then I don't want to and I'll go
whenever I feel like it and they were
like fine go or don't go we don't care
and then nobody said anything for a
while and then I went points prove it so
when I finally went to kava right when I
walked in I thought oh yeah this place
is definitely for me it's set up pretty
much like Chipotle so you start at one
end you pick a base and then you get to
pick like some dips or sauces then a
protein if all these toppings you can
pick whatever you want as many as you
want which I love this is a disclaimer
listen to me very carefully do not get
every single topping just because you
can get as many as you want just go two
or three feel it out ask the people who
work there write a lot of stuff on there
they mix it together that's gonna taste
bad and that's not their fault it's your
fault look at the size of that thing
look how big this thing is and I got it
to go back so half of this could be my
dinner the bass I got was grains and
greens but you can also get peanuts take
a look at these pictures at Hollis took
oh my god I'm going back to get a PITA
that looks legit my greens in green bowl
with the drink was like 1350 before tax
and then I know the pita was like eight
95 which is pretty good for New York
City it's as good as Chipotle as the
Mexican this is too Mediterranean I
don't know a lot about Mediterranean
food I know that I like it and I think
for something fast cava hits the spot
Kaba it's good go there
you
