choco-chip I wonder if they like aren't
allowed to call it chocolate chip it
smells really good that's promising this
is so good dude it takes pretty bad
honestly a super taster I really wanted
to like this a lot more
the typical Oreo cream like easily taken
out of the out of the middle the cookie
out of the sandwich mm-hmm
I get the vanilla you get the chocolate
chip I get the get the chocolate by
itself the weird thing about this is it
tastes like a normal Oreo even though it
doesn't look like a normal Oreo it
doesn't taste like a chocolate chip
cookie at all to me I don't know if the
people at Oreo I've never had a
chocolate chip cookie
but this doesn't taste like one to me
looks like a reminiscence of a chocolate
chip cookie somewhere in the background
let's sue some of the chocolate chip if
you will but that's fine I mean if
you're like ten you're probably totally
on board for this right everything just
mingles together and it's just too sweet
it's not overly chocolatey which I can
see being a turn-off for some people
that like really want a chocolate Oreo I
think it's a good balance in case fine
like it I would eat this it's not a bad
taste but it does not really taste like
chocolate chip cookie to me it tastes
kind of like a slightly messed up Oreo
if you have a hankering for Oreos just
buy Oreos and if you have a hankering
for chocolate cookies just buy chocolate
chip cookies this is not fulfilling that
like some kind of duality that anyone
has I would recommend these things are
so delicious
