the Rockets that used to cost hundreds
of millions of dollars and now we are
using a rocket which is 3d printed and
it's a rocket from a company called
rocket lab in new zealand is under five
million dollars so think about it in
mission to the moon that would have been
completely unprofitable if the cost was
a billion dollars becomes wildly
profitable when the cost is under ten
million dollars we are going going to
launch on the second half of next year
so it's not that far away and the fact
is now that we have a permission and we
became the first company ever to gather
permission to leave Earth orbit and land
on any planet we also got the law change
that means anything that we bring back
we get to own we fight our land we fight
our water we fight over the energy every
one of these things are in abundance in
space in fact think of a moon as our
eighth continent that has 16 quadrillion
worth of minerals from platinum grade
materials to real earth elements to
helium-3 and even a small quantity of
helium-3 could power this planet for
generations to come
