well I think life and career are one in
the same I think personal and business
you can take tips and advice in the same
way so Ellen DeGeneres said to me you
will keep repeating the same mistakes
until you actually learn the lesson
which i think is true and she also said
to me don't buy into the love and don't
buy into the hate meaning don't get
caught up in how much people love you
and also don't get sucked down by how
much people hate you the worst piece of
business advice I've ever gotten
wasn't really advice it's just I told a
man who was very successful in the
liquor business that I thought that
Skinnygirl was a nephew brand and he
said cut your losses it's so hard to do
well in the liquor business and there is
no such thing he told me that it wasn't
going to be a success but every major
liquor company told me that Skinnygirl
wasn't going to be success so I think
that the chapter in my book a place of
yes never assume anyone smarter than you
is something great for life don't assume
that your doctor your lawyer your
teacher your anyone is smarter it
doesn't mean to rise up and act like you
are smarter than them it just means to
do your homework and be able to trust
your gut and believe in your passion
