press always ask me don't I wish I were
debating him no I wish her in high
school I could take him behind the gym
you said because I'm famous because I'm
a star because I'm a billionaire I can
do things other people can't what a
disgusting assertion for anyone to make
the press always asked me don't I wish I
were debating him no I wish her in high
school I could take him behind the gym
that's what I would did you see where
Biden wants to take me to the back of
the barn me he wants him I'd love that
I'd love that mr. tough guy you know
he's mr. tough guy you know when he's
mr. tough guy when he's standing behind
a microphone by himself that's when he's
been he wants to bring me to the back of
the barn Oh some things in life you
could really love doing our nation is
lost and by the way if I said that
they'd say he's violent how could he
have done that
