Ralph Lauren has an estimated net worth
of 5.8 billion dollars owns multiple
homes around the US and a 20 million
dollar car collection but long before
dominating fashion Lauren was just a
poor kid from the Bronx the youngest son
of Jewish immigrants his original name
was Ralph Lifshitz but he changed it to
Lauren after years of teasing and
bullied his teens
Lauren joined the army before moving
back to NYC to work as a store clerk at
Brooks Brothers but everything changed
for Lauren when a friend took him to his
first polo match we were exposed to
fabulous things the silver the leather
the horses the tall slinky blondes with
the big hats and the highest society
that we really weren't knowledgeable of
with just a high school diploma and some
knowledge from a few business classes he
decided to start his own fashion
business
his big break actually came from
neckties in 1967 instead of the solid
colored common brands Lauren designed a
wide and colorful variety Bloomingdale's
loved them
Lauren ended up selling $500,000 worth
in one year
soon after he expanded the business
creating the Ralph Lauren brand in 1967
Lauren eventually designed what we now
commonly refer to as a polo shirt in
1997 Lauren took the company public it
was one of the most successful openings
in fashion history
