there is lingo that you can use I mean
if you're talking about fades or you're
talking about having something blended
or it's something layered but it that's
still up for interpretation if you say
you want your hair short that to a
barber could mean a quarter of an inch
so I don't think there's anything wrong
with bringing in a picture or mentioning
someone that you know that you could say
oh I will want to look like Brad Pitt or
whoever it is a photograph is a great
starting point because it will also give
the barber an idea of whether or not
you're being realistic about what your
hair will or will not do and that's very
important and that's key in terms of
communication a picture does say a
thousand words of course and I don't
think that it's an insult and you're
basically saying look this is my
starting point if you have a better idea
let me know but this is sort of what I'd
like to look at is it possible and that
helps with there not being an
interpretation misinterpretation of what
you want or what you don't want
