if you're talking about what's really
down the pike is probably almost like a
European mod grungy sort of game of
thrones haircuts almost quite honestly
would look perfectly with these
embellished clothes that you're seeing a
lot of absolutely longer and as opposed
to a lot of the hair now which is going
up which goes up or away from the face
this is something which would be much
closer falling down it's sort of round
and just scruffy and a little sort of
mod a little grunge so if you're on the
cutting edge that's where you're going
if you're talking about if you want to
look really current now and it's a very
barbered look inspirational almost from
the 40s it's gentlemanly and of course
you see guys that take it a little bit
more aggressive where they would shave
the sides of the hair instead of
blending it in but it's it's masculine
and it looks good and it fits the narrow
silhouettes
