Donald Trump's excuse that he can't
release his tax returns because he's
under audit is absolute nonsense a whole
number of lawyers have said this former
IRS commissioners have said this and
I've said it but let's take him at his
word you can't release your tax returns
when you're under audit what about his
tax returns from 1978 the first year he
paid zero income taxes through 2008 when
by his own account the audits are closed
there's absolutely no reason not to
release those returns now we know as a
matter of fact from other various
government reports that I have dug out
the Trump paid no income taxes in 1978
1979 he didn't pay income taxes in 92
and 94 and I earlier this year revealed
that he did not pay income taxes in 1984
which was a huge year for him that was
the year that he opened up Trump Tower
and sold apartments in space and rented
units and it was the year his first
casino opened in Atlantic City ahead of
the summer gambling season in that year
his new york state return in his new
york city tax return showed a consulting
business with zero income and over six
hundred thousand dollars of expenses
while the state and city auditor
separately said please justify these
deductions he couldn't do it but he
still ordered his long-time tax guy a
lawyer and accountant named jack Mitnick
to appeal during the trial over his city
tax returns Mitnick under oath was shown
the only tax return the government had
apparently the one filed was a photocopy
and Mitnick looked at this document and
he said well that's my signature on the
tax return but I didn't prepare that tax
return that's about as good evidence as
you're ever going to get of tax fraud
that is a badge of tax fraud so I think
there's very good reason to believe he's
been engaged in tax fraud in addition
there is currently going on a new york
state private attorney general action in
which a quarter billion dollar tax fraud
is alleged now Trump is only a materi
witness in that case so there's abundant
evidence here of big problems now an
obvious question people may ask
themselves as well why hasn't even
prosecuted we don't prosecute hardly
anybody in this country for tax fraud if
we had Donald Trump's tax returns I
think we would find that he's probably
paid penalties in the past and that the
government as it often does when faced
with threats of extended litigation over
tax matters and refusal to produce
documents has settled with him for a
discount this is a really aggressive
taxpayer strategy that's used a lot so
that people get away with paying less
than they oh and if we had his tax
returns and audit notices we would know
the truth of that but I'm guarantee you
one thing we are never going to see
Donald Trump's tax returns even if he's
elected president of the United States
you
