I really believe that powerful brands
emerge when you don't pursue them
becoming a powerful brand so let's take
Shake Shack as an example I think that
if we had pursued having a powerful
brand with all kinds of Instagram
followers and Twitter followers and
legions of fans I don't think we ever
would have made it happen so I think
thing number one is if you want a
powerful brand you gotta trust that if
you pursue the things you're passionate
about it's possible that a successful
brand will ensue but if you have it then
you got to feed it and I think the way
to feed it is to make sure to feed your
stakeholders first feed your staff make
sure your staff understands why you got
into this business in the first place
what's their job when they come to work
feed your guests don't take anything for
granted and we've got to be grateful for
every single transaction you've got to
realize that every single transaction is
a vote and you're either gonna perform
in a way that makes people say I feel so
much better that I'm gonna do this again
or you're gonna perform in a way where
people say check then they're done that
never need to go back so feed it then I
think the next thing to do is as you
grow I think there's a tendency to say
the way we can make more money is to cut
costs you got to be really careful about
dumbing down the very reason that people
came there in the first place
so that's this amazing yin and yang
where you always have to improve things
to the point that when you come back you
say the thing I came back for tastes as
good or better than it ever did I've got
to give you enough new reasons to come
back but never so many new reasons that
I erode the original reason and no that
sounds like a mixed message but it's
just that's the game
you
