few people who know Donald would dispute
that he truly loved his first wife Ivana
they had three children together and I
think he's very proud of those three
kids he subsequently fell into a
relationship with Marla maples who was
best known as beauty queen you know a
swimsuit competition model looking back
on it he probably regrets the headlines
that that affair caused and the distress
that it caused with his children I
talked to his kids about it and they
still can tap into that painful period
in their lives after Marla came his
current wife Melania it's no surprise to
me that this is the marriage that has
lasted and we'll probably see him
through the end of his life I think it's
really the one that fits and these days
getting to the one that fits the third
time may not be that extreme it's a
pretty common thing for people to marry
divorce and marry again you can say that
Donald Trump speaks to family values but
it's not the family values that people
would have expected in the 1970s and
1980s and this is where there's a bit of
genius to this fellow yes he's been
married three times but you know
Americans live in a world where half of
us have been divorced and remarried
third marriages are not scandalous
anymore so when he goes out and speaks
to evangelical Christian audiences for
example they understand him they know
people like him and they practice
forgiveness you know that kind of
religious moralizing in certain circles
is reserved for the other side so were
he a Democrat appealing to this audience
he might get in real trouble but they're
inclined to like him anyway so
forgiveness is the order of the day
