we live in a world where it's especially
easy to resent other people's success
social media has made it so that we see
everybody else's celebrations and the
wonderful vacations that they take in
their announcing all the great things
going on in their lives and it's easy to
then think well I don't have those
things in my life and my life isn't as
good and we draw a lot of comparisons
between what we have and what we think
other people have in their lives and it
can cause us to get resentful of those
things that they have resentment is a
feeling so sometimes again change your
feeling you have to say well what can i
what can how can I think about this more
logically so it might come down to
drawing it on a piece of paper to say
well this person has these things in
life and but I also have these things in
life to say you know it's not all that
this person has everything and I have
nothing but sometimes our thoughts get
distorted like that so to be able to
write it down and to really analyze how
exaggerated are my thoughts and I
thinking catastrophic ly about my own
life and really taking a look at this
other person's life and exaggerating how
wonderful it is and then to realize too
that sometimes other people have more
and that that's okay and sometimes you
just have to remind yourself of that
that you have good things going on but
there's always going to be somebody that
has things better than you do
