I see all these crazy workout fads and
diets and my own personal philosophy is
pick an act physical activity that you
can do into your into your late 70s late
80s like swimming I swim five six miles
a week that's something I can do in my
70s 80s but you're not going to be
running marathons are doing CrossFit in
your 70s 80s it's just not a sustainable
activity of physical activity so my
advice all my friends that asks like
pick something that you enjoy and that
you can just do into old age because
that's that's something that you can
sustain and it's not prone to to produce
these injuries that you see all the guys
that swim with me now at my club they're
all ex runners and extra guys and now
we're seeing like the CrossFit guys
coming in like oh man I did CrossFit for
for eight years and now I'm now I'm like
broke in the pool
