Isis is the finest military force I've
seen in the Arab world since the fully
out of member its greatest strength is
that it can take a defeat any armies
great in victory but the real test of an
army is what happens what it loses and
time and time again people declared
they've defeated Isis and time and time
again it turns out they just retreated
regrouped and counter-attack
it is very dangerous to take this
lightly I find it difficult to
understand people who say well go in and
beat them on the ground
an aerial campaign will not destroy ISIL
you're going to need boots on the ground
not only in Iraq but Syria I believe
that it would probably require that we
actually put some men on the ground we
didn't beat al Qaeda on the ground in
Iraq we didn't beat Taliban on the
ground in Afghanistan it's not that they
couldn't even beat but it's certainly
not easy it will not you know be
inexpensive it will cost many lives so
the people who say you can bomb them
from there and defeat them we will
carpet bomb them into oblivion
I would bomb the Stata phone well it'd
be the first time in any war that
airpower actually worked it helped it
can't work
as to going in on the ground I would
like those people who's adjust that to
lead the charge I'll be very happy about
the uniform
