it's so wrinkly and is weird like what's
that colors a mauve pretty standard
looking hot dog here I don't know I
smelled it that was weird
extremely rubber rubbery not terrible
but also not amazing not great here we
have a hot dog number 2 where there was
clearly no attempt to toast the bun come
on guys
this hotdogs a lot skinnier than the
last one a hot dog this can it be like
for real
hmm there's a lot of seasoning in this
one man oh man that tastes good woof
that's what I like no I like up see this
one's fun hello gorgeous
here we have relish here we have onions
here we have mustard here we have
ketchup all right that's really good
mm-hmm I'm not even tasting any of the
hotdogs on this one I mean they like
slathered the stuff on here the bread is
perfect the hotdog is perfect this is
our hotdog should be made well this one
looks at this is like well like these
are so tiny the bread - hotdog ratio on
this seems a bit off oh this one tastes
like like really bad beef jerky I can't
do this one this is disgusting like me
jerky eating you might think it's like
dog food this hotdog is how does it look
real yo this looks brutal oh this one's
so bread almost looks like a twizzler
number five is the most offensive lot on
yeah I don't want to swallow that so
that this scares me yeah this one's the
worst one so know what number three was
definitely in my favor I think the third
one with all of the UH with all this
stuff on it was probably the best number
one number two one pad to reckon it'll
go three two four one five
number one I'm gonna go with and I mean
but they were all terrible two one four
five I know threes not even in there
because it just tastes like condiments
Wow
Nathan's what Oh No okay all right good
job Burger King I guess I love dad soup
ahead oh oh I have fancy taste shocker
