like all stars in the universe the Sun
is not immortal the Sun was born 4.5 7
billion years ago it survives by burning
600 million tons of hydrogen atoms into
helium atoms in its core every second
however there is only a finite amount of
hydrogen in the core of the Sun for the
next 4 billion years the Sun will
continue to fuse hydrogen to make helium
as more helium builds up the core will
shrink as a result nuclear fusion
reactions accelerate faster fusion means
more energy output in 3.5 billion years
the Sun will shine 40% brighter than
today at this point Earth's oceans will
boil and the ice caps will permanently
melt all the moisture in the atmosphere
will be lost life will not likely
survive and earth will become brutally
hot and dry like Venus after that the
situation gets worse 5.4 billion years
from now the Sun will exhaust all
hydrogen in its core the core will heat
up and get extremely dense but the sun's
outer layer will expand a lot it could
expand big enough to swallow Mercury
Venus and maybe even earth even if it
doesn't grow as far as the earth high
temperatures will completely burn our
planet once the Sun has emptied its fuel
reserves it will become unstable and as
a result it will begin to pulse each
pulse will remove more of the sun's mass
until all that's left is a cool dense
core this core is called a white dwarf
the Sun will spend the rest of its days
as a white dwarf slowly cooling and
dimming as time passes by this point
earth will be completely inhospitable
