you
in 2008 the record was held southbound
so my whole thought process on that was
that if I probably go the same direction
as the way the records held it sort of
made it a tiny bit easier to really
gauge where you were because I was able
to see where Andrew Thompson his time or
his effort was the record of the time
and I could kinda where he was every
night New Hampshire and Maine are super
tough terrain it's super technical it's
wet usually wet it's very very hilly and
mountainous tending to train gets a tiny
bit easier I think it works better to go
southbound to get that hard stuff out of
the way what you really need when you do
something with is calories regardless of
how you ingest those calories you need
calories the candy thing was just a
little I mean I didn't eat that much
candy it was just kind of put in the
magazine but I I had a beer every night
I ain't regular food like the type of
food that I would go on Trail you know
like I said instead of like the gels and
things like that I would have anything
from a cinnamon bun to some cookies to
you know a steak grab steak and cheese
wrap or something like that or even a
slice of pizza or something like that
some chicken or something like that so
it wasn't really it wasn't really held
junk food so I've converted that like a
passenger van a Ford passenger van into
a camper van when I took the seats out
put a bed in it which sleeps 2 we had a
table we had a fridge in there and
basically all the essentials we needed
so I was sleeping in the van every night
with the exception of two nights where I
slept on the trail so I had when I was
in pretty much luxury accommodation
let's just say there were a lot of low
points you know I mean but that's
typical with any ultramarathon you have
to expect those lows it really is a
mental struggle it's you can be such a
great runner and you can be in such good
shape and such a great hiker and all
this but reality is that if you don't
have between your ears you're the
likelihood of succeeding is pretty low
you've got to just be able to kind of
throw away those low points and kind of
smile and laugh at those times and then
know that it doesn't always get worse I
got seven hours of sleep or more every
night he thinks with the exception of a
couple nights maybe showering yeah well
I think I took about four or five of
those and I know that that doesn't sound
the most pleasant thing in the world but
but the thing is when you do something
like this you sort of have to say what's
more important is that is that 10 minute
shower of cleanliness more important
than 10 or 15 minutes of sleep not
really on something like this you're
more accustomed to Swan ting to sleep it
only rained for days when I was out
there the whole time
I mean I only saw six bears if you go 50
miles a day no they have to wake up and
do it again the next day every day it's
uh it's misery you know but you have to
love it to want to do it you know it's
something I've been dreaming about doing
for years and uh I could did a fantastic
job of just keeping me going and staying
positive too is very important
