every spring dozens of countries around
the world suddenly set their clocks an
hour ahead for daylight saving time
if billions of people are literally
shifting time twice a year there must be
a pretty solid reason why we're doing it
right
daylight saving time has always been
pitched by the government as a way to
save money on energy more sunlight in
the evening hours means less dependence
on artificial lighting it was first used
during several months of World War one
and then brought back by FDR during
World War two when it was instituted
year-round until the end of the war it
wasn't until 1966 when the uniform time
Act was passed that the u.s. began
observing daylight saving time from
spring to fall annual it's because of
the 2005 Energy Policy Act that daylight
saving now begins during the second
weekend of March and ends during the
first weekend of November every year
what studies have found that adjusting
our clocks doesn't really save us
anything on energy use what we save on
lighting is negated by increased use of
heat and air conditioning when it's
light out longer we also tend to drive
more which means using more gas daylight
saving extensions having been driven by
energy costs they've been driven by
retailers who want to give consumers
more daylight to shop eat out and play
golf and while that isn't necessarily a
bad thing there are costs associated
with losing an hour every March studies
have found that on the Monday after
springing ahead we see a spike in car
accidents and heart attacks and a lull
in productivity one study estimated that
the time shift cost the US over 430
million dollars in lost productivity and
following daylight saving time doesn't
optimally align daylight hours with
normal hours of human activity it
actually makes it worse with daylight
saving time the entire continental US
has a reasonable sunset time for a
majority of the year but many places
only see reasonable sunrise times for
less than half of the year
if we were to abolish daylight saving
time we would still have roughly the
same number of days with acceptable
sunsets plus we'd have way more days
with appropriate sunrise times so while
getting rid of daylight saving time
might mean a little less time spent on
the links in the summer it could also
mean a few less car accidents and a lot
more pleasant mornings for the rest of
the year
