study after study shows that when we're
doing something because we want to
because we're doing it for us we
actually do better when we all start
doing anything I would argue that we're
doing here for internal reasons which
are also called intrinsic motivators
when I started my blog 1,000 awesome
things back in two thousand eight I did
it because I want to cheer myself up but
soon I started seeing the stat counter
on the side of my website and I got this
external motivator for how well I was
doing was a certain posts gonna have a
ton of hits or none at all I started
using those numbers as a replacement for
my own intrinsic motivation those stat
counters turned into bestseller lists
and rankings and hit counts and all
kinds of variables it's just like that
at work you get a performance review you
get scored on your objectives on your
leadership skills you get a two percent
raise or a pat on the back based on how
well you do and you forget the internal
reason why you're doing in the first
place the secret way to block all
criticism is to remember four simple
words do it for you cultivate your
internal strength to finding and
connecting with your internal and
intrinsic reasons for doing something in
the first place
