but when you talk about apology I think
the one that you should really be
apologizing for and the thing that you
should be apologizing for are the 33,000
emails that you deleted and that you
acid-washed and then the two boxes of
emails and other things last week that
were taken from an office and are now
missing and I'll tell you what I didn't
think I'd say this but I'm going to say
it and I hate to say it but if I win I
am going to instruct my Attorney General
to get a special prosecutor to look into
your situation because there has never
been so many lies so much deception
there has never been anything like it
and we're gonna have a special
prosecutor when I speak I go out and
speak the people of this country are
furious in my opinion the people that
have been long-term workers at the FBI
are furious there has never been
anything like this where emails and you
get a subpoena you get a subpoena and
after getting the subpoena you delete
33,000 emails and then you acid washing
or bleach him as you would say very
expensive process so we're gonna get a
special prosecutor and we're gonna look
into it because you know what people
have been their lives have been
destroyed for doing one fifth of what
you've done
and it's a disgrace and honestly you
ought to be ashamed everything he just
said is absolutely false but I'm not
surprised in the first debate
