what would happen if the election ended
up in a tie
it may sound improbable but it's easier
than you would think the Electoral
College decides the next president and a
candidate needs 270 electoral votes to
win but if somehow a tie occurred or if
neither candidate has enough votes to
reach 270 the newly elected House of
Representatives votes for the next
president each state would get one vote
with 26 votes needed for candidate to
win
this means that states like Alaska which
only has three electoral votes would get
the same amount of voting power as
larger states like California which has
55 electoral votes
while the house elects the president the
VP is selected by the Senate and in the
extreme case that the house can't come
to a majority decision under the
twentieth amendment the Senate pick for
VP becomes the next president until a
president shall have qualified but if
Congress can't decide on the next
president or the next VP under the
presidential succession act of 1947 the
Speaker of the House becomes the Acting
President
