scientists who study aging are riveted
by a group of thirty two dogs in Seattle
the dogs all house pets older than six
are subjects in a trial of a drug called
rapamycin it's been used to prevent
rejection of transplanted organs in
laboratory studies it's lengthened the
lifespans of animals like worms and mice
if the drug has a similar effect in dogs
the researchers estimate a typical large
dog could live two to three years longer
it's still too early to say if rapamycin
is lengthening lives but it is showing
some hopeful results says University of
Washington pathologist matt kay berline
just based on our 10-week trial we've
already found that our control group saw
improved cardiac function he hopes to
win approval for a much larger three to
five year trial involving hundreds of
dogs that would examine many more
metrics such as cancer rates cognitive
function immune function kidney function
and mobility depending on future results
healthy human volunteers could be the
next guinea pigs
