I learned how to speak like them dress
like them act like them I pretended to
be just as ruthless as they were when
they would ask me to use drugs I would
tell them that I don't touch the product
you know my whole objective is making
money they knew that if you were a drug
addict you were a liability to them
because most addicts when they're
arrested you know they flip or they turn
against them testify against them so
they didn't really want to deal with
addicts or people that that use drugs
to gain their confidence you know it
took a long time because it was a
testing period that you had to go
through a lot of times they would ask
you you know who your contacts were were
you dealt with in the past so I would
always give them names of individuals
that were already dead that they
couldn't go back to verify my statement
or my bona fides
