you go in they shut the door and
suddenly you realize crap I'm about to
get fired being fired is horrible the
first thing you should do by the way is
say no make them make it a little hard
for them they're gonna be taken aback
and they're gonna at least you're gonna
make them think it's the day after
you're at home you wake up the sun's
coming in it's it's 10:00 and 10 a.m.
you're not at work and you don't know
what to do go have lunch call up
somebody who used to work at the same
job call up somebody who works in the
same industry it's called someone who
works in a different industry see what
they're doing next thing is when you're
unemployed and you're looking for
opportunities you need to get that idea
muscle strong so start writing 10 bad
ideas a day they're not gonna be good
ideas start writing 10 bad ideas of I
don't know things you could do jobs you
could have here's 10 ways Google can
improve here's 10 ways my friend what
the restaurant down the street could do
to improve his restaurant you're not
doing anything with these ideas you're
just exercising this critical creativity
muscle your idea muscle is gonna be
thriving you're gonna be like an idea
machine I know me I'm going to really
hate the people I used to work with
carrying around that resentment is a
really hard thing to do particularly
when you're busy trying to save your
life and save your financial life list
all the people you really resent or hate
whatever try to find out a couple of
qualities you actually do like about
them just send them an email and be a
good person and say look no longer
they're no longer working with you but
here's what I enjoyed about working with
you these past X number of years good
luck and hopefully we'll run into each
other again think of everybody you
worked with over the past ten years list
the reasons you're grateful you know
them so this is a good opportunity to
reconnect with them after I was fired
from the job I just told you about I
threw a party and here's who I invited
to the party everyone else who over the
past three years had gotten fired by the
same company it's just fun to again say
look bygones can be bygones let's all
help each other out or at least let's
reconnect you don't want to carry around
resentments you don't want to carry
around blame you want to figure out ways
to connect with people communicate with
people have ideas for people all this is
about connection communication
creativity
being grateful for the life you still
have
