often times we in our lives avoid things
there's so many reasons to avoid things
that don't feel good your brain is going
to tell you to give up and what I often
talk to you to athletes and to people
and business about is talking back to
your brain when your brain tells you
that's enough I can't do anything more
what do you say do you have a technique
in your mind to help you with the pain
tolerance there do you do what we
trained elite runners to do and segments
to break up the task into smaller groups
let me just see what happens if I can
get another 10 minutes of this workout
and either if it's an eternal voice in
ourselves that says give up or it's an
external thing someone criticizing you
if you have a plan beforehand and a
routine that can help you we only
control two things our actions and our
reactions what we do and what we think
the excellent warrior on Wall Street and
in sports or on the battlefield has a
contingency plan they know what they're
going to do they know what they're going
to think if a certain thing comes their
way because if they don't then their own
mind will defeat them
