people who are more intelligent actually
can be better victims than people who
aren't quite as sophisticated aren't
quite as educated those are the types of
people who are more likely to be
overconfident they think that they know
it all especially you know good
investors for instance much more likely
to fall for a Ponzi schemes because
they're so confident that they actually
know exactly what's going on and that
they can pick the right person with whom
to invest so if you look at a lot of
Bernie Madoff's victims these were
really sophisticated people you see the
same thing by the way with skeptics they
sometimes make some of the best victims
as well there's one that I write about
who fell for a psychic which you would
think is the absolute last thing that
someone like that would ever fall for
but the reasoning goes all psychics are
fake except for this one particular
psychic more intelligent people actually
tend to be more trusting people who
trust more are obviously more likely to
trust a con artist and it turns out that
trusting actually gets you quite far in
life that to build societies to move
forward at the civilization you need to
forge strong connections among one
another to do that you need to trust
other people so I think that those are
the two factors that kind of combine to
make more intelligent people very good
victims for con artists
