a lot of America's familiar with drones
from our military background but there's
been a push within the civilian portion
of our government to use some of that
technology in a way that can more
generally benefit people of the world we
really are trying to use new and
cutting-edge technology to try to save
lives and protect property
you
this is a storm of historic proportion
it is one of the largest if not the
largest we've ever seen these areas in
red you need to be taking action the
technology used to predict hurricanes
and understand how they behave has
radically improved but as hurricane
sandy proved so painfully in 2012 the
storms wrath remains costly and even
deadly since the storm hit we've
provided billions of dollars to families
and state and local governments across
the region and more is on the way as
part of the 2013 hurricane sandy relief
bill Congress granted millions of
dollars to the National Oceanic and
Atmospheric Administration otherwise
known as NOAA with the intention of
testing new technology that can help
scientists better understand these
deadly storms and eventually improve
their forecasts the more accurate to
forecast where it is how strong it is is
information that emergency managers can
use in a day-to-day basis to decide what
areas might need to be evacuated and
which areas don't joseph seoane is a
research scientist and meteorologist at
NOAA using the congressional funding his
team is developing what could be the key
to better understanding these storms the
coyote drone here's how it will work the
coyote is deployed from one of NOAA's
massive hurricane hunting p3 airplanes
once it parachutes down to a desired
altitude the electric-powered seven
pound drone with a five-foot wingspan
heads into a region of a hurricane too
dangerous for manned aircraft the so
called air sea interface where the storm
is fueled by the oceans energy something
like the coyote which gives us pressure
temperature winds and humidity can
really improve our understanding of that
region while it flies inside the storm
NOAA also collects a central scientific
data beneath the storm with another
drone one that can swim well the coyote
is collecting data in the atmosphere all
that data stops at the surface of the
ocean it can't collect below that
obviously so we're flying these in the
same areas of coyotes and then we can
tie together the data collected from the
water with the data collected in
atmosphere and we get a better picture
of what we think the Hurricanes and the
storms will do as NOAA's underwater
drones patrol critical hurricane regions
in the Caribbean Joseph C Owen and his
team continued to conduct test flights
until the day it's time to put the
coyote to the test in a real-life
hurricane where they hope to get new
information that could save property and
lives we need to get these observations
we need to get them to understand and
get them into the model so I'm hoping
that we really can find a way this if
the technology shows it's worthy and not
wait another five years god forbid for
another disaster to fund something like
this
you
