my advice to her is to actually do less
but be fully recharged when she's doing
it Hillary Clinton can also demonstrate
and that you can run a campaign and be a
leader and and not burn out in the
process men have designed both the world
of politics and the world of work and
it's not working it's not sustainable
and so if a woman and candidate and
maybe a woman president can demonstrate
that in fact self-care and is not the
opposite of being a committed dedicated
leader but makes you better at your job
it would be a breakthrough and that's
more important than trying to do
everything it's something which goes
against the grain in a political
campaign but in the end campaigns and
candidates are more adversely affected
by the mistakes they make rather than by
what they haven't done or said
