most of the profits involved in the
drugs business actually stay here in the
United States where the consumption
happens the reason for that is that the
big increase in the drugs value actually
happens here when it arrives in the
states it's worth if we talk about
cocaine for instance it's worth about
twenty thousand dollars per kilo and
finally when it retails it's worth more
like 150 thousand dollars per kilo and
the reason for that is because the guys
who do that stage in the chain are the
ones who face the highest risk they're
the ones who take this shipment at
perhaps a tonne of cocaine break it down
into smaller portions of just a kilo or
a few hundred grams and ship it out to
hundreds of contacts throughout the
country now they're facing a big risk
they're very widely exposed they have to
deal with lots of different people and
they're working in a country where the
police force actually works more or less
and if they get caught they're going to
prison for a very very long time
so because of the extra risk they face
they're able to charge a premium so more
than half of the profits involved in the
cocaine business for instance stay here
in the United States a fair bit goes
back to Latin America and that's why
people like El Chapo in Mexico are
supposedly worth a billion dollars
but the real millionaire as the real
drugs millionaires are right here in the
United States
