these maps reveal something disturbing
the rich outlive the poor everywhere in
the US and if you're poor where you live
can have a huge impact on how long you
live a large research study looked at
income tax returns and death
certificates they found a huge disparity
in life expectancy between the richest
and poorest Americans the richest men
lived 15 years longer than the poorest
and the richest women lived 10 years
longer than the poorest during the study
the rich gained 3 years in life
expectancy meanwhile the poor only
gained one year to put that into
perspective the CDC estimates that
eliminating cancer is a cause of death
when increase the average lifespan by
3.2 years the rich see very little
differences in life expectancy depending
on location but for the poor where you
live can have a huge impact the poorest
men live 6.5 years longer in New York
City compared to Detroit and the women
lived five years longer for the poorest
Americans Nevada Indiana and Oklahoma
had the lowest life expectancy while
California New York and Vermont had the
highest the study found the poor lived
longest in affluent cities with highly
educated populations and high levels of
local government spending surprisingly
for the poor access to health care or
levels of income inequality didn't play
a large role life expectancy our
findings show that disparities in life
expectancy are not inevitable there are
cities throughout America from New York
to San Francisco to Birmingham Alabama
where gaps in life expectancy are
relatively small or are narrowing over
time replicating these successes more
broadly will require targeted local
efforts focusing on improving health
behaviors among the poor in cities such
as Las Vegas and Detroit
you
