they are rockin and rollin my most
profitable investment to date is Grace &
Lace which is a company that makes
knitwear sexy little socks like over
ladies boots shawls things like that
young girls love it why they are
successful isn't so much that Melissa
Hinnant one of the principles is such a
phenomenal designer she's got such a
great eye for color style texture
everything she works the business with
her husband Rick Rick and Melissa have
opposite skill sets then madly in love
with their business and madly in love
with each other why are they so
profitable is because they're driven by
emotion straight from the heart
Melissa was having her first child and
in the hospital was told she had to be
in bed for five months she stayed in bed
for only a month and miscarried her
babies rather than moaning and groaning
about it they decided to take the
knitting that she had done at the
hospital which are baby booties and
turned it into business they went from
less than a million dollars in the first
couple of years in business when they
came on Shark Tank to twelve million
dollars today they are rockin and rollin
built a big business and I've built four
orphanages in India with their profits
remarkable people
