long before tim kaine was in office he
consistently protected the worst kinds
of people when you want to know
something about the character of
somebody in public life look to see if
they have a passion that began long
before they were in office and that they
have consistently held it throughout
their career long before Tim Cain was in
office he consistently protected the
worst kinds of people LEM Tuggle raped
sodomized and murdered Jesse Geneva
havens after being paroled for murdering
a seventeen-year-old girl Tim Kaine
defended him Richard Lee Whitley
sexually assaulted and murdered his
elderly neighbor Tim Kaine defended him
outside Whitley's execution Tim Kaine
said something personal and me will die
with Whitley Percy Walton brutally
murdered three
as governor Tim Kaine commuted his
sentence citing concerns disproved by
the courts yen Sora and his girlfriend
murdered Derek and Nancy Haysom stabbing
them to death in their home on his last
day as governor tim kaine tried to have
soaring sent to Germany where
would have been possible in just two
years Tim Chang he has a passion for
defending the wrong people America
deserves better Bush and Dukakis on
crime Bush supports the death penalty
for first-degree murderers Dukakis not
only opposes the death penalty he
allowed first-degree murderers to have
weekend passes from prison one was
Willie Horton who murdered a boy in a
robbery stabbing him 19 times despite a
life sentence Horton received 10 weekend
passes from prison
