then house cool I like that I like that
how's business booming like my name is
Benjamin most people call me Benjamin
kicks over the Shaniqua Don
well first I'm just the plug when I say
I'm the plug I mean like I'm the guy
that like puts it together and makes it
happen like I get the sneakers for all
of them where they can't get it from
anyone else i supply like most of the
rappers with sneakers and like athletes
with sneakers that they can't get I have
like a list yeah let me just read off my
phone yeah how long do we have
DJ Khaled Ian Conner DJ carnage G easy
lil yachty son Whiteside playboy cardi
quavo post Malone Zoe dollars Puff Daddy
he bought like 20 pairs and then I also
sell to the public on my website this
year the goal is to make a million
dollars yeah
sneakers started in fifth grade it was
like my mom got me to LeBron galaxies
and some kid at school remember he was
like oh I want those I got paid for him
I just started getting some more
expensive sneakers like six seven $800
then that's like wash cars the walk dogs
so like candy stuff like that like in
fifth sixth grade seventh grade whatever
I need to do to get money then when I
got a little money I started to pay
people to camp out like Oh fifty bucks
just go outside they gave me the shoe
for retail basically then I sell it and
make money and get my pen free I
remember Khalid needed some sneakers the
pantone pack and then I'll get him more
sneakers more sneakers then I'll just
come to his house to hang out and like
one day we're just at his house by the
jacuzzi and like he's just saying how
his business because the I remember the
high-top Easy's came out the black ones
and I saw the bunch tried a bunch of
money on me and he was just like how was
business so I was like booming and then
he was like I liked that and then he
posted it on snapchat
and then I just started going viral so
we started doing all the time like how's
business booming like been how school
I like that
I like that especially to the young
people that wanted to start any
businesses just because people are young
you know like everyone like always
looked at me like oh he's he came with a
sneaker plug like he's young definitely
just got to follow your dream like
whatever whatever you like to do that's
what you got to do in your smooth
successful in it
