last week I was on tonight show with
jimmy fallon and he asked me he asked me
a question there was serious question he
said have have i ever seen a debate
focused so much on fact-checking and my
answer was completely honest and
spontaneous that I've never seen a
candidate who knows so few facts on
foreign policy and national I never had
no I'm serious i honest to god don't
believe ever in the history of the
United States of America has a major
party candidate been less informed
dangerously uninformed like he is his
threat not to protect the Baltic States
against the Russian invasion or NATO
ally required me to go from Australia to
meet with all three Baltic presents
Latvia Estonia Lithuania to tell me I
mean deadly earnest to tell them no that
is not only not our administration's you
it's not the view of any Republicans
except Donald Trump
