first of all I don't eat Chipotle if
you're not even sure public do you think
again ecoli you're a moron
I love Chipotle yeah hell yeah I was
unfazed by the health scare I didn't go
to Chipotle while the e.coli think was
going on I don't like Chipotle at all
chorizo why didn't they have Theresa
before do you know it seems like a
no-brainer chorizo is not a superhero it
is not the iPhone it is not a miracle
product it's just some sausage oh man
that's so good hmm yeah I love it
that's pretty good it's it I mean it's
Fe a little spicy
it's definitely spicy well he hasn't
really done smoky before so this is kind
of a new interesting interesting thing I
haven't had true so in a while but it
doesn't really taste like chorizo in my
opinion the chorizo is very chewy the
texture is really chewy it's kind of dry
and chewy and it's not as um it's not as
greasy if I had this I wouldn't think oh
that's chorizo I'd be like oh that is
it's like a chewy or meat with a lot of
flavor in it usually when I've had
chorizo
it's sliced like the sausage disks is
this passable yes is this gonna make me
eat Chipotle No
the number one thing Chipotle could do
to make customers back is free guacamole
no question like I don't know if this is
necessarily what's gonna like be able to
bring them back but I think it's pretty
tasty
I would prefer the chorizo over the
other meat is definitely
it's how Chipotle would do chorizo it's
mediocre it's fun I'm having a good time
now but I wouldn't buy this Chipotle is
doing its Chipotle thing here its living
his best Chipotle life
