I think he might win because first of
all he's demonstrated he could get the
nomination but secondly all we need to
have happen is some unexpected event
between today and the election on
november eight we could have a terrible
terrorist attack perhaps one
orchestrated secretly by the man he
keeps worshiping publicly of Vladimir
Putin we could have something happen to
the other candidate there are all sorts
of possibilities here secondly I don't
trust the polls this year in many ways
this is an election about are you a
racist and I think there are a lot of
people who don't think they're racists
but they absolutely are very unhappy
that we've had a black president and the
prospect of a woman president disturbs
them deeply and I'm not sure that
they're honestly reporting their
feelings and conduct the pollsters and
I've talked to some pollsters who when I
asked them about it get a little
squeamish about those questions what's
the biggest reason Donald Trump may lose
this election the demographics of this
country don't favor Donald Trump and
they don't favor a Republican president
under current Republican policies and by
the way I'm a registered Republican of
many years standing the country's
demographics are becoming more diverse
but many people in the Republican Party
particularly those most drawn to Donald
Trump want to have a white America and
certainly a dominant white cultured
America the numbers for that just don't
work Trump is almost certain to win
states in the old south but everywhere
else in the country he faces
demographics that are not at all
comfortable for him and for his brand of
racism and xenophobia
