I want to ask you about something that
was said in the debate last night when
Hillary Clinton was needling Donald
Trump for having started his career with
a loan from his father and Trump was
like well it was a small loan you had
this sort of famous quote back when you
were in Massachusetts politics about
that your family arrived in
Massachusetts with nothing but the
shirts on their back in two thousand
pounds of gold 8008 sorry but so like
what's the right way to talk about
privilege in in politics when you're
going in to lead people and you've had
advantages that you know the you don't
want held against you but at the same
time you want to recognize that not
everybody happens yeah well no I was
making fun of the joke people also
accused me of my ancestors having come
over on the Mayflower and I said no we
did not we sent the servants over
together get the summer cottage ready
and after that you know the Irish who
then dominated Boston politics love a
good joke I didn't hear anything more
about that I just settled in yeah so you
know he he could have laughed it off he
could shrugged it off but no it went
right under his skin and he went for the
bait of fatal error in a televised
debate
