she was a shoe she was the winner and
you know she gained a massive amount of
weight and he called this woman Miss
Piggy then he called her miss
housekeeping because she was latina
Donald she has a name when did you fire
name where did you find us Machado where
did you find she has become a US citizen
and you can bet a real she's going to
vote that's no Val kicking wait 118
pounds or a hundred and seventeen pounds
and she went up to a hundred and sixty
or seventy so this is somebody that
likes to eat when we sin ti como para
pon de laboratorio slowly go down George
your toes that's it
he was the issue she was the winner and
again she gained a massive amount of
weight and it was it was real problem we
had a real prob not only that their
attitude and we had a real problem with
her so Hilary went back into the years
and she found it
