do you think that you guys are gonna
keep their strategy of not running very
many negative has taken very Clinton
well we just laid down a pretty
significant by that starts up
we're happy about that we also think
this is the time when we're is actually
start looking at the ads about just get
more deliver servicing them in the
living room to actually think the
saturation point is really get down a
little bit because if there's a
detective from the perspective either
their content or there
again she would have already won the
barista there would be no contest and we
have a really serious contest over here
so now is when people are looking at the
Bates the look at the ads he has a right
to defend himself and for all the talk
of total temperament you saw his Ahnold
Trump tonight he was quite a gentle and
especially at times when she was trying
to go to him and bait him and insult him
she made it very personal and in a
couple places very personal and he did
not and I think America will see that to
the Americas going to appreciate that
