well I who called it the gold standard
of trails you said it's the finest deal
you've ever seen no and then you heard
what I said about it and all of a sudden
you were against it well Donald I know
you live in your own reality but that is
not the facts the facts are I did say I
hoped it would be a good deal but when
it was negotiate which I was not
responsible for I concluded it wasn't I
wrote about that though is it President
Obama's fault beef is it President
Obama's clothes and announced look their
secretary is it President Obama's fault
there are because he's pushing there are
different views about what's good for
our country our economy and our
leadership in the world you have no plan
educate oh I do I have no plan a book
about it it's called stronger together
you can pick it up in a book store or at
an airport near you we're gonna move you
are going to approve history you are
going to approve one of the biggest tax
increases in history you are going to
drive business out I kind of assumed
that there would be a lot of these
charges and claims and subtraction we
have taken the home page of my website
Hillary Clinton calm and we've turned it
into a fact checker so if you want to
see in real time what the facts are
please go and take a look because and
take a look at mine also let's add a
penny to the debt and your plans would
add five trillion dollars to the debt no
no you're telling the enemy everything
you want to do see you're telling the
enemy everything you want to do no
wonder you've been fighting no wonder
you've been fighting Isis your entire
adult life
