I support black lives matters program
the idea that those people suddenly
decided they had to get involved in the
Middle East and have a platform that
calls Israel and only Israel genocidal
and apartheid they're going to lose the
support of many liberals many Americans
many people who care about black lives
matter because they've been captured by
hard left ideologues who believe in this
absurd notion of intersectionality you
can't be in favor of the environment
unless you hate Israel you can't be in
favor of gay rights unless you think
Israel is Jenna Seidel you can't be in
favor of black lives matter unless
you're prepared to be anti-semitic that
stuff has to stop and if you fail to
call out black groups on anti-semitism
because they're black you're engaging in
bigotry and i'm going to call out black
groups and any groups that engage in
blood libel anti-semitism bigotry of any
kind and black lives matter platform is
bigoted and anti-semitic and it will not
have my support unless it rescinds it
