janet yellen I I supported very strongly
as chair of the Fed I think she's
working in a very difficult environment
she's been open about the fact that the
limits of monetary policy we need his
fiscal policy but it's not been
forthcoming I think she's been the first
chair almost any central bank to point
out that the with the Fed does has an
effect on in equality and inequality of
opportunity I think fed policies have QE
has led to more any wealth inequality in
the United States when you lower
interest rates to zero or near zero it
hurts people who are retiring who owns
the equity that could we has gone way up
in value who owns that well the people
at the very top so QE wasn't their
intent has had the effect of increasing
inequality the big debate where she is
one member of the board and she is
trying to manage the politics in a very
difficult situation there are inflation
hawks and on the other end the board is
now I think least has several people who
worry about unemployment and she's one
of those and so overall I think she's
done a good job of keeping obey the
inflation hawks there's only been one
increase in the interest rate as I look
at the American economy the risk of
inflation remains very very remote and
the persistence of unemployment remains
very real and let me explain a little
bit about unemployment because some
people look at the five percent for you
know less than five percent unemployment
say isn't that really good performance
the answer is the labor market is still
very weak evidence the fact that wages
are
barely keeping up with inflation the low
labor force participation there's a lot
of disguised and employment if you look
at those who are holding jobs part-time
involuntarily the number of people in
disability the people who discouraged
workers have stopped searching for a job
so oh that gives me the the view is that
that that unbalanced she's been able to
to maintain a difficult politics of
focus on unemployment and for the first
time raising the issue of the
implications of Fed policy for any
quality
