there are so many ways in which Trump is
wrong about the economy I guess the best
way of looking at is in terms of how he
translates whatever diagnosis and it's
often very difficult to figure out what
his diagnosis is into policy one of the
things that he would do is actually
lower the tax rate on businesses
throughout the United States in ways
that would not necessarily stimulate
investment there are some ways you can
change the tax structure to encourage
investment investment tax credit
rewarding firms that invest in the
United States relative to those that
don't but what he's doing is while
criticizing the growth and the deficit
made a set of proposals to make the
deficit even larger and to do it in ways
that benefit very rich people like
himself people who including those
who've taken advantage of others the
hedge funds through the carried interest
the real estate Aging's you know
lowering taxes on real estate doesn't
mean that there's more land nobody has
ever shown that lowering tax rates on
land leads to more land so it gives no
social benefit but it really
Benna benefits those at the very top not
surprised to which group to which he's
very sensitive
