from a young age you know my parents
they always taught me that it's more
important to be a good person than to be
on top of the podium I think when I was
younger a lot of times I wouldn't always
do as well as I would hope or things
would take me a longer time to learn or
to get a skill I had to repeat like the
pre team level which is right before you
actually can start competing at level
four two years in a row because my floor
was my weakest event and I used to get
really upset and really frustrated
because all my teammates were moving up
and I just I was only six years old and
I I couldn't get all the skills and my
parents would always just teach me to
keep working hard and to be a good
person because that's what's most
important you know if you give it your
all and you don't do well it's totally
okay because as long as you know you
gave it your best shot and that's all
you can ask for
