price of cocaine in the United States
has hardly moved in the past couple of
decades it's been about one hundred and
fifty dollars per per gram and that's
barely budged what's really going on
there is that the cartels in parts of
South America
have what economists call a monopsony
which is like a monopoly of demand for a
particular product that the main buyers
by far what this means is that even when
the supply is interrupted or restricted
the farmers there aren't able to push up
the price in the way that you would
expect because the cartels there have
this grip on the market which means that
they can say sorry guys we're the only
buyer in this region the price stays
where it is and so the effect of all
these interruptions of supply are to
really squeeze the farmers it's not
hitting the cartels it's not hitting the
consumers in the States or in Europe the
people that it's really damaging are the
farmers who grow this stuff
