one of the biggest money mistakes you
can make is comparing your income to the
income of others if you're making 50
grand a year and and I say hey how you
doing with your finances oh we're fine
we're good we're good because you're
you're basically comparing yourself to
other people that you know that make
money compared to what I go to
Northwestern Mutual I do a gig for these
two guys the average earner was making
970 a year what are they thinking we're
doing good man we're doing great
compared to what they're comparing their
income at 970 to other people they've
known this is the incorrect thing to do
what you want to look at is your
potential your potential and the
potential if you're interested in money
the potential for earning more money on
this planet if you look at the amount of
money on this planet and then look at
what you earn you're gonna be like I
don't even exist on this planet if you
look at the amount of money you earn 50
grand or 500 grand and compared to
somebody in Afghanistan you're gonna be
like I'm rich if if you don't have
enough money that's all that matters if
you don't have enough money to take care
of your family expand your business go
where you want when you want when you
look at a bill at the restaurant or you
look at the menu at the restaurant and
the price comes and you're like I can't
believe they're getting that much money
for that if you're complaining about
prices you don't have enough money
bottom line if you want to understand
money and how to multiply it how to keep
it how to get it then look at your
experience when you go to Whole Foods or
when you order something online what's
your experience with that when you buy a
car is like is that too much money if
there's too much money you're not making
enough money right now
