my name is Willie Gilbert I'm from Grand
Rapids Michigan I'm 52 years old
I'm Carmen Guzman I'm 20 40 years old
and I live in Stockton California my
name is Julian Richardson I'm from New
Orleans Louisiana my name is Jason
pocket I'm 31 years old
and I actually originated from Orange
County California so before I joined TSA
I actually was working at Lowe's Home
Improvement I worked for a paper company
I was running a computerized printing
press I've been there for about 30 years
I was a store manager and retail for
about ten years and then I also worked
for a hospital previous to TSA I was a
youth pastor at a church I just wanted a
new challenge I wanted to do something
different and I wanted to make some
changes in my personal life well I
always wanted to do something important
to me I always wanted to help someone I
worked in retail I was looking for a
change and I just wanted to make a
change in my community that's where
there's my country in all honesty it was
the health insurance and the pay but day
one once I got there I realized the
importance of the job it's really good
to interact with different people and
get a different perspective on things
they click with me and it became that
career made it so that I wanted to be
here to ensure safety of all the
traveling public even after 9/11 I knew
I wanted to do something and ensure
people's safety so I thought TSA was a
perfect position because we do a lot
more than what people think we do
