being alone when we're looking out for
our guys were essentially alone you know
on a rooftop inside of a building or
something like that opposed to what the
guys on the ground are doing they're in
a building c4 charges under the cover of
darkness but we're on a rooftop
you know you're silhouetted yourself I
think being alone and having a weapon
that cannot spit out 30 rounds and in
five six seconds you know it's one round
per five per 10 seconds not having the
the weapon - if you need to defend
yourself against massive amounts of
people you don't have any you know fully
automatic weapon system you have a
machine gun if anything bad happened you
have to be on your game that day your
mother hen you're the momma figure of
all of your guys you watch over them you
make sure nothing happens to them and
you take the the blunt of the attack if
need be
it's just your job
