it smells really good
take a bite see what it tastes like it's
surprisingly really good it's really
juicy so it's kind of crispy on the
outside and the meat is really tender
the batter is not too heavy which is a
complaint that I sometimes have about
fried chicken
so yeah this one's good oh it's good
it's not overdone not underdone it's
juicy and moist a lot of its kind of
like in that moist greasy zone it's
flavorful but it's a little too salty
I'm not tasting chicken I'm tasting salt
I mean nothing wrong with it I would
totally eat this anytime I want to guess
this is from KFC but I'm not really sure
I haven't been there a lot recently but
I grew up on that stuff it seems like
it's like a like legit piece of fried
chicken I have a feeling this is like
from Burger King or something this is
really good it's rich it's savory and
without being overwhelming it has less
of an authentic taste to it this one is
a little less flavorful I would say it
almost tastes like it's just bright
inside like they just like breaded bread
if you will
I mean it's greasy but it's good and
it's a lot more flavorful than the first
one I'm gonna go ahead and say it's
Popeyes like some KFC extra crispy or
it's just from like if McDonald's has a
new fried chicken I think this might be
Popeyes I want to say like a like Trader
Joe's like deli or something like that
like Whole Foods maybe some grocery
store somewhere I like to better for
sure probably one definitely ticket
number to easily number one number one
Oh chicken number two by a country mile
chicken number one kills chicken number
two in this competition
chicken ever bought is KFC what really
are you kidding me I guess that I guess
correctly uh kind of saddened by that
but that's okay
chicken over to my eyes yeah I knew it I
know papa I was right huh nice
Popeyes really Oh hmm yeah course loved
Popeyes yeah so called the kernel I'm
going to KFC
