what does our nose doing it's actually
able to take air that might be zero
degrees or a hundred degrees and as you
breathe it in it gets the air to body
temperature the nose is probably one of
the least appreciated organs in the body
the nose job is unbelievable when you
start to think about so we breathe in
liters and liters of air and what does
our nose doing it's actually able to
take air that might be zero degrees or a
hundred degrees and as you breathe it in
it gets the air to body temperature the
air could be very dry or very moist with
humidity it actually brings the air to a
particular state of humidity and it
filters all the particles that we're
breathing in and it does this through
massive amounts of blood flow through
the nasal membranes so these membranes
are very reactive they react to
temperature changes they react to
particulate matter in the air and the
blood flow will actually change very
dramatically inside of the nose with
these extreme changes in say temperature
when you go to hot area to a cold area
the blood flow changes and with that
comes some changes in the flow of mucus
so one's nose may run watery when we're
in really cold temperatures because the
nose is actually trying to moisturize
and heat that air it's using blood flow
and mucus to do the job
