Mach is the speed of sound so flying the
Mach means flying at the speed of sound
and that speed of sound is between six
and seven hundred miles an hour you
watch a lightning bolt strike and then
you listen for the sound that comes and
every second that happens afterwards is
basically distance take six seconds to
go one mile at Mach one the f16 was
capable of going Mach two which is twice
that speed so that's a mile
approximately every three seconds which
is moving right along I had the
opportunity to fly and you have 16 and
do everything that you could except for
shut the motor off and then we did
something called the Mach run and we
would lower our nose at 40,000 feet
level flight and see how long it took us
to get to Mach 1 the fastest I ever went
was fourteen hundred and sixty miles per
hour in ground speed
