the first time honestly I sat down and
watched the movie I was like fingernails
on a chalkboard
I was really critical of the military
kind of technical aspects of the movie
that the scenes that they depicted of
him in sniper training were just it was
complete amateur hour and just 180 out
how it was and I'm not saying like hey
let's give away all of our trade secrets
to Hollywood but hey at least make it
look cool because the course is cool
we're producing the best snipers they
made it seem like it was just boot camp
instructors yelling at people and it's
just not the way that we conduct
ourselves and so I thought it the way
they represented the training was very
unprofessional and just not even close
to reality my litmus test for for that
was if Chris or any other SEAL sniper
was sitting right beside me in the
audience would they have appreciated the
way that the SEAL sniper community was
represented and the honest answer is no
I don't I don't think I don't think that
it he would have been like oh they did a
great job what I think Clint Eastwood
did a really really good job was showing
a guy like Chris who was a sniper going
into Iraq being put in that terrible
environment being forced to make these
incredibly tough decisions then you know
oftentimes that were our life and death
and going to make the difference between
saving somebody's an American live or
not and then what that meant internally
but also how it affected him back home
and his family and I think people really
needed to see that
