the Fed has been hiking race and they're
planning to hike in the future but you
think that rates are gonna stay low for
a long time can you help me understand
sure yeah it depends on which race I
mean obviously the Fed is hiking
short-term rates and they expect to
raise them all the way up to and above
3.4 percent by 2020 so short rates are
going on but the rates are really matter
for bond investors are the intermediate
to long-term rate so what's priced into
the market is that those short rates are
going to get very close to and
eventually go above 3 percent and you
know so in the interim while they're
raising rates if the scenario plays out
you know longer-term fixed income
securities even Treasuries mand about
performing cash but the fact of the
matter is this is not unusual usually by
the time the Fed gets around to raising
rates people can see the economy's doing
well they're looking through the cycle
and the rise in long-term rates is often
mostly if not almost entirely over so I
think that's what's going on here and
there's a lot of fluctuation
quarter-to-quarter just last September
the 10-year Treasury was at 2% we've
sold off a lot since then a lot of
things have changed but now people may
be too optimistic on the economy or on
the risks to interest rates on the high
side and so as we've seen over the last
couple weeks when we're going from 291
and now we're into the two 70s on the
10-year may become more range bound
we're probably closer to the top end of
the range than the bottom would be our
guess and when you look at what the
reaction to the recent Fed rate hike
what did you learn from that sure well
it's very interesting that since the
meeting I mean basically long-term
interest rates have gone straight down
and you know ultimately what kills an
economic expansion is not old age but
it's the Fed getting involved and
raising interest rates too much and
knocking some kind of a delicate
situation over into recession and
obviously we're not at risk of that now
but there other factors that are giving
the market concerns we've seen concerns
in tech stocks we've seen more macro
concerns about the deficit pushing down
the dollar and steepening the curb
earlier this year and more recently
we've seen a lot of concerns on trade
we have a new you know approach in DC
America first and one we're bargaining
positions of the most extreme are put
out first and then things are modulated
as we go along and the markets are
adjusting to that but basically we've
seen rates come down since then and I
mean this is part and parcel not only of
the rate hike cycle where typically the
long-term rates go up first
I think it also is in keeping with the
Roloffs and that may be a little bit
counterintuitive but by the time the Fed
gets around to letting their portfolio
roll off this is very important for the
bond market the impact of their not
buying and reinvesting may already be in
the market and we've seen this before in
Reverse and this is with quantitative
easing of which we had three phases in
the United States we also had a massive
program in Europe to judge by and the
European one is easiest in some respects
because there was just one by the time
they got around to announcing and
telling everybody what they're gonna do
an action exactly how much and all of
that the ten-year bond was at about five
basis points and within a month or two
later it had sold off to all the way
above one percent right now it's of 50
basis points and we're basically three
years on so it has spent most of the
time since the announcement beginning of
the QE higher than where it was at that
time so the reverse of that is now
they're doing quantitative tightening
out of Washington DC with the Federal
Reserve and and therefore I'm seeing and
the New York Fed executing their policy
but basically were at the point where
now they're forcing the market to buy
what they would normally reinvest in and
this is particularly important now
because the deficit is expanding so the
government is going from having a
reasonably small deficit that was
entirely financed by the Fed to having a
much larger deficit and that is going to
get financed by the market so people
might think they have a bigger deficit
that is going to push up interest rates
on the margin it pushes up Treasuries a
little bit versus other interest rates
in the market but it has other effects
those effects are pulling liquidity out
of others
out of corporate bonds out of structured
products out of high-yield and we've
seen some give back and those markets
relative to Treasuries and then we've
seen higher volatility in the stock
market it's been more susceptible to
these shocks in the last few months and
that may be because these are bigger
shocks but it may be part and parcel of
the regime and when you think about
quantitative easing that liquidity
getting pumped into this into the system
we had a very strong stock market with
very low volatility now basically you're
going into quantitative tightening so
you may have a slightly less buoyant
stock market and more volatility and in
the end that makes people more balanced
in their approach it's positive for
bonds and if long-term rates stay low
for a while do you think valuations can
stay as extended in the US as they
happen you know the markets that we're
seeing here are reasonable value
equities you know the earnings are
obviously much higher than people
expected based on the tax rates and
that's not a short-term boost that gets
given back and so multiples relative to
rates look reasonably fair but you're
late in the cycle I think this is a
point where you're seeing a pretty flat
yield curve but interest rates have
moved up you're not at 1:30 on the
10-year note and if our supposition is
correct that a close to 3 percent yield
curve is actually high I think it's very
important for investors to have balance
in their portfolios that this is the
point where as we're seeing in recent
months you can have more equity
volatility you may actually have less
progress on the equity side and it's
important for investors to have that
balance we haven't talked about the
non-government parts of the market all
those spreads on corporate credit
emerging markets and so on have come in
a lot from 2016 and certainly from the
recession there are still good values
and so for investors coming into a
general market fixed income investment
there are a lot of opportunities in
sector allocation and security selection
and where we're positioning on the yield
curve to be able to ideally outperform
continue to outperform the indices over
time and so investors should get you
know a decent return for their
then come probably and our expectation
would be higher than cash over the long
run by some margin and would also
provide balance relative to the riskier
parts of their portfolios if not
generally at least in a downside
recessionary type scenario because what
are you most worried about when it comes
to the markets on either side you know
ultimately I mean we're looking at all
the obvious things in terms of trade and
in terms of inflation you know to make
sure we're not missing something
but if our base case is correct and this
has been our view for for a while that
the market is basically in a good phase
this is a healthy backdrop people are
traumatized by a lot of things have
happened in recent decades there's too
much inflation now there was too much
debt you know we're gonna have a
recession we're worried about when in
fact being invested out of strategic
allocation in their equities and their
higher risk assets and in their bonds
has been superior to say being in cash
or to being a below strategic
allocations and I think you know this is
likely be a very long cycle because of
the cautious approach policymakers are
taking and the lack of excesses that
we're seeing and when you look at the
statistics what they show is that equity
performance has been so strong that
fixed income allocations are still below
normal
despite the inflows that you've seen
there so my concern is the people get
away from their strategic allocations
when in fact that's probably the most
effective place to be here where they're
gonna get the balance and the most
efficient return profile right is there
anything that you think that people are
getting really wrong when they look at
this macro picture and rates in general
I think you know the focus and you know
from a behavioral finance perspective is
you know as you're keen on people they
want to think if they focus on something
and they solve the puzzle they're gonna
make money and know what to do with
their portfolios and right now the focus
is really on capacity and inflation and
the Fed but already you know what we're
seeing is that demand for money from the
private sector is slowing down and
that's giving you the signal that
long-term rates are probably a bit too
high and we saw that at the end of 2013
when we were in the zip code for rates
we're seeing it now and you know that's
a signal and we'll have to you know keep
an eye on that that we're probably near
to the top end of the range than the
bottom and this focus on overheating and
the fab may be very misguided
you
