Joe Biden was pushed by Obama and other
Democrats to step aside for Hillary when
Hillary had her health issues some
Democratic leaders began speculating
that Hillary needed a contingency plan
the Democrats needed a contingency plan
and some peace some of them were saying
if her health gets worse maybe she
should step aside for Joe Biden which is
an irony because Joe Biden was pushed by
Obama and other Democrats to step aside
for Hillary because usually it's the
vice president they lay out the red
carpet for and in this case Obama laid
out the red carpet for his former rival
who you know they had gone to amazing
lengths to kill the Clinton machine and
they did I'm Barack Obama candidate for
president and I approved this message
it's what's wrong with politics today
Hillary Clinton will say anything to get
elected and he kind of led everyone back
to the Clinton machine and they
sidelined Joe Biden because they thought
that Joe Biden has this problem with GAF
sending tends to shoot his mouth off
sometimes but what they didn't realize
what the rise of Trump is that Joe Biden
is the ultimate statesman compared to
trunk Trump's you know bluster is so
huge that Biden's would have been
dwarfed by comparison so he could have
basically just walked into the White
House and been seen as a Truman s figure
so if I were Joe Biden I would be really
angry at Obama and all those people who
said you step aside and give it to
Hillary
