he says I know that you are DEA men
offered me three million dollars if we
turn them loose he sees me and he says
wait a minute and he starts to move away
from the window and I kicked down the
door by this time he's running through
the open courtyard with a weapon in his
hand and he jumps over one wall I peeked
over the the wall and he was lying in
his back holding a weapon pointed up and
I was getting ready to shoot him when he
says don't shoot he says I can get out
of prison but I can't get out of a tomb
so we yanked him out from between the
walls he looked at me and he says I know
that you are DEA and I just want to tell
you that I had nothing to do with the
killing of Kiki Camarena
men offered me three million dollars if
we turned him loose and he would have
that money within twenty minutes at the
house I would never take that money
because it would it's blood money and
the fact of the matter is that you know
this is an individual that killed one of
her own and when that happens we will
move heaven and earth to capture these
guys that evening we put amount of light
from caught the henna to Bogota I'm
sitting across the aisle from him and he
reaches out and puts out his hand and
says I want to congratulate you because
people have been after me for 20 years
and you're the first one that's been
able to capture me
