what would happen if everyone on earth
jumped at the same time all seven
billion of us we would definitely make
an impact but it's not the one you might
think first let's gather everyone into
one spot that way we all know exactly
when the jump ok ready 3 2 1 jump if all
seven billion people jump one foot in
the air we land at the same time at that
same instant we'd release an enormous
amount of energy some of the energy
would be absorbed by our shoes while the
rest would mostly go into the air and
ground one of the first things we've
noticed is a tremendous sound like a
thunderous applause the volume would
reach around 200 decimals which is loud
enough to shatter eardrums at the same
time we start to feel the ground begin
to shake the vibrations from landing
would cause anywhere from a magnitude
four to magnitude 8 earthquake the size
depends on how much energy the ground
absorbs compared to our shoes while a
magnitude for earthquake wouldn't cause
much damage magnitude 8 with flattened
poorly constructed buildings collapse
electrical lines then train rails out of
shape and demolish bridges plus if we
were near the coast the earthquake could
trigger a tsunami waves over 100 feet
tall despite all this local destruction
earth would continue in its orbit
nothing happened
even seven billion humans can't change
the course of the cosmos
