everyone thinks hell week is the biggest
most scariest thing a seal training
that's all at the very last
four weeks of training out of sanctimony
Island for seal training and we're just
sleep deprave we're getting like 2 3
hours sleep at night every meal you have
to do some type of physical challenge to
eat dry you have to run this hill at a
certain time where you're eating wet you
got to go jump in the ocean and eat
outside wet for lunch you got to do 20
20 or 25 pull-ups fully kitted out if
you don't get that dead hang pull ups
you got to go jump in the water to eat
wet all that and like handling
explosives and live weapons that we had
an officer quit it just got to him we
had a couple guys like that and so that
just shows you here's a guy that's been
through six months so the worst the
military could throw at them and still
it sucks so bad and it just gets worse
and worse and worse that guys are
throwing in the towel weeks before
graduating you have to maintain your
will to graduate and put up with that
stuff the entire time the minute you let
up they could get you at any any time
