I went on got the five most popular hot
sauces you probably have at least one of
these in your home right now I have my
preferences but I actually never sat
down and tried all of them to see which
one's the best but now I get to do that
cuz bi is paying for it yeah I know it's
a nice tangy flavor not amazing doesn't
Wow me it doesn't change my life it
tastes like something you might get at
like a TGI Fridays or something and
doesn't really have much flavor to it I
don't think I like the flavor it's not
as salty as the first one but very
similar oh this one's weak I'm pretty
disappointed with that one and it's not
spicy either what is going on ooh that's
hot oh my god that one is really spicy
yeah I don't like that at all
yeah too vinegary and too hot I don't
like three so far I think three tastes
the best it stands out because there's
definitely an Asian flavor to it sauce
number four is like straight-up
ketchup it actually almost tastes like a
barbecue sauce oh that's nice it's like
more flavorful it's not just heat it's
not like uncomfortably spicy this tastes
really weird pretty spicy not very spicy
yo I like that I think number five is my
favorite three is I think my favorite
one
four was definitely my favorite before I
loved number four I'm gonna go five
Tabasco Wow
Oh sriracha there we go of course I have
this in my fridge and I've never eaten
it because it's too afraid I just have
it there for other people
I am totally surprised that this was my
favorite I've never liked it really shot
for this one before usually I just get
whatever is like cheap and you know it
just says hot sauce on it oh my god I
have to change my hot sauce choices it's
so crazy I can't I wouldn't ever have
pick those off the shelf
