13.8 billion years ago all of the
universe was contained in a single point
called the singularity the point had
infinite temperature and density and was
smaller than the size of a proton space
time in the laws of physics as we know
them didn't exist in this singularity
and then it expands the edges of the
universe extend faster than the speed of
light growing by a factor of 10 to the
26th and just 10 to the negative 33rd
seconds that's like an ant expanding to
the size of the Milky Way almost
instantaneously as it grows it cools
down but it's still too hot for atoms to
form right now the entire universe is
permeated with a roaring hot plasma soup
of quarks and gluons the fundamental
building blocks of matter as time passes
temperature drops at three minutes it's
two trillion Kelvin this is cool enough
for quarks and gluons to combine to form
protons and neutrons and eventually the
first atoms the universe is like a
nuclear reactor at this point first it
forms atomic nuclei of hydrogen those
nuclei then combine to form helium in
lithium but these nuclei are ionized
it's too hot for them to capture
electrons all of the electrons and
universe are flying around freely
smashing into photons which scatters
light makes the universe opaque nearly
50 thousand years after the Big Bang
there's a key shift in the universe
matter is now more prevalent than
radiation this means that clumps of
dense matter can start to form the seeds
of stars begin to take root a few
hundred thousand years later the
universe is finally cool enough for
atomic nuclei to start capturing
electrons this means that electrons are
no longer colliding with and scattering
photons the universe becomes transparent
even today we can detect light from this
era it's referred to as the Cosmic
Microwave Background it's the earliest
light will ever be able to see over the
next 400 million years the very first
stars and galaxies begin to form
but you can't see them yet this is
because all of the hydrogen in the
universe is absorbing the light emitted
by these stars and galaxies but stars
continue to form and eventually their
high-energy photons begin stripping
electrons from the atoms the now ionized
hydrogen stops absorbing light and the
universe emerges from the dark ages over
the next several billion years stars and
galaxies continue to form along with
supernova pulsars black holes and other
astronomical objects heavier elements
like carbon nitrogen oxygen and iron are
forged in the bellies of stars these
elements go on to form other denser
celestial bodies like the one we live on
