bill got involved in the Monica Lewinsky
scandal certainly the biggest sex
scandal in American political history
how Hillary stood by her man which is
really the phrase everybody uses to this
day is maybe what saved her although
there was a lot of talk and contention
at the time as to whether she did the
right thing or the wrong thing it worked
and there would be women who said that
she didn't stand up for who she was and
there are women to this day you say that
she should not have stood by Bill she
stood strong and it sort of has fallen
behind them I think what's valuable is
that Hillary didn't make it about her
she led bills and discretions take their
course and stayed mum about it so that
by the time it was her turn the press
didn't bring up her reactions to what
happened in the White House and so there
was no backlash years later when she
came into the public eye herself to have
stood beside him and behind him in this
probably was her best bet
