clearly we're not just on defense either
we we do play offense particularly when
it comes to computer network
exploitation hey cards up we still other
nations data and we're really good at it
that's what NSA does but we still other
nations data to keep you free and to
keep you safe we don't do it to make you
rich and there are a whole bunch of
other countries around the world who do
it for the latter purpose they do it for
commercial advantage we don't espionage
is an accepted international activity
our definition of appropriate legitimate
espionage is going after information not
otherwise available who's gathering
helps make America more safer more free
I'm quite proud of that I spent my life
doing that I don't go out there in order
to steal trade secrets to advantage an
American company we don't play that game
going out there and let's be candid
stealing some other entities secrets to
keep America safe for free yeah we do it
and we do it very well and we do it
under the rule of law and we do it under
congressional oversight
