it's actually change diapers no I don't
know the first part of my child care
plan allows for every parent or family
in America including adoptive parents
and foster parent Guardians to deduct
their child care expenses from their
income taxes that's a first immediate
family and employers and this is like
right away can also contribute to a
dependent account each of which is
designed and designated for a specific
child including an unborn child the
money that is put into these accounts
can also be spent not only on child care
but also child enrichment activities I'd
say we'll start with that child
it's actually change diapers no I don't
know I'm not one right no I don't do
some might say they're a lot of women
out there that you know demand that the
husband act like the wife yeah and you
know there are a lot of husbands that
listen to this
