the map and you know what China is China
really is a group of countries there's
Han China in the East which is to China
we think about with Chinese and then
there are four buffer states Tibet Xin
Jiang probably predominantly Muslim
Inner Mongolia and Manchuria and so what
China really is is an area in the east
of where we think it should be very
heavily dominated by what are called Han
Chinese the real Chinese surrounded by
these subservient states that serve as a
buffer 15 inches of rain is about what
you need to have in order to sustain
agriculture in China there's a very
sharp line east of it you've got more
than 15 inches of rain west of it do you
have less than that
so if you take a look at where the Han
Chinese live it will live east of this
line take a look where others live the
look west of it that line defines the
outer limits upon China and that is what
defines China everything to the east of
it is China
everything else is visiting real
definition of wealth in China is the
coastal provinces the provinces the
trade with Walmart and care for and
other companies this is where the wealth
is concentrated between 215th ICS and
the coast the average income of about
600 million Chinese is less than $2 a
day there's another group that makes
meeting two and four dollars a day in
other words between this 15 ICS between
the rain line and the coastal region
China has a lower standard of living
than Bolivia it's only that Coast which
we visit that everybody thinks is the
real China you go to Shanghai you say
there's a first world country drive 100
miles west and you discover what it
really is China is actually surrounded
to the south their jungles that are
impassable between Vietnam and Myanmar
to the west-southwest there the
Himalayas to the Northeast Siberia
nobody is going there to the west there
thousands of miles of grasslands really
deserts that keep them from going west
so the Chinese can't be attacked they
also can't attack anybody else you don't
attacker for us the Himalayas so people
talk sometimes about the India China
balance there is no India China balance
there is a iron wall between them China
is an isolated country a large country
an important country but it's not about
to make warning you take a look at the
South China Sea the East China Sea you
see that it can be sealed off very
easily China is a trading power it has
to reach the rest of the world and it
faces the United States Navy which could
at any time and wanted seal off those
passages and keep the Chinese and
trading this is China's terror so they
try to expand their power in the South
China Sea he's try to see playing around
with islands but they're really nothing
because the United States has a lot of
carrier battle groups the Chinese don't
have any and so the Chinese Navy is a
theoretical threat it's not a practical
way
