we talked about the Big Bang it's a
funny thing because my fellow
cosmologists will sometimes say with
apparently definitive confidence that it
is the beginning of the universe there
is no such thing as before the Big Bang
that's like asking what is north of the
North Pole but the truth is if we're
being honest we just don't know the Big
Bang is sort of a prediction of
Einstein's general relativity the theory
of space and time and gravity the that
is most fit to the data right now is our
best theory gravity but really the Big
Bang is the prediction the general
relativity says general relativity
itself breaks down it's not that
beginning of the universe it is the end
of our theoretical understanding so it's
possible if you had a better theory one
with a better understanding of what
space and time really are we would say
that indeed Big Bang goes up you're
kidding but it's also possible we would
realize that there was something before
the Big Bang a universe before then out
of which our universe came the humble
truth is that right now our scientific
understanding in these parts of the
history of the universe just isn't
developed well enough for us to say for
four
you
