the most tense situation that I've ever
been a part of was in Zabul province
Afghanistan and I was the operations
officer I actually was not forward on
the mission I was in the headquarters
and as the operations officer you're
responsible for the command and control
of all of the Green Berets running
missions you are their lifeline so to
speak these guys are out there alone and
unafraid usually outnumbered and
surrounded and always getting in a fight
and on one particular mission my best
friend at the time Lynn was going in he
infiltrated into a into a site and when
he landed they landed in a buzzsaw and
their helicopter was literally shot out
from under them they were just
completely caught in a kill zone and I
can remember
Glen's voice on that radio and just the
desperation of those guys as they were
fighting for their lives I was trying to
just keep calm trying to keep myself
together all the guys that you could
hear crickets chirping in the operation
center as I was talking to them and you
could hear everything that they were
going through and you could feel it in
his voice and I just thought God don't
let me let me screw this up and you know
we got him out of there and I've never
felt more out of control in my life you
never forget that
you
