what I like to ask people if yes a
success then what is no and they'll say
well knows failure and my answer them is
who says yes is success so you become a
hostage of yes and you become afraid of
no the reality is that NOAA's protection
yes is commitment no is protection so to
really master no it's understand what
happens in somebody's mind when they say
no that just protected themselves if a
tendency to relaxed they have a tendency
to actually be more open to other
questions so when you wrap your mind
around that you can actually use no to
your advantage let's say that you're
negotiating for a job and the terms that
is offered including salary might be
that's gonna make it very difficult for
you to do your job the great question is
do you want me to fail well that answers
clearly enough and now we have to talk
about what the terms are that are
necessary for success I actually have a
colleague of mine and I was coaching him
in a job negotiation with a municipality
and a newly created position he knew
that they were gonna under pay him and
not give him another thority he
literally said to him do you want me to
fail and that was clearly what not what
they wanted they said no and they
renegotiated everything you'll be
stunned at what people are willing to
say no to so questions like that can
make a very big difference
