oh my god I am so sick of these books
articles videos blah blah that all that
talk about will set your goals and then
try to meet those goals
I have never set a goal that I actually
succeeded at like and maybe that's just
me and I'm a total failure but the
reality is when you set a goal you're
it's like you're locking into the
tractor beam of the Death Star and
that's the last place you want to be
you've now fixed yourself on some goal
which you're most likely not going to
achieve because most goals aren't
achievable like I could say oh I want a
hundred million dollars well chances are
it's not achievable chances are it's not
necessarily going to be the thing that
makes you happy what I like to do is
live by themes rather than goals so I
can say everyday I'm going to try to
help somebody or everyday I'm going to
try to be grateful more grateful for
what I have or I'm going to try to be
health healthy every day so these are
themes rather than goals it's not like
okay I have to lose X number of pounds
by you know April 1st
or else I'm a loser because then you're
just setting yourself up for failure and
disappointment and yet there's so much
advice about goals I've never seen this
advice come from a super successful
person by the way I just see these
personal improvement guys on their
pedestals they never admit where they
failed in life and they just say well
here's what you got to do like make
these goals every morning and put a
check on a calendar that you were moving
towards them it's not how you do it live
by themes show up every day for those
themes
