to get anything done
that is truly worthwhile truly
meaningful to yourself or to other
people really require is that you do
stick with things longer than maybe you
think that you might need to when you
start that journey RIT is this special
combination of passion and perseverance
for really long term goals so in a
phrase grit is sticking with things and
not giving up on them and I've
identified four things that are
signature to paragons of grit one is a
tremendously deep interest in what they
do they'll often say I love what I do
second the capacity to practice and to
practice at their edge so gritty
individuals will often say things like I
really strive to get better at this
every day
third is purpose a sense that what
you're doing is not merely interesting
but also important and important to
other people not just you and finally
hope you can't be gritty
without getting up again after getting
knocked down and I think the signature
resilience that we see in Paragons of
grit derives from a deep confidence that
though the world may not be perfect and
that they may not be perfect there's
typically something they can do to make
things a little better grant really has
to start with passion if you don't love
what you do if you don't find it
interesting if you don't find it
important then there's no point in the
perseverance half of grit it's not
perseverance without passion nor passion
without perseverance but but really both
