Miss USA 2016 is district
time management is one thing when they
say that we have formation we really
have formation you guys need to be
outside fully dressed in uniform at
attention and ready to take on the day
so time management is one of the things
that absolutely use biggest thing that
I've learned also disciplined you have
to be extremely disciplined to be in the
military you have to recognize the
regulations and the standards that have
been set and there's no changing them
that's what it is I've also learned
combatives training I'm actually pretty
tough apparently so I can kick but from
what I've been told and I've taken a
couple combatives classes and they
usually always pick on me and they put
me against the biggest guy in the room
and they teach you all these different
movements and things to help take the
guy down to vend yourself so that's a
pretty cool thing that I was able to
learn I always knew I was tough but it's
a little bit different when you're
standing up in front of a six-foot to
220 pound guy that's ready to knock you
out just to make a point I definitely
have learned that I'm extremely tough
