whether you call it radical jihadism
radical islamism I think they mean the
same thing I'm happy to say either
you
I was the one that really broke the
glass ceiling on behalf of women more
than anybody in the construction
industry Donald Trump do you think you
had something to do with budweiser
change in the name of their beer for the
summer they were inviting American I
think so they're so impressed with what
our country will become that they
decided to do this before the fact
you know Kevin McCarthy is out you know
that right and they're giving me a lot
of credit for that
you know for the debate we're 24 million
people now normally they have like 2
million people right when you say in two
million if they're lucky they had 24 I
won't take credit for it but believe me
a hundred percent it's me one hundred
percent
you
you
it was interesting because the numbers
were much much greater than he thought
and a lot of people are giving me credit
for that and I will accept that brother
absolutely I always accept friend
