with the terrorists you have to take out
their families when you get these
terrorists you have to take out their
families what mr. Trump said was now his
solution we're gonna torture these
people were gonna kill terrorists
families in addition to terrorists
that's not just morally wrong
that's operationally ineffective if that
were the order intentionally killed
non-combatants the first man or woman in
an American military uniform that that
order hit would simply say I'm sorry
we're just not going to do that look
we're down here in lower Manhattan
everybody I see out here remembers what
happened here 15 years ago we're still
mad at these people for killing the
innocent why do you think America going
out of its way to kill the family
members of terrorists it's going to
solve something any kind of problem
it's against American domestic law it's
against international law it's against
the laws of armed conflict that's just
not going to happen
you
