it's called the danger triangle or face
for native infections the nose filters
all the air that we breathe in
preferentially breathing through the
nose and the first filter are actually
the hairs that are present
they're called Fabrice and then those
hairs actually when you look at the nose
under the microscope they're actually
microscopic hairs called cilia that
filter and actually move the mucus from
the front to the back and it eventually
goes down to the stomach where stomach
acid burns up all those germs
particulate matter
so the hairs on the front the repressor
actually helpful filters for large
particles it may be a problem when
people trim those hairs too close or if
they pluck them because there are germs
that live at the base of the hair
follicles and when those hair follicles
are pulled out the germs can go into
that space and induce it infection those
infections in fact are extremely
dangerous and they can be lethal the
veins that drain the blood from the nose
drain posterior Li to the same veins
that go and drain your brain and so
germs can travel from the front to the
back through those veins and Guice
meningitis or brain abscesses it's
called the danger triangle in the face
when you have infections in the militar
face so you don't want the nose hairs to
be growing out unsightly
but you also don't want to be trimming
them or plucking them or cutting too
close to the follicle
