this is intelligent investing presented
by fidelity investments there are a lot
of reasons to believe us stock
valuations may come down over the next
year
for one valuations are historically high
by most measures including the five-year
cyclically adjusted p/e ratio which you
can see here is at the highest level in
history except for during the tech
bubble second according to URI and timur
of fidelity investments the possibility
of higher tariffs could put pressure on
valuations timber points out that
tariffs tend to be inflationary and
there is a consistent inverse
relationship between p/e ratios and
inflation and of course when valuations
compress stock prices tend to go down
the relationship is clear and expected
and in this chart which shows
year-over-year change in the p/e ratio
relative to the total return on the
sp500 over the same time period as you
would expect when p/e ratios increased
year over year
so did stock prices almost out of
one-to-one basis but if you check out
this area here where p/e ratios declined
but stock prices increased this is the
case about 22% of the time over the past
100 years or so of course this requires
strong earnings growth to offset the
decline in the valuation multiple
historically valuation compression has
been part of the late cycle playbook and
that may be where we're headed for the
next six to 12 months but late cycles
are difficult to pin down in terms of
exactly what stocks are going to do
timber says we have strong earnings
growth and the bond market is already
pricing in a fair amount of tightening
so the stock market is in ok shape for
now he expects maybe we're headed for a
prolonged sideways chop with the
occasional 10 to 15 percent drop
you
you
