you've probably seen DNA represented
like this but it actually looks a little
more like this
it's an incredibly long molecule that's
precisely folded and tightly packaged
into the 46 chromosomes in our bodies
cells how long exactly well if you
uncoiled all of the DNA in just one cell
it would stretch over six feet and
that's just in one cell we don't know
for sure but recent studies have
estimated the average adult body is made
up of around 30 trillion cells so if you
lined up all of the DNA molecules in all
of the cells of your body from end to
end it would reach over thirty four
billion miles now let's try to
comprehend that distance at their
closest the earth and Pluto are 2.6
billion miles apart NASA's new Horizons
spacecraft one of the fastest man-made
objects of all time travels around a
million miles every day and still took
almost ten years to reach Pluto now take
that distance and double it then double
that then triple that and you still
haven't mashed the length of all of the
DNA that's tucked away in you right now
guiding your body's growth and repair
