we tend to use the term Arab world like
it's one thing like it's a solid
grouping of people
Arab is a person who is who is
ethnically Arab in many Middle Eastern
countries they're Arabs but there are
also other ethnicities
there are Kurds Turks Berbers cops many
other different kinds of people
there are a lot of different terms about
Islam and these various terms cause a
lot of confusion a Muslim is a person
who is who subscribes to the the Islamic
faith they're probably about four
hundred million Muslims across the
Middle East and a little bit beyond
they're also the terms Sunni and Shiite
Sunnis and Shiites are two different
branches of Islam there was an initial
schism over succession and then over
time those those divisions as Sunnis and
Shiites developed various different
cultural practices philosophical
practices and so forth a term that's
been in the news a lot recently has been
Islamist and a good definition of an
Islamist is someone who is seeking
greater role of Islam within politics so
that can range from a parliamentarian
who is seeking to have greater role
through democratic processes or on the
very far extreme and Isis and everything
in the middle
as Americans we tend to see the Middle
East through a lens of only violence
what's in the news every day our bombs
explosions civil military and those are
those are certainly there but I think
we're also not taking a look at the
other parts of the Middle East not all
the Middle East is is mired in civil war
there are massive changes underway parts
of Middle East after the Arab Spring
have actually been making some good
progress there's wonderful stories of
integrity and courage that came out of
this and I think it's important to look
both at what has gone wrong as well as
what is going right to think about how
those those sorts of efforts and trends
can be supported
