I'm definitely gonna take a couple of
months off I did take a full year off
after 2012 so I'll probably do the same
thing just to have a little bit of a
break and um you know to to travel and
to try new things and obviously go on a
nice vacation with my family but I mean
I think that I will come back because I
health II um I feel good I'm not I
didn't have any injuries or anything I
just kind of feel like I need a break
you know obviously just exhausted from
all the stress and how much you've been
training but um I feel like I was in my
best shape in 2012 I thought I was and
then I got even better in 2016 so you
know you can't help but wonder you know
if I'll be even better in 2020 just
because you're you're older and you're
wiser and you're smarter and you have
more experience so I think it'll be
really incredible and I think that if
you still love it and your body can
handle doing more why not give it a shot
