got a nice like look at the look at the
layers there hmm
oh yeah that's pretty good
okay whoa I got a lot of soda there not
a lot of ice cream mm-hmm there we go
this is delicious it tastes like creamy
smooth Dr Pepper it's good
I mean it tastes good it's very soda II
this is going to sound a little too
maybe deep or whatever and maybe they
planned this but it's perfect and the
ice cream is sinking into the soda as I
drink it it's like melting forming a
whole new creation good this is a medium
and honestly if this thing keeps getting
better as you melt as it melts so like
you know if you can walking down the
street nice like hot day like today got
all these guys out here they're all
sweaty and gross and like you got this
cool like little mixed bloat thing maybe
give it a little stir
you know the coke fluid is good but it's
not as good as the Dr Pepper one it just
tastes like coca-cola it's maybe a
little bit creamier but it doesn't have
the same kick to it as a dr. pepper I
think that the dr. pepper is much better
suited to a float format than the
coca-cola um Dr Pepper one's definitely
better
I think I prefer this one honestly this
is kind of weird coke and ice cream if I
had to choose between these two the dr.
pepper I think that this is gonna appeal
to a lot of people it's a nice dessert
it's really sweet really nice it's
really hot outside so I think people
really like it I think a dollar
ninety-nine treat yourself to something
I mean this is I think they're actually
under priced dollar ninety-nine I think
I think I'm big in terms of dollar pizza
I would rather get two slices of dollar
piece in New York City than one of these
how come this wasn't in the face before
this I think Americans are gonna lose
their
