why is the acura nsx such a big deal why
do people care why is it so important
much of that goes back to the first
generation car that debut to quarter
century ago and when that car came out
it was groundbreaking the first time a
Japanese company had come up with a car
that was just as good as anything
Ferrari or Porsche could come up with it
was light it was all aluminum had a
powerful v6 engine and it looked
fantastic it went out of production
about in about 2005-2006 and so for the
last decade we've been waiting for a
sequel and it never came in 2016 we
finally have the production generation
to acura nsx i was invited to a
beautiful lime rock park up in
Connecticut to do some hot laps in three
NSX prototypes as far as driving
experience goes the first generation car
in the second generation car are worlds
apart the first generation car was
decidedly old-school everything was
mechanical everything was about being
lightweight stripped down and a raw and
visceral experience on the other hand
the second generation acura nsx is all
about technology first off instead of a
3.2 liter v6 it's powered by actually a
hybrid drivetrain which means it's got a
three and a half liter twin-turbocharged
v6 along with not one not two but three
electric motors two of them are bolted
onto the front wheels and the third one
is actually bolted on to the gasoline
engine itself as a result the car
launches like no other it feels like a
mix between a crazy Lamborghini and a
Tesla acura says this car can push 200
miles an hour I don't doubt them will
the die-hard NSX groupies be really
pleased with this car if you're looking
for
new version of the old car you will
probably be disappointed this car is a
very different monster and it's a
decidedly modern supercar which means it
doesn't necessarily have the
stripped-down raw feel that the first
generation car does what it does have is
performance that the first generation
car could never approach this car is
doing 60 in about three seconds top
speed pushing 200 miles an hour it sits
in of that very competitive hundred
fifty thousand to two hundred thousand
dollar price range which means its
rivals are going to be the audi r8 the
mclaren 5 70 s and porsche 911 turbo if
i had 150 grand burning a hole through
my wallet I'd be a fool to at least not
consider the acura nsx you know because
it's Honda it will be reliable it's a
hybrid and then probably will get decent
fuel economy and also at 150,000 dollars
to relative bargain compared to its
European competitors who's starting
prices and option lists tend to be a
little pricier than the acura
