if Trump kept his mouth shut if he said
more sensible things there's a script he
could have read from he could have
Trojan horsed himself in there he might
have won
I mean Trump's not gonna win I'm really
convinced he's not gonna win he has no
one to blame but himself
because she was she was beatable and he
just has said so many insane loopy
things reality shows and television as
it exists today you can emerge inside
those programs and create an impression
on people that is a false impression I
don't think a scripted traditional drama
that was remotely like The Apprentice
would have portrayed Trump in the same
light the government now just seems like
corruption and just beating the hell out
of everybody all day long and just
wearing people down I mean wouldn't we
ever had less faith in government than
we do now
