so the number one fear in America
according to a survey that came out 20
years ago is the fear of public speaking
Jerry Seinfeld said if you're going to a
funeral
more people would rather be dead in the
casket and given the eulogy all right
given a speech is is a big fear for
everybody and it's a business person if
you have that fear and you're not
comfortable giving a speech as a
business person it's gonna hold you back
so how can using a memory system help
you give a speech or presentation
without notes and be more comfortable
and confident really you need three
things for this memory system to work
you need locations in a room established
you need your speech turned into a
pitcher so locations in a room your
speech turned into a picture and then
three action and emotion you need to see
these images with action emotion let's
say that you have a speech you want to
give the first item is produce more so
we are going to remind have tomatoes as
the pitcher to remind us of produce
produce more in the room that you're in
right now look over there and see
Tomatoes smashing against that piece of
furniture and the juice the ketchup is
all over that now right this is how you
practice the night before with furniture
in your house then the next day you get
up in front of this business meeting no
notes in your hand you're not reading
your PowerPoint like you've seen so many
speakers read it you're looking directly
at the audience and you're thinking back
about your house a mind remembers what
it sees so start thinking and pictures
it's that simple
