how much does to human stomach hold the
fort burst I was writing about cadavers
studies and dancers about a gallon and
it makes a difference if you're alive
because if you're alive you have a
protective reflex in that if you expand
the stomach far enough so that it's
approaching the bursting point you will
reflexively throw up there have been
cases in the medical literature where
the stomach has exploded and that's been
yes somebody tries to feel better by
taking bicarbonate of soda and if you
overdo it with the bicarbonate so now or
you know how kiss alters and you the gas
comes out so quickly that the reflex
doesn't save you that's usually the only
time of stomach ruptures it's really
really hard to rupture a stomach of
course if you're dead in the case of the
cadaver stem you don't throw up and so
those stomachs bursts at around a gallon
