I believe it's making it worse I spent
most of my adult life in Special Forces
and I spent a very large chunk of it
fighting what we called the war on
terror I've watched this war progressed
from the time that we were hit here in
New York City and in two administrations
to presidential administrations and
frankly neither administration has
impressed me with how we have prosecuted
this war we've tried to basically apply
a western style of warfare where we
project security and Jeffersonian
democracy from the top down and we do
that through you know a nation state
like Iraq or a government like Afghans
Afghanistan's government that is frankly
poorly perceived by the local people in
those places in fact they view those
government's as predatory and but yet we
put all our eggs in those baskets and we
project this Western style of war
warfare where we're dressed like Robocop
and driving you know vehicles Moonraker
vehicles like something out of a James
Bond movie in countries that frankly are
in still many ways connected to you know
to 7th century ideals in many cases in
the rural tribal areas so we're coming
from the top down it's like a square peg
in a round hole it does not work it
actually drives the enemy Isis and
al-qaeda these other folks that are
working bottom-up who are working
locally and in those places it drives
them into a sympathetic population
almost like a tick you know in a shaggy
dog
