so we had this hint from CERN from the
Large Hadron Collider this wonderful
particle accelerator under the ground
between the border of France and
Switzerland the same place that a couple
years ago discovered the Higgs boson
finally and the Higgs boson was the
final piece of the Standard Model of
particle physics it was the final
particle that we really really thought
should be there but of course most
physicists want to find the next
particle we want to find the thing that
we had not predicted would be there so
it's possible we might have done that
there's a little bit of a hint it is not
settled yet it's sort of maybe it's
there maybe it's not but it's looking
more and more likely to declare a new
particle much heavier than the Higgs
boson the Higgs was a little bit over a
hundred times as massive as a proton
this is something like 800 times as
massive as a proton what it is nobody
has any ideas it's full employment for
theoretical physicists they are trying
to write down equations right down
models that would predict what kind of
particle would have these properties all
you see is like a few extra events of a
certain kind in a certain part of your
detector and you compare that to what
you see elsewhere and you try to fit it
into some bigger model that makes sense
but hopefully fingers crossed this is
the first step to opening a whole new
window on particles that we hadn't yet
imagined
