mclaren 675lt you you can't get when
they're all sold every single one of
them that they made is in customer hands
now but we got one yeah actually twice
as far as the two cars we had there were
actually both pre-production prototypes
so what they are are cars that were
built ahead of the five hundred cars so
production run for me it's a real track
weapon it was it was designed for that
purpose you know McLaren made it so that
customers could have a car that could
take out on the track for McLaren this
car is a bit of a I guess it's a bit of
a paradox in the sense that it's
supercars are known for being incredibly
comfortable and yet highly effective on
a racetrack and not go right so for this
car
they've sort of gone away from the
comfort a lot of the soft writing
suspension pieces are not there even
though it does have them Clarence
predictive suspension and it works very
well into the corners that car is able
to perceive what you're trying to do
next and set up the car and a way for it
to get through the corner you read your
mind off you read your mind it does yeah
rejoin that motor is incredible as a
twin-turbocharged v8
666 horsepower here in the US it's so
fast it's so responsive it's so
efficient it's so small and and compact
and light you know it's everything you
want in a high-performance engine that's
been specifically engineered for this
kind of car every minor detail has been
thought of like for instance to save
weight
they made the glass in the windshield
thinner right they made the veneer on
the paint thinner just to save that
extra little bit of extra ounce so
everything exists on that car to help it
go faster so nothing is there purely for
form everything is there for function
and just so happened it looks really
good your shifting is incredible I mean
it's got a transmission that I describe
is sort of engineering telekinesis it
almost knows what gear you want before
you before you shift it and shifting
it's like pushing a button you know it's
got the paddle shifters behind the
steering wheel and it just bam bam bam
the gear shifts are instantaneous you
know so it's got that real racecar feel
to it it really it really made me feel
like you know McLaren has done something
special here you know it's a very
special
