I was living with my husband when he
invited a Navy SEAL to come in and live
with our family it was just really cool
to see two completely different worlds
collide because our world couldn't be
any more different than a man who's been
a Navy SEAL for the last 20 years
serving his country and traveling the
world he was living in her New York
apartment with us at the time and it was
fascinating so the main takeaways were
you know how much is in your reserve
tank when you get exposed to someone
like that with that amount of grit and
who's discipline all day long is pushing
himself physically to find where that
limit is I pushed myself in business to
find where that limit is I pushed myself
by taking a lot of risks where I feel
like I might be embarrassed or make a
fool of myself but this was a whole
different ballgame to see somebody
pushed himself physically to see what
their own body is capable of I showed
him his guest bedroom and he had a all
he had with him was a backpack he's like
I'm good I don't I don't sleep in the
bed I don't need really just so he had a
tent that he set up in our in our guest
bedroom and it was a sleep deprivation I
mean excuse me an oxygen deprivation
tent so he plugged it in and it sounded
like a machine all night like a hair
dryer was on or something and it was to
train his lungs to have more capacity he
was always doing physical stuff in the
living room push-ups and he'd put laser
on his back and so our son would be
sitting on his back door while he did
hundreds and hundreds of push-ups it was
we left him in charge of our son went
one afternoon so we could go to a movie
we came back and our son was in full
fatigues at 2:00 you're like okay so it
was wild for everybody
