I've always taught people if you want to
change your mind or your motion the
fastest way is a radical change in your
body I've taught for decades that trying
to do that in your head to be more
assertive and it's hard cuz your brains
like oh yeah but what if this what if
that and Who am I to do this and the
mind plays these games if you see
someone who's depressed without me
telling you anything you could tell me
that what person has a physiology to
them a way of using their body what's
their posture like slumped where's their
head down are they breathing full or
shallow you know shallow do they talk
really loud and fast or more quiet and
more hesitant in order for us to feel
any emotion anger frustration
uncertainty excitement we have to use
our body a certain way emotion comes
from emotion so most of us have habits
of using our body our breath our
movement our facial muscles we have 80
different muscles interphase 8 0 80 for
most people this is the largest area of
unemployment in the country if you want
to change your life and you want to be
more assertive get around more assertive
people and model them take on their
posture move it seems artificial and
both stand with your hands on your hips
standing straight up if you stand that
way for two minutes like Superman Wonder
Woman within two minutes the
testosterone in you male or female
increases an average of 20% and the
cortisol which is the stress hormone
that stresses you out drops 15% in two
minutes and all you're doing is standing
like this and you're one-third more
likely to take action be more assertive
do something you normally wouldn't do I
know it sounds totally absurd there's a
TED talk that what she describes this if
you want to go see it that's one simple
thing you could do right away
