I am accused of simplifying things and I
always say why is that an accusation
that's called journalism it is our
function in the world is to take things
that are complicated and render them in
a form that non experts can follow them
and make sense of them that's my job so
it's like what of course I and do I
occasionally oversimplify of course I do
that is my job as well sometimes you
have to oversimplify if the choice is
between keeping an issue in the dark
because most of us can never access it
or maybe oversimplifying it reducing
some of the nuance passed the point that
experts feel comfortable I will always
choose the latter if you can introduce a
topic to someone in a form that is
digestible then they can start adding
back the nuance we can have a
conversation and we can start talking
about the complexity but you've got to
start the conversation my job the way I
see it is to start the conversation and
there are some people who I think and I
would charitably call them snobs who are
dismissive of any conversation that
doesn't begin with the full level of
complexity well that's just not how the
world works you know
