anyone who gives a single dollar to
Princeton is has completely lost their
mind I will say that without reservation
you might as well take your dollars and
burn them on the street all it's doing
is going straight to the bank account
they have nothing to spend it on there
is no scenario where Princeton can spend
all the money its endowment generates
every year when people reflexively write
checks to institutions that have
billions of dollars in the bank there
they are essentially i think committing
a kind of moral crime your money could
do good in this world and you're
choosing instead to waste it higher
education in this country is a
marketplace and decisions made by
colleges are shaped by the choices of
students and their parents to the extent
that students and parents support
schools who do not do the right thing
schools will not do the right thing
Vassar and Bowden are very similar
schools there with profoundly different
educational philosophies Vassar has
chosen to devote its marginal dollar to
giving financial aid to poor students
Bowden has chosen to devote its marginal
dollar too extravagant amenities if you
go to Vassar you send a less a message
signal to other schools that the way to
get good students is to spend the
marginal dollar on promoting social
justice in this country people have to
do a better job of that you've got to
find places where your money is going to
do some good and and direct your dollars
in that in that towards that institution
