well there's a number of financial
mistakes that people make in their 20s
number one is borrowing money to go to
college okay it's like the idea that you
would borrow money to go someplace for
four or five years and not make money is
ludicrous when you put it down on a
piece of paper second thing is the idea
that you would try to save money save
for emergencies save for a rainy day
save for the future save for retirement
look you don't want to say for any of
those reasons what you want to save for
is the opportunity to one day make a
play when you make that play you want to
not diversify you want to go all-in on
one thing and you want that one thing to
be a sure thing I'm looking for sure
thing investment that will multiply over
time then I'm guaranteed when I go to
sleep at night you know three months six
months and nine months that product that
thing I'm invested in is still going to
be there in the future don't invest
early like all the financial magazines
tell you don't do the 401k it's a
freaking trap man you can't even get the
money you have no control you want
control so you want your money now I
wouldn't invest one penny on one stock
until I had a hundred grand in the bank
until then I would invest only myself
that should be your first investment
okay that's a sure thing if you know you
okay better to invest in you than some
other company where you don't know the
people invest in you invest in your
company and your own expansion first and
then when you start doing passive flows
of income investments make sure they're
sure of things
