humans are on an epic search to discover
alien life but we might be going about
it all wrong astrophysicists at Harvard
and Oxford recently had an unsettling
revelation the right question may not be
where should we look for alien life but
when it's possible that the universe
could eventually be teeming with
intelligent aliens but none of those
beings have been born yet and humans are
a bizarre exception that formed billions
of years prematurely
that's what astrophysicists concluded
after examining a key ingredient for
life stars stars like our Sun and
smaller last longer than more massive
stars in turn this provides life ample
time to form and evolve intelligent
species so assuming that life prefers
earth-like planets around smaller stars
the astrophysicists calculated the
probability of when intelligent life
might arise only to discover that the
prime time for intelligence is billions
of years from now when the universe is
10 to 1000 times its current age by that
time our Sun will have cooked planet
Earth to a crisp
forcing humanity to thrive elsewhere in
the solar system and beyond perhaps one
day humans will be the ones inside of
flying saucers that visit other worlds
