are you ready
we will build a great wall along the
southern border and Mexico will pay for
the wall on day one we will begin
working on an impenetrable physical tall
powerful beautiful southern border wall
after meeting with their wonderful
wonderful president today I really
believe they want to solve this problem
along with us and I'm sure they will I
am going to create a new special
deportation task force focused on
identifying and quickly removing the
most dangerous criminal illegal
immigrants in America who have evaded
justice just like Hillary Clinton has
evaded justice okay we are going to
suspend the issuance of visas to any
place where adequate screening cannot
occur I call it extreme vetting right
extreme vetting I want extreme it's
going to be so tough and if somebody
comes in that's fine but they're going
to be good it's extreme countries from
which immigration will be suspended
would include places like Syria and
Libya another reform involves new
screening tests for all applicants that
include and this is so important
especially if you get the right people
and we will get the right people and
ideological certification to make sure
that those we are admitting to our
country share our values and love our
people
