when the concept for the bin Laden raid
ibadah bad was first hatched it was to
remain a covert operation the mission
would be known but the actor would not
be known no one would ever know that
Americans had conducted the admission or
that we had any involvement in it the
initial plan was to report that bin
Laden had been killed in the Hindu Kush
mountains maybe a week later but what
happened was that stealth helicopter
crashed inside the compound inside the
bin Laden compound and that pretty much
threw that cover story to the wind when
pictures of the tail section of a
stealth helicopter show up in Pakistan
and people start talking about bin Laden
being dead okay and now it's pretty
clear that America had some involvement
in that mission and this is what I think
really started the deluge of details
starting to come out I think once that
happened the Obama administration really
rushed as fast as they could to take
credit for the raid knowing that the
mission and the actor behind it would
soon be known
