welcome to W New York currently we are
standing in the terrace of our extremely
suite which we have recently redesigned
to create this unique glamping
experience
and they typically ranges from like 2500
to 3500 dollars and it includes a bottle
from one of our partners Veuve Clicquot
great champagne along with the $500
credit with laurel and wolf fur design
services you do get a one bedroom suite
along with this package
the idea came from us being involved
with a lot of music festivals and it's
definitely in that whole world glamping
is becoming a big thing and just in
general it's just becoming a trend right
now my favorite part of this whole
project is the cafe lighting that goes
across the terrace which really creates
a great experience when the Sun comes
down
you
