what I think is a bit refreshing that
I'm hearing on the fringes of the
Special Op community is that Donald
Trump does seem to be serious about
reasserting America's role for
leadership in the world we'll see and
also very very adamant about overhauling
the Veterans Administration issues and
some of that stuff but you know that's
all politics and we've heard that before
we're so busy in the fight right now
it's hard to tell but but generally
speaking I'd say it's kind of a
wait-and-see attitude with Donald Trump
within the SpecOps community they don't
look at politics that much they're so
busy trying to keep us safe here at home
going to deployment after deployment and
trying to just keep their head in the
game that really all they're looking for
is a politician that has a fraction of
the courage and technical aptitude that
they do and frankly I don't think any of
us have seen one yet
