don't limit yourself go out and pursue
your dreams even if you know nothing
about what you're going to do go out and
do that every time you have a self-doubt
just remember that every single
successful company goes through a
near-death experience before they go out
and become successful it is the mindset
you know so people talk about people are
optimistic or pessimistic so they look
at whether the glass is half-empty or
half-full to me that's really the wrong
question to ask the only thing you as an
entrepreneur to think about is do I want
to fill this glass and the next question
you ask you what do I want to fill it
with it
it doesn't matter what it looks like
your job is to imagine and dream about
what you want it to be the biggest
problems are really the social problems
and if you can solve them it's a massive
opportunity dream so big that people
think you're crazy
and never be afraid to fail if you want
to make a billion dollars all you have
to do is solve a ten billion dollar
problem so go out and find a way to
provide the fresh water to the humanity
go out and find a clean solve a solution
for energy go out and find a solution to
agriculture find a solution to poverty
all of these a hundred billion dollar
problem so don't think of them as a
problem think of as a great
entrepreneurial opportunity and solving
any of these problems will make you a
billionaire
