the race has yet to be concluded there's
plenty of time until Election Day but I
mean as for these polls I've never in my
lifetime I've never seen someone
attacked and slandered from every single
news outlet the way Trump has been I
mean even even anticipating and even
predicting and even warning people this
is coming this is coming I sit back in
amazement and I notice that there isn't
a lot of playing of Trump speeches which
have been absolutely magnificent I mean
I've had a few minor constructive
criticisms for the candidate over over
time I don't think he's made a mistake
in the last couple of months but you
tune into TV and it's all just a
nonspecific slanders okay show me the
example of what you're saying it's
twisting his words it's doing the old
MSNBC in other words no don't give me
your translation tell me what he said
because what he's saying is fine is
pitch perfect I think when it gets a
little closer to two reckoning day
people are gonna start paying attention
