I think they were really accurate same
arguments you know how they made money
they did something in Jersey with a
double coffin one time that they would
have known about that was a true story
that somebody had to tell her from the
inside about that there was a funeral
parlor in uh in Jersey at one time and
they used to put two bodies in the
coffin you said when you learn how to
hide somebody you should put them in a
bottle coffin and body on top and you
smuggle the body out and it happened in
Jersey a few times and they spoke about
it in the show so have you someone who
knew the story that told chase Goodman
and X you know rat we figured that
someone was helping them with their
scripts I don't think that guy chases
know enough to to be that close my
favorite is Mean Streets I thought that
was the closest to shriek guys
especially in early 70s I think it's two
different eras I think this is 60 70
guys are different than the guys today
