when Bill Gates told this to me I was
surprised because a lot of people think
of as a very analytic person as someone
who's you know a lot about numbers and
he is he's actually very quantitative
but he once told me that the best way to
gauge whether a certain type of
education or math especially is working
in a class I'm sure you could try to
look at test scores and things like that
but the easiest and quickest way is to
go to the ten students in a classroom
who are having the most trouble at with
the mathematics and ask them how they
feel about the mathematics and if they
hate the mathematics well that's kind of
a typical response but if they still are
engaged and they still haven't given up
and if they're they're still into it
well then something great is going on
and I was surprised hearing that from
him because a lot of you know as I
mentioned people associate him is very
quantitative and analytical but in a lot
of ways he's right so when we create
Khan Academy we absolutely care about
the numbers how many people are using us
how does that affect their learning how
does that affect outcomes on benchmark
examine all of those things but at the
end of the day the best measure is how
does the student feel about mathematics
after going through Khan Academy
