there are a lot of mistakes I see if
people make when when they're
negotiating I think one of the most
obvious is when people give ranges when
it's sort of a buy-sell transaction if
you say I'd be willing to pay between
100 and 125 all somebody here's 125 so
don't give a range
I also discourage people from
negotiating via email it leaves the
person reading it to potentially read
into things that aren't there and it can
create confusion it also benefits the
weaker party because I think when you're
negotiating you actually want to see how
somebody reacts real-time to what your
suggestion is suggesting because it can
be very revealing I think the other
thing when it comes to negotiation is to
try and listen more than you talk
because oftentimes especially when
you're a little bit more laid-back and a
little bit more quiet people will speak
especially in a tense circumstance
they'll speak to fill the vacuum people
don't like silence and they'll often
reveal something about their position or
what they're looking for that that can
be useful information in a negotiation
it's not always super transactional
sometimes if you're buying a used car
it's purely about getting the best deal
but so many negotiations lead to a
partnership or the potential for
subsequent partnerships or subsequent
opportunities to work together I think
in those circumstances you really want
to be cognizant of trying to have a
positive outcome for everyone involved
and even if it's more positive for you
there's not a lot of upside and letting
the other person know you feel that way
thinking about negotiation as oftentimes
the beginning of a longer relationship
can be helpful in terms of how you deal
with with a dynamic through the
negotiation
