heavy bran how are you doing I'm
fantastic awesome so tell me what you've
been up to in the offseason I welcome
banana boating in Spain I've been doing
a little vacation a lot of family time I
know you know cuz during the season you
wrapped into the whole basketball thing
and how to prepare to win every every
night and things of that nature you know
the family you know it kind of takes a
hit because you don't get to spend as
much time with them as you would like so
an offseason us with a lot of time with
the family also been doing a lot of
things in my business so they're going
well it's been going well that's great
and you just came back from Akron where
you had an annual event with a bunch of
the families there that you support
through your foundation an absolute it's
called the we are family reunion and we
hosted once against our second year of
hosting it at Cedar Point which is one
of the greatest amusement parks in the
world in Sandusky Ohio but we got an
opportunity to bring 5,000 families to
the to the park and be a part of our
reunion once again we welcome our new
third graders into the program and this
is our sixth year of having it so we got
our first group of third graders now in
the eighth grade and now we just welcome
in our new new crew of third grade
suicides so fantastic is time for our
foundation and for the kids as well
that's great well you've clearly been
busy in your offseason I thought you
were supposed to be resting but you're
doing this try it it hasn't quite worked
out for ya and I hear you're still doing
5 a.m. workouts and stuff like that so
clearly really busy want to talk to you
about all of your business initiatives
but first we have to talk about this
amazing comeback that you just had and
your awesome season thank you yeah no
incredible at as you know no team has
come back from a 3-1 deficit in the
finals and yet you did so take me back
to that night game for what happened
between game 4 in game 5
a lot of people were just like alright
right I mean it was a difficult night I
mean you know you know the series was 2
1 we have another opportunity to tie the
series at home and we played a great
first half in that game for was up at
the half and then a third quarter it
just went down the drain we lost our
difference of pressure our keys and go
say just turn up the pressure and it was
able to steal our home court advantage
and go up 3-1 and you know so I'm
sitting at home just just kind of
recalibrating and think about the game
and you know just everyone is kind of
down at that point and for me as a
leader I couldn't allow myself to get in
the funk and so I just started to you
know just trying to recalibrate and say
okay we listen we got to go to going
state for Game five we got to come home
anyway so why not come home and give our
fans another game and give him an
opportunity to have a game six and that
was my mindset and I was very relaxed
going out to go and stay for Game five
and and obviously we saw what happened
in that game I was extremely confident
and my teammates ability throughout you
know Game five and they coming home in
game six to our home fans who are
ecstatic and crazy as can be and then in
a game seven is one game there's Sun def
and you know it doesn't matter what
what's going on at that point I believe
you know one game I'm gonna take myself
every time if you just give me one game
for it all I'm gonna take myself and we
is able to do something that's never
been done like you mentioned come back
from three one you know until to win it
on their home floor it was an amazing
feat for forward franchise and you told
this great story in your podcast that
you just launched this week about how
you spent that night of Game four you
sent a group Texas your troops and you
said what did you say oh yes you just
mentioned uh no just finish the podcast
with uh you know the open run with the
great Jesse Williams and you know guys
ain't heard of Santa jet you go on
iTunes and pick it up but I said the
group chat we have a group chat
throughout the season you know and it
talks about all the hairs all the guys
and talks about everything from hey just
the time we doing dinner just what time
the bus is or just mentally preparing
for games so I was sitting at home my
wife and we're watching uh Eddie Murphy
stand-up comedy cuz I wanted to get my
mind off the game and embrace some more
joy into the room and then I just sent a
group chat text to my guys are saying
okay listen it doesn't matter what just
happened and I know we're all down about
it but in order for us to accomplish
that no one believed we can do it we
have to refocus and we have to read
and you guys do your parts and I promise
you as the leader of the team I won't
let you down and just follow my lead
guys got on that plane the next day a
head to head to San Francisco with that
mindset and uh I will say it worked out
for us I will say it worked out for us
Game seven the play everybody talks
about is your chase-down block
I think ESPN clocked you it going 19
miles an hour to get from a half-court
all the way to where you could just slam
that ball against the backboard so where
does that rank for you is that your
number one LeBron play of all time I
would like to say just coming off the
top of my mind that would definitely
ring number one just because of the
magnitude of the game what was going on
at that point in the game and and I had
to run through a couple guys and get
around a couple guys to get to that
position and he knows a big part it was
a big moment not only for that
particular moment in the game but for
Cleveland sports history now that you
can kind of look back up upon it a lot
of people saying so you know for me I
think a lot of people will base you know
a game-winning jump shot or dunk or
something happen offensively for a four
staple play from from my legacy to be a
block something defensively to help us
win that's that's the ultimate for me
that's great um so you guys won you
didn't cry for the two times you want a
new championship in Miami but you did
for this clearly emotional what was the
plane ride like I think everyone would
love to be flying the wall um it was
pandemonium you know there was
definitely no crying there was so much
laughter and joking and excitement you
know our franchise took us to Vegas from
San Francisco took us to Vegas guys
party there and then we went home and
had the celebration at home so we had a
five-hour flight back to Cleveland in
front of our fans and it was there
waiting at the airport and it was almost
slept we were so high off adrenaline and
emotion and everything it was a I wish I
can get it back I wish I had like a go
pro like attached to my head throughout
everything rocket had captured it all
but the memories are still here for
so a great move you had was wearing that
ultimate warrior shirt without the plane
people love that well or hated it yeah
be honest did you pack that before you
won the game
I didn't oh well it's funny because my
wife bought she no she asked me like who
were my favorite wrestler of all time
and I told her like sting Stone Cold
Steve Austin Ultimate Warrior The
Undertaker and Ric Flair
those are like some of my favorite guys
ever growing up so one day I get home
from practice and there's these t-shirts
laying in my in my bedroom and my wife
purchased them from a store so
throughout the whole playoffs I was kind
of with you guys remember one time I had
the Undertaker shirt on so I packed them
all throughout the playoffs and the
shirt that I had on to come home in I
wore in Vegas and my teammates sprayed
me with champagne and it got soaking wet
so I had to throw it in the trash and
the only other shirt I had in my bag
was my ultimate warrior t-shirt the only
one that was the only one because all
our bags are underneath the plane so the
only one I had was the ultimate word
t-shirt that was packed in my travel
luggage and that's what I put on you
guys any one of my team no one believes
they all everybody think it was like set
up that way but it really wasn't working
we're not sure we're not I've been on a
few that would have been the t-shirt on
a hat or still or I could've did to JR
Smith for now wear t-shirt that's true
that's true I might add
awesome well so want to talk about your
business initiatives cuz we're doing a
lot there um you have a great other half
in maverick Carter you've been a friend
for decades at this point right guys
yeah so just tell me the story about how
you two met and how you trusted him like
whoa your brain we grew up in the same
hometown of Akron Ohio which is a very
small city and if you know one person
then that person knows someone your
family and everyone becomes family
basically so you know just to pick it up
as we became teenagers maverick end up
going the same as the Saint Mary when I
was in seventh grade
you know we struck a great friendship
once again from being childhood friends
as well but he kind of recruited me to
come to his school and I eventually went
to same in the same area as well so when
I was a freshman he was a senior he was
our senior captain of the ball club and
you know just just looking up to him as
a senior and seeing the way he
approaches the game and approached
school and things that nature he's
always been someone that I was like kind
to and found of and our friendship
continued to where he graduated high
school went off to college and then I
played my prep school years and then
when I went off to be a pro I knew he
was someone I wanted to keep around me
and now that I don't know we're friends
we're also business partners and you
know just to add on to what you're
saying we have done some great things so
far we have a TV show stars called
survivor's remorse we have a show CNBC
that's coming up next week called
Cleveland hustle we have uninterrupted
you know where athletes can dig in deep
on what they're going through give our
fans even more insight about what
they're doing as well and but also we're
doing so many great things it kind of
all runs in together but it's it's our
passion it's our passion for more kids
to now and it's great to be able to put
those things into into real life so tell
me a little bit more about the
uninterrupted because a lot of sports
people know what it is but it just
launched last year that's raised a
little bit of money for it and it's
distributed media right right right so
we're not journalism you know and we
don't want to get in the way of that but
our platform is to give our fans even
more in-depth insight about what we do
on a day to day basis it could be from
anything it could be from hey I just
woke up I just wanna let you guys know
that you know I'm off to my workout or
could be a you know I'm taking my kids
to school you know and it gives our fans
like it gives our fans the inside of
their actually with you
it gives them even more in-depth
conversation because sometimes you know
when you're in the locker room
you know in your door interview you know
once it comes on television sometimes
it's just a small sample of what you
actually were saying so what
uninterrupted it gives our fans even
more insight and there's no breaks is
completely natural is there's no cut
Edit things of that nature is just raw
and uncut and our fans have gravitated
towards it and I'm happy to be a part of
it and be a founder of it as well great
so one part like you just mentioned was
your CNBC show that's launching
Cleveland hustles it seems like a lot of
the things you do are just to help where
you're from obviously you've got your
foundation there that give back a lot
but tell me a little bit about Cleveland
hustle well yeah I mean like you just
mentioned to have an opportunity to give
back to my community first of all my
foundation and what we do for the kids
but also have have an opportunity to
produce a show
Cleveland hustles it debuted on the 24th
of this month on CNBC it gives the
common person with a dream and
opportunity to make that dream come to
life and we have entrepreneurs that have
startup companies and we have some some
great investors that's putting their
time and their money behind them and
we're given the normal person with a
dream and opportunity to make that dream
become a successful reality and for me
to be parted in it for me to create jobs
you know create insight to what goes on
in Cleveland as well and hopefully that
becomes success where we can go to other
cities as well we can have Detroit
hustles you gotta cago hustles we can
have Louisville hustles we're because
everyone every city in America has that
hustle mentality and they just need
sometimes it needs someone to to
recognize that so hopefully we can you
know jump off of that once we have this
Cleveland one go on so your foundation
has a lot of different components but
you focus on third-graders it seems like
and also their parents were in high
school kids as well so there's a lot of
different moving parts but why third
grade well the statistics show when we
wanted to get into the educational side
of things the statistics show that if
the kids fell back behind the third
grade then the the chance of them
graduating was a
a lot less than any other grade with any
other second or fourth or first it
started in the third grade and that was
the the notion to us to let us know okay
this is the grade that we need to start
that we need to get these kids in the
third grade and we've been fortunate
enough to be in our sixth year now like
I mentioned earlier now we have our
third graders who first started the
program or now in eighth grade and now
we have our new group of kids coming in
and it's been it's been warming for me
to see these kids really accept this so
you have all these children that you're
working with and you've now been doing
the program for six years and one thing
that just went viral is the news that
you're now suddenly going to help these
kids get four-year scholarships to
college when they become of age so tell
me about that well worked very closely
with the University of Akron and I
wanted to do something even more special
obviously we started off with mentoring
these kids the third graders all the way
up into high school and get them to a
point where they can eventually graduate
high school but I didn't think that was
enough I wanted to take it even more a
step further than that so partner with
the University of Akron where we've
started another program to where if the
kids sustain a 3.0 grade point average
something that we feel like our kids can
meet under the circumstances that were
given under the supervision that we're
given them at the end of that road is a
college scholarship to help them get
into college and then they can take that
from there so you know that's what we're
hoping our kids can do we know our kids
can do that and we're going to keep the
infrastructure around them to make sure
that they can accomplish that right
that's not a cheap thing that you're
offering here it's about 41 million
dollars I think yeah commitment it is um
which is in total contrast to the role
you played in trainwreck so cheap in
that movie you played yourself but that
doesn't think yeah you know what I was
actually gonna pay for this interview I
left my wallet
left my wallet downstairs okay yeah yeah
yeah okay oh you just send it to the
offices so
like making people slip bills uh yeah
sometimes sometimes um that was it was
fun to be a part of that cast with a
great Amy Schumer and a great Bill Hader
Judd Apatow I mean unbelievable Vanessa
Bryant who's also a Cleveland girl too
so we had a lot of fun on set you know
but some of those some of those
instances in that movie is actually some
actuality about me all right well um
while we're on the subject of movies
Space Jam - well love - yeah love - and
there's been a lot of talks about it
obviously I have a great partnership
with Warner Brothers and they definitely
we're the ones who brought Spacey and
one which is which is incredible I think
Michael Jordan in the Looney Tunes they
did it unbelievable unbelievable thing
for not only for my childhood but so
many kids and so many people who
followed that franchise so you know
obviously we want to make sure that is
right we don't want to rush it we don't
want to do something that's not
authentic to the Space Jam branch so
hopefully we can get it right but they
you know right now we're stands you know
the Space Jam franchise is in great
place so on a more serious note um you
and your friends did an amazing thing at
the ESPYs talked a lot about some very
serious issues that a lot of people
quite frankly with huge endorsements
online just don't feel comfortable
talking about
why weren't you kind of afraid to speak
out about that um it's just a me I think
it's Who I am
and it's something I'm passionate about
and if it feels right if it feels right
to me then I believe it should be spoke
upon and I have so many different
avenues where I can do that to
uninterrupted through my social platform
and also the s wheels was a perfect
platform because it's the one day of the
year where all our fellow athletes get
together and in the same in the same
venue and to have a French Brotherhood
like I have a Chris Paul and Dwyane Wade
and Carmelo Anthony we use that platform
to voice our pain about the state of
America in the state how we see it today
and my particular point was about and
you know there's so it's okay to live
and it's okay to make an appearance but
I think it's more impactful to actually
get into our communities and get these
kids you know kid by kid and brick by
brick and Street by street family by
family and actually use our
infrastructure that we've built over our
careers and actually make an impact
because these kids look up to us as role
models and superheroes and father
figures and things of that nature so
that was my message so we just have a
couple minutes left but one thing I want
to talk to you about is I'm sure you
heard that Durant is joining the
warriors how did you learn that news and
went well I learned just like everyone
else you know through social media that
goes on the fourth of July when it
actually happened I was in my home in
Los Angeles actually preparing for a 4th
of July barbecue and you know when I saw
the news I was like wow that's that's I
think everyone had the wild thing you
know mine was no different from the
average person it doesn't know
basketball to the person who watches it
and covers it every day so and I think
it's all great for our league I mean our
league is a very competitive it's
continuing to grow and Adam silver has
done a great job picking up with baby
star and started and so it's pretty cool
so a lot of people didn't react maybe as
calmly as you might have to that news a
lot of fans had opinions about it
thought like stop right he's joining a
super stacked team do you better
understand now the reaction when you
join the heat from your fans well I
think um I think every decision is
different no I think my decision to
leave Cleveland to go to Miami and go
back is different from Kevin Durant
leaving okay seeing going to the
Warriors I think it's different from
Shaq leaving Orlando going to the Lakers
it's different from Michael retiring
coming back retiring coming back and
then going to the Wizards so I think
every decision is different it is how
much you have invested in that player I
guess or how much you feel for that
player is how you gonna react so
everyone is different
did any other teams have a chance of
getting me back then or was it just
Clevelander Miami uh no there were a few
things and I've mentioned before that
I look strongly at Chicago at the time
and you know I gave you know some
thought to the Knicks and into the Nets
at the time is where I met with those
two teams also met with the Clippers
back to em but it ultimately came down
to me either staying home or going to
Miami once I knew that you know I needed
a partner with some great players to get
past Boston and Boston was the team with
Kevin Garnett and Ray Allen and Paul
Pierce or Asia and Rondo I knew they had
to get better with talent and Dwyane
Wade and Chris Bosh kind of fit that
mode switching gears a little bit I
don't know if you've read this or not
but Michael Phelps was apparently eating
something like 12,000 calories before
the Beijing Olympics the guy I'm not
kidding he would eat like a fully
stacked X and we're both omelets like oh
my god yeah I want to eat anymore
you do that what no no I do not do that
before a competition for me will be like
a chicken breast and maybe a little
pasta because you know the carbs help
cuz you're gonna go out and play a lot
of minutes things then nature but
Salamis and veggies will have me
perfectly fine and before the game I may
have like a protein shake and some fruit
and I'll be ready to go but as far as
pies of pizza and sandwiches and French
I can't I wait for that after the game I
can't do that before tea and how about
your workout schedule I know you say
you're waking up at 5:00 a.m. still even
though you're supposed to be resting
right I know I can't arrest I try but my
record workout regimen is pretty much
five times a week five times a week
every day and it goes varies sometimes I
stay at home and work out sometimes I'll
go to actual class I've been to like
bursted climber classes or spinning
classes or you know I do Pilates as well
so it kind of varies depending on how
I'm feeling and it's not the same for
other season I would assume you do like
free day workouts um yeah well during
the season you know we playing
basketball every single day and we're
working on our bodies every day so I
don't get an opportunity to do the
classes as much because we're doing a
lot of traveling and things of that
nature but um you know my workout
regimen is pretty consistent as well as
mostly seven days a week you know during
the season because we will play games on
the weekend as well and I'm just a
leadership question
you're obviously a great leader both
off the court for people of Akron for
all Cleveland for your team picking them
up from that 3-1 deficit how do you do
it how do you how can someone be a
leader like you um well I think you have
to accept accept it I think some people
were born with it but some people
learning as well and you know for me as
the leader of our franchise and the
leader of my household and a leader of
so many you know different different
things I think it's the confidence but
it's also in practicing what you preach
I'm not a guy who just talks about I
actually go out and do it as well from a
basketball perspective or from a from a
leadership perspective or my kids in my
foundation you know we have a promise
initiative where they promised me that
they will go to school there with city
teachers they'd be great to their
classmates and I promise them that I
will continue to be a great role model a
father figure for them and not let those
guys down so I take that responsibility
and I don't just talk about I actually
do it as well so we were able to come
through on your word it allows the guys
that you're leading male or female to be
able to say okay we can follow this
person because he won't let us down no
matter if it's matter if it's going good
or bad you know every day is not a bed
of roses we understand that and you have
to be able to handle adversity as well
great well thank you so much
thanks so much fun thank you is there
anything else that you wanted to talk
about that uh I am fantastic I mean I am
I'm happy in the position I'm in and to
be able to give back to my community to
my foundation I think that's wonderful
to be able to have dreams as a kid to
you know be a part of a production
company and do shows like we're doing
now with Spring Hill entertainment
Spring Hill is great I have I have a
beautiful family and I'm healthy so
great awesome
I'm talking to you it's better than hey
I feel like my life couldn't get better
I will get what's better than that
