what are some of the foods that you
might need to stay away from or some
foods that might help you keep the stain
off your teeth coffee red wine and tea
any liquid or food that'll stain a white
shirt could stain your teeth
these stain molecules adhere to that
biofilm that bacterial film on your
teeth and that's where the stain starts
forming there are foods that act as
exfoliators almost like skin exfoliate
errs
which are foods that are fibrous in
nature an apple has a great impact on
removing the stain off your teeth so
green leafy vegetables fruits and
vegetables the other types of food
opposite to alkalinizing is the
acidifying foods meat all fish anything
high-protein will lower the pH in the
mouth and again we create an environment
for more of these pathogenic or bad
bacteria to thrive so removing stain in
your mouth off of your teeth and
improving the health of your mouth by
raising the pH can all be done by eating
properly and understanding the balance
between alkalinizing higher ph foods
versus acidifying lower ph foods that'll
keep that bacterial balance in check
