you slowly make your way to the top of
that first towering hill on your
favorite roller coaster your heart is
racing because you know what's next
as you plunge I feel dizzy and
weightless like you're defying the laws
of gravity but it's gravity that causes
you to feel that way normally the force
of gravity pulls you toward the Earth's
center but the ground pushes back
keeping you in place feel this is weight
when you're freefall there's nothing to
push against jeepers as a result you
feel a sensation of weightlessness
astronauts experience the same effect in
space as the space station orbits earth
our planets gravity pulls it towards the
center but the station is moving fast
enough that instead of falling down to
the surface it falls around the planet
this keeps it in orbit astronauts on the
space station are falling along with it
so the next time you're screaming down a
coaster ride just remember you're
getting a small taste of what it's like
in space
