if Donald Trump was to drop out tomorrow
Mike Pence would not automatically
become the Republican nominee one of two
scenarios could unfold on the one hand
Republicans have the option of actually
weakened meaning the Republican National
Convention they would probably go with
her other option which is to allow the
168 members of the Republican National
Committee to sit down and actually
select a nominee themself now to do that
they would have to reach a majority vote
there's still quite a few deadlines with
a certification to have already passed
so his name would basically already be
on the ballot on in order to get that
change the Republican National Committee
would have to probably work through the
course or they would have to ask
election officials in these days to be
willing to change the ballots we've
never really seen this before in a
presidential race so it could get really
really complicated it gets even more
complicated if Trump was to drop out and
say October because at that point early
voting is already rolling away in a
whole bunch of different states and it's
not really it couldn't name off the
ballot in a lot of eases so what we
probably happen to look at then is
looking at the individual rules and laws
the states have on Cuvier electors in
the electoral college and so forth so a
Trump what to win the election on
November 8th and drop out on November
9th we actually do have a constitutional
mechanism in place to deal with those
types of situations which is laid out
the 20th amendment in that case might
and would then become
the president-elect in the Nervii Akasa
- so I couldn't vice president that
situation is actually what it is simpler
and then if you was to drop out as a
newcomer seventh to aura sometime before
November
