in 2008 biologists Mark Denny of
Stanford set out to determine the
maximum speed human beings could run
humans keep getting faster due to
advances in training and through
evolution but according to Denny for any
distance a species will eventually reach
its limits he looked at the annual
maximum speed humans have run different
distances over time by recording the
single best time in an official race
each year
Denny asserts that these values should
conform to a distribution that has a
defined absolute maximal value this
chart shows the top recorded speed each
year for the 400-meter race going back
to the 1900s based on Denny's models the
maximum achievable speed for the
400-meter race is nine point three six
meters per second which corresponds to
crossing the finish line at forty two
point seventy three seconds Wade van
niekirk of South Africa set a new world
record when he won the Golden Rio
finishing the 400 meter race and only 43
point zero three seconds only three
tenths of a second slower than Denny's
prediction for the fastest human could
possibly finish this race for the
100-meter denny predicted the best
possible time would be nine point four
eight seconds which equates to a speed
of ten point five five meters per second
a year after the study was published
Usain Bolt beat his previous world
record by running the 100-meter in nine
point five eight seconds only one-tenth
of a second slower than the fastest
human time imaginable according to
Denny's analysis in Rio he won gold but
did not set a new world record
finishing in 9.81 seconds
