well very sadly research is now showing
that being a mother is a greater
determinant of wage inequality than
gender is I think in part because
culturally it falls upon us to
predominantly care for our children
whether we're married or obviously a
four single so we're managing our homes
and increasingly we're also in the
workforce we represent 47% of the US
labor force so almost half of it and
women are the primary breadwinners in
40% of American households so I think
we're at this point where we're doing a
lot and a Lots falling upon us and we
need support and we need relief and one
of the things that I'm very excited for
is a policy plan that my father's
campaign is going to be rolling out
shortly to articulate exactly what he
would do to address issues predominantly
wage inequality in America and proposals
specific to to child care as well
