sure but do you agree with with your
friend carl icahn that that you made a
mistake you'll have to define what its
mistake blends I mean we're not here to
talk about that we're here to talk about
economics and and we're here to talk
about finance and we're here to talk
about our infrastructure but it's been
put to bed for a long time and I don't
think there's any reason for you to
reopen it let me ask you have you even
read the United States Constitution I
will
I would gladly lend you my coffee his
wife if you look at his wife she was
standing there she had nothing to say
she probably maybe she wasn't allowed to
have anything to say you tell me you
have sacrificed nothing and no one I've
created thousands and thousands of jobs
tens of thousands of jobs built great
structures those are sacrifices oh sure
I think they're sacrificing
