the culture is really about empowering
people the same way we want to empower
consumers and power our merchant
partners we want to empower employees
and we've come up with you know three
core values that in trust transparency
and fairness that we want to live in a
way that no other company does like on
the transparency front we've created a
mobile app that basically gives everyone
in the company you know near real-time
access to all the financial information
and everything that's going on we shared
the board decks openly online I give the
board presentation to the entire company
every quarter so really believe that
information is empowering and so really
China - trying to replicate as best as
possible the early startup culture where
everyone knows that everything else that
everyone else is doing and what's going
on and how you've connected to the to
the bigger vision I think that gets lost
this company scale and so we're really
focused on trying to try to maintain
that we don't have a lot of like you
know agreements to sign non solicit
agreements and non-compete and things we
don't really ask people to sign that
stuff the salaries again a fair and
transparent so everyone at the same
level in the company makes the same comp
across departments and you know that
that's been I think looked at really
well for us because I think a lot of
times in companies you have somebody
who's sort of working hard head down and
you know they're not going to complain
and they wind up getting a worse raise
or less likely to get a promotion than
the person that's you know the squeaky
wheel that's basically complaining and
not happy and that doesn't seem fair and
so you know the lens that we use is
basically we look at everybody at the
same level and say they're all getting
paid the same they're all the same level
is this right and we're constantly
asking ourselves is this right if
somebody we think should be at a
different level then we make it happen
and we've had occasions even where you
know we've promoted people before they
even started because we realized we made
a mistake and that's kind of the way you
have to think about it it's like did we
make did we get this right
