this is intelligent investing presented
by fidelity investments one of the
things we keep hearing from analysts and
economists is the synchronized economic
growth all over the world this growth
has supported global stocks over the
past two years and according to a recent
note from fidelity all the world's major
economies are in expansion right now
though some of them are in later stages
like the u.s. traditionally emerging
market stocks have benefited from the US
is late cycle phase which generally
means inflationary pressures and rising
commodity prices because historically
commodity linked companies made up
twenty to thirty percent of the emerging
market index but over the past five
years tech companies have become
increasingly important in emerging
markets particularly in China tech
stocks now make up 28% of the emerging
markets index twice as much as commodity
linked companies in the energy and
material sectors so don't necessarily
expect emerging markets to benefit as
much as they have in the past when the
US has moved into the late phase of its
expansion but fidelity says it's still
constructive undeveloped and emerging
market stocks relative to the u.s.
valuations are a good indicator of
long-term returns and in that sense
international equity valuations look
much more promising than the US
this chart shows valuations measured by
the ratio of price to peak earnings over
the past five years u.s. valuations are
at the high end compared to other
countries and compared to the average
for developed markets and the overall
measure for emerging markets which is
even lower so while international stocks
beat US stocks in 2017 for the first
time in five years you may not have
entirely missed out it seems there was a
good case to be made for international
stocks going forward but keep in mind
that emerging market equities are
different than they used to be and of
course expect more volatility everywhere
as global inflation risk Rises
you
you
