we and Amazon killer I mean the markets
massive it's a trillion-dollar market in
ten years three hundred billion a day
plenty of room for many players and
again we're not the ones you know
competing direct with Amazon and Walmart
these big players it's really our
merchants partners that are competing
and we're just enabling them to compete
in a better more efficient way not
really there's there's no marketplace
that currently exists and quite the way
we've structured it so I think we're
really focused on on being super brand
and retailer friendly I think that's
probably one of the biggest differences
you know we don't compete with our
merchants retail partners sharing
customer information sharing sales
information empowering them be the rules
engine to create profit borders like
those that those are the big differences
I think we're also really investing
heavily in customer service and
basically we're the customer service
across all the merchant partners which
is unique we have one common ship
minimum one common return policy across
all merchants that makes it very
different
