hi guys thanks for joining us I'm here
with the moto bag looks like a suitcase
with wheels on it pretty ordinary right
but it actually has a little motor right
see this
I can go forwards take you anywhere you
want to go
I've got Tim here then is the head of
marketing for moto back and he's gonna
kind of tell you a little bit more about
it while I just in general Joyride
so Tim I'm gonna hand it over here great
great great we'll have plenty of
questions great
thanks David so Lona bag we're out to
change the way the world travels with
motive ang got the idea from one of the
founders Kevin who is walking through
the airport with a group of kids who
were climbing on his bags timing on his
back and he thought gosh wouldn't it be
easy if I could motorized luggage so he
got together with one of his college
buddies and the idea of moto bag was was
born so one bag is designed to get you
from point A to point B three times
faster than the average walking speed
it's great for the savvy traveler the
on-the-go business professional college
students and large college campuses and
just even urban day trippers
really it combines the functionality of
luggage with the innovation of portable
transport ability so it's really you
know kind of a new concept in in luggage
it takes it to a whole new level so I
think that a lot of a question that a
lot of people would want to know
is how much space is left in guys right
after you have the motor and everything
inside so a great question
so it's carry-on it's a carry-on piece
of luggage
it holds 85% of the stowage space that
you'll find in a typical carry-on
suitcase so you know it is not you know
what you would go on a trip around the
world on or with but it certainly is
you know intended for any weekend
overnight an urban date trip there's a
lot of space in its stowage compartment
and not just your you know your personal
items or your your shoes and your
clothes but the bag includes space for
your spark devices your a laptop
computer your tablet your phone there's
two USB ports on the on the moto bag so
you can you're never caught without not
having a place to to charge your
electronic devices it's about 19
was empty
it's capacity oh yeah if you want to
show
yeah so see here this is just like a
typical suitcase right so this is
actually used for a trip today and it's
got you know room there's room for much
more in here than what's already there
so 85% of your storage space from the
typical Terrien carry-on is is
maintained in moto bag and yet you know
it's adding in just that other 15% of
space it's adding all the other
component parts the steering column the
the electrical outlets obviously the
battery-powered
it is TSA and FAA compliance so rather
than just build the products and hope
that it would it would meet the demands
of TSA and FAA we actually engage them
and got their input early in the process
to make sure that it is you know it is
it is compliant it has been around the
u.s. multiple times in various airports
here in New York and LaGuardia and JFK
Newark Chicago our home base Los Angeles
Las Vegas we were in Heathrow London
Heathrow about a week ago
it's not called Sweden so we have not
had any problems traveling with the
motor bag thus far yam you mentioned to
me that's got an inside top speed in and
out so it does there's there's two
speeds there's two settings on the motor
bag there's an indoor and outdoors
setting the endorse setting goes out at
about 6 miles per hour the outdoor
setting
miles per hour obviously you don't have
to be going full-throttle
the whole time it's up to you know the
environment that you find yourself in
whether it's a crowded Airport terminal
or an open park last Friday a group of
us took our moto bags out to Central
Park and had an urban day trip of about
four hours which was great just cruising
through Central Park amidst the
carriages and the rickshaws and the
bicyclists and the runners it was a
great great fun last weekend and in
Central Park
why don't we get David over here and you
can show us kind of how we how we set it
up and how we take it yeah let's show
that be great hey David David spin over
here we'll show you the ease with which
you can get going as you mentioned so
you know it's powered by a lithium
battery that is really the safest and
most advanced lithium style battery for
consumer use it meets all requirements
by the UN on travel authorities the
lithium battery that is in this it's
called a nano crystal technology it's
the same type of a technology that's
used by Porsche
so anyway motivate it's you know this
it's in its ride position now and you
can easily tear it down tear it down and
we'll go build it back up so here's
motor back looks almost like any other
typical piece of luggage you can carry
it behind just like the
food straight you put that
but thanks
pull up the steering
lock it in place
it's going much faster he's much more
experienced than I am or experience is
that easy because it's snow and this is
easily
away you go so we're changing the way
the world travels lota back it's the
most exciting thing to happen to luggage
we think since the wheelies were
introduced in the 1970s
it certainly is earlier but like the
different iterations that you guys have
because I know you probably just didn't
wake up one day and suddenly now
only that easy right so it has gone
through several different revelations
revolutions
and prototypes this is one of the couple
of prototypes we presently have going
which feels leave the testing out
Brandon you'll see
as well just to absorb the various
surfaces that your motive act might come
kind
I've been adding you know
tolerance to the motor bag there's also
on the feature there's a global tracking
device that can be an add-on feature
here for the bag so you can on track the
bank globally wherever you are
even if you're motivated
with the travel device you'll actually
be clear
come here I kind of want to just you
because I know you're talking about some
of those are features on the dashboard a
little bit earlier there's what are
these there's two buttons which makes
the display really
right so yeah there you have it on the
opposition okay here we're on that
illuminates the the display panel again
so it's you know it's a kind of save
battery by a little bit here's the the
two USB ports and then you know this is
just this is it looks like any other
charger the battery will last for a
range of up to eight miles
is at no charge
just plug it into the wall shed within
15 minutes you're back to 85 percent of
your full charge and it's charged
completely within about 45 minutes oh
really
another thing is this is the this is
indoor and outdoor not on and off like
you so we even we have it on the indoor
setting even though we're outside just
to be conservative I guess with the
speed so we don't okay we don't crash
because I'm not super experienced with
this thing we have a Facebook user who
wants to know how heavy it is heavy a
good question so bloodbag is checks in
without contents at just around 18 18
and a half pounds so you know you've got
still four check on checking purposes
you've got a good you know you go up to
the threshold but it really is no once
you put your personal belongings in it
it is no heavier really than your
typical you know carry-on might be it
all depends on how heavy the items are
gotcha that's a good question
I mean I was pulling it around before
and it feels like yeah right it's in the
overhead bins I mean it's it's it's
designed and it's patent designed it
fits nicely into the overhead bins and
if you you know you have those little
things at the gates when you go on a
flight to make sure that your luggage
fits its parameters it fits snugly and
perfectly right into that we have
another question what is the weight well
sue there is no weight limits really
other than what you'd have with your
typical piece of luggage you know if you
were if you can carry it on it can be
presumably as heavy as you want it to be
or if an individual airline has me
weight requirements and you know if you
check it and it's over 50 pounds you'll
be subject to whatever additional fees
various Airlines now and it's dimensions
the dimensions again of our standard the
same as a standard defeat the carry on
luggage I think it's like 22 by 14 by 9
gotcha gotcha
does it come in any different sizes or
is it just my size 4 for now for now
yeah
this went to markets and
see how it goes so one size standard TSA
dimensions for a carry-on right
another good question so we're currently
on IndieGoGo which is you know it's a
site that's kind of redefining
entrepreneurship just like we think
they're redefining the way people are
traveling so it's it it's great to
partner with IndieGoGo we went out on a
quick hit campaign with them last week
to raise just $50,000 was our goal and
we met that goal within 36 hours of
going live and now we're now at over 400
and I think 61% over our goal we've
raised I think it is about two hundred
sixty eight thousand hundred thousand
two hundred six hundred amazing
and in the process we've got some just
great consumer feedback as well which is
you know something that we're always
looking at is to
experience it so we can make it better I
mean this is a great product certainty
for people who absolutely dread going to
the airport yes I know I do
especially when I go with lots yeah yeah
but again we talked about earlier so
it's certainly for you know going to the
airport but it's also great if you are
if you tend to a lot of trade shows so
if you are at the Javits Center and a
big trade show or you're in Las Vegas at
a huge convention center the moto bag is
a great way to get around a big
cavernous area so you are in a big
office complex it's a great way to get
around the office as well we had one
individual test drive it recently as a
mail delivery surface as service within
a large corporate setting they put mail
in the sewage compartment and went
around at the various departments at the
same time for sure
awesome very very cool we have another
person once you know what is what is the
weight limit per person
another great question so the the models
we have will accommodate an individual
up to 260 pounds and that's what we have
we have set for our for our recommended
weights but you could conceivably go
over that a little bit but two sixties
will
right do you think later models might
might be able to disobey I mean well
certainly again we'll continue to take
the input from consumers just to see
really you know what the demand is and
what the input is and if there's a way
for us to make you know moto bag bigger
better badder we certainly will do
everything we can to do that nobody
thank David a lot of fun I was thinking
about switching to the outdoor mode
get this surface that is rough
the surface is a little rough board but
I I was every now and then half and
you'll find I mean you know eight miles
an hour's faster than feeling right it
might not sound real fast but it is you
can move on
yeah well I'm a runner I don't know if I
run the beat miles an hour
yeah well this reminded me kind of I
know it's not a hoverboard and I know
how boards are are banned but on flights
by
right so tonight gets back to you know
the the lithium battery technology that
we talked about earlier this is well
below the
requirements by the human travel
authorities for
the battery device
far exceeds requirements in white
you know it is not a it's not scooter it
is not a hoverboard it's not a
skateboard
it really is a it's a personal mobility
it's almost like a micro vehicle in many
ways right
and you know the key at the end of the
day is to know that it's also functional
it is a hell of a lot of fun there's no
question about it to be riding it but
you know the great thing about motivate
is it comes it combines function and fun
yes absolutely no and for more
information you know you can you can
check out moto bag calm that's plenty of
information about mona bag and you can
also link over to our indiegogo campaign
at moto bag bomb as well well thank you
so much you guys for giving it a whirl
today I greatly appreciate it okay
YouTube it's again guys this is this is
the moto bag map that wraps up our shoot
I think I'm going to just ride off into
the sunset and I'll see you guys later
