morning my name is Nick Kappa DJ I work
in the Education Department the Lower
East Side Tenement Museum and what we're
going to give you today is a bit of a
behind-the-scenes view of our
institution our museum and 97 Orchard
Street
have a good look he's built in 1863 it
looks a lot like all the other tenements
on the block but this one is unique in
the nation actually this building was
built in 1863 during the Lincoln
administration but what makes it special
is it was condemned in 1935 nobody has
lived in this building since 1935
it was undiscovered until about 1988
when our museum founders found this
building uninhabited for 53 years
mom what we do is we give tours of this
building and we tell people the history
of who just happened to live in it
we estimate between 1863 and 1935 about
7,000 people lived in this building
same time over but it's still very
crowded but I'm going to show you a
couple of the spaces and we'll begin
with the hallway this is how we
discovered it in 1988 very little has
changed
past these mailboxes here
I have a huge fan of the mailbox sits
around mailing them actually from from
the 1920s the 1930 it's crazy
I'll show you a piece of mail later this
is the whole come on what do you think
it's incredible I didn't I was not
expecting this how so this is basically
exactly how it was found yep with a very
few here I'll show you some of the
things we did so these are round Dells
they beautiful murals when we open
discover the building it looked like
this one behind you day okay all covered
in black soot but we scrubbed up the
medallion on this side we found these
paintings hidden underneath that's crazy
yeah so we're I mean it's it's kind of
ornate ornate right yeah yeah and I kind
of what we were talking about earlier is
like Harmons used to be for lower-income
people it seems the ornate for so you
know what does this tell you this
somebody call it a tenement or we like
to you know we ask a lot of questions we
get asked we love getting asked
questions but notions of duty and what's
affordable but these people cared about
their homes they jovan decorate ceilings
made of pressed metal this wall covering
is actually burlap cloth shellacked and
linseed oil but i want to actually give
you I want to show you what it looked
like for the first 12 40 years okay from
18 cigarette tree until about 1905 sure
and we're gonna have to pretend that
there's no windows and either of these
doors okay they were solid wood so here
we home county alright it was like this
for years
pitch all these light bulbs we done
screw right uh turd darkness until gas
light was on along tonight
fine this building that's this right
yeah there's gas Jetson you that you
live in New York you might give me these
little pipes coming on right wall see
these are these gas jets were mandated
by law on 1905 okay there should be no
plumbing in the building until 1905 so
you had outhouses picture how four
outhouses in the rear yard the 1900
census had 111 people living in this
building sharing and a water spout
one source of clean water in the
backyard so there's no indoor climbing
whatsoever there's like there wasn't
until 1905 and you know that's kind of a
very special year because there was a
law passed in 1901 called the tenement
house Act which forced landlords to put
basic amenities in these temperatures
you can imagine the landlord's opinions
about this but this was due to the
progressive movement this is these are
women and men fighting to get conditions
improve Randy's tenement buildings this
is the oldest thing in the building the
Bannister we like to have all tors touch
it you can touch it this is the one
thing you can touch it's mahogany it's
in great shape
all 7,000 people who lived here touched
it at some point did your ancestors come
to New York I'm actually not sure sure I
don't know yeah yeah this was like a
first home for for a lot of people yeah
what we do is you know we study the
stories of newcomers why did they come
what did they find here what did they do
and how do they make us who we are as a
nation
I know if you can relate that to 2016
more than I want to show you take from
that what you will I take it really take
what you will but the first space I want
to show you is we call it our ruin
like you know like the pyramids of giza
but ours is a Bandhan tenement apartment
it's how we discovered it it's got about
20 layers of wallpaper 40 layers of
paint Wow
and that's where all our tours start
so come on so in what this this whole
place was just completely abandoned for
years and years and years and years
there were two storefronts here where I
remained open and there were stores in
the basement but above here untouched
Wow
here we are head over there you can
check that out
so if you're just joining us we're in
the tenement Museum in New York this is
a old apartment building that was
discovered it was abandoned
lannigan condemned in 1935 and
rediscovered in 1988 it's almost like an
architecture very like a like a dig sign
yeah that's a wonderful way to put it
so we have a book actually book grave on
my desk that has all 22 layers of
wallpaper around these walls and you
study those to understand fashion going
all the way to the early paint going all
the way to the brick for the plaster and
lath at the 1860s Lincoln administration
and if you look the minute may be hard
to see but just layers and layers of
wallpaper layers of history layers of
newcomers and if we recreate an
apartment we recreate the wallpaper we
find here okay could we create the paint
so we study the building to teach us
about the people right but more
interesting than the history of the
building to me is the stories of the
people who happen to live here they only
tell stories of real people who just so
happen to live at this address
so um and it's we research them
obsessively usage you know city
directories study the census birth
certificates death certificates then we
can connect like ship manifests anything
we could get our hands on to the tenets
of this building and we tell them full
of bizarre complications would you like
to see a restored apartment yeah yeah
that would be amazing we're going to
actually I'll show you the layout of the
space this is a living room okay oh the
kitchen and this is the grand master
bedroom
I'm gonna guess not too different size
maybe from your face yeah about the same
same size of my apartment but it's just
me and my wife in are very loud son but
um the average family capacity for this
apartment and 1,900 deep between about
six and seven people that I'm an
apartment this big just trying to get a
shot of how small I really for people
not look again in New York I mean that's
the great that's that's you know because
our tours have a max you can maximum 15
people on a tour right we don't let you
can't just wander around in our building
because
maybe it's not safe to go alone but it's
also because the tour is the story right
the people who lived here and it's sort
of a personal special experience to go
on yeah
but we're going to go to the 1860s okay
to a woman who came to America when she
was 22 from Germany
this is Natalie gun princes apartment so
we're stepping into another apartment
we can give you an idea of add a mile
today if we close this door the darkness
right the heat in the summertime oh yeah
an apartment like this pretend that that
is not
yeah the fan this is this is a
regrettably a necessity on things like
today when it gets over eighty we turned
the fan right but this is back when this
neighborhood wasn't known as the Lower
East Side
does anybody should be called kinda
light oh yeah little German too many
gentlemen know well maybe I don't shoot
I have a red beard I don't know I'm
definitely Swedish but the rest is kind
of a mystery like I'm sure yeah a lot of
Americans are well the German more
Germans came to the United States in the
20th 19th century than any other
immigrant group a ton of them came here
little Germany first instance of a
non-english speaking immigrant Enclave
in US history this is the typology for
every Chinatown in REO Bangladesh 726
beer saloons in this neighborhood in
1872 and Nataly Gompers who lived here
she is she was a German Jew who came to
America when she was 22 years old and
she shows up on the census right these
are our best friends but we always we
always share with their visitors how we
know but we know how do we know who
lived here what do they do for work how
much money did they
and Natalie and Julius lived here and
had two kids Rosa a nanny I wish I had
two more so picture mom and dad and four
kids whooping it up but the point we try
to get people to understand Natalie came
to America when immigration was pretty
much unrestricted right buddy you know
could come here we didn't have any very
minimal process sure we were a big
country we needed people yeah
and they lived here when the greatest so
far depression of the US had the great
panic of 1873 okay
unemployment skyrocketed to 25 percent
desperate for work and then you had a
nation super high unemployment very low
immigration restrictions you need to see
how history sort of affects all right
but the personal story is one morning in
1874 Julius comforts her husband went to
work at a shoe factory on day Street he
was never heard from again
leaving mom for kids in the building
full of Germans no income so we try to
figure out how did she get by right time
so could she turn to what was it what
was available to her in 1870s 1880s
survived
and you can come into the parlor
this is an apartment living room
converted into a dress shop
oh wow because she never survived she
actually became a dressmaker Wow the
1880s is 1870 census she's just keeping
her house and in the 1880 census she's a
dressmaker there's three daughters the
son her son passed away a year after the
father disappeared
so there's sad parts in these stores
yeah that's happy right since re-explore
yeah it's an amazing I mean talk about
gumption I guess yeah no really this is
this is a thing we know you know these
people who came why did they come I
don't know if I would have you know I
came here from New Hampshire one one
years old you moved here from Portland
from Portland VII that's a big move
that's a that's got gumption right yeah
imagine being going to a single woman
without your parents coming on a boat to
the US what kind of person does that
what kind of person sacrifices
everything they know to roll the dice in
the new land well people like Natalie oh
and we conclude the tour I'm going to
leave out all the juicy parts of the
tour okay some pretty you have some
really cool stuff you have to come in
person to see that I guess so but uh I
do want to show you a photograph of
Natalie Gompers she is she this is the
one photograph we have of her did she
live in New York all her life she did
she was actually able to get out of this
neighborhood due to a rather bizarre
sequence of events she was able to she
passed away in her late 50s but she was
able to move out of the Lower East Side
is this her smaller no that's her
daughter oh wow this is her lineage yeah
and then her granddaughter and then it
continues all the way to her
great-great-great grandchildren who you
know moved up the descendants living all
across the house they visited here some
have yes hello
at under the Borgias grateful were so
grateful to the descendants of
lift right that they're willing to share
these stories with us that would be
amazing to come back here income but I
wanted to also show you an apartment of
a different tour
it's called their sweatshop workers to
her okay co-op to Eastern European
Jewish families who lived in the
building around the turn of the century
who both worked in the garment industry
and it's about the contrast in their
lives and how they observe their faith
their religion right in the home and at
work okay yeah great now let's check it
out
so a parlor what's the difference
between a parlor and a living room is
there's it'sit's a changeable between a
violin and a fiddle okay that's right to
one you do man a haversack and when you
are keeping a case but parlor is just
it's also sometimes called the nice room
huh but when you look at his face this
small a lot of people every build every
room is the bedroom alike right
every room is the kitchen during sure
fire escapes and on a day like today
take a snooze on the fire yeah go to
Central Park so we're saying right you
make it work yeah so this is the 1870s
we're going to go forward in time 27
years to 1897 okay
Oh before we go I do have to show you
one cool yeah of course because we saw
the mailboxes now so this is another
Bruin space this is where we start a lot
of our stories these are artifacts that
we found in this building
pieced together stories based on what we
found
did you notice the shoe this is it's not
a Auto library card my god a card your
toes it's even worse it's something with
which maybe you and I are familiar it's
an overdue library book notice oh hang
on that in the mailbox from 1929 Sylvia
Katz checked out a book on it's called
Israel and what we did is we contact the
New York Public Library and they were
able to find ISBN numbers Wow it's great
so Sylvia Katz checked out a book about
Jewish people and she never returned it
at night why not
so you know on a tour will show you
stuff like this but then we find stuff
like this and taking the New York City
subway you've seen this is a leaflet
flyer okay it says learn English quick
it's in ghetto
it's an ad to learn English you could go
across the victim bridge to Williamsburg
who take an English class right so we've
got newcomers working in the garment
industry working six-day weeks right
some people who have enough money we
have enough time I don't have big
families can go across the bridge and
take an English class but the odds of
you being able to do that frankly are
slim but contrast that to these
children's these these people's kids who
are checking out books of the library in
English to learn about Jewish people to
learn about their parents and where they
came from so what's the difference
between is just around the same time it
is around the same time it's around the
turn of the century yeah I mean this is
a little later this is about 15 years
later I see so this is the difference of
a generation yeah okay and you can see
it in photos you know this is
photo of the street where we were just
hanging out outside 1898 most crowded
place in New York
perhaps the planet historians are still
arguing because but it was modern-day
Mumbai population magazine but if you
explore these old photos you see people
dressed like they would have dressed
back in the old country suitable
adapting to America at the same time
it's it's an array there's different
ways at the time of America just like
the Yiddish just like the library but we
recreated the apartment of guided Harris
Levine who was a dressmaker who lived
here right and we were able to get
photographs of some of these designers
so I'll show you all right yeah love the
no lien here man just scraping back the
layers yes this is so I love this this
is yellowing was this was like this was
a top layer that we found and then
assertive been a little bit under this
greenish one there it's almost like
1970s yeah well they used to call no
Liam the rug you can mop the washable
rub huh it was considered quite clean
because you could read wash it's
supposed to a carpet you didn't have a
good vacuum yeah
I look now
it was always worn out around the sink
it's people with that's all yeah
standing there so this is a recreation
of a dress factor and people would have
these in their apartments like a kind of
breast what do you think of as a factory
why do you think of the word weep we
call the tourist fist or sweatshop
workers right you think of a sweatshop
you can imagine huge factory these
factory rows and machines - crouched
over initially this block teeny block
that we were on had 23 garment factories
on 70% of women's clothes in America
made here in New York most sane shops
like this people Saunders Harris is one
of those people and this is his best
factory
so this is kind of this was the fashion
of the time this was yeah this we
recreated this dress based on uh on a
fashion magazine you know from the era
this is November 1897
Paris is a ladies tailor and he makes
dresses this is the pinnacle of when
this neighborhood was the center of the
garment industry right okay we found an
old inspection fitting law inspection
report of his Factory and he had three
employees in addition to himself working
it's a small operation it is it is but
they weren't his family I looking at mom
dad five kids three extra employees
sometimes four working here making
dresses
I do not envy them I do not envy the
woman that would have to wear something
like that on a day like today well just
like this you could buy for about $10 at
Macy's these are dresses for Macy's and
Bloomingdale's
oh really Ron yeah these weren't for
these were for dresses for the nation
right you know all the dresses in
America shops like these
that's incredible Harris Levine and his
wife Jenny would not wear a dress like
this does this rent for this apartment
without $12 right $10 dress it's not
your comfort right yeah but what we
found in that same inspection report is
that Harris worked everybody at this
time in America worked a six-day work
week Monday through Saturday and at
Sunday off yeah but when you have
Eastern European Jewish migration to
America is Sabbath for them Saturday
mm-hmm so what are they going to do they
could break the Sabbath and work on
Saturday I know just what business
owners in your expect you can do right
or if you worked for another Jewish guy
or G woman then you could keep the same
so he had said on his report that he
worked on Sunday instead of Saturday and
this neighborhood would shut down for
Friday night that's a foot treadle
sewing machine beautiful thing so all
the and you know even down to the tools
everything is is down to go I sourced
from the era that we have a lovely Club
we have a bunch of collection without a
bunch of collections man about a couple
one young lady travels the country
looking for stuff that's historically
accurate to his apartment I imagine that
must be so difficult because Dora is
something you know like something from
the 1920s might look like something from
the 1918 80s and that's what I say to
her and she's like no no no yeah yeah
yeah it's fun in the wintertime in here
versus so cold here in the winter right
I think it's dark it like 3 p.m. in the
winter and just picturing these people
making dresses for uptown ladies and
shops like this yeah kerosene lamps just
trying to get but also you found in
factories like this you work with people
who would like you you know you've
worked with evil from your own hometown
Poland Wow
Lithuania or something like that so it's
these little United Nations like these
little Enclave so we have launched
Poland's tell the Galicia you know all
these little
I'll show you the kitchen time so we
recreate this space for when genu living
was eight and a half months pregnant
with a third kid it's a picture being
you know I meant in this face mmm no
running water in the building yet you
gotta go down three flights of stairs
yes I do have one question I was just
wondering what the what these windows
are why why are there tendo's inside so
I'm looking at you through a call to
tubercular window right they weren't
originally built okay
they were actually required by that 1901
law that eventually dies they are sure
we had our textual evidence these were
put in a little earlier by perhaps a
benevolent landlord come out they left
like an air sweep through your apartment
okay so that's what they call the
tubercular window.event emergency
so it's like having a wall but you can
get the light not sure man that's so
they had the Levine family who lived
here had three daughters and I'd love to
show the three daughters
hey Ava Pauline this is in 1970 in Miami
Florida
the descendants of the Levine's know and
this is Harrison Jenny Levine before
they passed away they ended up they got
to walk the Williamsburg Bridge in 1905
moved to Brooklyn with their five kids
became a private tailor they got out of
here you know this story I'm not saying
it's a bad neighborhood but there was
mobility as we move forward to achieve
something right do you want to see one
last department course yeah I'll show
you just a sneak peek of the rover chef
ski so these hallways these are kind of
left as you guys known them have pressed
metal on the walls this is how it was in
the 30s 1930s where they're squatters
during that time do you know or I know
that there weren't because there were
stores downstairs right they chase that
they wouldn't you know you all kept
above a shop sure so in essence because
stores opened up downstairs that
preserved this building's the last
tenement preserved like this in the
country
it's a special thing to see and the
store owners just kind of left this they
didn't ever see your knowledge kind of
venture in and poke around any of you
viewers out there ever puts the Lower
East Side in the 1950s 60s it was a
different neighborhood yeah
dropping declining population due to
very restrictive immigrant immigration
quotas in the 1920s mmm which basically
said no more Eastern European Jews
allowed no more Italians allowed this
was from 1924 it's called the National
Origins Act and it was lifted in 1965
hmm LBJ 1965 lifted this race-based
immigration quota of the 1920s I'll just
show you briefly in his face before we
head out the back this is a roguish F
ski family mom and dad sleep here they
had six kids they had two girls and four
boys the four boys slept on the couch
Phillips Samuel Henry Morris and the
girls left in the kitchen on the bed we
know this Wow because Henry when he was
in his 90s told us where he and his
family slept he was able to be we're
able to interview this Jeff amazing
that's the way yeah if we're really
lucky we can get in touch with the
descendant or sometimes someone who
actually lived
to my knowledge there's one surviving
tenant of 97 inches right now
and he was able to kind of describe his
apartment at all chosen where he
remembered where he and his brother
slept and he remembered where his sister
slept and then we are able to contact
other people you know like the
grandchildren of these people who
remember these apartments or their
neighbors
we know this family had Italian
neighbors across the air shaft and one
of whom was a nine year old girl who
actually came back to our museum in the
1990s
extensive oral history of hers she's in
the hard times too it
she remembered coming into here to turn
on the lights for the rotary chef skis
on Sabbath on Shabbos oh because they
weren't ELISA we used electricity right
it's a mitzvah it's good luck yeah and
she loved it so we got a Sicilian
Catholic girl yeah excited to do this to
do something for this jewelry I mean
this is cities these are people crammed
up against each other and getting to
know each other sure
today's the last day of Ramadan if you
walk around New York tomorrow morning
you're going to see these feasts laid
out and you're going to see people not
sure what's going on but interview so
that's what I like about New York New
York still an immigrant City yeah
36 percent formed one and if you extend
that to the children like the burger
chefs mm-hmm
sixty-six percent in New York it's 106
percent and they're going to the same
things these families went through right
well on this tour we talked about the
kids the kids speaking English the kids
and the parents speaking Yiddish and the
mother passing down
traditions lighting the Sabbath candles
this is the Sabbath table
Friday night saying the prayer and that
still goes on to this day I mean there's
still those first generation kids who
are speaking English to their parents
and their parents yeah I don't want to
be glum but there's a great scholar
aesthetic quote that I've just never
forgotten which was America
is the graveyard of languages really
compressing a little baby no but I
wouldn't I had I'm an optimist right I
don't consider America the grave your
culture I think it is Japs here in this
nation sure but who knows what it adapts
into kind of adapts into it would me
right in here this is where it starts
this is where who we are sir
so we're not going to take you guys out
the back okay show you the previous and
I'll tell you about one last exciting
thing before we say goodbye
how're you doing great good yeah what's
goes on
here's Allen Street
this wasn't here we had to build this
fire exit
what would we be hearing instead of the
traffic that we're here oh well you'd
hear very little except the people
because what you'd be looking at is the
back of another row of tenements oh all
knocked down in the 30s to make Allen
Street a double wide to make it and also
there was an elevated train right over
there roaring overhead okay but and you
just hear humanity people in these
backyards most crowded place ever
you know 111 people for toilets and
every apartment building was another one
just like yeah people do all their
laundry people say lighting finish later
you hear Italian before that you hear
German after that you hear Spanish from
the Puerto Ricans come to New York in a
big way right then you hear Chinese in
the six
so these are the privies we thought
about these that are Irish outsiders
there's some Irish too maybe in you you
never know yeah lots of us yeah so this
we talk about being Irish and German
neighbourhood on that tour that's a
afford for we didn't go up there but the
pull line but these are the we recreated
these privies out of some gentleman had
a barn in upstate New York and we've
built the DES specifications of the era
and you have photos of these two as well
this is like basically actually the
photo I showed you earlier that to be to
be honest that's of a different
apartment below it's enough of a
historical record right we dug here we
have architectural evidence we found the
privy vault unless we found some stuff
in it hello
so I guess by way of anything I wanted
to tell you something very exciting most
exciting thing for through seven years
is on July 4 2017 we're gonna open our
new exhibit okay because this building
was closed in 35 no one's lived here
since then our story stops in 1935 right
that's frustrating to us because
immigration didn't stop it yeah above
our visitor center we're going to
recreate the apartment of a family who
came in the 1940s refugees from the
Holocaust survivors and adzuki camps
this was at a time when the United
States was not letting most people in
and President Truman signed an executive
order 45 to allow just a couple thousand
into the u.s. survivors from these camps
two of them lived right above our gift
shop we're going to recreate their
apartment it's also going to be the
family of a Puerto Rican family over
their 60s and 50s we've worked in the
garment industry and then that same
apartment Chinese family who lived
up until we talk about the decline of
the garment industry in Chinatown
in 2000
so we're finally bringing it up almost
yeah that's really and I wonder what you
know I could only speculate in 50 years
what what we're gonna be talking about
you know what what's new exhibit might
be opening up what would be let's say
you live in Brooklyn yeah so what's that
if we went forward in time 100 years
right 150 years
what would be the tenement museum 100
years would it be an apartment building
in Manhattan where are new immigrants
living in New York
Brooklyn Queens Queens sure that's the
new you know Manhattan is not the hotbed
and what was right but yeah Brooklyn
Queens and it's not just apartments it's
basements yeah
and it's further out New Hampshire New
Jersey yeah
and people are sharing apartments and
interesting ways as well - you know like
turning a living room into a bedroom
it's kind of full circle sadly enough
that really knows
yeah that's the sort of thing I love
where we'll be
we can you know not
how we learned about them
an awful awful
both how they dealt with things within
their own families how to review from
the outside
and it became
