I felt the spreadsheet yeah you're gonna
use it twice I had mixed feelings I
think it's a good little way to get your
body moving I wasn't really a fan I kind
of got get sick of it it was like
impossible to do it and concentrated
when I was doing it was pretty useless
to be completely honest I really like
that you can connect it to your phone
where you can track how long how fast
you're going how long you're going and
how many calories you're burning it's
not super economic for all Heights seem
like you got to have a desk where you
can like be doing this with your feet
but a lot of people don't
our office is freezing and I felt much
warmer using the Kyuubi I think if I had
used it all day or like for a week or
something I probably would have gotten
used to it and then not thought about it
and it would certainly be an improvement
I guess to sitting and doing nothing I
love the idea of not being completely
sedentary while you work 350 dollars for
a desk accessory is excessive sounds
like I could invest that money and a lot
of other things I mean I wouldn't pay
more than $100 for it to get this you
have to great to think like oh I'm too
busy to workouts no one's too busy to
workout and everyone who says it
wouldn't work out anyway
