the thing i love about this steph curry
shoe is that we listen to him he loves
white shoes so we made him a white shoe
and when people ask him about it you
know he says it's hot
so we always you know engage in an
iterative process with all of our
athletes and part of that is getting to
know them getting to know you know their
unmet needs and the product that they
have but also getting a sense for their
own personal style and one of the things
that has always been the case with steph
is he loves white shoes right and so
last year we made him a white shoe that
had a little bit of chrome on it and I
think you know what we always try and do
is give that athlete something that you
can really feel connected to and that's
our goal and that's our mission that's
what we always try and do and so I think
it's one of those things where when you
make product and you allow your
designers to listen to the athlete you
allow them to to basically swing for the
fence hopefully you're going to make
some product that some people love and
some people hate and that's just the way
it is
