dryer sheets are a staple in many homes
across the country we use them to keep
our clothes nice and soft and Static
free when we take them out of the dryer
but few of us realized those dryer
sheets aren't just for the dryer here
are five common household problems you
can solve with regular dryer sheets when
static affects the clothes you're
wearing gently rubbed the trouble area
with a dryer sheet to release the claim
static is also responsible for pesky pet
hair running a dryer sheet over loose
pet hair and your clothes or furniture
will release the static cling that
causes that hair to stick keep a sheet
in your gym bag to reduce odor if you
have smelly shoes slip a sheet in them
overnight by morning you'll have fresh
smelling shoes dryer sheets contains
Citronelle which acts as an insect
repellent bugs hate the smell
add a little water to a dryer sheet
before wiping down your faucets or in
your tub you'll find the soap scum comes
off pretty easily now you know five
household solutions dryer sheets can
provide try any of these and see for
yourself you'll be amazed
