one thing is to enroll in the step
program and the step program is a
program the State Department has where
you let the local embassy know that
you're going to be in a certain
destination so you can go online and you
can do this very quickly just enroll and
give them your contact information the
other thing is that they can also
contact you if there's some kind of an
emergency in the country you're visiting
that you may want to know about if for
some reason you're missing and loved
ones or friends want to know I'm your
last destination they could go to the
State Department and the State
Department could backtrack your steps
it's also really good to know if there's
going to be a strike if there's going to
be civil unrest if they're going to be
those things happening the embassy can
let you know that information in advance
and you can plan accordingly it costs
nothing to enroll you just go online and
enter the information and it will be
sent to the local embassy where you're
staying
