there's this famous story about Warren
Buffett telling his pilot to make a list
of all the things that he wanted to get
done in life long list it turns out as
it would be for any of us when you sit
down with a piece of paper and a pen you
start writing down all the things that
you want and then Buffett says to his
pilot that he should Circle just five of
those things and those five things go in
one list and everything else goes in
another and the goals that weren't
circled are the ones to avoid at all
cost if you ask the question what is it
about those five goals that really
motivates me oftentimes you can identify
a theme and that theme the why behind
your most important goals is your
top-level goal it's what makes your life
meaningful everything that I do every
decision that I make should I take this
meeting should I not take this meeting
should I make this trip should I not
make this trip I can use this top-level
goal to make that choice for me I think
it's a really good exercise to write
down everything that you care about and
stare at that piece of paper and see if
you can identify a theme because you
can't really get everything done in life
that you want to and by identifying the
things that are truly important to you
and D prioritizing the ones that are
less important to you I think it cleans
things up and it gives you the ability
to actually work harder on the things
that do matter
