fire is unpredictable
you're fighting an invisible enemy you
have to be a real master of yourself to
be able to have the courage and the
focus to beat that fire when you're
fighting a fire
things are happening much quicker than
they are in day to day life I had the
great benefit of actually working with
firefighters in a training simulation so
where I begin with fire fighters is to
help them realize that they have all the
tools they need inside themselves it's
just about mastering that moment and the
way that you master the moment in the
same way that athletes do he's slowing
things down focusing on your breathing I
having a routine before you go in to
remind me of what my goal is
firefighting has many different aspects
you got to communicate with victims you
got to run upstairs for sad or all those
require a certain level of preparedness
a certain level of heart rate so we
teach firefighters to control to be able
to modulate or change their level of
arousal for the task
there are many uncontrollable variables
in firefighting one of the ways in which
errors are made is when human beings
become overwhelmed by too many variables
to be able to reduce the cognitive load
that's on a firefighter certain skills
help to create less mental drag and
allow them to do their job more
efficiently firefighters like other
people who have the most important jobs
have found that it's effective to be
able to learn how to focus better and
stay relaxed when the environment is
getting very complex
you
