I know
up to 59% of canines in countries like
the US UK and France are obese but
there's one breed that stands out above
the rest Labrador Retrievers while abs
according to a recent study a big part
of the problem is genetics a team of
researchers studied the genes of over
700 labs and discovered a mutation in
23% of them the gene mutation messes
with genes linked to obesity in humans
it could be disabling labs ability to
recognize when they're full that would
explain why labs with this mutation are
on average four point four pounds
heavier than labs without it under 10
percent more likely to beg or hunt for
scraps the mutation is largely absent in
most other breeds which could be why
labs are heftier than many other breeds
just in the u.s. 60% of labs are
considered obese so the next time your
lab gives you those puppy-dog eyes for a
treat
take him for a run instead it'll do you
both some good
