this is bull I'm sorry be careful as one
wrong answer denotes failure on the test
you have 10 minutes to complete the test
okay so one wrong answer that's failure
fantastic number one draw a line around
the number or letter of this sentence
how can you draw a line around something
a line goes straight in one direction or
the other okay
Riddler what draw a line around the
shortest word in this line what the heck
is so weird spell backwards forwards
what what print the word vote upside
down but in the correct order with
cheney bastards
this is almost like like a middle finger
you know it could have been any word but
it's boats draw a figure that is square
in shape okay
divided by half by drawing a straight
line from the North East right from east
corner western side this is worth than
the LSAT okay right every other word in
this first line in print every third
word in the same line original type
smaller and first line ended at comma
but capitalize the fifth word that you
write so what five circles a one common
interlocking apart is this a joke
there's no way that you made it this far
so like we just didn't even write a
complete sentence like if we just wrote
a fragment now they interlock in more
than one part they're circles no just
writing no
three
nothing's right alright take this out of
my face this is this is infuriating it
really is what year is this run I'm not
far enough in the past for me did they
offer like any prep classes like SAT
prep if they would give that test to
everyone now most people wouldn't pass
it so there's no way that the people who
wrote this test passed this test
