retail wat was 200 and I would say like
average resale price is probably like
around - ximena for $30,000 undefeated
Jordan 4 it's a $19,000 I have a guy you
have a guy looking at you I haven't
actually got there is a kind of
competitive drive in this - and that's
just getting your hands on something
that other people can't there's two
sides of research on the street if
there's a release going I'm the guy
where you can get it from quick you know
living in New York City the average
sneaker line to be anywhere from 150 to
a thousand feet sneakers folks are
passion and the marketplace are bigger
today than they've ever been
our journeys into the crazy world of
sneakers we're at flight Club in New
York City the center of the resale
economy and we're in the center of the
center in their showcase a tiny room
with several hundred sneakers worth over
$100,000 this 11 year-old Soho shop is
known worldwide in the sneaker economy
everyone's tracking the latest sneaker
drops happening nearly every week the
hottest of these new releases are
snapped up and immediately we sold here
I think by far the most popular
franchise is Jordan everyone comes in
here like asking for them likes that the
probably shoot at it or the line that
started the entire craze I got in
sneakers by athletes there was the Andre
Agassi's it was the bo Jackson and the
Michael Jordan's in particular the the
products were amazing but it was also
the stories the irreverence of these
athletes Nike continues to release
updated versions of Jordan classics so
far Nike and its competitors carefully
control supply and demand but don't reap
the rewards of the resale mania you'll
see that every Jordan is in every
sequential order ones twos threes fours
5 6 7 8 name it we got it this is our
inspiration wall I just an original that
is original Jordan I shouldn't be
touching it
go ahead touch away it's an ode to the
beginning here and in other resale shops
you could only buy and sell so called
deadstock unworn and perfect pairs only
what's behind the glass here what is
this that's some of the most coveted
sneakers you probably ever want is there
some kind of like James Bond security
system built into the vid definitely is
some James Bond security code behind it
but if you're in there no one can hear
you scream are there any stories that
you remember of somebody being the
happiest on there was a woman who she
must have been everywhere and couldn't
get her pair and she was literally
crying she was waiting for us to open
she couldn't believe we had her size
searching for stuff and not finding it
that's what we do and we make sure you
find what you're looking for oh wow um
yeah the water shoes there's a lot of
shoes
Lex Adler a music producer from
Australia has lived in New York for over
a decade lining his walls with his
prized possessions he's all about the
Jordans and the popular Yeezys from
Kanye West which as deadstock
can fetch thousands of dollars a pair if
you can guess how much would you say
your entire collection is worth it it
has to be like you know twenty twenty
thousand always yeah
but Lex wears his sneakers for him it's
a passion that dates back to his youth
is there a sneaker from your pasture
from your childhood that you think about
now yeah as the one that got away
and the one that I lost was a pair of
Nike Air right which was a basketball
shoe they have the the crossover straps
couldn't find them one day and I hit the
local basketball courts and a kid was
wearing a pair of their shoes
and I might do that in my shoes and he's
like no my sister got them for me I said
I know they're mine I later found that
my mother sold them at a yard sale for
$2 so I was very mad about that Nike and
its competitor sell new releases at
retail stores like Foot Locker and other
stores where lines snake around the
block you got a note you have to know
someone that can get them in the
Internet age everyone knows every
website where every shoe is gonna win
exactly what time your chances of
getting like a limited shoe through
conventional means or like very very
difficult if you want a pair of of a new
release yeah worth something I have a
jar you have a guy I have an actual guy
you have an actual guy my broker your
broker and I drop him a text message and
I ask him if you
anyone that hasn't had this we're gonna
sell a pair we negotiate where do you
fit in to that world we sell on the
street if there's a release going I'm
the guy where you can get it from quick
and you know it's always a little bit
cheaper to buy it for me than it is to
go to flight club but when you're on the
street that's all it has to be a
relationship it has to be a genuine
relationship to like I'm your personal
shopper to the extent you're that guy
yes so when there's a sneaker drop do
you do you also wait in line I maybe pay
my friends like 10 dollars an hour to
wait on line or maybe even a little bit
more it depends on how much money I can
make off the shoes I worked in full
lockers so I would know who got what I
would know how many pairs are being
distributed amongst New York City and
what stores aren't gonna be the stores
that go to and but that knowledge that's
something I should charge for how much
money do you think you're made in total
over the last couple of years that you
started I would say anywhere between
maybe 100 grand 2,200 and I've been able
to survive without having a job for no
little two three years I can't see what
they got
here I know
another guy making a killing is Jason
harp an actor who was virtually a pro
consignor how did you get into
consigning brought a pair of shoes here
one day and it's old and I don't know
three hours and I was $200 richer than
when I first bought the shoes the first
thing that perked my interest it was not
so much selling it as actually acquiring
it the more difficult it is to get a
pair of sneakers the more interested you
are are exact like absolutely 100% I
will prepare to get a shoe depending on
how it's being released sometimes for a
month at access to things coming to my
phone probably 30 messages came through
into time and sat down here about a shoe
i source with social media i posted to
nothing first rule was talk to me about
twitter listen don't speak
made a lot of money doing that how much
money have you made it's in the six
figures in Brownsville Brooklyn at this
middle school fresco Wilson is actually
teaching a class on the sneaker economy
to kids for number one consumers why not
teach them about what they're getting
into before they get into it so instead
of them just going out to spend their
money on the retail why not invest in
Nike
why not invest in Ibiza I try to give
them some facets of Matt but ties into
entrepreneurship and finance and
marketing do any of you guys own a pair
of Nike dunks the Nike Dunk was
originally created for basketball with a
campaign called be true to your school
when we first heard about it is like I
sneak climbing what do you know learn
about sneakers everybody know that one
sneaker some other stuff but Matt over
in the class we learned how to make
money off our speakers how to produce
customers in different ways we learned
about the back fill Rita sneakers it
turns out sneakers from superstar Steph
Curry sell out at retail and are
powering Under Armour's profits but they
don't even figure into today's hot
resale market at least not yet and
someone said that Michael Jordan shoes
weren't as popular back then as they are
now why can't that be Steph Curry in the
kitchen if issues aren't that popular in
now like you said why can't it be in the
future it's about knowing how to value
the investment my father he has
everything is now my father is a sneaker
head his closet yeah he has a walk-in
closet and it's just a whole bunch of
sneakers right here by sneaker and he'll
sell it for a higher price
he won't even touch it you can love
sneakers but you got to know what you
want sneaker store just down the block
from flight club is stadium goods and
upstart capitalizing on the resale
industry going digital we partnered with
eBay where we put all of our inventory
another partnership we have is with a
sneaker app called dope another big
marketplace for us as well most of our
inventory is there and we
that become a huge driver of the
business as well everything that I was
about for the majority of the 90s was
there max one air max 90 two Air Max 95
this guy right here is the Air Max
classic VW I won't say it but I can
remember exactly what I was doing when I
was wearing these back in 91 or
something how many pairs of sneakers do
you think you have about 25,000 25
pounds this must be one of the world's
largest speaker 1:i we're opening up a
warehouse to continuously never say no
to sneakers if you want to bring in a
hundred pairs we'll say yes if you want
to bring in a thousand pairs will say
yes I see the future of sneakers being
very very bright this feature of resale
of sneakers also very very bright
