so I've been looking at a time
management questions for a long time and
actually lots of the readers send me
questions about a time management is
something we all struggle with and one
of the main villains in time management
surprisingly is the calendar and why is
that it's because the calendar is the
one is a wonderful environment to
represent things to take one hour or two
hours mostly meetings but most of the
things we want to achieve in life are
not meetings imagine at the end of the
year I asked you what did you achieve in
this last year you're not going to say
here's the 17,000 meetings I had and
this made me really happy what you
really want to achieve are some big
things like projects writing something
things that take many hours and little
things in life calling your mother doing
all kinds of things going for a run
exercising meditating whatever whatever
you do but the calendar doesn't allow us
to write everything on it so what
happened is that whatever we can
represent in the calendar take
precedence over the things we really
want to do and there's a principle we
call you are what you measure the moment
you measure something it happens the
moment you put something down it will
happen as well so the first problem is
the calendar is over representing
meetings and unrepresented other things
we want we need to basically even out
the battlefield we need to take things
we want and put them on them the second
interesting problem is about the future
so what happened is if you probably look
at your calendar a year from now you say
my goodness I have nothing but time you
don't have nothing but time there's lots
of things in a year from now it would
probably be just as busy as today but
you don't see the details so if I ask if
you do something in the year from now
you would say perfectly fine no no
problem so one trick we ask people to do
is to imagine that whatever I asked you
is going to happen next week and for you
to figure out whether you want to cancel
something else in order to do that now
if you look at next week next week is
already busy and I ask you to do
something you say you know what I would
cancel these three things to help then
then I would say go ahead and accept my
question from you for a year from now
but if you said you know what it's not
more important anything else
we then don't accept it the last thing I
sometimes try to do is to use the word
cancel elation it's a beautiful world
word and what it means is the happiness
you feel when something is cancelled so
every time you get to request think
about whether you would be happy or
disappointed if it was cancelled and if
you feel cancellation don't agree from
the beginning
