you have to a deep breathing and drink
the barclays if you want to be a part of
this
what makes Berkeley difficult is the
crazy amount of climbing that you have
to do this year has row right about
sixty six and a half thousand feet of
actual climbing so it's like going up
and down Mount Everest about three times
and then the fact that you have to
navigate distance that most of it is off
trail is not on regular trail at all
just have your compass in your map no
GPS are allowed no altimeter z' you know
nothing nothing electronic or anything
to help you guide your way it's
considered by most and by me to be the
toughest ultramarathon in the world
and he is kind of struggling personally
with some addiction issues when he went
into treatment I kinda wanted to do some
things that metaphorically go down the
same hard road type thing that he was
going through and I thought well I'll
just run a marathon
I brand like arrow head that 135 which
is in International Falls Minnesota and
that's considered one of the top seven
hardest in the world too but that was
pretty easy compared to Berkeley
even though I didn't finish I did so
much more than I could've ever dreamed
about the Barclays is a beast but I
don't know I just I can't wait to do it
again
