the price making their bagel is really a
24-hour process there's always someone
in the store babymoon
well the first thing that we do is we
actually downstairs we've got a mixer
the first thing that's done is we mix
the bagel dough for a certain period of
time we've got some more flour some salt
and so forth when it's ready take it out
of the mixer the dough is lie down flat
on the table and basically it's cut up
and rolled for each bagel so there's a
variety of bagels that we do everything
from cinnamon raisin to whole weave to
whole wheat everything and so forth so
from there they would be on the table
for a while and then we would take them
put them on a raft and they'd be rolled
into the refrigerator so we leave them
overnight and then from there we would
bring them to the kettle where they're
boiled for a while and then when they're
ready we'll take them out and then they
get seasoned and ready to be baked put
them in the oven and from there as
they're ready to go they come steaming
hot out of the oven they're put into the
bagel rock
