if you want to go way back in the
history of Goldman Sachs they started
very very modestly
as foot peddlers that is somebody who
has a wagon and he is walking around and
selling goods off of his wagon they
built their business on on what is
called commercial paper which is nothing
more than an IOU a short-term IOU that's
that's used by people and seasonal
business life like retailers they were
willing to take on retailers as
investment banking clients the big firms
like JP Morgan and like like Kuhn Loeb
at the time they would turn their nose
up at at doing business with Sears or
doing business with Kresge doing
business with with Macy's those firms
thought that the investment bank should
be limited if not two railroads than
really major industrial corporations on
the other hand goldman sachs was willing
to take that business and and of course
that sector of the economy grew rapidly
over the years and they grew with it and
then they just branched out into all
these other other financial services for
institutions for corporate clients
