the legalization of marijuana in many US
states is creating a massive new
industry giving a generation of
entrepreneurs and opportunity to strike
it rich these are their stories
Green Rush is a cannabis delivery
platform what our main goal is is to
seamlessly connect patients with
dispensaries you can compare by price
you could compare by different products
whether you like tinctures or edibles or
flower or you like to dab and you can
have your cannabis delivered within the
hour
coming into the cannabis industry
immediately we identified the largest
cannabis players the largest operators
in the entire field and Harborside in
particular Harborside Health Center in
Oakland is the largest cannabis
dispensary in the world so obviously
they were a target for us
Harborside Health Center was founded in
Oakland California in October of 2006 or
about nine and a half years old
we are medical cannabis dispensary so
our mission is to serve sick and
suffering patients with this medicine
with medical cannabis to offer as many
products as we possibly can I think you
could consider us one of the legacy
cannabis companies in California not too
many dispensaries have been around as
long as we have and certainly there are
very few dispensaries that do the volume
of business that we do we found that our
shopping cart on our website has some
technological constraints we noticed
that Green Rush had a very intuitive
simple platform for the end users to
interact with and we thought by
partnering with them we could improve
our delivery platform and our delivery
service and make things easier for
people to order medicine and a quicker
execution of that delivered medicine to
the end user excellence is one of the
things that we try to achieve here at
Harborside and we're really excited to
be able to grow with green rush and have
green rush grow with us
the first thing you need to answer is
whether or not you're registered
California medical marijuana patient the
next step is for us to verify you and
the verification process is super simple
you use your mobile device you snap a
photograph of your medical marijuana
recommendation and you snap a photograph
from your driver's license and boom you
are ready to go right on the mobile web
application you're able to press a
button that says geo locate me and it
finds all the dispensaries in your area
that are ready to deliver to you
whatever your flavor is Green Rush comm
offers over 7,000 different choices for
patients to purchase medical marijuana
you can order you can choose from any
one of 180 different menus that exist on
our platform once the order is actually
placed by the patient the dispensary
that's going to be executing on that
order they receive the order right at
their computer whether it's on their
computer terminal in a lot of cases
they'll use some sort of mobile device
or a tablet once the dispensary has
taken the cannabis out of the inventory
or whatever product it is a receipt will
be printed and the delivery driver will
be dispatched who will actually
physically deliver the order the
delivery driver physically gives the
cannabis to the patient the patient pays
for it whether it's with cash or with a
debit card and the process is done it's
that easy
the amount of patients that one can
serve with a delivery platform obviously
increases exponentially we expect to do
hundreds if not thousands of orders a
day eventually not only in the East Bay
but throughout the state delivery
platforms are just another way for us to
innovate and and become a all-grown-up
modern company if you will
you
