the legalization of marijuana in many US
states is creating a massive new
industry giving a generation of
entrepreneurs and opportunity to strike
it rich these are their stories
most cannabis chefs out there will pair
their cannabis with their ingredients
get people high I specifically focus on
cooking with high CBD strains for true
medical marijuana patients so it's not
about getting people high for me it's
about helping that it's really all about
wellness I have been interested in
cooking since I'm four years old and
then from there I just kept cooking and
cooking and I love cooking I was an
executive for several different
underwear companies did that for about
20 years after about 20 years had a bit
of a step back personal step back which
want to figure out what to do with my
life and I said God just give me an idea
next thing I knew I thought it's the
idea at the 420 chef you know I had
already had some experience in this
because I had a friend of mine whose
mother had medical marijuana
prescription and had no clue what to do
with it because she didn't smoke so I
would come and I would actually cook
brownies and cookies for her and they
seemed to work when I made that dinner
for this woman and I saw that it truly
helped her and she went on and on the
next day but I want to help her I said
this is what I got
there's no other candidate chef on the
planet that does what I do nobody cooks
low THC high CBD strictly medicinal
edibles that are specifically geared or
tailored towards the patient that needs
them when a patient comes to me he says
can you help me cook with my cannabis
the first thing they have to do
obviously in a medicinal Saders they
have to have a valid prescription and ID
for that state everything that I do I
keep aboveboard I don't buy anything for
anybody I don't sell anything to anybody
I teach them how to use that flour to be
able to make their own edibles or make
edibles for someone that they're a
caregiver for so what will happen is
they'll buy the bud that they hate this
is what I'm suffering from this is the
cannabis that I'm using I have the
flower I teach them either by a
telephone or via the videos that they
have online or even in person how to
make butter and oil then the next phase
is teaching them how to cook so usually
what I'll do the first time is I'll go
to their home and I'll cook a meal I'll
cook an edible I'll work with them I'll
explain to them how it works how to do
is how to make sure they're getting at
the getting and then they're home free
there you go they can't have got onion
off yeah mm-hmm do you taste the
cannabis in it at all
not at all yeah you know I first started
utilizing it for my anxiety and that was
really helpful but I didn't know that
there was such a large pain component or
anti pain and for the longest time I
have really struggled with reproductive
issues what I found is that with the
endometriosis
and with the pain that is essentially
crippling I've had to call off work I've
had to cancel meetings and that's that's
just terrifying when I start feeling
that pain
I immediately medicate and I'm hoping
instead of smoking that I can actually
turn more to edibles and get that right
dose because that's what I want to do I
want to be able to calm the pain not be
zonked out on my bed sleeping because
I've taken too many prescription pain
pills but that I can function normally
and go about my business have my calls
go to my meetings go about my daily life
without feeling like I can't I I can't
keep up anymore one of the reasons why I
do what I do with edibles is because
many patients don't want to smoke I
started trying to find a good quality
edible that I could have a little bit
throughout the day to manage the pain
manage my anxiety you know and just
allow me to be that even-keeled normal
person with some personality right right
with no THC or a very minimal piece
right and then you know that I get I get
that a lot more people that I cook for
or that I teach at a cook they're like
you know seriously I don't want to be
high right I just want to feel great I
want to feel really good perfect level
yeah you know I think that that's one of
the greatest things I can do is to cook
great food for people show them how to
make it people love the food so much
there's a cookbook coming out about it
now with you know a lot of my recipes so
I think it's really it's a lot of fun
and I know that I'm helping a lot of
people this is my purpose
you
