the legalization of marijuana in many US
states is creating a massive new
industry giving a generation of
entrepreneurs and opportunity to strike
it rich these are their stories
seeing our guests and see the reward and
seeing their feelings and seeing how the
happy they are and you know we have so
many guests that come back here that
we're in the right spot and doing the
right thing and we're living a life
adventure
we are the first cannabis friendly
lodging facility in the world a button
breakfast is a safe warm environment
that somebody can come and stay that
they can smoke cannabis in a beautiful
living room dining room lounge outside
and a beautiful patio they wake up in
the morning at 8:30 they come downstairs
and the first thing you're greeted with
is would you like a mimosa and they sit
and there's fruit and then there's
sausage and candy bacon and homemade
potatoes everything's made from scratch
and they sit and enjoy this beautiful
breakfast with all these new people that
they've met and they could smell
cannabis while they're doing that
leaving everything in New York and
coming out here was a very scary but
exciting venture to go on cannabis is
Joel's passion I do not smoke we used to
kid around Joel was an attorney we used
to kid around but when he retired
opening up a bed-and-breakfast with our
friends near Woodstock because I love to
cook I love it to entertain so this came
about you know as a necessity something
that I saw that needed to be something
that we both saw that that was a
necessary complement to the cannabis
laws and when the laws changed in 2014 I
got on the first flight I could came out
here to look for businesses I'm not a
grower I don't have a dispensary license
so I looking from the perspective of
tourism throughout that period of time I
was living in a hotel and was blowing
smoke in my toilet and you know with the
towel under the door and the shower on
and I called Lisa I said I think I got
an idea and this you're flying out here
next week let's start looking at hotels
she said you're crazy said why not we
knocked on a bunch of doors and we were
lucky enough to find the place that
we're sitting in that's the Adagio it's
a great atmosphere it's in a great spot
we have three different locations this
is the button breakfast at the Adagio in
downtown Denver
it's as you can see a beautiful
Victorian built in 1892 and this is a
very cozy warm atmosphere as all our
places are but the model of the house
just enhances that the second one was
ourselves on property the third is our
our collar Springs pop there are other
motels that quotes before 20 friendly
there are hotels but they all require
that you smoke on a patio you smoke in a
designated standing location or on your
balcony that is not what we're about
from the middle you check into a moment
you check out who wants you to feel like
you're home candy throughout this entire
house anyone who has the munchies can
get grab drop always something to um we
also have a full-power Fidelia bar and
we also have the people knowledgeable
the staff knowledgeable to help you
people check in here and within 15
minutes they feel like they've known
each other forever our guests range from
literally 21 all the way to 85 Australia
Italy Germany it was Germany Japan
Brazil all over the world we've had
amazing months of revenue we did three
hundred and ten thousand dollars last
quarter we can max out about 150 160
thousand a month through the three
properties at full capacity I believe
there there always has been and still is
a stigma related to the cannabis
industry my parents came in 80 years old
from from Florida and they have what
they found a whole new respect for the
industry I think we haven't in some way
change that stigma be able to you know
have these people sit on the couch which
I find you know to me be just you know
normal that that blows me away cannabis
normalcy that's what it is you come here
you feel like a normal person being able
to utilize the product that you enjoy in
a safe
environment it's totally normal it's
like I'm at my mom's house for
Thanksgiving and she's letting me get on
