the legalization of marijuana in many US
states is creating a massive new
industry giving a generation of
entrepreneurs and opportunity to strike
it rich these are their stories
we founded the herb of huayna collective
with the sole purpose of trying to
provide something in the industry that
we were not finding ourselves urbe Buena
Social Club has been developed as a way
for patients and practitioners and
vendors and farmers and people in the
industry doctors to all come together
and really have a place to share
information to see the medicine and
interact with the medicine in a guided
and safe and educational setting we have
different types of social clubs that we
offer in different formats some are
purely educational and informative
others are an opportunity for people to
sample and purchase we can really dial
in kind of what we recommend products
that would actually work for them so
that we become their trusted advisors to
recommend products that will actually
help them we operate fully aboveboard
and within compliance of all of the
regulations as we know them there is no
membership fee you just have to have a
valid doctor's recommendation and we see
it much like the alcohol industry and
that you have to be 21 to be an urban
collective member there are people
seeking really fine high-end organic
artisan crafted medicine and it's
difficult to find and so we find that
most of our collective members and
patients actually find us through
word-of-mouth I think it was about a
year ago I came to one of these parties
with a friend and I got turned on to
their products which I don't know that
it's just the best shit and the quality
is unbelievable the people are awesome
it's just a really friendly group it's
not a clicking career I've been medical
card holder for several years for the
first time in Los Angeles and so I've
gone to a variety of dispensaries in
Southern California and in Northern
California and generally speaking you
know they're all very cold feeling the
bud tenders as they're called the people
are serving the medical cannabis or
sometimes generally knowledgeable about
the product that they're serving but
they are not really providing the kind
of in-depth farm-to-table knowledge and
experience that herb abuela provides no
other brand that I have seen has put
that much thought and intention into the
products that they carry I'm
happy that we're able to make this
beautiful medicine available to people
I'm not really so hung up on whether or
not people can come and get high really
it's about introducing them to the
medicine that's available the delivery
devices that are available all of the
different ways that they can learn about
and take the medicine that's going to
resonate with them and their particular
needs and interests to me that's half
the battle in the industry is making
sure that people are educated they can
get high anywhere
