it definitely is a common issue that all
of us are facing wanting to check in to
our devices constantly frankly and the
reason is very simple it's associated
with the pleasure chemical in our brains
which is called dopamine it actually
gets released when we find a new bit of
information or when somebody reaches out
to us and we feel kind of cared about
there's so many ways that the activities
that we're doing on screens releases
this chemical that it's not surprising
we all want to do it a lot this isn't
just psychological but it's really
physiologic kids brains are wired to
have the most receptivity to the
dopamine that's released when we're
multitasking and looking at screens and
so there's a reason why it can be so
hard to get off of devices the first
step is defining achievable goals in
screen Agers there's a scene where a
teenager talks to me about when he goes
out to a meal with his friends they
often put their cell phone in the middle
of the table and they say look if anyone
checks it that person has to pay for the
meal some scientists very much believed
in the idea of tech breaks and so to be
honest with a group and just say hey you
know can we all just check our phones
for 10 minutes and then put them away I
know a lot of couples are struggling
with this in the evening when they're
going to bed about how much screen time
this is one of the biggest issues that
couples are facing now is how they
interact with each other versus the time
that they spend on screens my feeling is
to not take it lightly and to say oh
this will pass or oh you know why do you
keep complaining but to actually take it
on as a challenge and to give it some
time conversations short ones weekly for
example can actually be an amazing way
to change the dialogue
you
