everything we look at with this virus
seems to be a bit scarier than we
initially thought and so while we
absolutely hope we don't see widespread
local transmission in the continental US
we need the states to be ready for that
what we're learning is not reassuring we
have learned that the virus is linked to
a broader set of complications in
pregnancy we have learned that the
mosquito vector the 80s a gyp time
mosquito is present in a broader range
of states in the continental US so
instead of about 12 states where the
mosquito Aedes aegypti is present we
believe about 30 states have the
mosquito present we are quite concerned
about Puerto Rico where the virus is
spreading throughout the island we think
there could be hundreds of thousands of
cases of Zika virus in Puerto Rico and
perhaps hundreds of affected babies I
don't expect there to be large outbreaks
in the continental US I can't give a
number to how many cases but I can say
that we can't assume we're not going to
have a big problem we know with other
viruses we've had bigger problems than
we expected so we're taking this very
seriously
