finally a sandwich that speaks to my
incredible rage
like most Americans my soul is a
bottomless pit of anger luckily burger
king is finally capitalizing on this
with their new angriest whopper just
take a look at this thing jalapenos
crispy onions bacon and all the other
stuff that's on a whopper all encased in
a beautiful hot sauce infused bun better
than the glorious stripes of our beloved
flag I was so angry I wasn't eating one
I ran out of the office there's Burger
King now I don't have any b-roll of
myself inside this Burger King cuz
quickly they told me I couldn't film in
there what's make me so angry but I was
able to get one and here it is look at
the angry rapper this things that take a
look at this thing the bacon is
literally falling out of this thing look
at how red this bun is this is a big
sandwich I think it was like six
something it's money well-spent
I'm so furious right now I got to taste
this thing mmm
it's got a kick to it spicy buns not so
spicy but the jalapenos and whatever
sauce they have here oh yeah yeah as
gimmicky as it is this looks pretty good
every bite of the sandwich fills me with
more rage and they've did not skimp on
the jalapenos either which I like likes
the price how good this is but what I'm
good I'm so angry - same with me you
know yeah I am satisfied and furious at
the same time that sandwich was so good
I'm almost angry that I'm not eating
another one right now and even if I did
have another one I'd be angry that I'm
not hungry anymore because the sandwich
is so fooling filling excuse me
ah well burger was delicious it was
certainly the angriest whopper I've ever
eaten I'm so like heat up for me that
sandwich mmm this is the angriest
whopper way angrier than the other angry
ones the red bun is ridiculous it's a
big burger I love it I'm like so furious
what not then destroy the studio
