it's it's not easy to just be happy you
don't just wake up in the morning and
flip the switch and then you're happy
what I'm going to share with you is the
three things you can do today
to be happier right now the first
happiness habit is called 3lakhs
Penn State researchers discovered that
if you take three brisk 30-minute walks
a week you will markedly increase your
happiness the exercise alone increases
your happiness more than anything else
the next happiness habit is called the
20-minute replay if you commit 20
minutes a day at the end of a day to
writing down about one good thing that
happened to you that day you will become
markedly happier why does that work
because your mind has no GPS signal in
it that means when you journal about
something you think you're there you're
reliving it and if you read your own
journal you relive it a third time you
get a tripling effect on that coffee
that your friend brought you in the
morning
the next happiness habit is committing
five random acts of kindness a week if
you do a small tiny gift to somebody
like holding the door open for them you
feel better about yourself so I just
have actually shown that this increases
our happiest more than almost anything
else doing five small random acts of
kindness a week
