also known as a go-bag a bug-out bag is
an assortment of gear materials supplies
even clothing that could help you
survive during any type of emergency
crisis now of these two you might expect
that this would be the bug out bag but
in actuality this one is my bug out bag
it's perfect because it doesn't look
like a bug out bag in no specific order
we've got a package of clothing a full
set of clothes made of lightweight thin
materials that pack down small we've
also got a water bottle with a built-in
filter around the bottle I've got duct
tape a well-stocked medical bag you need
food to keep your strength up here's
another food item this is a survival
ration brick each one of these little
small squares in this package has four
hundred calories in it
shelter items should be in your bug out
bag I like to carry several space
blankets they're so lightweight they're
so inexpensive and they could keep your
body warm even in cold temperatures even
if things turn wet windy and rainy a
small lightweight emergency poncho can
be used to get you out of the rain we
could even use it to catch rain for
drinking water you always want to start
every bug out bag with a supply of water
you also want to have containers that
can hold more water some gloves and
perhaps even some goggles can be
important safety equipment a headlamp
and some spare batteries iodine tincture
of iodine 2% can be used as a medical
item to actually disinfect wounds and we
can even use it to disinfect water five
to ten drops per quart of dirty water
will make that water clean after it sits
for an hour
a local map and a compass a signal
whistle and a signal mirror some basic
sanitation items can go a long way in a
crisis small toothbrush and some
toothpaste and some body wipes can let
you maintain some semblance of hygiene
after a disaster you may need to start a
fire you should have multiple ways to
make a fire in your bug out bag I
recommend taking lighters as your
primary item matches are a good backup
spark rods can even be used to start a
fire and you want to bring some fuel as
well I've got some plain ordinary cotton
balls and I've also got a little small
tube of petroleum jelly when you mix
these two together you have a long
burning fire starter that will burn even
in the rain a basic folding knife can
serve as both a utility item and an item
for self-defense and all of this gear
weighs just a few pounds is easy to
carry and no one is very likely to steal
your little girl backpack
