one of the amazing things about online
dating is that with tinder and OkCupid
and match.com and all the apps and
websites out there you have more choices
for who to date than you ever could have
had I mean 80 years ago we know from
research people tended to marry people
who went to their local elementary
school who lived within this a couple of
blocks of where they lived and now
people spend their 20s and much of the
authorities looking all over the place
and all over the internet for a great
person so you would think that wow you
know more options more choices that'll
only be a boon to me but in fact what we
know from research and specifically from
a theory by a guy named Barry Schwartz a
psychologist who wrote a book although
the paradox of choice is that actually
having more choices can be a very
difficult thing right it turns out that
people who have far more options often
don't experience happiness about that
first of all they have a very hard time
figuring out what's the best thing and
which choice they should make they're
constantly checking the facts and trying
to figure out what they really want but
second of all once you do make a choice
if you have lots of options you start to
regret the choices that you didn't make
whether it's like shopping for jam in a
grocery store which is what the classic
study on this was about or figuring out
what to watch on television and the same
holds true in dating that's why we found
that a lot of people who have all these
options are actually driving themselves
crazy it actually is very very stressful
and difficult to date in the age of
tinder and match.com and many of the new
dating sites are restricting people's
choices are actually giving you fewer
people you can ask out on a daily basis
you
