my name is Mathew Hyneman I'm a
documentary filmmaker
and my most recent film cartel and is
about the two different vigilante groups
fighting the Mexican drug cartels film
models Casino the mesopotamian I know I
can
so with cartel and you know a film about
these two different vigilante groups one
in Mexico and one in Arizona both of
whom are fighting the Mexican drug
cartels I really ended up with a story
that I never could have dreamed of
predicted or imagined especially on the
Mexican side of the story
where I was embedded with the group
called the autodefensas a group fighting
back into the Knights Templar cartel
after years of failure by the Mexican
government to protect them when I first
got down there I really thought I was
telling a story of good versus evil of
guys in white shirts versus guys in
black shirts and over time these lines
between good and evil became ever more
blurry there's a really really scary
film to make but the first shootout I
was and I had no sort of experience to
draw upon I've never been in war and
I've been shot at but I knew I knew how
to use a camera I knew I knew how to
focus frame exposed and so that's what I
focus on in this moment and I think
that's what sort of calm me down
you know what I really tried to do with
this phone was put a human face to this
violence to put a human face to this
conflict and show you a world that you
don't necessarily get to see I'll show
you characters that you don't
necessarily get to meet I wanted to make
a immersive film of Veritate film
filming which I was following characters
going through extreme situations and
journeys it's not sort of a policy film
there's no talking heads there's no
government officials and that was very
purposeful there's this war that's
happening this war that's happening in
the country just south of us a war on
which a hundred thousand-plus people
have been killed twenty five thousand
plus people disappeared or funding that
war through a consumption of drugs
obviously it's more complicated than
that but at its basic level it's it's
its economics supply and demand and as
long as there's a demand for drugs here
in the US
there'll be a supply of drugs coming
from Mexico in South America and with
that the violence it's growing militia I
didn't have any intention of making this
film I had no personal connection to
Mexico had no personal connection to the
drug war I just happened to read this
article that led me to one side of the
story and then happen to read there's a
letter article that led me to the
Mexican side of the story and I decided
to create this parallel portrait of
these two those 2 vigilantes sort of
like relationships or love you know
documentaries just hate you and grab you
whether you like it or not and you you
drop everything to to make them fully
realize one of my mentors in the film
world al Maysles once said that if you
end up with the story started with
anyone listening along the way and I
think that's good advice for life and I
think that's good advice for filmmaking
you know let the story evolve be opening
this story changing and that's something
I really tried to do out in the field
and that's something I definitely tried
to do in the editor
all those moments when I was out out
there and I felt like the rug was pulled
out from under me and the story that I
thought I was telling changed or the my
perception of my main characters changed
I wanted the audience to go through the
same emotional moments while watching
the film
