well in my opinion which as you know is
correct the turning point was when the
hostages were taken in Iran back in 1979
and then Ronald Reagan and conservatives
came to power and they were I mean
understandably concerned that the US was
losing prestige around the world was
losing influence and so took the solar
system off the roof of the White House
and des stood the progress that have
been made on a metric system so notice
the metric system is creeping its way in
everybody knows what a leader of
coca-cola looks like two liters of 7up
looks like and now whenever you get on
an airplane the pilots routinely tell
you the temperature and Fahrenheit and
the temperature in celcius because
that's how international air travel
that's how all the instruments on
airplanes are calibrated is in Celsius
but the reason to encourage it is to
keep the United States competitive
economically you want the u.s. to still
to be the leader in manufacturing all
sorts of things and to do that to sell
stuff overseas you're going to have to
use the metric system
