every morning and seal training my
instructors who at the time were all
Vietnam veterans would show up in my
barracks room and the first thing they
do is inspect my bed if did it right the
corners would be square the covers would
be pulled tight the pillows centered
just under the headboard and the extra
blanket folded neatly at the foot of the
rack it was a simple task mundane at
best but every morning we were required
to make our bed to perfection it seemed
a little ridiculous at the time
particularly in light of the fact that
we were aspiring to be real warriors
tough battle-hardened seals but the
wisdom of the Civil Act has been proven
to me many times over if you make your
bed every morning you will have
accomplished the first task of the day
it will give you a small sense of pride
and it will encourage you to do another
task and another and another and by the
end of the day that one task completed
will have turned into mini task
completed making your bed will also
reinforce the fact that the little
things in life matter if you can't do
the little things right you'll never be
able to do the big things right and if
by chance you have a miserable day you
will come home to a bed that is made
but you made and a maid bed gives you
encouragement that tomorrow will be
better so if you want to change the
world start off by making your bed
