well release changing whether we want it
to or not and our ability to adapt is
really based on our ability to be
successful if you can say okay I'm going
to adapt to all the changes going on
around me even though they're
uncomfortable
you already several steps ahead towards
whatever goal you have there's a lot of
things in life that we can't control and
you really have to just figure out what
is it that's completely out of my
control and to not put your energy and
your time there because we only have so
much of those resources and if you
devote your time and energy to the
things that you can control you can
create all sorts of differences and you
can be so much more efficient and
productive a lot of people were never
taught how to calculate a risk and so
they're not really sure how do I go
about this when you start to learn okay
I can calculate a risk to minimize the
chances of it going wrong you build
confidence in your ability to take more
risks and bigger risks our social media
and our smart phones and laptops keep us
connected to other people at any given
moment you can talk to somebody and and
because of that we don't really spend a
lot of time just sitting and thinking
and reflecting a lot of people are
uncomfortable with silence anyway but a
long time is really the key to figuring
out how am i doing in life how am i
doing towards my goals what sort of
progress in my making and what do I want
to do differently it's really easy to
think okay I did this so now I deserve
something good to happen right away and
we live in a world of no lines and no
waiting but the truth is a lot of goals
in life aren't going to happen in 24
hours or less whether you say I want to
become mentally stronger or I want to
lose 25 pounds it's not going to happen
in a day or a week or probably even a
month
you
