when I look at a resume and I'm
evaluating it there are a number of
things I look for right away that I just
want to cross off the list the first
would be a full mailing address
nobody needs to have that on their
resume anymore and to be quite honest
it's a security concern it's more about
identity theft than anything else they
don't need your full street address you
should have one phone number preferably
your cell phone where you control who
picks up the phone when and what that
voicemail sounds like also you don't
want them trying to contact you in five
different places because then you have
to keep track of that same thing goes
with the email address I'm looking for a
professional email address and only one
I recommend actually creating a gmail
account that's dedicated just for your
job search and networking activities so
that it's not confused with anything
else other things on a resume that I
immediately cross off references
available upon request you state that or
you actually list references you're
doing a disservice they know you're
going to give them that information if
you want the job there's no reason to
state by the way I'll give it to you
when you ask for it it's just a waste of
space so definitely take that off when
I'm looking at the work experience
section two things I absolutely hate to
see are either dense blocks of text
because let's be honest you're looking
at this quickly you're glancing through
it your eyes glaze over when you get to
a big long paragraph but also avoid what
I call death by bullets if absolutely
everything is bulleted it has the same
effect as big dense blocks of text your
eyes just glaze over it remember bullet
points are supposed to be used to draw
attention to important pieces of
information if you bullet everything
everything is important which means
really nothing stands out and their eyes
are going to glaze right over it
