you know how you hate watching your
friends have this wonderful marriage in
couplehood and you feel kind of jealous
well a 2014 University of Toronto
studies showed that people who use a lot
of Facebook postings for their marriage
the more they do that the more insecure
they are about their relationship so
when you're looking at their stuff and
it looks so great chances are they're
actually suffering more which is causing
them to try to compensate by showing the
world how wonderful they are what does
this teach us it teaches us about the
privacy of a good relationship the fact
is when wonderful things happen to you
in your relationship you want to keep
that private your little jokes your a
little fun it's not all about telling
everybody else where you share it with
other people you lose some of that
connection and that privacy so be
careful not to post so much keep it
within yourselves so you have your own
little jokes and your own little
memories to keep and when you're online
and you see other people and you think
they're having such a great time don't
compare to yourself you don't know that
right underneath the hood things are not
so wonderful
