interestingly three of the top 20 live
in the Seattle Washington area including
the richest man in America Bill Gates
resides in Medina also billionaire
number 3 Jeff Bezos lives in Seattle and
in Hunts Point Washington is Steve
Ballmer Nike founder Phil Knight is in
Hillsboro Oregon not surprisingly four
of our billionaires live in and around
California Silicon Valley Larry Ellison
of Oracle Mark Zuckerberg of Facebook
and Sergey Brin and Larry Page of Google
Casino billionaires Sheldon Adelson
calls Las Vegas his home
John Mars of Mars candy resides in
Jackson Wyoming our number two
billionaire Warren Buffett lives in
Omaha
Charles Koch is located in Wichita
Kansas
Jim Alice and Sam Robson Walton all live
in Bentonville Arkansas Jacquelyn and
Forrest Mars jr. Mars candy called
Virginia home George Soros Michael
Bloomberg and David Koch well in the Big
Apple
