the Phalanx is a rapid-fire
computer-controlled radar guided gun
system it consists of a 20 millimeter
Gatling gun mounted on a swiveling base
which weighs more than 12,000 pounds
sometimes it's referred to as r2d2
because of its similarity to the famous
Star Wars droid it's installed on every
Navy surface ship is the last line of
defense if threats get too close it's
primarily used to detect track and
destroy incoming enemy rounds before
they hit the ships but it can also be
used against approaching boats with the
right software upgrade the gun can have
an expanded range and target drones
planes and helicopters it's developed by
Raytheon which says the gun can perform
search detection threat evaluation
tracking engagement and kill assessment
it's not just on America's Navy combat
ships 24 other allied nations use the
gun as well
the failings can also be used on land
during the Iraq war the Department of
Defense use them to surround the green
zone and protect soldiers and civilians
from incoming mortar attacks
