when your brain taps you on the shoulder
and says you're done you're really only
40% done so many of us are on cruise
control myself included and we get into
our daily routine and routines are
unbelievable but routines can also be a
rut
what's the point of living you know a
lot of us go through our daily day
routine kiss the wife kiss the husband
wherever you're doing and that's our
life you know I believe everybody's put
on this earth for a journey and
everybody's journey is different but
most people don't know take their
journey they try and take an easier path
so that's what it's all about is you got
to accept your journey a lot of times
your journey sucks but that's what you
got to do only if you really challenge
yourself and push yourself and get out
of your routine your comfort zone can
you get better like you can't improve
when you're on autopilot so you have to
set goals and you have to set challenges
that you don't necessarily think you can
do we're going to push yourself way
further than you think you can to
improve so you got to get out of the
complacency of the routine whole thing
about comfort zones is if you live in
one for too long that becomes your norm
it never allows you to get experience
gained knowledge game any kind of mental
toughness well I learned that we all
have a reserve tank that we're all
capable of doing so much more than we
think we can and only by really tapping
into that reserve tank whether it's in
business whether it's in physically you
want to get more fit only when you
really push yourself and push your
limits can you find out what you're
really made of and what's in your
reserve tank and I mean he taught me
that every single day and it just led to
me getting better in the various buckets
in my life as I tapped into that reserve
tank yeah I think I said don't be you
know we call it the 40% rule that's
something that David kind of told me and
shared with me and I bought into it and
it's but it's proved effective not just
in working out but even in business or
my family life it's like when I'm
frustrated when I'm done when I hit a
roadblock when things get complicated
you have so much more
in you
