so this is the micro home boom
it's only 88 square feet on the ground
floor I made the windows and the doors
and pretty much everything in there you
know so it's kind of fun just to build
it out like a piece of furniture and
really get a chance to like try things
on for size and you know it's as
comfortable as you know like how can I
get the most use out of this tiny little
space it's like the size of like a kid's
bedroom or whatever but you've got like
an 8-foot kitchen in here which is like
more countertop space or you know these
are modified IKEA cabinets you know
these are ideas nothing super special
but just like in the detailing you know
have this custom break form and then cut
out the sink and you know did that and
then there's also the the guest chair
which is like the one over which I
really prefer so you can have a few
people there
and since hiding this I feel like when
I'm in bigger spaces I'm like this is
really how you use the stairs like as
the other support the other side of that
table there it's great you can just like
you know hook up and down it like pretty
good so see you're like a pretty cool
guy and when you're standing there yeah
you are taking advantage that little
pocket of the future you know and what's
nice is that you can sit down on the bed
and stand up or do whatever and not feel
like you're crawling out of a boss you
know so it's all this storage you know I
don't organize but like extra bedding or
like the winter clothes or whatever so
in here you have toilet also shower and
sink and all the strings are there yeah
so this feels like a cruise ship where
like your bathroom and everything is all
like in one essentially I have like your
pink lion smell like I'm gonna have
these all over the place it's kinda nice
it's very comfortable when you're using
the toilet and it's very comfortable
you're taking a shower
what could you get for our place like
this like it as far as monthly rent goes
that's an interesting question I rented
it to a guy for six months fully there's
like a friend of a friend for like $1600
per month
you know there's all utilities included
but everyone's oh my god you can grin
when you see the people we're in for
like three thousand I mean I don't even
want to speculate because it's kind of
gross
you know it's from 1916 and the name
house until 1885 and they had a French
Laundry there so they must have had like
that's what that boiler thing is right
there as far as I can guess they would
have had something like that they would
have heated up the water and then it
went into this room next door and I
think they did them what's the one that
you do and then the main house had like
sort of a little tailor shop up front
and this is the nature of ruin or
remodel on like an existing building you
know I think that you end up with
something even cooler than you ever
could come up with on your own from
scratch do you think that people are or
shouldn't build things tiny just for the
sake of building things that are tiny or
should it be more about I have this
space that speaks to me how can I make
it livable and enjoyable the interesting
I don't think we're just doing it
gratuitously yeah I think it's a great
way to fit people in an inning like the
city right in an affordable way and or
use a lot less resources you know so
something smaller you know is in other
countries the standard house is so much
smaller than American so moving this
direction is not like it's super-new
idea but how to like do more of it it's
an interesting thing and and the codes
are actually changing a lot in San
Francisco which I'm excited about but I
feel like there's always gonna be
something like I think what they do the
codes are not progressive they always
are responsive so things are moving in a
certain way and they're like oh we need
to catch up with that and I think
they're doing that building these new
things will be awesome these micro
apartments I would like to see them with
just a little bit more human touch I
think the you know maybe because I come
from like a furniture background I'm
always trying to solve the problems from
with furniture and part of it was living
in an apartment making furniture that
and I doesn't have a lot of fluff to it
trying to make it thin but comfortable
and everything so you carry that mindset
and look at plans or look at other
people's things and
meet looking or whatever but if they
don't have the functionality of em it
doesn't really sing it's only the small
things you really need some cool aspects
to it I think and you know maybe that's
just not financially feasible or it's
going but I think it's interesting that
like people are getting excited about it
