hey
hey Amy looks at the camera and looks at
the audience all the way through the
film and what happens is we the person
looking at her change we start off as
Amy's friends we become a manager her
first manager we become her boyfriend we
become the paparazzi eventually and her
relationship with the camera changes
during the film and whereas at beginning
she's so happy and joyful and fun and
enjoying it by the end she hates in
she's running away from the camera Amy
give us a smile then we can turn the
camera you coming in becoming an artist
in the public eye the more you can see
of me the more than where lies around
before is making music hi I'm Asif
Kapadia I'm a director I made the film's
Center about the racing driver Ayrton
Senna and my sluicing I made to film a
me about the amazing singer Amy
Winehouse Amy is the the
highest-grossing and a British
documentary ever and it overtook Senate
which was previously the
highest-grossing theatrical daugava yeah
I don't want people to kind of think
about center or a me as documentaries
their movies you know you can go and see
that movie that movie or that movie and
it might happen to be a documentary but
the main thing is it takes you on a
journey and emotion who engages you
what's interesting about making of amy
is the first feature film that I've made
where there was never a script or an
outline for any kind of document on
paper the whole film we just started
making a movie I just started
interviewing people talking to them and
there was no agenda it was literally
like I'm gonna make a film lab or
whatever turns up and I never had to
pitch to anyone saying this is what the
film's going to be people came to me
said you want to do it I said give me
all the music can we want to publish in
leave us alone will come back with a
movie so the real thing about using the
archive is to create a mood and an
atmosphere make you feel like you're
there you're with that person you're
hanging out with Amy Winehouse fiction
films I don't think quite achieve it
when you find the right story and the
right character and the right archive
when it works I doesn't there's nothing
like it is a truthfulness and
immediacy and intimacy that comes out of
archive which I don't think anyone's
anything else over point it's the same
mark
yes
I
I felt we've with Amy we're making a
film about her but there's a point
that's a turning point a movie when it
becomes about us it becomes about a
audience it becomes about the way we
treat people who are obviously having
some sort of public breakdown or who are
mentally unstable and how easy it is for
us to join in the tabloid exploitation
of these people and to enjoy someone's
downfall because they deserve it they're
rich they're famous who cares you know
that was part of the feeling and that I
wanted to get across not only for people
to feel sad or to kind of like it but
also that I wanted it to be a bit of
anger in our in our part in what
happened the main thing about making
movies for me is to emotionally engage
of an audience I want people to feel
something I want people to walk out
cinema and to remember they've seen that
movie the worst thing in the world for
me is when I go and see a film and it
may cost 200 million dollars and the
next day I have no idea why I did
previous Michaels and I think the idea
of redressing the image the kind of
general perception of someone that we
all had which must of weather we had
read them or not admit to reading them
or not somehow another the tabloid
persona of amy was the one that everyone
thought was the reality I want people
who really didn't like a me to go and
see Amy it's not about just appealing to
the hardcore fan it's about speaking to
the people who really think they're not
interested I'm getting them to fall in
love with Amy Winehouse I want to know
that they're still thinking about film a
day later two days out of three days
later and somehow this is lingering in
at mind that stat Steve kind of old to
my name with everything but I hope to do
