enhance your brains happiness these
neuroscientific methods can help you
foster a happier brain music listening
to music from the happiest periods of
your life can transport you mentally
back to places you've listened to it
before bringing about a positive mental
state smile when your brain is
overloaded with information it looks for
biofeedback to figure out a response
outsmart your brain by grinning just as
happiness makes you smile smiling can
actually make you happy goals when
you're feeling unhappy or overwhelmed
think about your long-term goals this
may release dopamine and give your brain
a sense of control sleep depression may
hinder your ability to sleep but it
works both ways
having bad sleep can lead to depression
improve your sleep by exposing yourself
to bright sunlight during the day and
dim light at night walk exercising and
exposing yourself to sunlight can
improve the serotonin and sleep systems
taking a walk preferably with a friend
each morning is an easy way to kickstart
an upward spiral and engage in positive
social behaviors
