it's happy hour near Wall Street and I'm
going to visit one of the most
talked-about bars anywhere in the world
it's a pub called dead rabbit started by
two friends from Belfast known the world
over for making the best cocktails this
is the front desk of an historical book
at 16 buildings this is one that was
built in 1828
it's a six story basement and five
stories above it yeah dead rabbit was
opened by Sean will do it in his partner
Jack McGarry in 2013 it's named after
the Irish Street gang that ruled this
part of New York in that era we have
three bars they're open to the public we
have the ground floor top run which
we're going to walk in tonight then we
have the parter which is the first floor
upstairs and finally we have the
occasional room and the second floor
upstairs
welcome to the top room okay so this is
what we would consider to be a proper
Irish pub so myself and Jack both come
from the same area of north Belfast app
is called are doing and these pictures
are all from our joint over the last
hundred years so a lot of these people
are people we went to school for people
that are uncle's or aunts my wife's
grandfather my mother my father they're
all up there somewhere and we have a lot
of people from back home and Belfast
them come in just to see themselves in
the lift yes
so how do you select like I mean you see
a long wall of alcohol
how many Irish whiskeys do you have here
we have the biggest collection of Irish
whiskey me miss a hundred nearly
different bottles 180 yes do you have a
favorite Irish whiskey I mean I have
many favorites it's all like some of its
very expensive the one that I like that
is not too expensive is parse the nature
I just think it's exceptional we use in
our Irish Coffee upstairs the pubs that
I love other pubs do not have TVs and
will you just go and it's all a
conversation and that's a bit they're
the ones that I really really love and
that's what this bar is about the
downstairs tap room serves beer and
casual cocktails this is where wall
shooters locals families and travellers
from everywhere including the home
country come together they love the set
of drunk Gouda and they probably would
even like
so drunk upstairs too strong too bitter
to cock Tillie and they liked the
cocktails down here so Henry's a friend
of ours died about two years ago it was
with Barton and buddy of ours and he was
all about tequila he never got to see
this ball unfortunately but a lot of
partners from especially England and
people here indicate all the world
they've come to this corner they will
sit and talk to Henry a very special
person yes it's just a table that people
come and pay homage to this great man
but it's well-known everybody knows
where Harris corners upstairs the parlor
room is another world altogether there's
a waiting list typically to get up these
stars to get into the junk but up here
is where people who travel from all over
the world to come to have proper
cocktails this is where a dead rabbit
pours the innovative cocktails to put
this pub on the map in a major way it
all began for these guys when they work
in the bar at the merchants hotel in
Belfast we worked in a bar on Belfast it
was a real high-end cocktail bar and we
drank in a pub up a street which was a
deep down and dirty Harry Schwartz
keyboard and when we came to me oh if we
wanted to bring both those ideas
together and so you didn't drink when
you were younger correct I didn't drink
until I was 21
really you might be the only person
definitely the only person running on
yeah when did that like switch flip for
you where you decided that you wanted to
be part of the cocktail movement I get
in the bar tenon by just because it's
very hard to get employment a nanny
shape or form in Belfast and I worked
for a year practically for free I wanted
to be able to travel and wanted we'll
get out of Belfast at that time the gas
there's a lot of all the trouble we
still have them then Shaun happened upon
a story about a humble woodworker who
became among the best in the world at
his craft and made me head like you can
take anything no matter how humble it
seems you can take anything you can be
very original you can be extraordinary
it's just about belief it's about
sacrifice to be recorded cheers to
dreams and I decided in 1998 in Belfast
that I wanted to be the best the world
what he did and so how did you come to
the bartending craft portrayed so I
basically started I was just about to
turn 16 we really like we allowed to
drink at that age I was drinking but you
want to like take a my mom and dad had
no money so I was at that stage where I
was like going get real money so I
started working in a pub like just a
normal plug down the street at my cousin
run
fell in love with with cocktails and
from that I knew there was 11 that we
made and Bart Henin that's when their
paths crossed Shaun hired Jack at the
merchant where Jack became known as one
of the most gifted bartenders anywhere
creating drinks inspired by mid 20th
century glamour at the dead rabbit
history of an earlier time in places at
the heart of the inspiration when you
first cocktail movement begun on
Broadway just on the corner here in the
1850s and we also knew that there was a
farmer in Ireland a queer hunger where a
million immigrants came through the Port
of New York which is now called South
Street Seaport so we knew just up there
and just writing our there was a
narration cocktail thing happen like at
the same time just in the same area but
said by said and we thought that was the
thing I was the reason why we wanted to
come to downtown because this is where
it happened so did you identify with
that character at all of like Irish
immigrants coming to New York to try to
try to make a new life we had to go
through a lot of hardship to get this
place open and our story was very
reminiscent of what immigrants would
have had to go through when they first
came here I mean we were no different
than any other New York one any other
person comes to New York
they found hard we're not saying we were
different but it was very very difficult
for two and a half years before we
opened the place we didn't have a
building we did we only had a contact we
had a guy who had some money and that
was it we didn't know people who knew
how to open bars within your head or
what de rigueur
and there was times when we were really
diving what was ever gonna happen that
and the only thing that kept his going
whose dog dog days was each other
feeding off each other there was it we
sort of forced it to help we opened when
it was a nor'easter in time and we
thought we were gonna be busy but as
soon as we were we were packed we were
originally open like November 10 and
2012 and then hurricane sandy happened
and wiped out this part of time dead
Robert became very very highly
anticipated because is this bar ever
gonna open a little comic setting on
Facebook people were starting to listen
to his people starting to follow us and
then I just remember that post I think
it was on the Thursday he said enough
sent off we're opening tomorrow I was
the post and God was the way it was
received was unbelievable and we were
packed from the word go we went five and
was piped from word girl it was just
that was an unbelievable feeling one of
the bars standouts is the historic
cocktail menu that reads like a book of
short stories I asked Jack to make me
his favorite drink of the moment so the
drink I would like to make it
is column in Fiddler which one of my
favorite ones on the menu at the moment
and it's a riff on a temporary which is
an essential Irish whiskey cocktail also
you have green spot Irish whiskey you
have a sweet vermouth green chartreuse
Campari a nily whiskey and then it's
sunny stuff with cinnamon and aromatic
bitters shall we yes are you ready I'm
ready
so we're going to start off with a dice
aromatic bitters so let's just one dice
and then we're going to add half a
teaspoon of cinnamon cordial so this is
just a just a like a normal simple syrup
infused with cinnamon and then to that
we're going out half an ounce of whiskey
the same again of Campari so the Campari
is going to give you a nice bitterness
and then an herbal liqueur called green
chartreuse so that's going to be 3/4
ounce and then the same again of a sweet
vermouth so sweet vermouth freezer days
can't beat we know and then we're going
to finish it off with a single part
Irish whiskey coal green spot so just
one oats less and then we can add a race
you
we'll just stir it up seven so when
you're starting a lot of the star drinks
you're living to get a lovely Highness
LTPAC sir so to make sure that you have
that you don't want to be over diluted
so you want to keep that soaked with you
reading right and then we're just going
to strain into your cook
trimming fiddle cheers Cheers
that's good yeah that's really good a
great customer experience in a bar is
something you can't quite put your
finger on when everything works together
in perfect harmony and you walk out that
bar and you think you want to something
I had a great night I don't quite know
that wall as I can't quite put my finger
on it but I know I'll be back that place
again we stayed into the evening as the
place crew crowded what brings into the
dead rabbit a client I mean across
screen and whenever Murr down here and
Walter there I've always put their rabid
look what keeps bringing you back I mean
look at it
whiskey waltz of all whiskey there's
there's a rose you it's almost a first
choice for people can we get into the
dead rabbit Don I'll go somewhere else
what what's your faith with a favorite
drink best during the event here help us
kill helter skelter I'm actually the
first night jack a foursome we did like
we did a tasting on the entire menu we
got halfway through it that's a that's a
big it is that's expensive it is but we
got to power half the menu between six
of us so the helter skelter all the way
what that was was gonna help shelter
don't ask us to kiss them
