you
it's very interesting in terms in the
last roughly 500 million years since the
Cambrian era there have been five major
mass extinctions we're major mass
extinction the definitions vary
according to hear us but it's roughly
speaking a half to two-thirds of the
species on the earth disappeared and
they were not perpetuated in other
species those are major major events and
we know roughly the kinds of things that
can cause this to happen it's obviously
major changes in environment be it it
could be temperature or atmosphere some
of you know there's been debates over
what has caused each of the extinctions
is it gasps as releasing the atmosphere
is it is it slow relatively slow stuff
is it very quick stuff could be volcanic
activity could it be a meteoroid hitting
the earth now people are concerned that
we're actually undergoing a six massive
mass extinction the rates at which
species are disappearing seems to be
highly elevated over their normal rates
and it's almost unquestionable that this
is associated with human activity and it
would be very sad if we don't do
something to turn that around
