Isis captured Raqqa Syria in March of
2013 and established the city as its
Syrian capital ten months later they
took Fallujah city just west of Baghdad
Iraq On June 10th of 2014 they seized
Mosul Iraq and loot over 400 million
dollars from the city's bank making it
the richest terrorist organization all
time the next month they take control of
Syria's largest oil field al ahmar on
August 3rd they capture Sinjar and kill
over 5000 Yazidis thousands of women are
raped and forced into slavery Kurdish
forces join the fight against Isis three
days later a us-led coalition begins
airstrikes in Syria on September 23rd
three weeks later the terrorist group is
pushed back from kobani a Syrian city on
Turkey's border
Kurdish forces push Isis out of much of
the Sinjar region in December take
control of kobani in January Jordan and
Egypt launched airstrikes against Isis
in Syria and Libya the following month
the us-led coalition conducts airstrikes
on Tikrit Iraq in March an Iraq takes
the city back days later on May 13th
Isis deputy leader abu allah Austrey is
killed in an airstrike later that month
the route takes Ramadi and Palmyra
Kurdish forces take back tal Abyad in a
base near Raqqa in June turkey launches
independent airstrikes in Syria on July
24th and joins the us-led coalition in
August on the 26th the Kurds drive Isis
out of kier cook province
a month later Russia launches airstrikes
in Syria
so far the US and its coalition partners
have hit Isis with over 8,000 airstrikes
