but for myself
it probably begins the day before
thinking about the departure what sign
the flights gonna be the next day and
obviously getting some rest in
beforehand in the flight so a lot of
flights I depart late on in the evening
so if I can fit in a rest late afternoon
then that's what I'll try and do and
then to check-in drop off the bags and
collect our paperwork which we're gonna
have for the flight which you've
probably already seen and then out to
the aircraft really which once you're
there straight into the flight deck
brief the other crew made my - one or
two first officers depending on the
length of the flight once that's all
been decided they call it called a stop
to that they say briefing complete and
then the captain has the pilot flying he
will start to input data into the FMS
this is basically where they would put
all the data in to do with the fight so
lateral vertical profile performance the
winds to fuel weights
everything would go inside that box so
that deals with the the route so
basically the computer will draw a green
line from from Kennedy back to London in
the meantime at the same time the first
officer then he gets out of his seat he
does the security checks on the on the
flight deck and then he will put on a
high vis and he'll go and do a walk
around the exterior of the aircraft say
these are the static port we have a
captain first upset at a standby one
hydraulic and oil pitot for the on the
right hand side at the front surface
this is a flaps to make sure that the
fan is free spinning all the latches are
flush with a scan of the engine an
instigator of managing people really
you've got the crew you've got the cargo
people coming to see you you've got fuel
decisions to make and that's how the our
pretty much before we pushed by the
aircraft goes
