the American Dream doesn't exist there
never was an American dream we all grew
up with the American Dream the American
dreamer you are surprisingly very
interestingly the things we spend the
most amount of money and time on what
are components of the American Dream
owning a home going to college having a
safe and stable job for 40 years and
then a nice retirement income all three
of those things have been destroyed in
the American dream we already saw in
2009 that the American Dream was a total
lie in the mortgage industry a lot of
people say well I need roots I need my
kids to grow up with a backyard factory
owners where were the initial lenders or
the initial people who would sell you
your house because they don't want you
to move away from the factory they want
you trapped at your job you know you
picture the white picket fence the white
picket fence is not to keep other people
out it's to keep you in college we
already know student loan debt has
passed 1.1 trillion dollars and
meanwhile incomes for people ages 18 to
35 have gone straight down the third
part of the American dream the solid
stable income in general the average
person stays at their job now about 4 to
5 years not 40 years that doesn't happen
anymore except for our grandparents and
parents corporate America is very
quietly laying everybody off and hiring
them back instantly through a temp
agency
why do they do this so they can pay less
money so they don't have to worry about
benefits so they can fire you more
easily without giving you the classic
three warnings we're moving into this
freelancer economy America is made up of
320 million people all of diverse
backgrounds we all have to decide for
ourselves what our individual dream is
don't subscribe to some mass hypnosis
dream that was designed to get us to
spend as much money on time on other
people's dreams as possible choose your
own dream and follow that first
everybody thinks Warren Buffett is like
their grandfather he's kind of like
older and cuddly and then he gives
advice every year with his letters and
to shareholders but the reality is
Warren Buffett will slit your throat in
a dark alley like he is not on the side
of the average investor he has never
been on the side of the average investor
and he never will be I wrote a book
trade like Warren Buffett I went back to
not only his berkshire hathaway letters
which were all publicly available but to
his very private letters from his hedge
fund days in the 1950s long before
anybody even knew who warren buffett was
and i can tell you he is after your
blood
the one thing Warren Buffett has said
which I think investors need to really
remember is that when you buy stock
you're not buying like a poker chip
which you're going to make our lose on
the next hand if you believe the story
of a company it takes a long time to
develop and I'll give Warren Buffett
credit for expressing that in a very
concise manner but-but-but Warren Buffs
as his favorite holding period is
forever that is a king lie you can bleep
it out but that is a lie Warren Buffett
wants you the average investor to hold
forever because you have one big
advantage over Warren Buffett that he
can never ever compete with you on he's
buying and selling every day but he just
can't do it as fast as the average
investor it's not like he's going to buy
a hundred million shares of IBM tomorrow
and sell a hundred million shares of IBM
the day after he wants you to hold IBM
forever so he can buy and sell without
you doing anything even with a guy who
seems as kind and gentle as Warren
Buffett always look for the good reason
and the real reason if you have a
teenager you know exactly what I mean
there's always a good reason I want to
study at the library and there's a real
reason all my friends have drugs at the
library so that's the exact same thing
with Warren Buffett
when you buy a house let's say you're
going to put down an enormous
downpayment you're going to have closing
costs you're going to have maintenance
you're going to have mortgage you're
going to have property taxes
forget about the tax deduction on the
mortgage it's not that big ultimately
you never really own your house the
government owns it that's why you're
paying property taxes and the bank owns
it which is why you're paying a mortgage
you might argue well rent is just
flushing the money down the toilet but
property taxes and maintenance are not
predictable
I had a hurricane hit my house the
landlord has to take every care of
everything the rent did not cover his
maintenance I feel bad but I'm renting
he chose to own if you really believe
housing is a good investment by a real
estate investment trust on the stock
market and watch it go up or down and
your money's totally liquid which is an
important quality of every good
investment when you're just paying rent
you've saved all of that cash you would
have put into them into an investment
you're never going to see again and/or
you're going to see years and years
later
cash is king in this uncertain economy
invest that cash in yourself and that is
the best return you can possibly have
