the US Navy has ten aircraft carriers
which can cost upwards of thirteen
billion each the USS Eisenhower is one
of them
it was deployed 40 years ago and houses
5000 pilots sailors and Marines it
weighs about 200 million pounds and
stretches 1,100 feet long the Ike can
house about 90 planes including f-18
fighter jets which hooked to one of four
cables upon landing the Jets are
equipped with Sidewinder missiles as
well as 500-pound MK 82 bombs altogether
each one weighs about 30,000 pounds
below the flight deck the Ike has a
massive hangar where crews maintain the
planes and equipment it's also a place
for sailors to relax and work out
there's also a missile battery that can
ward off attacks as for amenities
there's a convenience store and even a
Starbucks on board despite the
impressive carrier crew members say the
hardest part is being away from their
families thankfully they're only a phone
call away
