if you want to be more attractive make a
decision to live in a beautiful state to
say I'm not going to give up my
happiness over little stuff I'm not
going to be obsessed about things I
can't control I'm going to focus on what
I can control what I can do and when
people are generous when they're playful
when they're warm when they're sincere
when they're loving people love to be
around them there's nothing more
attractive and when somebody is always
bitching and always complaining you're
always whining are always blaming
somebody else or always fearful are
always worried they're a bummer to be
around I mean just pick it out so what
does it take to be more attractive what
it really takes is appreciating your
life I mean most people they're upsets
are because their expectations aren't
met you expect people to be a certain
way you expect yourself to be a certain
way expecting the government to be a
certain way and it isn't so I always
tell people trade your expectations for
appreciation and your whole life changes
like that if you can just start
appreciating the people around you
appreciating this moment appreciating
things that you're not noticing you'll
live in a beautiful state and other
people will find being around you and
attractive or an enjoyable experience
it's that simple
