the government is enlisting 13 different
departments for research and development
in the event of a solar storm that could
wipe out the use of modern technology
experts constantly monitor space weather
high activity from our Sun generates
powerful solar flares which are intense
bursts of radiation and can disrupt GPS
and communication signals if they reach
earth but the biggest threats are
coronal mass ejections
CME's are huge eruptions that send out
bursts of solar plasma into space
unfathomable amounts of speed
CME's that hit earth could spark
geomagnetic storms wiping out power
grids and leaving us in the dark in
March 1989 a CME caused a blackout in
Quebec over six million people were
without power for nine hours
but the worst zme that ever occurred was
in 1859
notice the caring sentiment it was three
times more powerful than what struck
Quebec it started fires and shortened
out telegraph wires in the US and Europe
NASA revealed that the earth narrowly
avoided a Carrington level CME in 2012
experts say if it would have struck us
it would have cost over two trillion
dollars in damages nASA says there's a
12 percent chance that the earth will
get struck with an extreme solar storm
in the next 10 years
