my name is Sam and I used to be addicted
to dating apps I was using a variety of
apps tinder J swipe which is tinder for
Jewish people happen love flutter
glimpse and hinge I think I went on
around 30 or so dates over the course of
using apps the date that led me to
delete all of my dating apps was on
tinder it was a date that I had a lot of
expectations for this one she looked
very good in her photos we had a lot of
great text chemistry I got to the date
and she did not look like anything in
her photos it's not about me being
superficial it's about if that's who
you're presenting and you're not that
person your life that's deception to me
I got him do a cab after the date and
deleted every single one of the apps I
had deleting all of my dating apps is
one of the best decisions that I've made
recently
it made me flex that dating muscle again
that that flirtatious muscle again that
I thought even to a degree I started to
lose because I'd become so invested in
my phone it wouldn't matter if I was
waiting in line at a restaurant or
buying groceries when maybe I could
interact with someone and talk to them
instead what was I doing
I was swiping right I was giving myself
a little carpal tindr syndrome if you
want to call it that I've been on
several other dates since that have
lasted well beyond one date and I'm able
to make a meaningful connection that I
wasn't getting through a dating app
I admit that I had a dating app on my
phone for a little time that dating app
was Bumble and I was intrigued by bumble
because the girl has to message you so I
thought that was interesting I wanted to
try it it's no longer on my phone you
can check my phone I also felt that I
could do that because I had already gone
through the process of knowing in myself
that oh it gets too much I can bring
myself down there was a time when there
were no dating apps we actually had to
meet people in real life if you miss
opportunities and your head is down on
your phone you were never going to find
opportunities that you really want
