what you are about to see is the stuff
that vacuums which follow revolutions
are made of while most conspiracy
theories are disregarded or ignored as
years pass secrets can surface here are
three government conspiracies that
turned out to be true Operation
Northwoods in 1962 American military
leaders planned terrorist attacks
against the United States to drum up
support for a war against Cuba the plan
included funerals for mock victims and
even blowing up a u.s. ship in
Guantanamo Bay and blaming Cuba the plan
was presented to the Kennedy
administration a days later President
Kennedy told chairmen of the Joint
Chiefs of Staff General Lyman el limits
er he would never consider it the Gulf
of Tonkin incident one of the key
factors that sparked escalation of u.s.
involvement in the Vietnam War was an
attack between the u.s. and North
Vietnamese ships the USS Maddox evaded a
torpedo attack by the Vietnamese in the
Gulf of Tonkin reports claimed the USS
Maddox engaged with the ships on August
2nd and again on August 4th the events
prompted Congress to allow President
Lyndon Johnson to intervene in the
southeast but speculation began almost
immediately after the reported incident
the government even admitted later that
the August 4th incident may have
involved false radar images 41 years
later declassified documents reveal that
the incident on August 4th never
actually happened
the iran-contra affair in the 1987
American hostages were taken by a terror
group in Lebanon ties to Iran which at
the time was in a war with rock around
the same time a civil war was growing in
Nicaragua between an authoritarian
government with an increasingly close
relationship with the Soviet Union and a
controversial anti-communist group
called the Contras we were receiving
support from the US Congress didn't
approve of supporting the Contras and
passed the Boland amendment which made
assistance to them illegal but national
security member Lieutenant Colonel
Oliver North
thought of a plan for both situations he
organized selling arms to Iran with help
from Israel breaking and established
embargo in exchange for help freeing the
hostages and they used funds from the
sale to secretly support the Contras but
the situation derailed news of the
covert exchanges leaked let me put this
in capital letters I did not know about
the diversion of funds
indeed I didn't know there were excess
funds Reagan's involvement remains
unclear an independent council charged
fourteen people involved North was
convicted on three counts a few years
later his convictions were reversed only
five of the seven hostages were released
you
