The Secret Service men who were guarding
the presidential motorcade who were in
the follow-up car to JFK and Jacqueline
Kennedy during the Dallas motorcade in
1963 had been out drinking until 2 3 4 5
o'clock in the morning so those guys who
were responsible for saving the lives of
JFK and Jacqueline were clearly impaired
what happened was the night before they
were all in Fort Worth with the
president they hadn't gotten anything to
eat all day so after the president of
the first lady went to bed 7 of the
Secret Service men went out looking for
food and first they went to the Fort
Worth Press Club where they had heard
there would be some food but there
wasn't any so they had a beer a couple
scotches whatever and then some of them
went back to the hotel and a few of them
went on to another club called the
cellar coffee house which Chief Justice
Earl Warren was furious about this when
he found out and in the Warren
Commission report there's Chief Justice
Earl Warren exploding about that then he
calls the cellar coffee house some
hippie joint right so some of them
stayed at the cellar coffee house until
five in the morning for a four and eight
o'clock calls so you know if you're up
until 5:00 in the morning if you've had
anything to drink you're not your best
self at noon or 12:30 the next day
