researchers at Arizona State University
and the University of Illinois examined
hurricane deaths in the u.s. from 1952
2012 excluding outliers Audrey and
Katrina researchers analyzed the 47 most
damaging hurricanes female named
hurricanes produced an average of forty
five deaths male named storms produce an
average of twenty three deaths that's
nearly double the number of fatalities
this difference was even more pronounced
comparing strongly masculine to strongly
feminine names in judging the intensity
of a storm people appear to be applying
their beliefs about how men and women
behave this makes a female named
hurricane especially one with a very
feminine name such as Belle or Cindy
seem gentler and less violent the study
claims that changing a severe hurricanes
name from Charlie to Eloise could nearly
triple its death toll to test their
hypothesis researchers set up six
experiments presenting a series of
questions when presented with the same
scenario participants predicted a
hurricane named Alexander to be more
intense than one named Alexandra they
were also more likely to evacuate for
hurricane Christopher and hurricane
Christina the study however was
criticized for its findings but
researchers responded with a rebuttal
some complained that male hurricane
names weren't introduced until nineteen
seventy nine but authors of the study
responded by saying that even during the
years when only female names were used
1953 to 1978 the femininity of their
names significantly predicted their
death toll some also criticized the
study for overstating the importance of
hurricane names and ignoring other
factors we cannot claim nor did we claim
that gendered naming is more important
than other factors other factors
certainly matter as well but that
doesn't mean we should ignore the
apparent impact of the femininity of the
names the study recommends policymakers
consider a naming system that reduces
the influence of biases instead of the
arbitrary naming system in place today
you
