a scientific study set out to find out
why there's a discrepancy in developed
countries between the amount of kids
people say they want and the amount they
actually end up having Germans say they
want two children but the average birth
rate is only 1.5 for the study 2016
Germans were surveyed before they had
their first child and asked on a scale
from 1 to 10 how satisfied are you with
your life all things considered three to
five years before the birth of a child
the average score of happiness was seven
point four out of ten one to two years
after the birth of a child seventy
percent said their happiness decreased
with Parenthood resulting in a 1.4 unit
drop on average this puts Parenthood and
an even larger drop in happiness than
that caused by unemployment divorce or
the death of a partner the data showed
that the larger the Lawson well-being
after a first child the lower the
likelihood of a second child this study
can help German policymakers understand
how to improve fertility perhaps by
providing more support for new parents
as Germany has now replaced japan with
the lowest birth rate in the world
