America is obsessed with water at the
source untouched by man when you drink
water you drink I will drink more water
it's refreshing and it's better for me
it's a huge myth that we need to drink
eight glasses of water every day this
push to drink more water is resulted in
a rise in bottled water sales and a
decrease in soda sales but it turns out
there's no science to back this eight
glasses claimed many believe the eight
glasses myth is based on a 1945 food and
nutrition board recommendation that said
a suitable allowance of water for adults
as 2.5 litres daily in most instances
but people often ignore this later
sentence most of this quantity is
contained in prepared foods we consume
water almost all day without knowing it
it's in fruits vegetables coffee juice
and beer so there's no need to consume
eight glasses of water a day and there's
no real scientific proof that for
otherwise healthy people drinking extra
water has any health benefits turns out
there's no official daily water
recommendation it all depends on what
you eat where you live and what you're
doing according to dr. Kevin Miller of
Central Michigan University you do not
need to stay ahead of your thirst as
many people think so when should you
drink only when you were thirsty your
body will signal you well before you're
actually dehydrated
