the idea of creating holy space is
really an idea that people generally
appreciate today
one of the prohibited activities on the
Sabbath is something called carry
the rabbi's realized the difficulty in
enjoying the Sabbath if you weren't
allowed to carry outside of the house
and therefore they created a construct
in which the area in which the Jews
lived was enclosed first by a wall or a
fence and then eventually by a symbolic
wall or fence which was created by
setting up two poles and a string on the
top of the two poles and that imaginary
wall served to religiously enclose the
neighborhood and to allow Jews to carry
within that neighborhood what's amazing
is that in 1970 there were under ten a
rooms in all of North America now I
would say there are over 200 Arabs yes
there is an Arab in Manhattan the a roof
that began in 1999 as a small community
a room on the Upper West Side is now the
a roof that encloses almost all of
Manhattan from a hundred and twenty
sixth Street all the way down to the
southern tip of Manhattan the rabbi goes
early in the morning on Thursday
to check the entire enclosure to make
sure that the strings and the poles are
all exactly where they need to be and
then he at the end of that identifies
places that might need to be repaired if
there is a place that needs to be
repaired this rabbi meets the
maintenance company first thing on
Friday morning and they repair the aim
of the upkeep of the a roof the
maintenance of the a room the rabbi
costs up a little over a hundred
thousand dollars a year
the Manhattan a roof is the most
expensive a roof in the
but I'm happy to report that our a rule
has never been down not after the
Thanksgiving Parade where some of the
some of the floats knocked down our ear
of strings and not even after Hurricane
sandy the a roof has always been
repaired and ready for service come
Friday after you
