I don't know what do you think it's kind
of spooky for me it's really like about
the photography you know I'm like a
photographer first who happens to be
taking pictures of abandoned buildings
so it's not so much about like the act
of exploring the space as it is just
going in there and taking pictures so
the tripod is like really important
because you're usually doing you know 10
15 30-second exposures in these places
because it's very dark for the most part
so I often do a lot of different
exposures and then kind of bring them
together with masks and things in
Photoshop I think I've always been drawn
to creepy things you know even as a kid
it was ghosts and monsters and Halloween
and all that February of 2012 was the
first time I went into an abandoned
building I was just kind of out in
Brooklyn in Red Hook
just came across this big empty
warehouse I was just kind of hooked from
that moment on
so so yeah technically what I do is
trespassing I'm not necessarily in it
for the trespassing I don't get a thrill
out of breaking the law or anything like
that but it's really just kind of
necessary in most places it's the only
way to see them for the most part
so urban exploration is you know a hobby
for people has really become popular and
I feel like social media is fueling that
a lot so it used to be you know you
would hear about places from a couple of
blogs or from kind of word-of-mouth
not that I'm encouraging everyone to do
this but you know there's there's no
kind of there's nothing holding you back
from doing the same kind of thing and as
you can see it's very accessible
