of course this other guy he's sat just
behind me with his huge knife so I'm
just you know leaning forward I'm so
sure I'm literally gonna be backstabbed
my name is Gunnar gothis I'm from a tiny
village on the New Eden West Coast I've
been in every country in the world the
best thing about traveling is exploring
challenging your own comfort zone and
you can only do that by traveling
somewhere you haven't been yet if you
travel into poor countries in Africa in
Asia South America North America you as
a westerner you're quite a likely target
I always travel with a suit jacket then
I have I have all my I my friends and
stuff when one inner pocket I my
passport in the other of my money I have
my wallet so all the stuff I cannot lose
that's always on me and I mean if I lose
my luggage it's not the end of the world
I can buy new stuff but I'd rather not
lose my passport my phone and my wallet
those are the essentials really I've
been very lucky almost no bad
experiences while while traveling I
guess that does have something to do
with experience it does have something
give it with how you approach people you
don't behave arrogantly you try to be
humble and you know you sort of realize
if you're broke in any unwritten rules
for anything and I knew well then you
just apologize them but maybe most
importantly you smile and you should
smile a lot approach people in a humble
way and when you do this you're very
unlikely to run into troubles
