the main theme is this idea of the
dressing down and the more casualisation
of Taylor clothing and really making it
feel sporty or I'm making it feel like
sports wear one of the items we want to
talk about was the classic crewneck
sweatshirt this one happens to be from
rag and bone the gray is really the
classic shade for it but you can find in
many other colors but if you only have
one this is the color to go you always
need a good pair of jeans in your
wardrobe you want it to be a little bit
lighter look like it's really been
broken in and in a natural way and this
company Baldwin denim does a really
great job of these they're all made in
the USA so when you talk about dressing
down a suit or dressing up your weekend
wardrobe the most important thing that
you're going to find the most versatile
thing is a really really great pair of
sleek simple sneakers that really really
feel luxurious this is an example for
mr. hair which is a British company that
we started working with last season
they're all made in Italy out of veggie
tan leather this is an online
unconstructed blazer this one happens to
be from canale the idea of this jacket
is the fact that it is completely online
it works just as well the t-shirt and
jeans as it does with a pair of slacks
and a certain time right here we have an
oversized scarf we're seeing a lot of
these on the runway and also in stores
on this one has a little bit of a
blanket strike to it it's a great thing
to just you know again keep you warm
transitional dressing so gets a little
hot gets a little cold you're not going
to be overheating you can take this off
the idea of mobility is very important
and I think that the idea of being able
to do a lot in your clothes and not have
to change for one environment to another
is really important also the modern man
because so much is so much as asked of
all of us in every in any single day
