I can't think of any other place that
regularly offers like bison burgers and
bear burger is this really cool
restaurant that started in Queens around
2009 they're locally sourced they talk
about where the food comes from
they have elk bison all these different
kinds of meat you can build your own
custom burger and you can choose
everything from the type of bun to the
type of meat right down to like
condiments and spreads it's full table
service which is something that Shake
Shack doesn't offer so people like that
because they can have a burger which is
a casual kind of food and they can have
that experience that they're actually
eating out of the restaurant they are
going everywhere now not only in New
York City but around the country as well
they're opening like nine new locations
in the US this fall alone I think the
biggest competition for Bear burger are
probably more upscale burger chains that
are staying in that 10 to 15 dollar
price point such a Shake Shack all of
the better burger chains that you're
really seeing take over right now fast
food burger chains versus what bear
burgers doing is something entirely
different people want to know where
their food has come from originally and
the word organic automatically gives
food this air that it's healthy I think
people who go to bear burger are going
there because they want to eat at Bear
burger not because they want to eat a
burger fast Bear burger is a sit-down
restaurant it's more along the lines of
a finer better quality Applebee's or
something like that bear burger is still
fairly expensive and so if bear burger
wants to compete with big fast food then
it would have to work on the pricing
they really need to lower their price
point their burgers are in the 12 13 14
dollar range and that's just not
sustainable if you really want to go
after the big dogs
