most men don't want to be fashionable
they just want to basically not look
like idiots
Uniqlo is this great fashion brand out
of Japan that's going crazy in the u.s.
right now men tend to be mission
shoppers they go into the store and they
know exactly what they want they want
the same shirt and a bunch of different
colors and when mango to Uniqlo that's
going to be easy the store is very
organized they don't have to worry about
fashion well from personal experience
watching my boyfriend shop there it
seems that they like going to pieces
that they know will look good on them
and that they know are cheap and
affordable additionally people want good
value and their price point is excellent
a lot of men have anxiety when they go
into a store because they're worried
that they're not going to be able to
find something that looks right you've
ever shopped with a guy you know they
first look lost and if they know the one
thing that they like they gravitate
towards that and just get that so when
you go to Uniqlo you don't have to worry
about buying something that's
unfashionable or that's out of your
comfort zone when you go to Uniqlo you
can just buy basics and then love that
so if a guy knows that one fits him
really well he'll say cool I can get
that in red blue green etc you can also
know that when you go to Uniqlo that
it's going to be a pretty good shirt
whereas if you go to hmm it might fall
apart after a few washes a lot of
companies like Gap are focusing on
basics again so Uniqlo needs to stay one
step ahead and keep innovating Uniqlo
kind of lucky that gaps on the decline
so they have a great opportunity to keep
getting even better
Uniqlo could really increase its
visibility in the US and just let
consumers know that it has great
tailored shirts it has great tailored
pants and that they have this amazing
quality
