everybody loves to laugh in fact humans
laugh an average of 17 times per day but
what is laughter what makes it happen
and how does it affect us Webster's
dictionary defines laughter as the
expression of mirth pleasure derision or
nervousness with a vocal expulsion of
air from the lungs accompanied by
characteristic facial and bodily
movements okay so what makes this vocal
expulsion occur according to the
American Medical Association it's a
neural reaction generated by a synaptic
relation in the reticular b.i science
reporter Tonya Lewis here's how it
actually works the frontal lobe of the
brain is responsible for emotional
responses the left side of the brain is
responsible for interpreting the words
and the structure of a joke
the right side is responsible for
identifying what makes it funny
and the limbic system is also important
this area includes the amygdala and the
hippocampus and is involved in basic
responses like fear or hunger the motor
areas of the brain become active and
these are the areas that actually
produce the Chuckle or the physical
action of laughing Thank You Tanya
humans are one of the only species on
the planet that laughs although some
scientists have observed laughter in
primates during tickling it hasn't been
definitively confirmed the best thing
about laughter it's good for you
a study by the University of Maryland
linked laughter to the healthy function
of blood vessels that could lower the
chance of a heart attack
laughter boosts your heart rate and
increases the production of antibodies
that strengthen your immune system and
according to a Princeton study laughing
is contagious the sound of it provokes
more laughter that's why sitcoms use
laugh tracks the sound of laughter
subconsciously makes us think that
whatever is happening is funny laughing
is healthy we need it to survive
so keep laughing it could save your life
