I think the first thing that if you need
to think about is lean or fatty I'm a
I'm a fatty steak person you know I like
it was something that's well marbled and
the fattier cuts tend to have more
flavor some people eat lean stuff
because some people like the flavor and
if there's good options you know either
way I guess the classics are t-bone rib
eye porterhouse bone-in cuts like that
top sirloin flat irons great cut to
consider for grilling in Denver is
another one that we do here it's a
really fatty shoulder cut that you don't
see a lot that works excellent it's safe
to leave it out for two hours you know
before you cook you know give it time to
really accept the flavors of whatever
dry season and I put on it I find an
inch and a quarter is a perfect
thickness to get a good hard sear on the
outside and a nice pink strip in the
middle which is what I'm always looking
for I guess the prime sort of prime cuts
to age stuff and the fattier cuts tend
to lend themselves better to you know a
really really really hot searing going
through direct heat moving into indirect
heat you know
just a couple minutes ID to get it good
in blackens and then a couple minutes
aside you know at a lower temperature
depending on how you like it cooked
I cook on especially on the grill almost
everything I cook by touch yeah that's
pretty good I mean if you flex your
forearm yeah on a steak or chicken I
would just go for something slightly
firmer just slightly firmer
you
