his name is literally on every single
thing so I don't know if you've noticed
but Donald Trump is very rich so rich in
fact back in the 80s he made a game
about being rich like him it's called
Trump the game it's okay if never heard
of it nobody has and it is absolutely
insane Trump the game made by board game
company Milton Bradley was a total flop
when it was released in 1989
I get the feeling that Donald Trump
himself felt that the game was doomed he
did very little promotion for it as a
matter of fact he only showed up in the
game's commercial for two seconds to
save this line my new game is Trump the
game trauma that game as non-committal
as it is redundant I can't blame them
just looking at this game it looks
brutal this is the rulebook for a board
game look at us two three four five six
seven eight part two this one the second
part of the playing the game and this is
page nine in this game you move around a
board buy property with fake money that
has Trump's face on it now if you think
this game sounds a lot like monopoly
it's that it actually has a lot of
similarities to Monopoly for instance
both games are boring the character
pieces are different colored capital T's
I'm not quite sure what the T stands for
and on the dice instead of a six
it's a T because I'm assuming T is the
six letter of the alphabet I don't know
why I'm not making the connection
imagine having to play this game with
your family or with your friends I mean
no matter who you are be the same
conversation gee whiz do you think he'll
become president what's with his hair
and I go home can you pick a more
uninviting board game this just looks
like an insane bummer how can I get my
hands on this game you ask well just go
ahead onto eBay and you'll see that a
lot of people are selling their copy
it's gone for about six dollars which i
think is fair price except for this one
guy who's selling over three thousand
who may or may not be Donald Trump so
there now you know about this thing that
exists
