you should just go for it and I think
people that are just more fearless kind
of do better because and I think the
older you get some people get more
fearful some people get less but I think
that's one of the things you have to
watch out for when you're starting out
this you should be fearless as much as
you can be
I'm all about breaking routines I hate
to get in ruts kind of always trying to
try new things and I don't want to rely
on last my previous successes but you
have to be tough on yourself
you have to always be telling yourself I
always feel like there's tons of ideas
that it's more about discipline so I
don't think I have any problem you know
like I think writers have writer's block
but I don't feel that way as a designer
because I think there's so much
inspiration but I think it's more about
discipline and saying what's you and
what's not you I'm not sure what talent
is anymore because I remember when I was
in design school I thought talent was
somebody who could draw really well and
had like really good ideas but it's
almost you have to be like a bigger
architect then you have to have sort of
a vision and a point of view you need a
support group you know and every you
know you need a support group in the
production you need a support group in
design you have a support group in the
sales so you really do need a team to
put the whole package together
