I'm just as excited as everyone else
about the new Star Wars movie but
there's definitely a chance that it may
not live up to the hype one reason this
guy director JJ Abrams let me be clear i
am a JJ Abrams fan I love his Star Trek
movies I'm a huge fan of his screenplay
for regarding Henry while Abrams is a
master at creating hype for his projects
some of them have failed to pay off
let's start with lost and before the
trolls tear me a new one I understand
that JJ Abrams had quote nothing to do
with the way the show ended but he did
start it and the way it played out let a
lot of people down then there was
Cloverfield the found-footage monster
movie that had a brilliant trailer that
broke the internet but in the end the
payoff was a little underwhelming then
there was super 8 Abrams Oh Maj too
early Spielberg movies it had an
insanely great trailer that got me in
the theater but in the end the big
reveal disappointed big time and here we
are in 2015 and Abrams has us all hyped
up again for star wars the force awakens
while we know very little about the plot
we do know that it will feature much of
the original cast which is exciting but
definitely concerning because think back
to just a few years ago and one of the
most successful franchises ever was
resurrected starring a much older
version of its hero disaster it made a
lot of money but at the cost of angering
and insulting the majority of its
fanbase it's already a guaranteed
millions of people myself included are
gonna pay money to see this movie we'll
just have to wait and see if Abrams
pulls another big bait and switch I'm
just managing my expectations because
for all we know it might be a trap but
try out like a trap like Admiral Ackbar
you know
