so the first I call indispensable
America and that's one that many
Americans will be familiar with it's the
idea that even though we may not want to
be the world's policeman if we don't
lead no one else will clearly Marco
Rubio is the candidate that is most
aligned with that these are people that
are basically saying look if there's any
threat to international airspace
cyberspace
you know oceans not just us
international Americans are gonna
actively defend that that sounds like
indispensable to me a second very
different option is Moneyball America
we're only gonna spend on the things
that are gonna give us a return and
that's what Moneyball America would be
it would be stop talking about democracy
to countries that have no interest in it
or places where it wouldn't work if you
try to put it in place stop talking
about human rights and lecturing the
Chinese who have more money than God and
they're just gonna say no what are you
gonna do about it and and stop trying to
project power in places where you're
just throwing it down the drain instead
we're gonna spend money on places and
allies that really care interestingly
Hillary Clinton when she was Secretary
of State really did have a Moneyball
record she actually said you know you
can't really criticize your banker for
human rights sucking on China and even
as Canada she's only taking a few
questions and she's become candidate but
one of the very few she did take was to
say you know what your hobbies are gonna
have to fix a rock the Americans are
gonna help they're gonna be involved but
we're not gonna fix that problem and so
that that really sounds a lot like
Moneyball then then the last choice that
we have is independent America
independent America it's not
isolationism we're in a globalized world
we still have to trade we're still gonna
be engaged in a global marketplace but
we're not gonna fix everyone else's
problems we're not gonna demand respect
by grabbing people by the scruff and say
here's the way you have to do it we're
gonna command respect
by actually leading by example
Rand Paul sounds most like independent
it is like why did you do Libya
everyone's contorting themselves what
saying well would we or wouldn't we do
Iraq if we knew what we didn't know it
you know Rand Paul has been very clear
we'd be better off of Saddam Hussein
we're still there in other words at
least Americans why are you doing this
why are you spending the money those
dead Americans you're not getting them
back and that's affect places so you had
three very different you know sort of
strategies you have candidates that have
already started to align themselves so
so 2016 as an election this is our
opportunity to really force these
candidates they know foreign policy
matters force them to answer these
questions
