everybody thinks that everyone's having
more sex than them one of the biggest
problems with finding out what the
normal amount of sex people should be
having is that when it comes to surveys
and doing really good research people
lie and a lot of sex for a married
couple could be a couple of times a week
all right
but if you have a couple with a low sex
drive and they could be very compatible
and very much in love with each other
maybe that couples having sex once a
week once a month once every couple of
months and if it's not a problem for
them why should it be a problem
but it's really such a personal choice
between a couple and they should be
having as much or as little sex as they
want to have but if you truly feel that
you're not sexually satisfied and your
husband and wife hasn't been responsive
you know perhaps you haven't brought it
up to them in the right way so what you
want to do is initiate a conversation
about sex
and you probably don't want to do it in
the bedroom and you probably don't want
to do it right after you've had sex you
know choose a good moment where you have
some time to talk and you know just say
to your partner listen I've been
thinking about our sex life and you know
I love you so much I'm still very
attracted to you and it makes me sad
that you know we have sex so and
frequently I'd I'd really love to have
more sex with you you know how are you
feeling about that you know do you want
to tell me why you think from your
perspective we don't have very much sex
are you interested in having a more
active sex life and I think if you bring
it up to your partner like that more
times than not the other person will say
I actually would like to have more sex
you
