bienvenidos on nuestra casa aqui in
Havana Cuba vamanos
okay so this is it this is the the
living room
and then she'll fold a lot of communist
literature here we have five volumes on
we live in here so this is me king-size
bed here you see it's very comfortable
it's actually just two single push
together but very comfortable
nonetheless so this is my fan which has
been on full blast
if I have this running and the water
pressure situation we're working with I
have yet to take a hot shower on the
entire trip
Amanda's bathroom gets hot water but our
bathroom is not which doesn't think been
a big deal because we're in Cuba where
it's extremely hot and humid all day I
guess is that's of the day I guess how
do you use that that I shouldn't before
we leave at least just give it a try
okay this is our kitchen and dining area
we have our fridge which was stopped for
us with some beers the two beers of
choice here you hear the man it seems
like these are the only two beers you
can find is a crystal and book and arrow
they stock that in here we have like
it's like minibar prices it's like two
dollars for a beer so the thing is the
water is the big issue here we have to
manually change the water pressure at
night
otherwise it won't work properly so
here's the deal if you want the water to
run correctly you have to do a
combination of these levers so during
the daytime the blue one has to be up
and the red ones have to be down and at
night these go up and this one goes down
wasn't explained to us in the the Airbnb
description wasn't wasn't sort of
explained to us when we got here so that
was that's weird that would be one of
the major negative experiences we've had
with the Airbnb which has been few and
far between
overall our experience here at the
Airbnb has been really positive
hasta luego s-- adios
you
