if you have a 401k match you don't do it
for as much as you can possibly force
yourself to do you're an idiot if you
don't have a 401k then there's so many
esoteric dumbass banking rules right
where you can't just put $10 or $20 into
the bank because of all the service fees
they're gonna crush you right and so
there's a variety of new things and
opportunities that are coming up where
if you can get yourself to put in $10 a
week $20 a week $100 a month if you're
21 and you put in a hundred dollars a
month and you put it into a vanguard
index fund let's say hopefully you'll be
able to increase those amounts and so
literally if you can train yourself to
save 100 bucks a month and grow it as
you earn more you're gonna be a
millionaire by the time you retire if
you don't you're gonna be in the same
boat I was at 27 and broke or trying to
figure it out or you know others at 50
or 60 will have nothing the
opportunities exist and if you can
invest in just a you know a stock index
fund SPX bond and guard I mentioned
because it's the lowest cost do it do it
do it do it do it do it two less beers
no these days one less be one less
fireball shot and you can be rich have
those first five fireballs but that was
last two
