the world's biggest problems or the
world's biggest business opportunities
you want to come a billionaire help a
billion people with the recent
announcements that Larry Page Elon Musk
and Richard Branson and Paul Jacobs have
have had for global megabit connectivity
we're talking about tens of trillions of
dollars flowing to the global economy as
three to five billion new minds end up
producing and contributing so this hyper
connected world is going to change
everything when I think about the
opportunities for entrepreneurs today
it's the notion that the world's biggest
problems or the world's biggest business
opportunities you want to come a
billionaire help a billion people and
the realization is that we truly are
living in an extraordinary time and that
things are not really scarce there's
really a mindset shift you can make to
see things as abundant if talk about
energy scarcity but we live on a planet
that is bathed in 5,000 times more
energy from the Sun than we consume as a
species in a year we're heading towards
a world where AI is going to provide us
effectively education for the
billionaire the poorest child that is
completely democratized and leveled
there are a set of exponential
technologies computers Network sensors
AI or robotics 3d printing synthetic
biology that are the most powerful
technologies that entrepreneurs can now
begin to use to attack the world's
biggest problems and really make a
difference in this world and that gets
me excited
