so we're told from an early age this
magic formula of degree equals job more
than half the unemployed do have college
degrees so it's not as if a college
degree is a guarantee of a job Google
has even said they don't care that much
anymore if you have a college degree or
not which is a big difference than they
were like even five or six years ago I
have a 16 year old daughter she doesn't
even know how to save twenty dollars in
just six years is she gonna have
suddenly $80,000 in debt like that is
insane I went to a good undergrad and
majored in computer science I was a
computer programmer I went to a good
grad school for computer science then I
took a job at HBO my programming skills
were so bad they had to send me to a
remedial school for two months just so I
could catch up to their lowest level
employees and after going to grad school
in college for computer programming so
what did I learn there obviously not an
education let's say at the age of 18 you
travel around the world or you join a
charity that builds schools and
Guatemala
you're gonna you're gonna have
networking opportunities there too
incredibly smart people are you know
spending years abroad working on
charities before they go back to their
careers and those are networking
connections you'll have for life
guaranteed you're gonna have amazing
connections also when you go to college
it's all with the same demographic than
you went to high school with and it's
all people on the same age that's the
last time in your life that's ever going
to happen to you it's not reflective of
the real world your your education is
decades behind or years behind what's
happening in the real world you're
you're not in any kind of environment
which simulates what it'll be you're
like in the real world and it doesn't
really teach you how to think out of the
box now some people say to me well would
you rather have a neurosurgeon operate
on you if he's unlicensed or if you went
to Harvard that's sort of a weird
question because it's against a lot for
someone to operate on my brain if they
didn't get a medical degree but let's
say that it wasn't against law I'd
rather have a neurosurgeon who did a
thousand surgeries operate on me rather
than some guy who got a random education
I have told them I am willing to support
whatever they want to do except college
if they want to go work for a charity or
five different charities around the
world if they want to audition to be I
don't know an actress if they want to
spend a year writing a book it's all
cheaper options than college you know
you can get all around the world for
your young on $50 a day
I'd rather do that than spend twenty
thousand dollars where they go to like a
school where they learn nothing if you
have a college degree no problem this is
not saying you made a wrong decision I
think the decisions are changing because
now I get the mi t--'s entire curriculum
is free online now I can take courses at
Coursera or you and me or or Khan
Academy or a million other places the
decision-making environment for college
versus not College has changed
