what makes people fall in love it's
extremely abstract and often subjective
concept but there actually is some
science behind it
I talked to Gary Numan a psychotherapist
and author who identified five
scientifically proven things that could
make somebody fall in love with you
number one maintain consistent eye
contact
Newman cites a study by Harvard
psychologist Zig Rubin it states that
people who are in love maintain eye
contact 75% of the time it's that simple
intimacy increases between people who
look away less be a good listener
Newman cited a study by a group of
psychologists at the University of
Nevada and the University of Washington
that shows that listening is a key to
making someone fall in love with you
Newman said we love to have people show
interest in who we are what we
experience and how those experiences
make us feel don't react to what the
other person is saying by digressing and
making it about you wanting to be heard
as a primal need ask follow-up questions
and respond with compassion that same
study cites validation as a key to
falling in love according to Newman you
need to make your partner feel like a
winner a feeling that directly leads to
love Newton said the other person will
love you if they feel like they're
getting it right with you
he said that 48% of couples and failed
relationships cited a sense of a lack of
appreciation at home
this one is basic according to a study
at Drake University smiling is a key to
making someone fall in love with you it
makes you more attractive and engaging
Newman also said it makes you look more
like a winner
according to Newman the numbers don't
lie
one Harvard study showed that the
majority of people who touched each
other more reported more satisfaction in
the relationship Newman says it drives
your sense of comfort with each other it
increases the overall levels of intimacy
to review these are five scientifically
proven things you can do to make someone
fall in love with you maintain eye
contact be a good listener exhibit
behavior that makes the other person
feel validated smile a lot and touch
each other and here's one more that
Newman shared embrace the other person's
passion he said that when someone is
passionate about something they're
offering their vulnerable selves in that
passion when you embrace the emotion
that the other person gets from that
passion you're mixing with that deeper
feeling that could lead to falling in
love so you can add that one to the list
as well
