whenever I'm in California my friends
always tell me to go to in-n-out burger
it's the best they say it's way better
than McDonald's it's like the West Coast
Shake Shack gas in and out so on my
latest trip to California I went to
in-and-out and ordered a couple of
things from their secret menu although
it's not really a secret since they
display it proudly on their website this
behemoth is the 4x4 animal style let's
break it down
the 4x4 means you're getting a burger
with four beef patties and four slices
of American cheese every in-and-out
burger comes with your choice of lettuce
tomato onions and their special spread
which is basically Thousand Island
dressing getting a burger animal style
means each beef patty is fried with
mustard and includes pickles grilled
onions and extra spread
it's messy it's greasy there's cheese
and sauce everywhere but what else can
you expect from a burger this size the
fries which you can find on the regular
menu aren't anything to write home about
they're not as crispy as McDonald's
fries but they're not as potatoey
as shake Shack's crinkle-cut fries even
if you get an animal style they're still
not that great the milkshake was also
very middle of the road for me
slightly better than McDonald's but
nowhere near as good as a thick and rich
milkshake from Shake Shack for the
carb-conscious
in and out can replace the bun on any
burger with the lettuce wrap and could I
also get a double-double protein style
now I'm not really the type who pays
attention to my carb intake well this
really over the lettuce wrap gives the
burger a nice crunch and allows the
flavors of the fresh beef cheese and
sauce to take over but as tasty as it
may be the protein style burger falls
apart way too easily and it's too much
of a mess to deal with
secret menu aside in and out is
somewhere in between McDonald's and
Shake Shack in both price and food
quality but since I might never make its
way to the east coast most people will
have to venture out west for their own
in-and-out experience
