I was the winner of the WPT World
Championship which is the World Poker
Tour and that was for about nine hundred
and seventy-five thousand dollars I was
supposed to play a different tournament
I click on the tournament and I click
register and I go look and I see
something's wrong I just looked weird
and I go look and I've registered for
the wrong tournament it says very
specifically in the writing you cannot
get a refund for this seat so I
understood that I've had a pre-planned
family vacation to Europe for about
eight or nine months it's been playing
maybe a long time countless hours spent
talking to my mother I think at first
she was disappointed and now she's about
as proud and happy and not upset as
someone could possibly be it still
definitely hasn't sunk in I also still
don't have the money on deposit for many
different reasons so like I think maybe
when I see an account balance with a
number on it then maybe it'll sink in a
little more I'm 26 years old from
Brooklyn New York I come from a very
normal family nicest parents in the
world they're super supportive of poker
and everything I kind of realized very
quickly that poker was was where I
needed to be in life discovered online
poker which was a huge boom for me I
would say that I was probably making
anywhere between maybe 40 to 60 grand a
year I think the big thing was just kind
of saying this is what I want to do and
I am going to take all of my focus
that's in these other areas and put it
into poker saying you know this is me
this is what I am this is what I do I'm
a poker player and the more you believe
in yourself and the more you believe in
that the quicker it's gonna actually
come to fruition I've spent a lot of
years kind of doing this and building
towards this goal and yeah it's been a
really long journey
I wouldn't mind those Aryans women are
his money do I want to be like you know
posting pictures of these like shooting
guns and all this I don't know but I'm
not walking around talking about money
or like going up to women and being like
hey I want this no it's like I'm not
interested in because of that it keeps
me kind of very grounded and I have a
very grounded group of friends who will
you know let me know exactly how much of
it so I have at any time so that's
that's good but uh what I like to be dan
Bilzerian
kinda
