we analyzed the data to find the names
that were disproportionately popular in
each state for men born in 1984 these
names are the most popular in each state
relative to the rest of the nation to be
clear these are not the most popular
names in each state but the name used at
the most unusually high rate for example
1% of all boys in New Mexico were named
Gabriel in 1984 compared to only 0.2% in
the rest of the country
Gabriel's were over-represented in this
state Matthew was favored in Ohio and
Pennsylvania
James is more popular among men born in
Alabama Arkansas Georgia and Mississippi
Hosea was more popular in California
Arizona and Texas 27% of Jose's born in
1984 were in Texas 36% were in
California Michael was the most popular
name in 1984 but it was even more
popular on the East Coast while Tyler
was dominant in the West
Vanessa was exceedingly popular in
California Arizona and New Mexico in
1984 12% thirty-year-old crystals were
born in Texas the name Lauren was given
more to women born in New Jersey
Delaware and Maryland
Jennifer's were more likely in Idaho and
Nevada
Ashley was popular everywhere in 1984
given to 2.6 percent of women born in
the US but in these southern states the
rate was three to four and a half
percent amanda was more popular in
Wyoming South Dakota and Maine
amber was twice as popular in Oklahoma
Arkansas and Montana as anywhere else in
the country Kimberly was favored in
Mississippi Megan was more dominant in
Nebraska in Utah and Kayla was 10 times
more popular in North Dakota than the
rest of the country
