one of the strangest most secret
elements of Grand Central Terminal is
this only in a terminal as huge as Grand
Central Terminal would there be buried
within it a secret train station
this train station hidden within the 49
acres of Grand Central Terminal was
built for one person only it was built
for Franklin Delano Roosevelt now we
know today that FDR had polio and he
couldn't walk but believe it or not that
was kept from the public and the press
most of the American public had no idea
their own president had polio now when
he would arrive in New York City he
would arrive on his own private train on
that train would be a train car that
carried enclosed within int his
presidential pierce-arrow limousine
there are many elements of this train
car that would be fuddling to us one
thing that made no sense was at all were
the suspension systems certain elements
of it are vastly over building these
suspension systems are so designed to
eradicate any lateral motion because
with no muscular troublous waste that
lateral motion would have him flop over
in a car seat in a train seat etc that
train would come up right next to a
secret train platform a door would open
up he would be driven off that train car
in that pierce-arrow limousine we driven
down the platform we driven directly
into an elevator custom design for the
length width
weight of that limousine and so high
that the Secret Service could remain
standing on the running boards and by
simply pushing a button it would bring
FDR and his staff all the way all the
way up would stop a door would open up
and he backed out directly into the
Grand Ballroom of the Waldorf Astoria
sight unseen by the public by the press
and even by the Waldorf Astoria workers
and to this day the special presidential
suite at the Waldorf Astoria has a
direct historic connection to this deep
dark murky train station
