bowties are back for decades the bowtie
was associated with the nerd or kind of
the geeky college professor but bowties
are hip again and I'm going to teach you
how to tie a bowtie today so you start
with your bowtie about two to three
inches longer on one side than the other
you put the longer side over the shorter
side and then back up and over and then
pull tight to your neck then you take
the back part kind of bring it up so
it's kind of centered on your Adam's
apple with the longer side hanging down
the center this is gonna be the front of
your bowtie you pinch the the horizontal
pieces forward like this and by doing
that you create a little bit of a loop
in the back and then not from the end of
the side of the bowtie but from up here
you're just going to pass it through
that little loop to catch it on the
other side and pull tight and then just
straighten it up and there you have it
you
