the term body guy or bodied person comes
from the phrase that the candidate or
the principle is the body and they need
to have a nother set of hands and ears
and eyes to help them sort of master the
tasks that they face on a day to day
basis from interviews to meeting people
to writing speeches to delivering them
and the role that I typically served was
trying to make those events and those
tasks easy and seamless to make sure
that the people who were working with
him they have all the information they
need so that they can execute a proper
event and that he has all the
information that he means I think it was
a lot of trial by fire a lot of writing
down things that that I knew would
probably be a value later on and I have
a whole list of items for um types of
food - shoe size shirt size - you name
it you know anything that you may think
that you will potentially need again
that you just keep it and you store it
the best thing about being a personal
aide or a body guy is that you know you
have the ability to learn and adapt you
obviously will make mistakes as you do
in most careers but you know the ability
to you know try not to make those
mistakes again
