getting into law school isn't a good
enough sign that you should go over
46,000 people graduated from law school
in 2013 but nine months after graduation
only 57% had secured a full-time
long-term position that required passing
the bar even among the grads at landed
jobs there is a huge difference in
income take a look at the reported
salaries of the 2013 graduating class
there are a lot of people that make
between forty and sixty thousand dollars
and a much smaller group that make a
hundred and sixty thousand dollars so if
someone tells you that after law school
you'll make about eighty thousand
dollars on average that's a bit
misleading either you're in the hundred
and sixty thousand dollar group or
you're making considerably less than 80
thousand grads that go to big law firms
make the big money and those that get
highly coveted federal clerkships can
expect a big salary right around the
corner but only 11% of the 2013 class
got one of these positions so how do you
know what group you'll be in take a look
at the school of data over half the
students from the top 15 schools win
jobs at big law firms or federal
clerkships
and 19 percent of students at schools
rank 16 to 30 add the rest of the jobs
that require passing the bar and jobs
we're having law degree is a clear
advantage and you can see who is not
using their degree at all only eight
percent of top 15 grads 18 percent of
the grads from schools range 16 to 30
over a quarter of grads from schools
rank 31 to 50 this is shocking these are
really great schools and the last three
groups which represent the majority of
students have 30 to 35 and 50 percent of
grads not using their degree or not
employed full-time it's true that
tuition is higher at the higher ranked
schools on average but when you make
this decision
you can't just consider the tuition
versus the average grad salary you will
be in one group or the other so try to
figure out where you'll fall one
indicator is tuition discounts
scholarships and grants
over half of law school students pay
less than sticker price for tuition
schools want to entice students that
will excel to boost their own stats if a
school is offering you a scholarship
that indicates that you're expected to
be a better than average performer at
that school and more likely to landed a
job that will make law school a good
investment
