there's a lot of things we can say about
Fifty Shades and for me one of the
important things here in terms of the
cultural phenomenon a hundred million
women plus have read this book or bought
this book it says something about the
erotic mind of women written by a woman
read by women discussed by women if they
does interest men it is because they are
kind of curious to see what do women get
off on the fact that women today can can
own the conversation at least in some
parts of the world about their sexuality
about the erotic aspirations isn't
itself very important for most of
history men owned the sexuality of women
men determined where the sexuality of
women could express itself men
controlled the sexuality of women it's
basically that women expressing their
sexuality becomes an element of sexual
rights and sexual rights are part of
fundamental human rights and the fact
that this is not part of the erotic
fantasies of men to read Fifty Shades
does not mean that men are not part of
the conversation what is most important
when a woman claims her desires when her
woman when a woman claims her sexuality
when she gives voice to the inner
workings of her erotic mind is that she
says I am sexual and a woman who says I
am sexual frees the man of his predatory
fear if she says I like it too he is
freed from the fear of hurting her from
her fragility from the need to protect
her because she basically says I enter
into this playground of the fearless
together with you
