don't use credit cards of all the
investments you'll ever make
pain pain 19% or you know where 18% on
something is easily as easily the
dumbest um that's money that you should
be keeping you can be saving it's a
different world now because you can be a
smart consumer you know you you have the
ability to price check anything on
Amazon or Walmart com and you know what
you need to say for put on layaway with
them now and ended up I had so many
credit cards cut up I actually I was
cleaning up some stuff and saw my old
credit report
Sears Amex Visa Kaufman's he's old I
mean the situation I was in was like
anybody who would give me a credit card
I would use because I didn't have any
money so I needed to use it and so I
literally there someone's flipping the
old chunks of my old credit card
somewhere so you know stay away from
credit
