so what psychological researchers find
is that when they look at how people
choose maids a lot of times people wish
for everything and then they end up
getting very little what's actually
important to them and so people want to
prioritize their most important things
the most important traits that they
wanted to partner it's only about three
wishes that you get and we use that
number because with each wish for a
trait that you make in a partner you get
rid of a certain amount of the
population that meet that criteria so
you want to be careful I'll give you an
example let's say that there's a room of
100 eligible bachelors and we have one
person selecting among those among those
100 eligible bachelors let's say that
person wants a man who's tall and to
them that's six foot or taller that
would mean that 80 of those 100 men
would walk out of the room at that point
it's only 20% of men are six foot or
taller now let's say they want someone
who's a Democrat or a Republican who
matches and politically that's only
about a third of people in the u.s. for
either party so now you lose 16 more of
the remaining 20 you can easily imagine
how a third wish would quickly take you
down only one partner or actually zero
out of a possible 100 people want to be
very careful about what it is they're
selecting and this actually has a really
easy we're a little old application
because an online-dating there's filters
and you can filter out people based on
certain traits and I think sometimes
people look at those as preferences
rather than absolute rule out criteria
and that's what's happening so when you
say you want someone of a certain height
or of a certain religion or a certain
political belief that means that you get
rid of all kinds of people that might
have had other good traits so it'd have
to be really valuable
