if you live in a community where
everyone is vaccinated against say the
measles you're protected whether you get
vaccinated or not
because everyone you come in contact
with isn't always will be measles free
so why get vaccinated right you're
already in the best possible position
you get all the benefits of the herd
immunity without any of the cost
you are free riding on a community
benefit without paying for it here's the
problem as more and more people become
free riders there's less to ride on the
herd immunity that protected the free
riders weakens and now those that are
unprotected because they opted out and
those that are still too young or ill to
be immunized are more and more at risk
this is a serious problem u.s.
vaccination rates have fallen and our
measles vaccination rate is 91% for
children one to two years old lower than
half of the countries in the world the
vaccination rate for herd immunity to
reasonably protect a community from
measles is estimated to be 83 to 94
percent we are already short the high
end of that range if measles is
introduced into a community below this
threshold it could create an epidemic
if you don't vaccinate your kid please
don't ask me not to judge you I don't
care if you breastfeed I don't care if
you eat your own placenta because it
doesn't affect my family but if you
don't vaccinate your child you're
putting other kids that are too young or
too ill to be vaccinated at risk but
let's be civil and look at this from a
game theory perspective parents don't
make decisions based on what's best for
the community they make decisions based
on what's best for their family
fair enough let's take a look at the
decision from that angle there are the
costs there's needles babies hate
needles some mild possible side effects
such as rash fever bruising some parents
also consider the unsubstantiated link
to autism as a risk it's not true
or at least it can't be proven but
nonetheless this factors in for some
parents
many parents see little benefit to
vaccination if the community is
protected the risk to their child is
minimal and people seem to forget how
terrible these diseases are and discount
the value of protecting against them
if that's how you weigh the costs and
benefits even I can understand why some
parents opt out so how can we fix the
individual cost-benefit decision so that
parents choose both what's best for
their family and their community we need
to increase the cost of not vaccinating
and simply shaming these parents is not
going to do it we need to ban kids that
are not vaccinated for reasons of
personal belief from our schools our
daycares and our homes this may seem
harsh but the alternative is worse the
real risk of a measles epidemic may be
the only way to convince anti-vaxxers of
the benefit of the vaccine but let's not
wait around for that
