I feel like it's mostly for like older
people like my grandparents and my
parents it's more of like when you're
older a lot of people use Facebook it's
not really a kids thing I know my
parents use it I don't think it's as
commonly used in our generation because
we use other social media apps that are
newer like Instagram I think Facebook I
wouldn't say that it's not cool but I
think it's also I think that like
snapchat and Instagram and Tumblr
they're taking over my mom always told
me I shown you Facebook cuz again with
Instagram she knows I'm gonna I'm gonna
do something with it but also it's cuz
it's more her friends there and she
thinks if I'm on there maybe that I
might send something there that's like
cute but maybe my mom doesn't want this
in it because it's like a surprise or
something but I think Facebook can be
very is very social but I think it can
be very treacherous no I don't have
facebook either the reason why I think
it is a live drama and that's our drama
starts there's no social media and then
the next day as somebody's trying to
fight somebody or as a problem with
social media site I think that it's just
another way for hackers to access your
personal pictures and I just don't think
that it's necessarily safe is more of a
distraction is another way and it's
another own password have you remember I
think Facebook is kind of gonna like die
out its interest is not gonna be like
high anymore I think by the time I am
old enough that I will have the ability
to use it Facebook will be long back and
won't be used anymore at all
it will probably be like MySpace where
they're so like a couple of people that
use it but it'll just be like
