we've discovered an annoying problem
with Facebook's app for the iPhone it's
clogging up your memory here's what's
happening if you're like most Facebook
users you probably use its mobile app
and click on links and other content
your friends share when you do that the
link opens up in Facebook's own built-in
browser this is where the problem starts
anytime you open a web page in the
Facebook app the app goes ahead and
stores that entire webpage in the app so
the more you click on links the bigger
the app size gets which can make the app
grow to a much bigger size than the 70
megabytes it is when you download it
this phone just had Facebook a
pre-installed at the end of October in
just three weeks
it already has almost 200 megabytes of
web pages stored in it that's a lot for
a phone with only 16 gigs of total
storage before the app was reinstalled
it had ballooned to 900 megabytes
the worst part is that other than
deleting and reinstalling Facebook
offers no solution for the problem
unlike Twitter it doesn't allow you to
open links directly in Safari instead
you have to first open it in the
Facebook browser where it's stored at
this point the only solution to clearing
out the data is to delete the Facebook
app and reinstall it we reached out to
Facebook and asked about the app problem
here's what they told us we try to
balance how much data we catch on the
phone and how much data we fetch over
the network the more we can catch on the
phone the less data we need to fetch
over the network when we save posts
profile pictures and photos on the
device we don't need to redownload them
when you look at that same photo or post
a day later which both saves data on
your network plan and makes the app much
faster we're working hard to get better
at this balance with ever
release the company's made it clear they
plan on partnering with publishers to
get even more content into viewers hands
if they really plan on doing that they
better make sure their users have the
room to load it first
