my mom Joyce is obsessed with Costco she
swears the prices are better but I have
always been skeptical so I did a little
research comparing the prices the way
that I shop online turns out you can do
quite a bit of Costco shopping outside
of the warehouse store the selection is
much smaller but you can buy a ton of
electronics and appliances online so I
decided to compare Costco's online
prices to amazon's prices Costco food
items are limited online and the sizes
are even more restricted if you want
olive oil you have to buy two three
liter tins but the prices are great for
what they do have I added the following
items to my Costco cart and then added
the identical product and sizes to my
Amazon cart
Folgers coffee Kirkland mixed nuts yes
you can purchase this Costco brand on
Amazon Nature Valley granola bars
Nabisco variety pack cheez-its Snyder's
pretzels snaps two tins of olive oil in
a Johnston County spiral cut ham each of
these items were significantly cheaper
at Costco with an average discount of
40%
what about non-food household items I
looked at bountied basic paper towels
finished Powerball dishwasher tabs glad
trash bags Huggies snug and dried
diapers Centrum vitamins tylenol and
emergency packets again all the items
were cheaper at Costco though there were
significantly fewer items to choose from
I picked a few electronics from Costco
and compared the Amazon prices for the
exact same items
a Samsung 65 inch 1080p TV in Xbox one
Assassin's Creed unity bundle and an
Apple iPad air 2 128 gigabytes these
items can only be purchased with the
Costco membership Costco did beat
Amazon's prices but only by a few
percent I did find a great deal for a
curved Samsung TV 19% cheaper than
Amazon but they were sold out before I
checked out
I also compared a few appliances on both
sides
a Kirk 2.0 and a Vitamix 7500 blender
which requires a Costco membership both
were significantly cheaper at Costco so
if you're doing some online shopping you
may want to check Costco before you buy
on Amazon at Costco the selection is
very limited but the prices are much
better and for many items you don't even
need to be a member
