if you own any Apple products chances
are you've found yourself in an Apple
store at some point and they are known
for their awesome customer service we
wanted to find out why so we talked to
carmine Gallo an expert on Apple's
employee training and author of the
Apple experience and he broke down for
us what makes Apple Retail tick first
off Apple calls their employees
specialists they're trained on the
principle of enriching lives they're
told this is more important than selling
the customer a product they're taught
the acronym Apple to earn customers
loyalty and represent themselves as
evangelists for the brand a approached
with a personal warm welcome pea probe
politely to understand all the customers
needs P present a solution for the
customer to take home today L listen for
and resolve issues or concerns and II
end with a fond farewell and an
invitation to return the inspiration for
Apple service comes from a very
successful source - it's based off the
tactics used by the Ritz Carlton luxury
hotel chain of course Apple retail
specialists need to show off all the
technology each store offers iPads and
iPhones are carried by specialists to
check you in and make transactions so
are you thinking about working for Apple
understand this they evaluate magnetic
personality as much as if not more than
proficiency which essentially means they
can train you on the technical aspects
of products but the friendly personality
that has to come naturally
and the 3d dock is history and all Apple
made apps have been visually rebuilt and
the system font has changed to Helvetica
neue
