my name is Martin Bell I am a writer
poet and lecturer I have been in the
past a war reporter for more than 30
years for the BBC and for four years an
independent member of parliament I was
brought up in the standard BBC tradition
of on the one hand this on the other
hand that only time will tell
one argument or set of images was
balanced again against another but by
the time I got to the Bosnian war it
seemed to me this sort of bystander
journalism was inadequate to the
situation we found ourselves in I was
not willing to be neutral between the
armed and the unarmed between the
aggressor and the victim so I devised
what I call the journalism attachment
which is not a party's and journalism
it's not making arguments it's it's a
journalism that cares as as well as
knows and it chooses its words very
carefully and sometimes there are no
words at all because your images are
your adjectives it's a different way of
thinking in a different way of writing
light-years away from the bystander
journalism very undistinguished because
I've seen it that I practiced in Vietnam
as far ago as 1967 I was criticized for
a pan BBC Panorama programme that I did
in January 1993 at the worst of times in
the Bosnian war the heaviest fighting
has apparently been in the town of
garaged a 45 miles southeast of here
according to government reports a
hundred thousand people are cut off
there including 30,000 refugees 10,000
often children but I chose my words very
carefully
I just set out to their consequences if
we stayed away and we were only
marginally involved
and the consequences if we made a proper
military intervention which which in the
end we did I didn't advocate the
intervention I just said this is what's
going to happen if we don't intervene
and indeed it's what did happen and we
could have saved tens of thousands of
lives if we had fully intervened in the
beginning of the Bosnian war which
started in April 92 it was a difficult
case to make but I think I was I was
proved right because Italy and NATO it
was in the use of force in NATO's
history actually and he did the first
use of force in Asia's history and it
did achieve the results required he
could have said similar lives of middle
Italian a humanitarian intervention by
armed force there are four tests to be
met it has to be legal under the charge
of the United Nations it has to be
proportionate under the Geneva
Conventions it has to be reasonably sis
for support supported by the people and
it has to be doable Bosnia passed all
these tests Iraq in 2003 failed among
and Afghanistan failed as it always will
on the test of durability I don't think
we're turning a blind eye a toros
happening so much as being kept out of
the loop kept ignorant and not knowing
miss Robin it's a massacre we weren't
sure about for four months but we got
very little idea what's going on in
parts of Iraq in in in much of Syria
because of the lack of openness
journalism and I think and and if you
don't know about Egypt you won't you
won't care the NGOs the aid agencies too
nervous that the money flows in when the
television pictures are showing the
situation they're trying to deal with no
television no money
you
