the stoic philosophers seem like a tough
crowd to relate to after all their name
is synonymous with the absence of
emotion but the Stoics were actually
very interested in the pursuit of
happiness
here are five strategies from the
ancient philosophers that can make you a
happier and more successful person
asking yourself this question is a great
way to confront personal unhappiness
this is because considering the worst
case scenario helps put things in
perspective and can make a bad situation
seem better
it's what the Stoics called negative
visualization in most situations you'll
discover that your initial problems were
exaggerated the Stoics agreed with
William James if you want a quality act
as if you already have it when you find
yourself feeling angry try forcing a
smile and softening your voice if you
act calm it will help you become calm
science supports the theory a study of
more than 26,000 people revealed that
smiling increased self-reported
happiness well you know what they say
smile and the world smiles with you the
Stoics honed their courage and
self-control by practicing self-denial
techniques over long periods indeed
denying yourself something keeps you
from taking it for granted when you do
treat yourself you appreciate the luxury
even more aside from being a happiness
booster self control is a good
indication of a person strength and
capacity for success
Stoics believe that worrying about
things beyond one's control is
disempowering and a waste of energy
by contrast finding satisfaction and
what you can reasonably influence lowers
anxiety about the past and future living
in the present enables more efficient
use of one's attention and energy while
increasing overall happiness in both
science and philosophy self-criticism is
correlated with low motivation and weak
self control by contrast being
consistently supportive of oneself leads
to high motivation and strong self
control self compassion enables us to
learn from our mistakes and the Stoics
understood that nobody was immune to
failure so when you suffer a personal
failing forgive yourself and move on
you'll be a happier and more successful
person because of it in fact
we want what we want but how do we get
it lucky for us research has unlocked
four words you can always lean on to
influence people first up it's all about
the you
