and that takes us to improvements so one
of our major goals of course with iOS 81
is to address the top sources of
customer feedback and of course to even
bring back the beloved camera roll so we
believe Apple pay is going to be huge
it's going to change the way we pay for
things and I'm excited to announce today
that we are beginning on Monday the good
news is I don't have to because now all
of you can get access to you somebody on
the Mac App Store today
you know what it's available for free I
have critical feedback I have some very
critical feedback on the content of your
presentation today specifically I've got
a big problem with my title well chief
secrecy officer that's a pretty
impressive title I just don't think it's
big enough to capture how important my
role is and him let me run this one by
you and hear me out supreme Allied
commander of super secrecy now apple
watch will be shipping an early next
year and every day I look forward to
that day
it is the thinnest iPad we have ever
made just
