it's not over till all dead they don't
get to live where would I go
it's a tough one I honestly don't think
about this a lot I would probably I
don't know look I wouldn't last very
long so the thought of me like trying to
survive for any length of time is not
appealing I would probably go to the
center of it all and try and get it over
with as quickly and painlessly as
possible but yeah I don't know fireman I
find how much a fireman they seem like
capable people
I don't know you know Darrell seems
pretty handy you know Carol definitely
would be somebody I would just hang out
with Daryl and Carol and you know
continue to be a third wheel and that
relationship preventing it from ever
moving forward and the idea is that the
Walking Dead kind of exists in a
dimension where zombie movies you know
it never happened and we really want to
avoid anyone in the audience going well
why don't they know to shoot them in the
head because they've seen X movie or
this or that and we think that by not
bringing up that word it's not going to
kind of draw a connection to that and a
little bit me a little bit more you know
it'll kind of maintain that illusion
that you know there is no zombie movies
this isn't a phenomenon that people are
aware of this is a dimension where that
never happened
I'm currently a college student I work
in a supermarket I study literature I'm
actually a security dispatcher for a
school district
