I'd like to go to Iceland I haven't been
to Iceland Thank You terrific I am told
that they have like the world's best hot
dogs they're really yeah apparently they
dip it in something that's like makes it
like out of this world could learn to
make pepper if you're about to hit 40
and you haven't gone to robot restaurant
and Tokyo Oh get to rely better get them
real quick yeah
final language mmm yeah that's gonna be
hard for me I'm frozen around 40 fast
at least one find yourself in a position
where you have done you have done an
immense amount of good for somebody who
doesn't know who you are or why you did
it and the complete opposite end of that
doing something only go to the
integratron
in Joshua Tree and take a sound bath
that will then inspire you to want to do
every selfless act in the world if
you're something of a sadist I'm sorry
I'm a masochist go get a Taiwanese foot
massage which you should be very
carefully distinguished from a Thai foot
massage - massage is delightful
Taiwanese foot is always torture torture
you
