it is the next chapter in Apple's story
so if I press the digital crown at the
top here it takes me out to my
applications very easy to get out to my
apps now when I'm here you can see the
clock is the center of the universe and
the apps you frequently use you might
put around the clock here you can
arrange these how you like and I can pan
just by simply swiping on the screen
here so let's get walking directions to
Whole Foods so it's figuring out the
best way to get there now and I'm going
to press Start it's going to a little
simulated walk too so you can see how it
goes here now while you're walking Apple
watch will give you tapped ik feedback
on each turn so you'll know whether it's
time to turn left or to turn right and
those feelings are different for each
direction so you can actually know
without even looking at your watch which
way to go it's like having this
invisible guide with you we have two new
applications in Apple watch the first is
the fitness app the fitness app monitors
all of your activity and movement
throughout the day and the second is the
workout app the workout app allows you
to set specific goals for specific types
of workouts like cycling or running and
so we've designed it so that it's simple
to charge at night Apple watch starts at
only $349
and it will be available early next year
