last month I decided to look for a new
gym that was cheaper and cleaner it
quickly became overwhelming there were
multiple membership levels and everyone
was looking for a commitment I felt like
I was speed-dating I could pay anywhere
from $10 a month to 175 dollars a month
in New York City when I was living in
Miami the average monthly cost was $65 a
month and in San Francisco at $79 a
month so after flirting with all these
gyms I was able to find the 7 best ways
to get a good deal always asked the gym
to a fall initiation fees find out if
they offer corporate or student rates
pay the whole year in advance that will
often lower your overall cost per month
gyms usually offer special rates during
the slow spring and summer months sign
up in the middle of the month
ask for the remaining weeks free and
have your membership start the following
month if they won't offer discount ask
for personal training sessions or free
massages
you should always play hard-to-get don't
sign up right away gym managers often
email call or text you with a better
deal the minute you walk out so after
playing hard-to-get for a couple weeks
and signing up in the middle of the
month my initiation fees were waived I
pay $15 less per month and I received
the rest of the month free now if I
could only increase my benchpress
