Oh magnificent balanced and messy what a
class hello
Barcelona in front in the cup final but
no flag up against Pedro think you
understand the offside rule in football
here's what you need to know if you want
to consider yourself a true football fan
and remember it's offside not offsides
first off just because a player is in an
offside position doesn't necessarily
mean they will be penalized a player's
legs feet body and head are all eligible
for being in an offside position the
arms however don't cap if the player is
offside FIFA officially declares the
following is a violation if the player
interferes with play interferes with an
opponent or gains an advantage this
might seem obvious but if a player is in
an offside position and they play the
ball they are now in violation of being
offside if a player is offside without
the ball and they deceive or distracted
defending player in any way it will be
considered interfering with an opponent
an example of gaining an advantage would
be of an attacker played a ball that
rebounded off of a goalpost
a goalie or a defender putting them in a
favorable position for scoring
a play up can't be offside if they're
receiving a bowl from a goal kick a
throwing or a corner kick it's up to the
referee to decide if the players in
violation of being offside if there's a
clear advantage of the play of being in
an offside position an indirect free
kick will be granted to the opposing
team where the offense occurred if there
is no advantage from being offside or if
the opposing team has an advantage the
referee may not make the call at all but
don't think you can get away with being
outside the English Premier League
reports that their referees get offside
decisions correct 99% of the time
outside that's the final bit of action
