how do you how do you keep the creative
juices flowing to keep creating work
over the years
greed is probably one of the reasons no
actually I'm doing what I enjoy doing
it's like other men like to play golf so
they play golf every chance they can so
you don't say to them how come you're
playing golf today you played last week
was the same with me to me it is such
fun creating characters writing stories
even doing interviews even though like
endear most of what the guy says to me
but it's an exciting life and when you
do something that you know the fans seem
to enjoy that gives you such
satisfaction you don't want to stop is
there something you do to overcome when
you're stuck on something and the
creative juices aren't flowing you're
saying I have to come up with an idea
what's that thing you do believe it or
not I almost never have been stuck on
anything writing comes very easily to me
everything else in the world is tough
but writing I don't have any problem
with that I can't write fast enough to
keep up with what with the things I want
to say so you've been around forever not
forever so what's the secret to a long
life I have no idea I to me it still
been a short life I hope it goes on a
lot longer but I I think being
interested in what you're doing and I
know my father the poor guy it was
during the Depression and he was out of
work most of the time so his life was
shorter and it was because there was
nothing really that he was doing that
could interest him but I think if you do
what really excites you it just keeps
you going as as long as possible
a lot of your life a lot of the in your
in your work you seem to have broken
ground by bucking trends or going
against the grain can you speak about
that a little bit and tell me how
important you think that is to being
successful well I didn't consciously try
to book trebs what I tried to do was
write the kind of stories I would want
to read and sometimes I had a bucket
read to do that for example I like
dialogue I feel the more you know the
more you hear what a person says the
more you get to know that person so I
like to put a lot of dialogue in my
stories most writers don't do that they
write as little dialogue as possible
because it takes a little longer to
write the dialogue and I wanted to play
up minority races as much as possible
too
I felt there isn't enough of that in
comics or in the world so I tried to do
that I tried to do an anti-drug story
ever so we in fact I did one with
spider-man and almost got in trouble it
was a funny thing it was an anti-drug
story but I mentioned drugs and at that
time the comic book Association which
was a censorship group they said you
can't use that story because you
mentioned drugs I said but it's an
anti-drug story so life can be very
complicated is there is there one piece
of advice you found along the way about
how to be successful in your work the
only thing I can think of it I hope this
is right
I think whatever you do you should do
what you most want to do and what you're
best at too many people don't really do
what their heart's desire is but they
try to do something else because they
think well it'll be easy to get a job or
to make money and if that happens then
when you're doing it you feel like
you're working but if you do what you
really want to do you feel like you're
playing
it's easier to do and I know I wanted to
be a musician when I was young I'd
listen to the radio I'd hear the big
bands and I said damn I'd like to be a
band leader like Tommy Dorsey but I had
no talent for it if I had wasted time
trying to be a musician I didn't either
been a failure or at have been just an
ordinary musician but I love writing
also and it came easier to me so I
figured I'd stay with that I think you
have to do what you do best and what you
enjoy and then you have a better chance
how were you able to or what were your
techniques you used along the years to
make sure that you were your you were
you were so busy with with the comics
and you were working on probably all the
time how did you balance work in life
well it wasn't that hard I had a very
understanding wife and she kept herself
busy during the day while I was working
and I didn't work well I mean I I would
work what happened was I had a full-time
job at the office and I worked in the
office when I started writing the
stories and they started selling I told
my publisher I needed to stay home one
day a week to get all my writing done
later I said you know I gotta stay home
tonight so two days a week finally I was
staying home three days a week to write
and I went into the office two days a
week to do my editing and not direction
and but it was always in the daytime I
was free at night luckily I was a fast
writer so by five or six o'clock I was
through writing the book and then my
wife and I would go out to dinner or to
a movie or whatever and it really was a
good arrangement there was no problem so
you've been around for so long you've
done so much work I'm sure you know
you've made mistakes along the way what
was one of your biggest mistakes and how
do you deal with failure how I deal with
failure
yeah nothing has really filled that much
I've been very lucky as far as mistakes
I've made a million of them I never
tried when I wrote these stories I never
thought to myself yeah you ought to try
to copy write something myself and own
it it always belonged to the company so
from a business point of view that was a
mistake although I don't think about
that now I mean I'm still happy with
what I do but mostly I've just enjoyed
everything I've been doing and I think
my professional life has been a source
of much pleasure for me it's great
thanks so much okay thank you you're
good
the Scarecrow represents the farmers in
the West most of these farmers had
mortgages and owed money to the bankers
in the east when deflation hit the value
of the farmers debts
