it's so important to concentrate on that
energy security thing and it's huge in
America at the moment obviously cyber
terrorism in the UK would see hackers
jailed for life research and health
communities deal with the effects of
climate change we frequently hear terms
like climate change and sustainability
used in discussions about global crises
they create only an abstract sense of
danger that undermines the reality of
the problems they represent and these
realities are incredibly disturbing here
are five of the biggest problems that
the world will likely face by the year
2050 environmental changes could drive
millions from their homes by 2050 in
fact a 2014 studies suggest that a
global temperature increase of just
three degrees Celsius will displace more
than 600 million people the average
global temperature has already risen a
full degree in less than 50 years and
it's continuing to increase more and
more rapidly coastlines around the world
will remain threatened by rising sea
levels since the mid 1800s the chance of
storm tides flowing over the Manhattan
sea wall has increased by 20 percent
this used to happen once every 100 to
400 years now it will likely happen once
every 4 to 5 compared to 2000 levels
crops around the world are expected to
falter under changing climate conditions
such diminished yields would cause 20
million children to go hungry in Asia
Africa and Latin America
increases in heat precipitation and
humidity worldwide will allow
disease-carrying insects to spread to
new locations combined with longer
summers and a surge in international
travel this will eventually lead to new
global pandemics the dengue fever virus
is one of the many emerging threats with
the world having seen a 30-fold increase
in outbreaks over the last 50 years
technological progress will prompt a
rise in cyber warfare that
disproportionately empowers weaker
States this imbalance will greatly
raised the possibility of a regional
nuclear war by 2050 this is actually the
property that we were coming to see the
one that says stay out you will be shot
