you
in the 1920s a revolutionary accessory
came on to the men's fashion scene in a
very small package
Kleenex was invented handkerchiefs were
tossed aside and the pocket square was
born as a fashion statement today it's
the number one way to spruce up an
otherwise plain suit quickly and cheaply
so you're probably wondering how do I
fold this thing there's three different
ways you can fold your pocket square to
add that much needed pizzazz to your
outfit the straight fold the triple fold
and the single peak
you
so when you're trying to pick out the
perfect pocket square the general rule
of thumb is this pick a color that
complements one of the colors on your
tie with this one simple step you've
transformed your generic suit into a
statement of confidence and style and
that's never a bad thing Telegraph's
that this is not your everyday watch
this is a much more special watch and
you're wearing it for a special occasion
buying a vintage watch is something
that's really
