we get it it's hot outside people are on
vacation there is lots of reasons to
keep things comfortable in the office
during the summer but be careful you
could be on the cusp of some major
fashion mistakes we talked to image
consultant Aaron Marino of I am elf I am
calm and Kat Griffin editor in chief of
the worked fashion blog corporate calm
about what not to wear at work when
things get hot they both agree on the
first golden rule don't wear shorts it
can be tempting but they say it's a
really bad idea
instead men should try lightweight
cotton dress pants wool or lightweight
chinos and women can look at lightweight
dress options next Griffin and merino
want you to avoid open-toed shoes at all
costs no sandals no flip-flops and yes
guys that includes those mandals you so
love and ladies put those trendy peep
toe shoes away during the week and
merino is adamant when you're wearing
shoes guys please keep your socks on you
shouldn't be wearing boat shoes or
driving moccasins to work anyways merino
also says it's a big problem to wear a
tie with a short sleeve collared shirt
instead he says to stick with the long
sleeve shirt and roll up the sleeves
Griffin tells women to stay away from
sleeveless dresses unless you can cover
them up with a cardigan or blazer and
she says to not even think about those
flowy Beach maxi dresses when it comes
to tops Griffin wants you to avoid
spaghetti and halter tops her rule if we
can see your bra that's bad and both of
them say to run away from wearing linen
only clothes as fast as you can linen
wrinkles too easily and it's flat and
drab instead look at clothes that blend
linen and cotton they say it breeds and
has structure so what do they say to
wear instead Griffin says women can
stick to sheath and fit-and-flare
dresses with cardigans and blazers along
with more classic dresses merino urges
men to avoid the trendy stuff and stick
to the classics and they both want you
to know your workplace the rules will be
different everywhere so pay attention
don't take risks and stay cool
my main piece of advice is proceed with
caution if you're going to wear a tie
bar keep it as classic
