it happens all too often you're drifting
off to sleep when suddenly you sense
danger
something's wrong something bad is
coming you feel yourself start falling
you try to stop it and violently jerk
awake in a panic it happens all the time
but there's actually a scientific term
for this it's called a hypnic jerk
basically hypnic jerks are involuntary
muscle twitches known as myoclonus kind
of like hiccups the heart and lungs
speed up you sweat in a feeling of shock
kicks in researchers are still trying to
find out exactly why they happen but a
psychologist at the University of
Colorado has a very interesting theory
he thinks it's explained by evolution
you see when we fall asleep our muscles
relax
but primates used to sleep in trees and
that muscle reaction triggers in humans
and archaic response that makes it feel
like we're about to fall out of a tree
so we jerk awake and try to make it stop
that's one theory another psychologist
says that hypnic jerks are actually the
final bursts of daytime energy slipping
out whatever it is it's scary but don't
worry 70% of people experience these
things so you're not alone it's the
stuff that makes bread chewy and is used
a lot as a meat substitute so why has it
riled up people everywhere
