this is msg and it stands for a
monosodium glutamate
it's the sodium salt of glutamic acid
which is an amino acid and basic
building block of protein in layman's
terms you can just think of MSG as a
type of concentrated salt that you add
to food to enhance its flavour in 1908
Japanese biochemist kikoenai Ikeda
discovered and extracted MSG from
seaweed Ikeda was in search of the one
thing that gave food its savory or umami
flavor today
EMA she is added to recipes of popular
foods like Doritos and KFC fried chicken
and it occurs naturally in potatoes
tomatoes peas mushrooms grapes and
certain types of cheeses but for decades
there's been a widespread
misunderstanding of this savory
seasoning it all started in 1968 when a
chinese-american doctor wrote to the New
England Journal of Medicine saying he
experienced some strange symptoms soon
after eating Chinese food the New
England Journal of Medicine published
the letter and the editors called it the
Chinese restaurant syndrome
EMA she was viewed as the consensus
probable cause of these symptoms the
vilification of EMA she went mainstream
in 1969 when neuro pathologists John
only found that newborn mice injected
with high doses of MSG developed brain
lesions and stunted skeletal development
that same year Ralph Nader invited John
only and other scientists to testify
before Congress to have MSG banned from
baby food and for the FDA to take action
against MSG the testimony resulted in
baby food makers like Gerber and Heinz
to voluntarily remove MSG from its
recipes but the FDA didn't actually ban
msg from baby food or adult food for
that matter msg to this day remains on
the FDA's generally recognized as safe
list in the 1990s the FDA commissioned
an independent study to examine the
safety of msg while the study found that
some sensitive individuals did indeed
experience symptoms related to the so
called Chinese restaurant syndrome this
would only occur if they consumed three
or more grams of msg straight up without
food but according to the FDA a typical
serving of food with added msg contains
less than 0.5 grams meaning consuming
more than three grams of MSG without
food at one time it's highly unlikely so
just like anything else
MSG is okay as long as you eat it in
moderation and as long as you don't eat
spoon
the stuff
sometimes when the burgers to rare the
texture for me is a little too soft so I
lean towards medium
