like with two fingers or four fingers
that it up if you do it through here for
when you're looking to whistle it's not
as hard but it's not as easy as people
think what you want to do is you want to
hold your hands together like this kind
of in an a and your fingers are like
that you're putting your these fingers
down and you're using your thumbs to
hold it and push your lips together
around your fingers while your lips are
covering your teeth lick your lips fold
your tongue in half so your tongue comes
out it folds your lips are wet you put
your fingers in and just low
if you don't get it at first that's okay
kind of takes a while sometimes what you
can do is keep moving your tongue around
and the angle of your finger sometimes
matters so you don't want to go straight
in you kind of want to angle down so
it's like this
