if you legalize recreational marijuana
use anyone who smokes marijuana
regularly their risk of developing
marijuana dependence is about one in ten
and so we're just gonna see those rates
go up and people starting to have the
same kinds of problems that you can have
from being addicted to anything
the other issue is that whenever you
expand the accessibility of this even
though you might say this is for adults
the availability and accessibility of it
for younger people is significantly
increased and what research does show us
repeatedly is that the earlier someone
starts using drugs or alcohol the
greater their risk of having later
problems from it my general take on it
is that you know alcohol and nicotine
are our primary gateway substances you
know they're the ones that the majority
of kids are going to be exposed to first
marijuana oftentimes the sort of thought
of as being sort of a bridge drug
between those two gateways and and and
what are considered the harder drugs the
harder street drugs so you know opiates
cocaine other sedatives and
hallucinogens part of the concern I
think with the legalization effort is if
that becomes legal and becomes widely
available you know particularly to kids
then that joins alcohol and tobacco as
one of the three legal ways in which
kids get introduced into that the issue
of medicalizing marijuana there are a
couple things that I think from a
treatment perspective we worry about one
is not to deny that there might be some
medical benefits from marijuana but
whether it just provides a way of
opening the door to greater
accessibility again to younger people
and the other piece of it is that the
active ingredients that are in marijuana
which maybe have some medical benefit
can be administered and forms that are
not the smokeable version of marijuana
so you could have the active ingredients
out there to help people with various
medical problems that they have that
would not have the same kind of abuse
potential that smoking marijuana does
his joints are rusted and he can no
longer work much like
