you think you know the story of The
Wizard of Oz but you probably only know
part of it the book that the movie was
based on was written by l frank Baum and
originally published in 1900 some
economists and historians insist that
the book is an economic fairy tale
a story about America and the age of the
gold standard in their telling each
character represents a person or group
active in the late 18-hundreds the
Scarecrow represents the farmers in the
West most of these farmers had mortgages
and owed money to the bankers in the
East when deflation hit the value of the
farmers debts rose the amount they owe
the bankers was now worth much more than
at the time of the loan bad for the
farmers but great for the bankers the
yellow brick road is the gold standard
many believed the end of the gold
standard would fix everything but the
citizens of the east who are represented
by the munchkins wanted to keep the gold
standard in place they urged Dorothy to
follow the yellow brick road the farmers
weren't the only group suffering in
seeking an end to the gold standard
industrial workers are represented by
the Tin Man his joints are rusted and he
can no longer work much like the
eighteen percent of americans that were
unemployed in 1894 the Cowardly Lion is
William Jennings Bryan a populist leader
and the face of the free silver movement
he believed that adding silver to the
gold standard would ease deflation and
solve the nation's economic woes and of
course there is a nod to gold in the
title The Wonderful Wizard of Oz or oszi
the abbreviation for an ounce of gold
the Emerald City is America's capital
Washington DC where everything is seen
through dollar colored glasses literally
which is why everything appears to be
green in the end it is Dorothy's shoes
at save her her silver shoes the shoes
were silver in the book but were changed
to Ruby for the movie
it turns out the solution was right
under her nose the entire time adding
silver to the money supply better seat
in one check bag to the flight there
