conditional formatting is a great
feature in Excel it allows you to take a
whole bunch of numbers and highlight
things so that data pops out when it's
positive or when it's negative it's a
correlation matrix it's a great example
of a use of conditional formatting here
we're gonna take a look at another
spreadsheet of stock information where
it updates daily so you can see is a
one-week price change in the stock and
I'm gonna highlight all the stocks that
have moved down more than 10% so I'm
gonna go to highlight cell rules less
than and I'm gonna put a negative 10%
okay and if I scroll down through my
data I can always check every day to see
what stocks have gone down by more than
10% in the past week another use is
let's say we have a schedule for our
team I'm in it but I have no idea where
I am so I can highlight it conditional
formatting highlight cell rules I'm
going to select equal to
and put in my name there I am but if I
want other people to be able to use it
and find themselves I can change this go
to manage rules select the rule and I'm
gonna change that to a cell instead of
my name now if anybody types their name
in that cell they can find themselves in
the schedule and that is it that is easy
simple way to use conditional formatting
