if you're going to start building a
collection as a man there is no place
better to start than with one great
watch a stainless steel Rolex is a
classic and a stainless steel is sleek
enough to peek out under the cup of a
suit but you can still wear it with a
Down Vest on a weekend the prices are
about five thousand for a great watch
like a Rolex or a Cartier
that's a fantastic entry price after you
have your stainless steel the next watch
to get is a classic beautiful watch on
either a leather strap or an exotic skin
strap this is a watch you'll have for
life you also do want to think about
what watch would I wear for a black tie
and a black tie watch I think should
have really two things first of all it
needs to be very very slim and this is a
vintage Odom ours and if you see it's
almost invisible from the side when
you're wearing a tuxedo
that's sort of restrained elegance I
think it's key the other thing that this
watch in particular has is a slightly
different shape dial then you might see
so this rectangular shape immediately
Telegraph's that this is not your
everyday watch this is a much more
special watch and you're wearing it for
a special occasion
buying a vintage watch is something
that's really attractive for a lot of
people it's an easy and quick way to
have a story to tell about your watch
and there is a certain
patina to a vintage watch that new
watches don't always have that said the
one thing you have to be really careful
of when you're buying a vintage watch is
repair because you need to think about
if that watch breaks down where are you
going to get it fixed
