I think the main thing that we can do is
first of all look at attendance in
college about 40% of the students are
not there well the students who are
there if you just go and look at their
faces you know they generally seem
painfully bored hello I'm Jack Barrow
senior editor of Business Insider and
I'm here with Bryan Caplan who's an
economics professor at George Mason
University in Virginia and he's author
of the case against education why the
education system is a waste of money
most of the analyses I read say that
what you get back and increased salary
much more than offsets the cost of that
education is this book a case that
people ought not to go to college no it
is true the people who finish college
get a good deal people who drop out on
the other hand it's much less clear that
that is worth a while but the main thing
that I talk about in the book is that
it's not really good investment from a
social point of view because the main
reason why people get this big wage
premium isn't primarily that they are
actually learning all useful skills in
school the main reason I say is that
they are showing off they're jumping
through hoops for impressing employers
selfishly speaking it doesn't really
matter why your degree pays but from the
point of view of taxpayers it matters a
lot whether people are actually learning
useful skills in school or whether
they're mostly just getting a bunch of
stickers on their forehead cuz you can't
have a whole economy based on stickers
what if we think about education as a
consumption good people enjoy going to
college and then there's also a sense
that it's you know it's college isn't
purely a job training tool then it helps
develop people as as humans isn't it
plausible if that's a reason that people
care about going you think the main
thing that we can do is first of all
look at attendance in college about 40
percent of students are not there well
the students who are there if you just
go and look at their faces
you know they generally seem painfully
bored if the consumption is just
socializing with other kids your own age
then maybe that's what people really
value although that could happen in so
many other ways you know they've been in
college let's break this down this idea
the distinction between the value to the
individual of the degree and the broader
social value you talk a lot about this
concept called signaling can you explain
what that is when you go to school
you're showing off you may also be
picking up useful skills but one of the
things you do is you just look better
than other people you say look look at
me I'm able to get this degree from
Harvard I'm smart I'm hard-working I'm
willing to play by the rules and when
you do this employers are impressed so
it's a minimum they're a lot less likely
to throw your application in the trash
is of course that's where most
applications go but if everyone had one
more degree then you would need one more
degree to get those doors open and
that's really the problem that I'm
talking
if most of what the degree is showing is
the signal and we ought to be able to
find a way to send that signal that
doesn't take for years and cost me more
than $100,000 why hasn't that arisen you
would think would be in the interest of
both the students and the employers to
figure out who the right employees to
hire were that would be less expensive
than that in the end yet we haven't gone
in that bridge that education is not
just singling intelligence which you
could definitely figure out ways of
measuring in a shorter amount of time
say if signalling this package have you
got intelligence you've got work ethic
and you've also just got sheer
conformity I'm willing to comply with
social norms let's talk some about
solutions it seems like there should be
strong incentives if this if the system
is so broken for it to get fixed and it
doesn't get fixed so how do we do
education more efficiently more
effectively than we do right now big
thing that I push is just spending less
than education people gets so nervous
about this idea because they're
picturing the thought experiment where
one person is denied funding it ruins
their life if that's we were picturing
that's reasonable but what I say is you
know just picture if there was this a
general reduction in the amount of
education that the whole society had and
how this would change the way that
employers consider applications if your
strategy is to cut government funding so
that if people do want to send these
signals they have to pay for it
themselves
then you're cutting off people who grew
up in poor families who no longer have
access to the signal even if they could
have achieved the the non-monetary
things there doesn't that just leave
talented people no longer able to match
to employers into jobs that they could
do in terms of you know what about
someone who's poor who no longer is able
to afford education and isn't this
terrible every system is going to have
some mistakes
like I've just got to be honestly
knowledge that but here's the main thing
would you rather have be a high school
dropout today or high school dropout in
1940 in terms of the penalty that the
labor market attaches I think it's
pretty clear that the penalty is much
greater today this is really one of the
main changes over time is yes we have
gone and plucked out the very best
students from poor families but at the
same time we've also greatly increased
the stigma against other people from
those families that are not inclined to
go and get a college degree and I think
if we really want an equitable Society
we've got to have to consider not just
the really smart kid from the Moore
family we ought to consider the average
kids from poor families so now I think
actually have a harder time moving up
are there any other countries that you
see taking a better approach on this yes
oby Switzerland in Germany I think do a
much better job so they have a much
bigger emphasis on vocational education
the main point of vocational education
is to teach concrete job skills it's not
just to show off basically the idea
there especially for kids that just
don't like academics very much and
that's a lot of kids a lot of kids just
find academics excruciatingly ly boring
and they'd rather be doing something
instead of just sitting listening to
some windbag talk in Germany in
Switzerland when you're 13 or 14 or 15
they go and find kids like this and give
them the option at least of getting
trained in particular job skills of
course there's a lot of people there who
are very interested in especially course
the stigmas last as so many people do it
really is fair to say that Germany and
Switzerland managed to have virtually no
underclass just spot yet because they go
and listen to kids like that or at least
that they take their existence seriously
and they try to find something that
they're good at doing they like doing
just a much more functional system than
our own where vocational education is an
afterthought at best
