my name is Jonathan Goldsmith stay
thirsty my friends and I am fortunate
enough to play the most interesting man
in the world my first year as an actor I
was 20 years of age I knew and worked
for the biggest people in the industry
Yaya Kazan Arthur Miller and Tennessee
Williams I said she's you know Hollywood
is beckoning I mean what an auspicious
beginning and I did go to Hollywood and
I did drive a garbage truck I do
remember a little situation when I met
Dustin Hoffman when we started our
career about the same time we were both
in a Broadway show together called a
cook for mr. general and we were always
vying for stage business we were the
youngest and the shortest in the show so
we just rubbed each other the wrong way
and one day we're sitting in a coffee
shop and I just jumped up people were
just bothering each other and I shook my
finger at him I said Dustin the reason
you don't like me is because I'm gonna
make it and you're not and the rest is
history
I drove a garbage truck he went on to do
the Graduate had a magnificent career I
met John Wayne first on a picture called
The Shootist directed by don siegel yeah
I was shot seven times in the head but
hey
and I'm laying there on the floor and
each time right off screen is a pop man
with a blood pellet that he shoots and
hits me explodes and a welt at the well
seven times and Don Siegel walked over
and he looked down at me he says if it's
any consolation everybody John Wayne
shoots in the head becomes a star I said
thanks in the meantime give me a nice
back he doubled my salary so his story
that involved you and Warren Beatty
he had a penthouse at the Beverly
Wilshire hotel and I just knew that he
had all these starlets one after another
coming in to go visit Warren and he
would hang out in the lobby
and I say excuse me Warren asked me to
please buy you a drink he's held up on a
conference call and my social life took
a big leap
I don't know how gracious he would have
been about it had he known I've never
met Warren but thank you are wherever
you are those were good days
