all right there we go let's start with
the waffle taco the waffle box yeah the
waffle talk right that's the way to go
I've been waiting my whole life for this
I feel like cheers wow that's really
good
it tastes like a myth it's just
extremely grating that's wonderful
sorry Oh wonderful this is everything
I've dreamed of we okay just all day
long and twice on Sunday it's hard to go
wrong with syrup sausage egg yeah it's a
very comforting kind of taste do you
really like that I'm really happy for
you dong all right this is the breakfast
crunch wrap and there's hashbrowns in it
eggs cheese bacon let's go for it yeah
mmm it's crunchy the hash browns are
really crunchy the quaint app is
actually country there's like the
perfect portable purpose they have
everything in it hash browns bacon eggs
and cheese I think I like that more than
the waffle taco I'm gonna do tell me
what is this this is the Cinnabon
delight they said it's really important
to eat the entire cinnamon delight at
once so saying don't bite into it
don't bite into it eat the whole thing
the way that you would a doughnut hmm
this is amazing in the same way that you
know Taco Bell has always been sort of a
staple of late-night drive-through food
to kind of help you ease into the night
I think this is this is a solid
contender for for the new urban hangover
absolutely
