two years ago I decided to ditch cable
and embrace an internet-only
entertainment operation I will never
turn back here's what you need to get
started there's a lot of great options
out there for streaming stuff the most
popular are Apple TV Roku and game
consoles like Xbox 360 and ps4
they all do HD and they're all fast and
easy to use when you're at the store
also grab one of those $10 digital
antennas the major networks broadcast
their signal in HD and you can pick it
up bring it all home and plug it in you
don't want to miss the next episode of
scandal do you get Hulu Plus it's eight
bucks a month and lets you stream all
the new stuff from TV you'll never miss
a Parenthood new girl once upon a time
Family Guy or whatever it is you're into
you probably already have a Netflix
account and you might even already pay
for Amazon Prime to go into all the apps
and putting your username and password
already with just these three services
you have a massive video library at your
fingertips with a monthly cost of twenty
four dollars and twenty three cents take
that $100 cable bill then if you really
want to get things going
hook up your tablet or computer to your
TV you can stream pretty much anything
you want Apple TV's airplay will mirror
your iPhone iPad and Mac Google
chromecast also lets you beam lots of
stuff to your TV for just thirty five
bucks or you can do it the old-fashioned
way with a good old VGA or HDMI cord and
for everything you can't get we all have
friends and family you haven't cut the
cord yet get their cable login info and
it'll open up an even bigger world
espn/abc HBO Go CNN the world is your
oyster you can watch every SportsCenter
every episode of True detective and see
every minute of breaking news so what
are you waiting for
ditch old world technology get into the
present and save a ton of money in the
process
