we all know that when you're going to be
out in the Sun you must put on sunscreen
to protect your skin
that's because ultraviolet radiation is
bombarding you there's two major
wavelengths that harm your skin UVB rays
and UVA rays UVB rays hit your skin and
burn it UVA rays penetrate deeper into
your skin and cause premature wrinkles
and age spots both can cause cancer so
how do we slow these rays down
that's where sun screen comes in it has
chemicals in it that counteract the
sun's harsh rays inorganic chemicals
like zinc oxide and titanium dioxide
deflect or scatter UV rays organic
chemicals like Octonauts ate and
avobenzone absorb them so your body
doesn't have to when you see SPF on a
label that stands for sun protection
factor the higher the number the better
it works for example when you wear SPF
15 it delays the onset of a sunburn for
15 times longer than if you weren't
wearing any sunscreen at all but SPF
only refers to blocking out UVB rays the
ones that burn your skin that's why you
should always buy sunscreen labeled
broad-spectrum that's going to protect
you from both doctors say you should use
about a teaspoons worth for your face
and a shot glass worth for the rest of
your body so when you hit the beach and
plop down on that towel make sure you
lather up in sunscreen it's working hard
for you as long as you make sure to
reapply every few hours
you
