for some of you this might be your first
time doing your taxes which I know adds
a certain element of stress or confusion
to the process but you're not alone to
Business Insider journalists just filed
their taxes on their own for the first
time ever and we caught up with them to
see how it went
Tan's - tell me a little bit about why
you decided to do them yourself I
decided to do my taxes through H&R Block
this year my parents accountant has been
doing my taxes for the past few years
and I decided to cut the cord on my own
take charge of my taxes for the first
time that's scary right did you were you
like nervous really scary yeah but I
figured I've read a lot about H&R Block
and I kind of liked their marketing for
some reason I was drawn to them so I
decided to just take the punch it was
really easy I got my w-2 directly from
Business Insider and it was a PDF file
had all the numbers on there highlighted
for me and H&R Block makes it really
easy to go through the process and kind
of tells you which boxes it's pulling
from you can also have the option to
just upload the PDF file and it pulls
everything for you that's cool
and then you answer some questions about
yourself which is always easy they put
like one question on each page so you're
going through really quickly but then
you get into the part where you're
actually putting in your income and and
anything that you've already paid I mean
were you worried that you were gonna get
it wrong I was worried at times
yeah but they H&R block's really helpful
and that they have explainers anything
that they're asking you to give numbers
on they'll have like an explainer right
next to it like why why do I need this
number which was really helpful and kind
of teaches you about taxes a little bit
so what was the most surprising thing as
you went through the process of filing
your taxes I think how quick it was it
took me exactly an hour to the minute to
create an account and to click the
button to submit to file my taxes so an
hour that's amazing it sounds like a
really seamless easy process it was it
seemed great and everything was great I
left the office after I filed my taxes
and went to happy hour and then I got a
text message from H&R Block saying the
the they rejected my federal return oh
my god that's so stressful so I checked
this morning and
I had put in the wrong number for my
adjusted gross income which I took from
my w-2 from last year which actually
you're supposed to take that number from
your return from the previous year so I
entered that number and I refiled so
hopefully everything's going to go
smoothly from here
I do feel empowered yeah well I'll feel
extra empowered once I get the money in
my bank again I'm here with Sarah and
you're not an accountant but you decided
to do your taxes why would you do that
to yourself well first of all I'm in my
late 20s I'm 29 I've never filed my own
taxes I've never filed anybody else's
taxes I just felt like it was something
I needed to learn like a bucket list
what kind of goal yeah exactly
to like be a fully realized adult I
should do this yes myself I do feel like
if you hadn't been sitting next to me it
would have taken me so much more time I
relied on you a lot in order to be like
what should I do I'm not sure about this
part what exactly are they asking Turbo
Tax uses really clear language and yet
somehow I still had questions why is
that I don't know what were the things
that they kind of like were hurdles that
you had a hard time getting past the
jargon some of the jargon I just totally
did not understand I had to file a 1099
div which I have but I don't know a lot
about and but I knew that I needed to
file it and so a lot of people who are
filing their taxes for the first time
can file for free but you had to shell
out so what was that like oh yeah okay
yeah that was a little confusing
actually because TurboTax I signed up to
use the one that might cost one hundred
and thirty dollars but I started with
the free trial so I wasn't sure during
the process when I was going to have to
pay and that actually was a little bit
confusing
and because I have a freelance business
I had to end up paying 138 dollars to
file my taxes worth it worth it yes
because it was a little bit less than
when I normally pay somebody to do this
at H&R Block and I've sat through a
bunch of H&R Block appointments and it
kind of starts to feel like okay you're
just typing information that I'm telling
you that I feel like I could probably be
typing in myself so yes it was worth it
even though towards the tail end I was
very much like okay I just want to get
on with my day and my life and have this
money
