hi I'm Neil deGrasse Tyson I'm an
astrophysicist with the American Museum
of Natural History and I'm host of star
talk radio welcome back to star talk
radio and it's fighting all these air
molecules like what's up with that we
win astrophysicist survival tips for
being lost in space floating in the void
survival tips no space is supremely
hostile to life period you can't breathe
the air because there is no air if you
happen to be facing the Sun it's
hundreds of degrees above zero and if
you happen to not be facing the Sun it's
hundreds of degrees below zero we're
gonna get food there no cows in space
there no carrots in space if you're
vegetarian you will just die in this
order you will run out of oxygen dead
that way next you'll freeze to death
dead that way you will starve to death
dead that way your body if you can't
maintain pressure in your suit you're
liquid in your body your blood will out
gas into this vessel we call our skin
and your body will bloat as those gases
try to escape it'll try to escape in the
same way when you open the caps of a
bottle of soda bubbles just appear out
of nowhere inside the liquid that's
what's going to happen to your liquid
body these are the ways we will die in
space and that's what distinguishes
space exploration from the error of the
great explorers of the 15th century when
Columbus becomes the first European to
discover the new world he could breathe
the air when he landed he could pick the
fruit from the trees and eat that he
could repair his ship from the wood out
of which the trees were made if you
crash land on a planet what are you
gonna do take the silicon from the rocks
of the soil and rebuild a circuit board
and replace the broken compete
No kiss your ass good-bye and I say that
online
