hi I'm Neil deGrasse Tyson I'm an
astrophysicist with the American Museum
of Natural History and I'm host of star
talk radio welcome back to star talk
radio and it's fighting all these air
molecules like what's up with that we
win astrophysicist yeah I remain
skeptical about the near-term future of
space travel I think yeah we can get it
so that we visit the moon Mars asteroids
their economic reasons to do it maybe
you want to mine an asteroid you want to
be tomorrow's first trillionaire that
person is gonna be the one who mines
asteroids first these are the nearby
targets but the more distant targets
either no known way technologically that
would enable that in a human lifetime
but if we're stuck in the near solar
system I'm cool with that
I'll visit Mars Mars the Hyperloop is
cool it's that's how we all used to
think back in the 1960s I'm old enough
to remember what tomorrow was supposed
to look like and it had Hyperloop II
looking things in it it's about time we
have some people dreaming that way again
I'm a little more skeptical on getting
it to work effectively and efficiently
but I applaud the steps taken my great
regret is I grew up flying a succession
of flying in a succession of faster and
faster airplanes I would have thought
that by today we would be hypersonic if
your hypersonic you'd get from New York
to Tokyo and a couple of hours where is
that technology it's not here there's
nothing even on the table in the hopper
on the drone on the on the drawing board
and so I'm disappointed that
transportation didn't keep getting
faster one consolation is now for many
airplane flights you have the internet
and so what would I do if I landed
earlier I would have gone on my computer
and gone on the internet for 10 hours so
I welcome the fact that it now actually
doesn't matter how long the airplane
ride takes because I can still be
productive on my computer plugged into a
power outlet
surfing the internet
