the benefit of is at it's short and it's
intense so you get a lot done in a very
short amount of time 20 seconds of
squats rest for 10 seconds 20 seconds of
push-ups rest for 10 seconds and you go
back and forth between those two after
that nice way to kind of cool down and
stretch for me to do some stuff just
seated at your desk for the hips so you
could bring your one ankle to the
opposite knee and then kind of sit tall
and press out on that knee and get a
little bit of external rotation stretch
out of the hip you might hold this for
about a minute a half two minutes each
side before switching and once you've
got both sides done we could use say
this is the bottom of the chair and this
is the back of it I could drop my knee
down to the bottom of the chair and try
to stay nice and tall this foot would
obviously be on the floor and get a nice
big stretch through the front of the hip
a lot of people that sit all day long
tend to be pretty tight through the hips
these are both really nice ways to spend
a little bit of time working on opening
up the hips you start to create a pretty
big metabolic disturbance you're working
for twice as long as you're resting so
the first round usually seems like no
big deal and then after a round or two
or three or four you start to realize
what's actually going on there the heart
rate gets pretty elevated
