the assumption that owning is always
better than renting went out the window
during the housing collapse home
ownership was once thought to be a
no-brainer in large part due to the
assumption that housing prices would
always go up now you have to look at the
math in order to determine whether you
should buy or rent one of the best ways
to figure this out is to look at the
ratio of home prices to the rents of
comparable properties in your city if
you can buy a home for less than 20
times the annual rent then it may be a
good idea otherwise renting is almost
always a better deal many cities sell
price to rent ratios well over 20 during
the housing bubble but as home prices
have fallen and rental demand increased
things have readjusted now homeownership
is a money saver in most areas of the
u.s. in Chicago you should definitely
buy home prices are less than 10 times
annual rents there Miami Dallas and
Houston also have price to rent ratios
below 10 ideal for home ownership home
prices in New York City are 14 times
annual rents Boston and DC are in this
range too if you live in one of these
markets it may be time to buy but you
may want to keep renting if you live in
California properties for sale are
expensive relative to rentals price to
rent ratios in San Jose inside Silicon
Valley are above 20 times the annual
rent for the same property here the
interest on your mortgage will likely
cost you more than your rent at a
comparable property San Francisco in LA
are right near the cutoff so buying and
renting will of similar costs set a
review by a home if you're in New York
City Boston Chicago DC Miami Dallas or
Houston rent if you live in Silicon
Valley
