Warren Buffett strives to buy great
companies at discount prices
finding these investments is easier said
than done
but there are a few metrics you can look
at for any stock to help you determine
if it is a Buffett quality investment
first look for consistent return on
equity Buffett prefers this metric to
earnings per share return on equity is
net income divided by shareholder equity
this is a great way to measure
management's ability to create
shareholder value return on equity first
companies should be better than its
peers and anything over 15% would be
good coca-cola is a great example of a
company with a consistently high return
on equity Berkshire originally invested
in the company in 1988 and it remains
one of its largest holdings as of the
end of 2013
second look for companies that are
conservatively financed Buffett prefers
to buy companies with small amounts of
debt you can find these companies by
looking at the debt to equity ratio
lower is better here higher ratios means
higher debt burdens uncertain earnings
and higher interest rate charges look
for debt to equity ratios below one
finally insist on a margin of safety
this term was popularized by Benjamin
Graham the father of value investing in
a 2008 letter to shareholders Warren
wrote long ago Ben Graham taught me that
price is what you pay value is what you
get whether we're talking about Sox or
stocks I like buying quality merchandise
when it is marked down you can identify
stocks trading cheaply using the
price-to-book ratio and the forward
price to earnings ratio the lower these
ratios are the better the value you can
combine these metrics with some of the
fundamental advice Warren is famous for
invest in companies you understand and
invest for the long-term
