we've probably never been in a more
exciting time as far as mince bags are
concerned so really what we're seeing
now are a lot of totes something we call
a soft briefcase you don't recommend
backpacks because we think that's so
collegiate and young so we sort of avoid
those too
this is an ideal updated tech bag again
perfect for the iPad the iPod the laptop
everything that he really needs those
essentials to go to work and upgrade it
gym bag and a leather or leather trim
allows you to go to the office and to
the gym because we know most guys don't
want to carry more than one bag so here
we have an example of that elevated gym
bag so again this can be multi-purpose
and there are even some smaller
overnight bags that can function as a
great day bag so an ideal option for the
overnight bag is this weekender again
nice rich leather great details multi
pocketed really it's that next
investment piece so that you have an
all-around bag that really serves lots
of purposes the rule of thumb is it
should really work back to your style
think a little bit about that bag that
bag can't be the most casual element of
your wardrobe
