this is intelligent investing presented
by fidelity investments at its worst
point last Friday the S&P 500 had fallen
12 percent from its intraday high On
January 26
according to fidelity investments
director of global macro the recent pull
backs were the result of to market
imbalances one imbalance was caused by
the stock market gaining twice as much
as was justified by the recent tax cuts
last August tax cuts started to get
priced into the market again from that
point on the sp500 rallied
457 points to its recent high EURion
timur says conventional wisdom on the
street has been that the corporate tax
cuts are worth around $2 per share per
percentage point in the effective tax
rate or $10 a share in total if the
effective tax rate declines from 26% to
21% so at a p/e ratio of 20 that equates
to around 200 SP points with the other
250 points coming from PE expansion
timur says to argue that PE ratios
should expand even further because of
the tax cuts is technically correct
because earnings growth is likely to be
sustained with permanent tax cuts but in
this case it's hard to justify given how
elevated valuation levels already are
the second imbalance was the stock
market's lack of attention to the sharp
rise in bond yields it seems Tech's are
now paying attention to bonds again
which is good and the number of rate
hikes being priced in by the market is
getting closer to the estimates from the
Fed so according to Timur the good news
is that these two imbalances rising
rates being ignored by the stock market
and valuation multiples rising beyond
what can be justified have now mostly
corrected Timur says the market is now
in much better balance with strong
earnings growth pushing the market
higher but higher rates acting as a
headwind for valuations meaning stock
prices should rise less than earnings
growth not more than earnings as they
have for the past several years with
double digits earnings growth he
believes this is still a bull market
scenario though a late cycle one
you
