so a key component to think about when
investing in shoes it's really quality
is absolutely key that's not a place to
sort of skip that doesn't necessarily
have to mean designer brand it really
just needs to be looking at the leather
quality and building a core wardrobe
we'll start with the classic wingtip
probably the quintessential shoe what's
really great about this if you think
about versatility it's the ideal suit
shoe also works back to a pair of jeans
so our next shoe is the claim toe
classic clean shoe can either be modern
or traditional with this shoe here you
have the rubber sole represent a snuffin
away from the clean finish the lines of
the shoe next we have the cap toe
probably the dressiest really love the
idea of this Burgundy oxblood color and
important colors you're building your
shoe wardrobe to go beyond just black
and brown probably the most on-trend
shoe for this season is the monk strap
in this case it's a double monk strap
and we really love all the detail here
so you combine the buckle details you
have that cap toe detail here leather is
somewhat textured and finally certainly
the idea of a slip-on is a relevant shoe
to wear with suit we get the detail at
the top of the vamp sleek modern still
quite dressy
