cigars are one of the types of things
that where you can actually say you can
judge a book by its cover when you first
look at a cigar it can tell you a lot of
things looking at the wrapper the
smoothness of the construction of a
cigar the veins throughout are they
thick you want more thin you want smooth
you don't want to manhandle a cigar
you're gonna pick up a cigar make sure
to do it by the band
don't go smelling the foot don't smell
the cigar it's bad etiquette you can
feel it slightly definitely don't touch
the head this is where people put their
mouth as a tobacconist when someone
comes in I want to know the strength of
the cigar that they want they want
something strong they want something
spicy they want something more smooth so
flavors a big point also the ring gauge
the size it's called a bitola as far as
ring gauge of a cigar the flavor of a
cigar a lot of it can come from the
wrapper but a lot of it also comes from
the filler and the binder the larger
gauge of a cigar the less the wrapper
will be profiled because the ratio of
the filler and binder is larger than the
wrapper if you're into tasting more of
the inside of that cigar you want to go
maybe with a larger gauge it's also
going to give you more smoke how long do
you have to smoke do you have 45 minutes
do you have two hours that can be
something else just because a cigar is
higher priced does not necessarily mean
it's a better cigar the best cigar is
the one that you enjoy the most
