my name is Dave Burnham owner of Dave
Burnham Citroen we fix Citroen's and
been in business since about 1985
Citroen is a French car it seems like
their heyday may have been like about 66
through 72 this is a dramatic you have
to shift it they imported quite a lot of
cars and then abruptly in 72 they pulled
out you just left lift off on the
throttle a little bit and then shift and
then it automatically moves a normal
clutch as if you were moving your leg
but it's all done hydraulically for a
pretty cool car this is probably the
most well known Citroen the 2cv and
there's probably a hundred a year coming
into the u.s. you know this this flips
up fun not particularly safe okay fine
my first real job out of college was
working at a Citroen dealership after
about a month I owned one bought one
from one of the other mechanics for a
dollar a car that's completely down to
bare metal you know it could be anywhere
from 120,000 to a couple hundred
thousand to do but the Shiprock
convertible would be worth every penny
of it it's a DS convertible and they
were all built by ship Ron the coach
builder in France and there was only
about 1100 of them built so they're very
sought-after
these are very different very different
to drive I mean they smell different
they look different they're just a lot
of different things about them and that
appeals to a wide variety of people that
you know
be a little different
