just because the cat is or kittens in
the oven it's that make them biscuit
because I kids in the oven doesn't make
them biscuits that makes no sense at all
for me it seems like just because it
worked once before it doesn't mean it's
gonna work again and ponent we have a
saying like just because if you live in
a garage it doesn't make you a car so
it's kind of just just cuz you act all
hot and cutting pointy 20 doesn't mean
you are it's gonna mean your biscuit
like for example if you go to the church
it doesn't make you cuff link straight
away just go to it like the paper if
you're born in the UK and either of your
parents and not of the UK
you are not specifically English you
were just born there
so you're put people and have place of
boots England but they knew another
citizens
