the one rule of thumb is you want to
make sure that you can create some
synergy between your tie and your shirt
so at least making sure that those
colors work together I always avoid
staying away from strong exaggerated
color or patterns because then someone's
going to see the tie before they see you
take a color so in this case the whole
purple family make sure that the tie
pattern and the tie color works back you
notice we've taken a very small scale
check on the shirt so as long as that
story that composition is tonal there's
no problem mixing and matching patterns
so here's an example of perhaps the more
modern contemporary guy taking the solid
tie on the patterned shirt dark navies
back to a solid tie very easy perfect
complement to either that gray suit or
that navy blue pinstripe suit for the
more traditional guy so the idea of the
classic white shirt and here's what we
bring in the idea of the stripe very
crisp again works just as well with that
navy blue pinstripe suit as it does with
that medium gray suit looking at new
trends of the season we really love the
idea of the knit tie staying very clean
with the color we take sort of a wine
color here you get an accent to the
green we work it back to that accent in
the stripe on the shirt again you've got
really a harmonious color story that
again works with just about anything
taking to effect body type ties coming
from very very skinny to four inches so
we like something in the middle right
now think about the fashion culture or
the wardrobe culture where you work and
I think that will set the guidelines for
you
you
