I'm Jim Frederick's I'm with the
National Pest Management Association I'm
here to talk to you about cockroach
people in the United States encounter
typically four different kinds of
cockroaches Brown banded roaches
oriental roaches the American cockroach
and the most pervasive the German
cockroach German cockroaches are just
the one cockroach that is found
typically in homes in structures in
restaurants it's found everywhere so
it's the most common cockroach that
people find in their homes and places of
business some people might think that
cockroaches are just gross but in fact
they are harmful cockroaches are capable
of carrying bacteria and other
pathogenic organisms on their bodies
from one place to another cockroaches
are clean in that they tend to groom
themselves frequently but they inhabit
some pretty nasty places so if a
cockroach is in a sewer and then ten
minutes later is on a lunch counter in a
restaurant you can imagine that it's
transferring some pretty nasty things
from one place to another in addition to
moving pathogenic organism things that
would call food poisoning they're one of
the leading causes of asthma allergies
and children but to control cockroaches
or to keep your house free of
cockroaches one of the things that you
can do is to clean up
cockroaches need food water and shelter
to survive so by cleaning up spills and
wiping up crumbs around the house
keeping food tightly sealed and then
sealing up cracks and crevices and
cabinets or countertops where they might
hide that's going to be the first step
to keeping your house free of
cockroaches people often say that
cockroaches will be able to survive a
nuclear attack it turns out that the
Direct Hit nothing would survive but
there is some truth behind that
statement it turns out that cockroaches
are able to withstand higher levels of
radiation than humans or other mammals
because cockroaches are insects they
have a process of growth called Stadio
growth meaning they grow up to a certain
point then they shed their exoskeletons
and then they have a rapid period of
growth again then they shed their
exoskeletons and have another rapid
period of growth and because of these
these periods of rapid cellular growth
and
and division that's when the effects of
radiation are felt in an organism
because cockroaches and other insects
are not continuously growing and
dividing cells and creating new cells in
their body they're less susceptible to
the harmful effects of radiation on
their cells
you
