for the past week I've been driving a
Chevy Volt today I get to drive a Tesla
Model S full disclosure we're not going
to try to set it on fire we will however
see what an extra 60 thousand dollars
gets you in the Tesla
when it comes to performance the Volt is
no match for the Model S the Volt will
go zero to 60 miles per hour in about
nine seconds the Model S will do it in
under five if you're driving the most
powerful version sim goes for top speed
you can get a volt up to about a hundred
miles an hour
Tesla will hit 130 now the Chevy Volt is
a plug-in hybrid electric vehicle which
means it can run on both electricity and
gasoline
so the Volt on a full charge will get 30
to 40 miles once you start counting and
for gasoline it can go about 300 which
is close to a conventional car the Model
S is pure electric which means you don't
have any gasoline but you can go in this
model up to 265 miles and that's the EPA
rating which accounts for more
aggressive and more economically
friendly ways of driving well the Volt's
infotainment system offers plenty of
options it's just not that good but the
infotainment system and the Tesla Model
S maybe the most advanced you can get in
the car today you can browse the radio
see where you're going with Google Maps
monitor how much energy you're using
browse the web get a high-res view of
what's behind you and even connect your
phone while the Volt seats only four you
can get up to seven people in the Tesla
if you go for the two rear facing seats
in the trunk
they are however really just meant for
children
so the Volt is a really nice car
I like the styling the performance is
more than adequate and being able to go
thirty miles on a single charge of
electricity really isn't bad if you want
it as a commuter car but if you want a
car that can really perform that can hit
130 miles an hour but that's a great
idea in most situations and they can go
from zero to 60 in under five seconds
and you're willing to put down about
sixty thousand dollars more for this
level of Model S do it
