there's a fight heating up in the
education world over the use of race and
college admissions
you cannot remedy past discrimination
with new discrimination that's what
colleges but the discrimination was so
extensive that we had to make colleges
just for black people so we could go to
college all Asians are the largest
growing segment in the American populace
and yet their numbers at your Harvard's
at your elite universities don't change
some Asian American groups say that
race-based affirmative action policies
actually hurt their chances of attending
top colleges the group's filed a
complaint with the federal government in
2015 alleging that Harvard discriminates
against Asian American applicants the
Department of Justice agreed to
investigate that claim does affirmative
action hurt Asian Americans first we
have to define the term so primitive
action has a really long history I think
the term was probably first coined by
President Kennedy Rachel Kleinman is a
senior counsel at the n-double-a-cp
Legal Defense Fund and that was with
respect to employment programs federal
employment programs but then really sort
of expanded upon and put into place by
President Johnson and the idea was
really to put some teeth into some civil
rights laws and say okay alright I the
idea here isn't just to say there is
equal opportunity but to find ways to
actually level the playing field
since affirmative action policies were
enacted minorities and women have seen
increases in university enrollment the
Supreme Court has ruled that the use of
race and college admissions is
constitutional as long as explicit
quotas aren't used but some Asian
American groups say quotas do exist I
think they had a 4.6 GPA something 104.7
at a perfect HTT school michael wang
applied to college in 2013 he was an
outstanding student and even sang at
President Obama's inauguration however
he was rejected by every Ivy League
school except UPenn he filed the
complaint with the Department of
Education alleging that Yale Stanford
and Princeton discriminated against him
because he was Asian American I
definitely felt like really disappointed
a little bit angry at that point you're
not sure why you got in or
why you did get it and I think that's
what made a really hopeless room he
because if I had to go through this all
again what could I do to maybe improve
my chances I don't have answer that a
2009 Princeton study found that in order
to get into America's top universities
Asian American students SAT scores had
to be a hundred and forty points higher
than white students 270 points higher
than Hispanic students and 450 points
higher than black students that he was
all over 1600 points so that is really
unduly harm created so much a burden
Asia American children you Kong Zhou is
the president of the Asian American
Coalition for education a nonprofit
fighting for Asian American educational
rights they argue that Ivy League
institutions use racial quotas to the
detriment of more qualified Asian
American applicants that is illegal most
Asian American children one time with
bigotry in order to achieve that they
have to start it with double efforts
since the 90s the population of Asian
Americans in the US has more than
doubled but their representation and top
universities has remained about the same
if race is being used as a positive
factor meaning that it helps an
application that's good when it harms
the application I feel like that's not
fair can being of Asian descent actually
disadvantage your college application
affirmative action is not what is
causing Asian Americans not to get into
schools you know racial quotas are not
allowed and universities as far as I
know are not using racial quotas what
they are using our holistic admissions
policies which do allow for some
consideration of race as one among many
factors but you can't tell me that a kid
who has to score 540 points higher just
because of his race over which he has no
control it's an immutable characteristic
he's not being discriminated against why
is it that it's affirmative action that
they say is causing this when in fact
and most of these institutions they are
majority white you don't go to these
institutions and feel overwhelmed by the
number of black and brown students you
see there and say oh they must be taking
Asian American spots it's
still a majority white school so the
fact that this argument that somehow
affirmative action is causing it doesn't
really seem to have much of a logical
basis according to a survey by the
Harvard Crimson Asian Americans make up
23 and a half percent of Harvard's
freshman class black students only make
up 11.2 percent white students a
whopping 58.2% compare that to the
percentage of college-age Americans of
each race Asians and whites are
over-represented but black students are
underrepresented despite the recent
lawsuits sixty-seven percent of Asian
Americans believe that affirmative
action policies are needed yeah I think
there can be no question that that we
still need affirmative action among many
other things both to provide
opportunities and pathways to
opportunities for people of all races
but also to create diverse campuses
without affirmative action we wouldn't
be creating this diverse group of
graduates that we need in order to
delete this country to create business
to compete in the global economy Harvard
has agreed to hand over years of
confidential applicant records to the
DOJ who will then decide whether they've
been discriminating against Asian
American students from there we could be
looking at the next landmark affirmative
action trial
