I'm here today with the clothes
belonging to Henry Blodgett and we're
going to take them through our luxury
process here at Maurice what is dry
cleaning reality is is that it's nothing
dry about it the clothes get wet with a
solvent not with water as in washing so
our solvent here is hydrocarbon some
people might call it organic because it
comes from the earth it's great and safe
on clothes
everyone thinks that it's a dry process
and the clothes get hit with
dry-cleaning rays it very much is a wet
process just without water so we use a
solvent in this case and that coupled
with soap and some mechanical action we
clean the clothes and then we remove the
solvent from the clothes and dry the
clothes so the cycle is done I'm going
to take it out it's ready for pressing
and smells delicious I'm going to give
this a quick inspection and then we'll
go off to the pressing Department come
on
we need to make sure the buttons that
are intact needs to make sure the lining
is sewn at this point we'll remove any
excess lint it's going to take a little
trip
pressing is nothing more than steaming
the garment and then either blowing some
air through it or vacuuming the steam
out of it which sets the press that
looks familiar
simply scan the garment and wait for it
to come out the other side once again
another set of eyes and final inspection
no lint all buttons no threads no stains
perfectly pressed ready to go
