every man looks sexier with a beer
ladies love it so they come to the shop
to us to trim their beard and that's
what I'm gonna get mad here so it's like
a master and these could do cut the hair
you faded it's great for beer so I'm
gonna start by going with the grain in
this side shrimp grab all the hairs
evenly when you get to the mustache here
when it's heavy you go against the grain
it's still gonna match the sides as you
go with the grain on the cheeks when you
get to the neckline you don't want to
take up so much you want to leave it as
natural as possible so you load the
blade down you trim when you get to the
bottom line here
keep it low you fit it in you're gonna
need liners this is give you a closer
shave so you trim around the edges
around the lips you know your face so
you know where you want to cut take your
time when I hit the massage area here
because it could be tricky around the
cheek you clean only the upper make sure
the line is like natural if you mess up
take a little lower and make it more
natural you don't give it an edge line
because it's not good it's good to brush
the beer constantly especially when it's
really full so for irritation use talc
powder men stuff like this stuff club
minute if you still feel burning you
take a little bit alcohol not so hot
maybe 70% you can damp your skin you
look in the mirror to make sure with
this night and there you go that's the
two week so beer
