already famous this is a treadmill desk
from lifespan and it's a desk that lets
you walk and work at the same time I got
some of my Business Insider co-workers
to try for a day to see how they like it
ah look at that very nice yes okay
feeling good can I quit this hard to
type there's no point
I'm less effective like trying to click
things I'm miss clicking on some stuff
like if there's something small I want
to click on I'll accidentally like take
a step and missed also kind of hard to
read it's miserable is so stupid I find
it kind of distracting my legs feel like
all wobbly right now I feel ok but
that's because I just took a break a
little while ago I sat down I'm feeling
good I'm feeling like I'm starting to
finally get the hang of it actually kind
of liked it so far
I feel fine I feel like I could do this
for a long time probably because I'm
working so slowly there's a probably at
least happy I've been at a long time
compared to standing still in one place
like you do on a traditional standing
desk this is much better because your
legs are moving and so you don't get the
same kind of soreness from just saying
fixated in one spot I feel good I feel
like I'm like working out it's good for
me I want to I want to quit I wanted to
get off I'm tired and you know getting
off this thing it's like getting off a
ship I'm woozy I effect my work I
certainly wasn't positive and I didn't
get less work I'm having a good time and
I feel like I'm getting as much work
done as I normally do overall Stig's
positive I like it I really enjoyed my
experience I liked the experience so
exhausted I feel tired I want to go to
sleep I don't want to be standing I
don't want to be walking I don't want to
be anything are you dizzy
are you no I'm just I'm just bored and
not happening ok it's this sucks who
would ever do that
