I think one of the most common myths
that are associated with bourbon is that
it has to be distilled in Kentucky
that's not true
bourbon can be made anywhere in the
United States to be bourbon has to be
51% or more corn has to be aged in
brand-new American white oak barrels and
a hat in it has to have interaction with
the wood for a short period of time who
can do that anybody in the United States
Pappy's at the top of the list Pappy is
the white whale of Bourbons Pappy's the
you know the the Unicorn that everybody
wants to see my suggestion is if you see
Pappy buy it because it's just hard to
get is it good bourbon it's great
bourbon but it's the scarcity of it is
really what helps to drive the demand up
so much if you can find it at retail
you're gonna find it for under $100 if
you buy it on premise at a bar or a
restaurant you're probably gonna pay
much much more because the on premise
account knows they can get so much more
Pappy's a tweeted bourbon if you like
Pappy or if you want to try something
similar to Pappy I suggest something
like WL dweller it's also a weeded
bourbon so if you can't find Pappy
take heart there's other whiskey's out
there that are just as good and a
similar flavor profile
you
