if you're an iPhone iPad or Mac device
then you need to use iCloud Apple's
cloud storage service what does that
mean you can backup your photos videos
messages contacts and more and
seamlessly sync them all together
amongst your Apple devices each iCloud
account comes with five gigabytes of
free storage and you can purchase up to
50 gigabytes I've had an iPhone owners
need to be running iOS 5 or later all
you have to do is go to settings scroll
down to iCloud and then log in with your
Apple locking Mac users need to be
running OS X 10.7 point 2 or later you
can access iCloud by going to System
Preferences and choosing PI cloud under
the internet and wireless category
you'll be asked to sign in using your
Apple ID from there you can choose what
you want to sync across your devices now
let's take a look at how will photo can
be shared between your devices over
iCloud
first you need to make sure that your
photo stream is enabled to do this open
iphone app then go to the iPhoto menu
and choose preferences click photo
stream and automatic upload boxes now we
can take a photo with our iPhone and
view it on all of our devices
