this is an abbess city anywhere between
nine to $1,000 for a small wedding
they're called this thing they've run
between thirteen and fifteen hundred
dollars on average bangles the pets
usually start at the base of eight
hundred dollars up to like twelve or
fifteen Ginny or not fancy their coats
are these little guys have very little
hair they feel like a rubber ball it's
an investment but if you take care of
them they'll live to be 20 to 25 years
old they get along with anyone when you
have people come to visit your home and
you have these little guys they will be
your first greeters of anybody that
comes into your home where they call
them the dogs the cat world very very
loyal very active very happy very astute
to things around them I always say that
if you're going to have a party they
always think the party is about them
what the breeders originally did was
they took the African servile and they
bred it with a domestic cat and they got
a savannah
they are lap cats they crawl under the
cover with you at night they are not
in-your-face type of a cat but they're
very dog like where they're always by
your side the Asian Leopard Cat is
across with a domestic plain old tabby
they're extremely high in
they seem to be pretty disease-resistant
high climbers these guys are doglike
enough that you can train them they
retrieve one of a piece of paper and
throw it and they'll go get it and bring
it back to you over and over and over
again
