the name Bentley tends to conjure images
a chauffeur-driven cars with wealthy
owners lounging and sipping tea in the
backseat but the back of this Bentley is
no place for the rich and famous there's
barely room to cross your legs and no
place to chill your champagne that's
because this is the 2013 Continental GT
Speed an expense bid to make a real
driver's car
sitting at the wheel of this beastly
beauty it's easy to see the luxury
automaker has succeeded under the hood
is a w12 engine that packs a wallop Inc
616 horsepower that's the equivalent of
nearly nine smart cars and it's enough
to send the speed from zero to 60 miles
per hour in just 4.1 seconds
add in the coolest paddle shifters we've
seen in a long time and a sport mode
that makes driving this fifty five
hundred pound boot of a car a devilish
pleasure to drive and it's easy to see
that the driver's seat is the place to
be the passenger seat is nearly as good
you don't get to control two hundred
seventy thousand dollars worth of car
but you do get to enjoy massage seats
oceans of legroom and a $7,300 sound
system
and if you want to cruise with the top
down on a chilly day just turn on the
optional neck warmers the both of the
best and least necessary thing to happen
to rich people's necks since the double
Windsor knot
nobody needs 600 horsepower and massage
seats but if you really really want them
in a car that's a ton of fun to drive
and you have almost 300 thousand dollars
to spare you won't go wrong on the GT
speed
