well in the world of purebred dogs each
breed has a written standard that
describes the ideal specimen of that
breed how college should be what kind of
code it should have maybe there'll be
some things like what color it should be
or what the I shape might be and most of
those things are written into that
standard that has the for the function
in mind so we're relating form to
function a dog that's a sight hound like
an Afghan hound
my original breed they were sighthounds
they're bred to run find their prey by
sight to run it down and either hold it
at bay or take it down for their owner
or their master that's coming behind
them so you should be judging each dog
against that standard see how close it
comes to being the ideal specimen of
that breed but there's no such thing as
a perfect dog so this dog may have a
great head but not move as well as this
dog who's a great mover and has sort of
an average head so those are things that
as a judge it's it's very subjective
it's very up to the individual who's
judging on the day but when you're
judging at the group level where the
Afghan hound is competing in the same
group as the dachshund those are two
dogs that are pretty different so you
can't compare the Afghan to the
dachshund you have to compare the Afghan
to the perfect Afghan the dachshund to
the perfect dachshund as described in
that it's breed standard I was like to
say that that dog shows are real dogs
and real people it's a great family
sport and and the majority of the people
that you see at the show our owner
handlers they're people who own their
own dog show their own dog and and they
go home on Friday night from work they
pack up the car they give their dog a
bath and they hit the road and go to dog
shows on the weekend and the dogs their
family dogs too I say all the time these
are not dogs that sit around on doggie
cushions all week eating doggie bonbons
they're real members of the family you
know they still shed on our black
clothes and steal food off our counters
and maybe even drink out of a toilet
once in a while just like any other dog
would do
