the best-selling cookie in the world is
embroiled in a huge controversy after a
high school class discovered that
Nabisco's Double Stuf Oreos doesn't
actually contain Double Stuf the high
school math class found that on average
Double Stuf Oreos contain just one point
eight six times the amount of cream than
regular when reach for comment Nabisco
refuted these claims saying our recipe
for the Double Stuf cookie has double
the stuff or cream filling when compared
with our base or original Oreo cookie so
we're going to conduct our own
experiment to find out if Oreo Double
Stuf cookies really do have double the
stuff
our thorough investigation reveals that
Double Stuf Oreos only contain on
average 1.91 times more stuff than the
original which is a slightly higher
number than the high school experiment
but also slightly less than Nabisco's
claim of two times the stuff but we also
did find that the cookie wafer of a
double stuffed Oreo weighs more than the
original either way Nabisco seems to be
holding out on the stuff
