this protein bar by EXO is made out of
all-natural ingredients like almonds
coconut and honey but there's one
ingredient that has people chirping
cricket flour 1 XO bar is made out of 6%
cricket flour which amounts to about 25
ground-up crickets we're gonna get some
of our unsuspecting coworkers to try the
XO bar and see how they feel about
eating crickets hmm it smells like it
has liquor in it it smells like
chocolate like a nutty chocolate flavor
chocolate caramel caramel maybe I'm not
sure well go ahead and try it when
you're ready
I'm good it's okay it's not bad tasting
it's sort of bland that's crunchy it
feels like a date bar so it tastes like
it tastes like you're just eating dates
is there something in that I'm not going
to like well this is what you're eating
it's called an XO bar and why don't you
just read the packaging for me o XO made
with cricket flour you can assume that's
a cricket the animal no it's like you
can't even I don't even think you can
see the cricket cuz it's just cricket
flour so each bar has about 25 ground up
cricket and it's supposed to be really
high in protein I would not have guessed
cricket by tasting it I don't know how
to cook it would taste like
so in your portion you ate probably
three crickets maybe I'm not completely
disgusted I would continue eating it
I wouldn't publicize the fact that I was
eating bugs I'm okay with that
I'm not afraid of eating bugs yeah
continue eating the rest of your bar
exactly hmm it's very good I like the
idea that I'm eating bugs which I think
are very healthy
yeah it doesn't taste that strange
mm-hmm 25% of my daily saturated fat I
would not eat these
