we started the distillery as a second
choice who originally wanted to buy the
property and make place for rock
climbers to come and spend the weekend
while they're climbing on the nearby
cliffs and we had some obstruction by
some of our neighbors that kept us busy
for a couple of years and ate up quite a
bit of our money so we decided we better
do something else
I discovered that the new a1 distillery
license which adjustement passed in New
York which significantly lowered the fee
for a distillery and made it possible to
make a small distillery
when Ralpha Renzo and his partner Brian
Lee first started producing Hudson
whiskey they had no experience in the
field but they were determined to learn
every step of the process and get it to
their prospective customers in whatever
way they could I would spend one day
making the whiskey the next day bottling
the whiskey and then the third day
loading it in the back of my car driving
out into the Hudson Valley and down to
Manhattan often I would walk into a
retail store and there would be for a
six or seven liquor salesman will I end
up waiting for the owner and I would go
to the counter and introduce myself and
someone in the back would go another
liquor salesman and I'd say no no I'm
not a liquor salesman I made this and
it's the first whiskey made in New York
since Prohibition and have always got me
to the head of the line
we make two kinds of bourbon both of
them are roughly 60% corn in order to be
called bourbon it has to be at least 51%
corn we also make rye from rye grain and
a single malt from malted barley and a
corn whiskey which is an aged version of
one of our Bourbons we're not of the
opinion that just because it's older
it's better and just because it's older
it should cost more we're of the opinion
that when it's right we take it out of
the barrel and we put it in a bottle
whether it's six months or a year or two
years and even the bottles themselves
illustrator Enzo and Lee's willingness
to break the mold and how it has paid
off with their customers it's another
example of us throwing out the advice of
the experts who told us you can only put
it in 750 s nobody would buy it in the
375 and we said we can't afford to fill
750 s so we just went ahead anyway and
fill the 375 s and after a while
bartenders and store owners we're
telling us we don't want the 750 s the
375 draws attention people see it on the
bar right away and so we kept
people have accused us of thinking
outside the box but I always say to the
staff that there is no box in the start
from scratch start from nothing and I
want to hear all the ideas we do things
like what's been called in houses sonic
maturation and what we do is we
introduce a very heavy bass rap line
into the room with whose big speakers
suspended from the ceiling and and that
really does agitate the liquid inside
the barrel setting and it speeds up the
withdrawal of aroma and color and this
kind of innovation combined with the
quality of their product has garnered
the interest of William Grant & Sons a
large distiller with multiple brands who
approach their ends only about doing
business together after about a year or
so of negotiation we they purchased they
acquired our Hudson whiskey brand and
they gave us a contract to continue
producing it exactly the same way
the tradition that we're following is
not the tradition of making whiskey the
same way for over a hundred years it's
the American tradition that I can do
this I can teach this to myself I can
start with nothing and I can make it
work
you
