one thing about cannabis and any
medicine for that matter there is what's
known as a therapeutic window so you
have a window of the right dose for
somebody and it's often based on how
powerful the medication is the weight of
the person if they've ever had the
substance before but they have a
tolerance to it for example that can be
said of you know oxycontin a narcotic it
can be said of neurontin it can be said
of cannabis so if you have too little or
too much you know you're not going to be
in the therapeutic window so too little
is not going to do anything and too much
can have you know more detrimental sort
of side effects from it so depending on
what the substance is you know it could
be something that puts you straight to
sleep it could be something that makes
you feel very irritable it can make
something that can make people nauseated
methey repute ik window depending on
lots of different factors when I say too
much too much could be because you've
taken in too much of the same stuff or
you've taken in a higher concentration
or more potent version of it the end
product is that you get you have more of
the the substance in your system
