this is the leap motion it's like an
Xbox Kinect but just for your hand we're
gonna invite some of my colleagues here
Business Insider to come check it out
and tell us what they think Lynette this
is this is called leap motion this
little guy right here it's a little
sensor if it plugs into your computer
and you put your fingers in its sensor
area and you like waggle around and this
shows you where it sees your hand Oh two
hands hey this isn't that cool can I do
more oh can it do more I'm so glad you
have not impressed let's play a video
game this is a game called boom ba boom
ba boom ba boom ball this is like a 3d
brick breaker game alright poke the ball
with your finger poke it move your whole
arm am i winning sure this is tricky
what you got a poke it forward then
stand like this oh shoot there goes
there you go alright alright alright
she's dangerous
okay I'm not very good apparently it's
kind of cool cuz like your finger
totally just moves a little bit and it
changes the angle that try again
is there another game there there is
another game all you're gonna do is just
kind of goof around and it's gonna make
music based on where your hands are
you're manipulating the music with your
hand you can even like grab it okay
that's cool alright
this is me he'd yeah yeah my kids would
go crazy over this
I mean furnace all day what do you think
I don't know it's not really my cup of
tea
I like it it's fun no no no yeah it's
really fun I like that you can use more
than one hands within it's all
interactive but I don't have to jump
around no even though it's all cool in
Minority Report like no I'd rather play
my wheat I think there's a lot of
potential here for people who don't even
play video games sort of fun to play
with but I I'm gonna have to see it in
practical use I'd be curious to see you
know what you can do with other games
you know even if you can use this to
control your screen and your browser and
things like yeah so I could see it as
like instead of a mouse like a
supplement to a mouse where if I'm on
the computer and I just want to get rid
of the screen if I want to go back
instead of reaching over the mouse and I
just want to go back well I could see
myself getting addicted
