this park opened up at the end of last
summer it's part of a big initiative
that I think is ultimately gonna be kind
of Bloomberg's
lasting legacy here in New York he's
really emphasized making New York City
more pedestrian friendly I'm increasing
the cycling lanes
get up and ride is a boutique bike tour
company based in Brooklyn New York I'd
get up and ride it's our belief that the
best way to experience the city is
through the eyes of a local the initial
startup cost was somewhere but somewhere
around ten thousand dollars when it was
all said and done it took about three
months for the word to get out and then
we were featured in Time Out New York
and that's really when the company took
off in North Brooklyn I feel I have
berkland in particular there's very much
a co sharing economy so we incorporate a
lot of local stops what I learned very
quickly is that the best way to approach
a potential partnership is to ask as
little or nothing in return
as possible one of the ways that we
benefit from those partnerships is we do
a lot of cross promotion the last thing
I wanted to point out were these two
murals right here so these were painted
by a company called sky-high murals
these guys basically took their love of
street art and graffiti and turned it
into a business where they hand paint
traditional billboards the idea being if
you have like an artist actually they're
painting it you're more likely to stop
maybe take a picture posted to social
media look what this guy was doing
startups that don't generate a buzz
about their product or service are
always gonna be slow to start no matter
how good the product is in tourism I've
learned that people never read the
difference between my website and the
amount of bookings I was getting before
it after I had a nice promotional video
showing people what they were gonna see
is night and day almost 50% more
bookings the conversion rate was so much
higher I was getting the same amount of
traffic but I was getting a lot more
bookings because they could actually
visualize what it was
we're constantly updating content we're
adding new tours and at this point with
the combination of social media the
website the press and now word-of-mouth
is starting to get around in just under
a year we've become number one on
TripAdvisor for activities in Brooklyn
when the Navy came here in 1801 there
they started developing all the
waterfront at the far side of the
Manhattan Bridge it was like a far
pillar if you look down there's like a
house right there
that's the Commandant mansion but when
the Navy left in the 60s actually
auctioned off the house so there's just
some dude who owns this mansion I broke
even in the first like six months the
overheads are pretty low I mean other
our salaries being the biggest one to
keep good talent cost money the
occasional flat tire you know could cost
us like 15 20 bucks we're trying to be
as self-sufficient as possible if it can
just take one class or bring a bike shop
mechanic into the garage and have a
little quick 30 minute lesson where we
go and take stuff apart ourselves
the beauty of a bicycle is it's very
easy to maintain changing a tube on a
tire or adjusting brake and then that's
pretty much it
you
