mathematician is to improve patient
outcomes and reduce cost of care by
taking non-invasive monitoring to new
sites and applications we are known for
solving problems that other stock or
unsolvable the foundation of all our
products is this technology that we
developed that is on a small printed
circuit board the size of a business
card that does eight nine different
parameters measurements non-invasively
many of the parameters that people use
day in and day out were available for
maybe a couple of decades what you
really needed the most it could work
it really kept the products in the
operating room on patients we really
leave it at the least we really have
revolutionized our industry to the point
now where one we can reliably monitor
patients after surgery in the journal
form and allows monitoring to be a
useful thing into alternate care setting
black physicians offices like sleep lab
nursing home now we can measure non and
basically carbon monoxide met hemoglobin
total hemoglobin just to name a few
we knew this was going to work when we
were able to actually feed in patient
data to this non real-time algorithm
that we've created and see if we were
truly able to get the signal out of the
noise that was probably sometime in
early 1990
what excites me is making products and
what even excites me further is to make
breakthrough products that can help
humanity help people like many people to
choose different fields of endeavor to
go after we all have chosen to be in the
business of patient care because we just
love not only making money and you know
having a successful company but helping
people
