we're here at bryan park where hundreds
of women in a few men come to do the
downward facing dog in public let's find
out why Bryant Park yoga is a community
yoga class for free sponsored by athleta
and offered by bryant park it's been
going on for ten years and it's just a
place for everyone to gather and be
together as one in this outdoor
beautiful public historical space in
manhattan's I work in the area so I
decided to try the yogurt tonight it's
good to do with a whole bunch of people
and outside is a great place to do yoga
I'm a college student I don't have very
much money and then this was like the
first one that popped up and i was like
yeah i should definitely go I just think
it's amazing to be able to relax in your
day literally in the busy center of the
universe and just kind of find a moment
of people just to have a sense of
everything just like meeting different
kind of cultures and other people the
New Yorkers I recently moved here so and
you doing something good for your bodies
and I think it ends up becoming a little
bit contagious so I think it ends up
being nice people are curious and they
look and they watch and then maybe next
time they will come and join
if I knew that this is going to be held
today I definitely would have brought my
yoga mat and my of my apparel to join
them join the group I would have I saw a
couple of that amounts to bitch
the warm message can do to it right it's
a little bit more interesting because
you see the buildings you see the
landscape of the area so it's just you
wouldn't expect to see it but I can see
how it works no China I think I were the
appropriate clothing for yoga especially
if I notice out here I make sure to
check the rearview mirror when I
purchase yoga wear and make sure if not
my cops along that would cover any areas
i wouldn't want to expose there's
something about with some brand like
Lulu something and they actually made a
recall on those but unfortunately
haven't seen one yet I guess like if it
feels comfortable then you're good to go
but yeah I think that I'll be more aware
we live in New York State you be who you
are and do you do what you like to do
