fashion empress tory burch packaged her
signature boho prep style and distribute
it to the masses in less than 10 years
her namesake company has been on the
fast track making her one of the
youngest female self-made billionaires I
think it's very important to have a
unique point of view and there's a lot
of competition and it's a saturated
market and I think that if there's
always room for great companies growing
up on Philadelphia's main line riding
and playing varsity tennis she went on
to work as a writer for a series of
fashion houses and also became known as
a New York socialite to start she and
her husband at the time Christopher
birch a venture capitalist invested two
million dollars of their own money to
secure retail space and manufacture
inventory and 15 product categories yeah
a beautifully made clothing that was
more accessible in price and at the time
there wasn't a lot of that so it was to
me a wide open place in the market
committed to controlling distribution
and image of her lifestyle brand her
holiday chic 60s and 70s inspired
designs which she credits her parents
own fashion sense were initially
available online and through her
boutique in New York harnessing her
social capital on the New York scene by
inviting fashion editors retailers and
friends to the opening her flagship
store sold out within a day New York
styles that are Tory Burch is being
hailed as the next big thing in fashion
in 2006 on the heels of Oprah's
endorsement of her label she launched
the Riva ballerina flat named after her
mother the driving force of her success
her signature shoe catapulted her to
icon status they instantly rose to
symbolize status and style by adding
medallions with the logo to a slipper
women were just wearing utilitarian
flats they were making a fashion
statement it's so hard for me to put
down 195 plus tax on one thing knowing
that it's sort of the core was the
ballet flat I mean I understand a lot of
people like but the fact that you could
make a become a billionaire on that and
become the next Michael Kors is a pretty
impressive and I think surprising to
most people
the designers meteoric rise to success
has not been without a fair share of
controversy designer tory burch and her
ex-husband and former business partner
Chris Burch have been battling it out
for over a year after Chris open see
wonder taking your success and strife
Burch has parlayed her unique position
to advising other women well I think
power is the ability to create change
and that's something that we see that
we're able to do with our company Tory
Burch is one of the most powerful people
in fashion today by embodying the look
and lifestyle of her company from early
on her aspirational brand has defined a
generation
