linkedin the professional networking
website recently celebrated its 10th
anniversary with over 200 million users
worldwide it ranks only behind facebook
and twitter in user numbers we wanted to
see if normal people use linkedin and if
so how what is linkedin it's a website
where you can like I look for jobs or
connect with people who might give you a
job I think the best way to describe it
is a social networking site for business
professionals I have an account there
but I use it maybe you know twice a
month I've been in the Dominican
Republic but LinkedIn did help me stay
connected actually to my American people
do you know how many connections you
have oh god I should have a lot more but
um I think I have like I must have about
250 to 300 I think I'm about 400 now i
have only 106 but as littles like 100 or
less do you find that LinkedIn is
particularly helpful for your specific
industry yes we're both in advertising
sales so there are a lot of people in
the industry on linkedin now I'm a
freelance photographer I don't
necessarily need you know like like
business contacts isn't kind of like
that it's also helpful to get other
names other than the names that you
currently have and work with unlike the
people you may know
action and you're looking up a client on
linkedin you're able to get other
members of their team to do you find
that it replaces the purpose of other
social networks like Facebook no not at
all actually actually I keep my profiles
to stink between Facebook and my
LinkedIn profiles I've not everybody is
like getting rid of their facebook
account to go join linkedin I don't know
I guess at this point it's just not a
very useful thing for me to be doing but
I I hear it's very useful and I probably
will get into it in the future but I
gotta go now something great thanks
you
