hi I'm Neil deGrasse Tyson I'm an
astrophysicist with the American Museum
of Natural History right here in New
York City and I host Startalk welcome
back to star talk radio it's fighting
all these air molecules like what's up
with that we win yeah I'm old school
with the big traditional series TV and
movie series some old-school Star Trek
I'm partial to the old crew Captain Kirk
I always get asked Kirk or Picard you
know
and each captains of starships but very
different in their character and
personality and acting talents all right
so I think no one argues that Picard is
is a better stage actor right but if I
had to pick who loved those characters I
would be I think Kirk from the original
series I like the way he could make a
decision on the seat of his pants and
everything about his mind body and soul
knew that that was the right decision
and you have to feel that way to make a
split decision no time Spock let's spend
20 minutes calculating this but the
Klingon already destroyed your vessel so
so I'm old-school their Star Wars I
never got into Star Wars
it was - I died I never got into it I
don't know maybe because they they made
no attempt to portray real physics at
all I like the double star sunset scene
we got most stars you seen the nice guy
or doubles double and triple stars so
that's a very common thing we would
expect in the universe but yeah
