I am the greatest show on earth George
Bush doesn't care about black people
just look at him I mean this is the most
emotional he got during my entire
three-and-a-half hour interview with him
West he is not a stranger to controversy
if I win the horse show loses
credibility go Taylor I'm really happy
for you I'm let you finish but Beyonce
had one of the best videos of all time
Gagne so when did you know you were
wrong soon as I gave the mic back to her
and then she didn't keep going it's
diamonds and gold it's your real teeth
you just put it on top of your teeth no
it's like replaced my bottom teeth out
and put it in that I mean it's just
certain stuff they're rock stars are
supposed to do you know oh my changes
are making so much noise right I took
mine off for that same reason we just
keep it I have superstitions like if my
outfit isn't that good the show is not
gonna be as pleasing to watch 50 cent
has been quoted as saying that if your
album should I sell his he will never
make another album ever again I really
like if the other one to retire once why
I'm sales the most I just want a little
sippy sippy it's nothing to get you I've
never seen your video is nothing to get
you
well and then do you remember how you
felt immediately when your name wasn't
read I'm I thought it was a practical
joke
mink boots in a when it sound like
will.i.am
let me know if you feel it man I just
messed up on my rap live TV like damn
but hey hey I think we're watching Mean
Girls and that's how we party
