hi I'm Neil deGrasse Tyson I'm an
astrophysicist with the American Museum
of Natural History and I host Startalk
welcome back to star talk radio and it's
fighting all these air molecules like
what's up with that we win
astrophysicist a big war in space is an
interesting topic of discussion best for
like over beer at a bar I think because
we're it's still a ways off if it
happens at all they're people who say oh
peacefully uses have space no space wars
let's sign a treaty so that no one
fights in space I'm saying first I don't
believe you that you'll keep the treaty
but second is something wrong with you
here's my point if you could go in space
and actually not kill each other in
space why weren't you doing that here on
earth brick killed a guy what if you can
do it a bit then do it down here
oh you can't accomplish that down here
what's wrong with you
because you're human and your mess you
got messed up wasted that's the problem
it's not about location
it's about being human I'd like to think
we can rise above these ways but to say
we can be peaceful there but not here
I'm gonna kill you here but in space
let's be friends if we have the capacity
to be friends anywhere then demonstrate
that to me here on earth then I'll have
the confidence that we can be friendly
up in space now most wars that I've ever
read about occur because somebody wants
your resources if space has unlimited
resources space might be in fact the
first place humans will find themselves
where the abundance of resources
precludes the urge to wage war what a
future that would be
