New York City's bike sharing program
starts this week and one question
everyone has is how inexperienced rider
is will fare on the crazy streets of New
York City I'm an inexperienced rider and
I'm going to give it a shot I'm kind of
a safety door so the first thing I did
was finds a nearby bike station and
mapped the best route home I put on some
good riding sneakers and got myself a
helmet
taking out the bike was pretty simple I
used an annual membership key fob and
pull the bike off the rack
then the journey began because the bikes
are so heavy the take-off was a little
awkward
today I'll bike my evening commute from
my office at 20th and park to my
apartment in the West Village
the first thing I noticed was that
bikers aren't always respected turning
on two main avenues was a little
nerve-racking
so is crossing at major intersections
but soon enough I started to get the
hang of it
and that's when I really started having
fun
and before I knew it my ride was over it
was not as bad as I thought it would be
so overall I thought the program was
really great the really simple to use
and the bikes are really sturdy and easy
to ride so I think as long as you know
the rules of the road you know where
you're going even if you're a relatively
inexperienced bike rider you only sleep
