I already ride a bike and this just
makes it a lot more convenient
especially if you're trying to do cross
town so I can take this bike to another
subway station dumped the bike I don't
have to worry about the bike and I think
I think this is a great way to get
around the city and in a fairly cheap
matter and not have to worry about
getting your bike ripped off everywhere
you go I'm sure there'll be some
accidents but anyone who gets on a bike
in New York City you know it knows what
they're getting into it's not exactly
you don't look around and go wow I'd
love to ride a bike here so I think
people who are using other people who
feel comfortable on them certainly that
that's why I usually I have a bike and I
use it all the time but i'll tell you
coming down here and seeing these
sitting here and knowing i got to go 10
blocks I'd much rather do this and get
get a cab for twenty bucks or or I could
even ride to a subway three blocks away
from here and it's still safety time
