my handful of YouTube partners have made
over a million dollars from their videos
and hundreds more are pulling in over
$100,000 a year one major source of
revenue for these partners comes
directly from YouTube which lets his
partners make money by placing ads on
their videos YouTube now lets any of its
existing users become partners meaning
you can finally start making money off
of your cute cat now here's how you can
get started first log in to your account
and go to settings then under channel
settings click on monetization and then
enable my accounts once you've read
through the YouTube monetization
agreement it checked off all the boxes
click I accept now you can finally place
ads on your videos and start making
money to do this go to the video manager
section and click on the dollar sign
next to the video you want to place ads
on check off monetize my video and
confirm that you own all the rights to
the video from here you can choose
overlay and video ads which look like
this or TrueView in-stream ads which
look like this it's because it was easy
in order to get paid you need to link
your YouTube account with Google Adsense
which you can do by going to settings
channel settings monetization and
clicking on the how will I be paid FAQ
so now that you know how to put ads on
your YouTube videos grab a camera and
start recording animals doing cute
adorable things
