everyone's talking about a
trillion-dollar coin and there's even a
petition to get President Obama to
direct the United States Mint to make
the coin here's how it all works
while the Treasury isn't allowed to
print money to pay up instead there is a
loophole in the law that allows the
Treasury Secretary to print platinum
coins of any denomination that means Tim
Geithner could technically mint a
trillion-dollar coin walk it over to the
Federal Reserve and simply deposited
into the Treasury's bank account and
when it comes time to pay off some of
the nation's debt the Treasury can
actually write checks
instead of io u--'s thereby avoiding the
debt ceiling simply put the trillion
dollar coin would allow the government
to pay off some of its debt now and if
we don't mint the coin then we have to
wait for Congress to raise the debt
ceiling and risk defaulting on our bills
and other financial obligations so which
sounds more ludicrous minting a trillion
dollar coin or unnecessarily defaulting
on our debts mint the coin is the
hashtag spread it around
