what do you think is it that with a lot
of kids especially at that it's a lot of
people as adults what is always dragging
you out of that everyone knows they have
this shot is talent not that the heights
you had but just every day you've got
this thing pulling you back guys it fear
the fear of failure is it lazy and I
think it's I think it's a combination of
things I think it's a lack of discipline
I think it's a lack of knowing what it's
going to take a lack of direction fear
is always involved I mean there's a fear
of you're not going to be capable enough
you're not going to be adequate once you
train hard enough and you go and compete
maybe it's not adequate to be the best
is that there's a real fear on that and
I want to showcase through the book all
the insecurities that were natural to me
as a person as an as an athlete all the
self-doubts all of the the things that I
could or couldn't do in my head and say
okay I want to showcase these two people
and say you know what he's just say I'm
just like anybody else but the thing
that made me different from a lot of
other Olympic athletes is I learned how
to overcome those things internally and
in return I came out a much stronger
person and better than I was yesterday
