you've had an extraordinary career we've
talked about from the New York Times to
wall street two founding your own
private equity firm to being a key
member of the Obama administration
shortly after you left the Obama
administration you were and still are
involved in a scandal with respect to
something that happened when you were at
quadrangle talk about that a little bit
what's going on it's it's really a very
very it's the most painful thing that's
ever happened to me professionally by a
wide margin because i've been criticized
party there are people out there i'm
sure who don't like me who disagree with
me that's business i get that if you
think we've made a mistake on how we
handled chrysler that's fair and it's
certainly fair to question my integrity
it's just unbelievably painful because i
have been in the working world now for
35 years without ever having that happen
and so to have it happen is
extraordinarily painful and it's just
something you want to get behind you but
unfortunately you don't control the
timing of and I can certainly relate to
this having had a similar thing happened
myself and it was personally devastating
and obviously nobody feels sorry for you
they feel like you had it coming in some
way and and so forth but as you look
back without getting into the details
are there things you would have done
differently in this particular situation
well certainly probably in almost any
situation that leads to enormous
personal pain one would say yes there
are probably things I would do
differently whether I feel like I had to
have done them differently or simply
should have done them differently or
simply life would be more pleasant if I
had done differently obviously nobody if
anybody could look forward on any
decision and say this is where it's
going to lead me I would think you if
it's going to lead to something like
this you would do things differently
