usually the magazine is basically given
away because my stuff full of ads over
the holiday teach from the deep discount
to its cost exactly what about the
digital world does that hold no no in
the digital world we're going to so
you're absolutely right the 20th century
media model is you sort of give away the
content and make it back with
advertising I think the 21st century you
know model the one we're building on the
app is a much more balanced one we get
maybe half your revenues from
subscription from the circulation and
half from from the advertising and the
great virtue of that is that you're not
exposed to any one industry so you have
this cutting you diversify the revenue
stream that the your customer is no
longer so right if you asked me who my
customers you know most people would say
what's your reader but the reality isn't
economically my customers the advertiser
and so the notion of church and state
and Chinese walls and all these
protections these twentieth-century
protections against you know editorial
being corrupted by advertising you're
simply basically of a misalignment that
my incentives are not aligned might my
editorial incentives are not aligned
with my business incentives because my
customer is not my reader going forward
if my customer becomes my reader then
suddenly a my interests are aligned
I'm going to do the right thing for the
reader because it's gonna it's gonna
improve my profits because they become
the customer we get this kind of this
20th century mistake in the way we
constructed media it gets resolved and
suddenly I'm doing the right thing
because it's economically efficient
optimal to do so and you've constructed
this situation that should be miraculous
economically which is most of the
content is available for free online yet
people pay you for the hard copy that is
often several days late or what have you
read something and now they're paying
you for a digital copy of stuff that
they could get online for free you're
making a lot of money from people paying
for stuff they could get for free right
you're the expert in free and freemium
yes how do you do that this shall not
last right I mean there's that we're
definitely in the early days I mean you
know we can we can do it but is it is it
the right thing to do is it does the
customer do the customers feel great
about the fact that they don't have
subscriptions great about the fact
they're that the loyal wires and
scribers and they have to pay again
for the iPad edition no I mean this is
this is you know we we feel we feel you
know you feel bad that we don't have you
know all the optimal you know models you
know a deployed yet clearly what what
what we want is we want to we want you
know if you buy it in one format you
should have an all formats now may know
but it maybe there's a slight price
premium you know for the bundle one I'm
not sure than they did it maybe there
should be but you know there's a certain
logic to it
you know people understand the marginal
cost of digital edition is low as this
no reason why we shouldn't be able to
offer to bundle deal as for the web I
think you know we're all trying to
figure out how much should be on the web
and how much should not the web is the
is the you know if you're a thought
leader publication you need to be within
the conversational medium and the web is
a conversational medium that said our
stories don't have the power on the web
that they have in print because we don't
have the same tools available to
ourselves for design packaging html5 may
change that the power you know the
success our apps is that due to the sort
of the Leanback tactile experience of a
tablet or is it due to the design power
of an app if we put the same design on a
lean forward mouse and keyboard me a
medium will it do as well the experience
of digital magazines on desktop to date
has been has been pretty miserable
however enough people do it and do it
well enough and it becomes sort of
linked into social media etc maybe it
could work again I think nobody knows
the answers over the next 12 months
we'll figure it out html5 is you could
be a game changer if we can fix some of
the design issues we need ecommerce ways
we you know is storefronts we need a
ways to link them all into social media
you know I feel like like it's the most
exciting time in the most perplexing
time in media ever
