are there credit issues still lots of
people are saying that the fact that
junk bonds have done so well for example
is just an outrage and they're going to
collapse and we're going to have huge
defaults always it always seems that way
after the recovery recovery seems much
too precipitous much too ill-considered
and there's no bull market like a
credible mark I just rips in this credit
bull market has ripped since about
december two thousand nine then junk
bonds that if you indicator back to
where they were before our sorrows and
it seems it seems somehow wrong that
they were able to do it seemed it seems
as if they did not pay suitable penance
for their sins of the early and mid
aughts i think credit for the time being
is okay i think the excess developing is
in the seeming so-called super safe
Treasuries so Wall Street Journal's
raise super safe Treasuries and what is
the risk there well the risk is interest
rate risk of course but there's also a
risk that the government itself proves
an unworthy creditor about sorry
borrower getter governments historically
have been prone to renege and people
think that this country is this
government will never because after all
we knew Americans create the world's
coca-cola of monetary brands the dollar
is the world's reserve currency and we
can print it at negligible cost right
here at home air for why we ever default
and do you think that's a reasonable
view well we will certainly not never be
unable to produce or digitize dollar
bills that is in our can and our ability
the question is what will those dollars
by and who will accept them and it is
simply historically wrong to contend
that so many do that we've never default
it if you read the papers in 1933 you
probably weren't reading the papers of
1930s but the London press talked about
the American default because the United
States had you to laterally we value the
dollar from twenty dollars and change
per ounce of gold to 30 at length 35
that was kind of a default and so in
August fifteenth nineteen seventy one
when Richard M Nixon preempted ponderosa
at nine o'clock samana for that and
announced that the United States would
henceforth no longer exchange dollar
bills for gold that was also kind of
default
