how do you make policy decisions I don't
know I don't know leave that somebody
well Syria yes something else we try not
to do around here is run the government
but Wall Street loves to run the
government you're not engaged in any way
I do what moments of weakness isn't it's
now moaning okay now as a moaner what
here's what i do first what you want you
asking what I do if I were fed chairman
what would you do resign but if they
insisted they insisted I would say we
are going to effect some improvements
around the office first of all we're
going to admit what we don't know and
secondly we are going to revisit the
constitutional basis of the dollar which
basis was in a fixed weight of gold or
silver or both the third thing we are
going to get out of central planning
business and get back into the central
banking business that would be my
three-step program for an early
invitation not to be reappointed I
wasn't gonna say it's very hard to
imagine you keeping your job if you were
to say well what the hell so why didn't
want the job anyway Henry
