John in this economy many investors are
looking for value what sort of value
stocks are showing up on your screen
there are several value stocks are
showing up one of them is TJX which has
the chain TJ maxx marshalls has been
doing very very well in terms of the
recovery there another one the lower end
retail we more discount type of retail
that's right although TG X is
interesting it's at a ten year track
record of increasing earnings and it did
well in 2008-2009 so it was not been
affected by the economy prior to that
basically the fact that when higher-end
things were selling they were still
selling very well as well stryker
corporation which is a medical device
and surgical device type of firm is also
showing up is a value type pic and the
retailer aeropostale is also showing up
right now the retailers are still
showing up on the value strategies even
though they've been up fifty percent or
more during the year they're still a low
enough price that they're attractive to
design strategies so in terms of the you
know value guru or whatever you would
call it is retail one of the hottest
sectors their retail is very much one of
the hottest sectors right now that does
shift over periods of time of course
energy is the second sector this seems
to be hot right now now in terms of
growth if people are looking for growth
what what sort of stocks are you seeing
there there's a couple of thoughts that
pass our july methodology for growth one
of them is itt education basically they
have some 80,000 students and a number
of colleges that people can attend for
their associate's degree or advanced
degrees that's been doing well and again
also very consistent earnings over
period of time high growth rate about
seventeen percent per year another one
is balcom corporations especially
chemical manufacturer that sells to the
food industries and they've also been
growing rapidly with steady and
accelerating earnings that's another one
now across your guru platforms are their
stocks are showing up across various
methodologies actually yes and this is
not always the case but right now there
are several stocks that are showing up
both is the value methodology
annecy growth methodologies interesting
enough TJ Maxx is one of them the air
pistol is another and striker also has
between like a fifteen and twenty
percent growth rate as well as having
those deep value of characteristics now
I know you write a lot about in China is
do you have a top pick in China right
now I do China Mobile has some 500,000
subscribers in China with about seventy
two percent share of the market so
iphone going to impact that at all when
they eventually sell it maybe a year or
two before the iphone is essentially
sold in China across the entire platform
what is your top investment pick a TJX
corporation because it passes the
buffett strategy and it also passes the
growth type of group type strategies
given the run-up of the market if we're
going into the first quarter earnings i
know you probably have a longer-term
view and you're not necessarily macro
but what are your thoughts on the market
right now well as a matter of fact my
expertise is not in forecasting the
market but what I feel about the market
there is certain ratios about the market
such as the price to earnings ratio of
the S&P 500 compared to the tenure bond
at about three point eight percent
that's still showing the stock market
has room to expand and grow so well
that's not the absolute cat's meow
indicators it's one of the things that
indicates that we can expect average to
above average performance over the next
five to ten years in the market and
that's just for the market as an average
when you pick particular stocks within
and develop methodologies you should
expect a higher return that
