John you use your guru based investment
approach to analyze stocks how exactly
does that work basically it looks at
some 300 different variables from
earnings to the financial statements to
debt relative strengths of the company
and then tries to emulate the investment
masters of last 75 years in terms of
their thought processes in picking a
stock so who are these investment
masters well one of them obviously is
warren buffett the second is Peter Lynch
another is Martha Schweich Benjamin
Graham who is actually Buffett's
professor David dremen who's a great
contrary and John Neff who's into value
and dividend stocks those are some of
them yes just to focus on one let's just
take Buffett for an example what goes
into that strategy and how has the
performance been say over the last year
the performance of the last year has
been outstanding the strategy has
actually been up 52 percent over the
past 12 months which is interesting you
compare that to Berkshire itself
Berkshires been up 34% over the past 12
months how it essentially works the
first thing it looks for is a consistent
earnings pattern over a 10-year period
of time and most strategies actually
don't look for 10 years worth of
information they go for three or five
years but Buffett is unusual that he
wants 10 years worth of data and the
reason he wants that is to look for
earnings predictability for the future
so generally these particular stocks
will have steadily increasing earnings
over the 10-year period of time the next
thing is a high return on equity again
over a full 10 year period of time debt
to equity is also something that is
looked at in particular Warren Buffett
wants to see stocks where the debt can
be repaid in between two to five years
from the earnings of the company right
that's an unusual criteria because debt
to equity is the more common criteria
but he looks compared to earnings now is
there any overlap with the Buffett model
compared to his actual portfolio
actually yes there is in several cases
there is Walmart there's Johnson and
Johnson
um there is Nike there's Becton
Dickinson so there are actually several
overlaps now do you personally have a
favorite strategy across the groovers I
actually do not have a favorite strategy
because each strategies are unique in
their own special way
Juwan looks for the growth buff ahead of
course has his effect he looks for ten
years worth of data and a lot of other
criteria and a particular buy point was
also very very valuable the dremen cried
Drummond contrarian strategy has also
been excellent for looking at value
stocks and finding highly unpopular
stocks they tend to do well so it just
depends on your personal appetite for
risk and and what you're looking for it
does but I also actually have a strategy
that blends all the strategies together
so you don't have to make up your mind
in terms of which is your favorite you
know so what are some of the challenges
investors face when trying to implement
these strategies the hardest challenge
is to follow the actual strategy itself
when the strategy recommends buying 10
socks at a particular time it's actually
pulling the trigger and buying those 10
socks in particular time as well as
selling not trying to cherry-pick it and
not trying to be disciplined being
disciplined exactly and being on
emotional about it
a second really key thing is to have the
the patience and the belief in the
integrity of the system to stay with it
even when the system is out of favor you
have to follow strategic methodologies
through thick and thin in order to
benefit from it and that's one of the
things that the Masters have done they
pretty much stuck to their particular
strategies not trying to chase whatever
the hottest strategy is so the economic
environment has you know changed over
the last couple years over the last you
know century do you think the strategies
will continue to work and is there risk
with the changing environment that these
won't be valid in the years to come
actually I'm confident they will
continue to work these strategies were
selected because they were the very best
ones over the last 75 years where the
person actually disclosed the strategy
the medium successful and he had
successful track record and then we've
been actually looking since 2003 the
strategy still can
continue to work and dramatically
outperform the market even over that
time so I've got a lot of confidence in
that now that said one of the reasons
these strategies still continue work is
because they don't always work and what
I mean by that is there will be some
years when they fall out of favor and
they don't work and at the end of the
year the investor's was a this can't
possibly work anymore and they're on to
something else so they're constantly
evolving with them constantly evolving
constantly evolving
