so but what is it every foursquare
sounds just like twitter it's just a way
of people communicating back and forth
you don't know how to put ads on it
everything else why are you actually
optimistic i think the my love for
square i think the major difference here
is that in Foursquare the relationship
is between a person and a business you
go to a business you check in you see
what other people are at that business
groupon you know it's you want a product
you get together with a group of people
you buy a product from a business the
difference is on facebook or twitter the
relationship is between people which
I've just that's what I've always said
you know relationships between people
are hard to monetize where relationships
between people and information or people
and businesses are much easier to
monetize I'm very bullish on on groupon
and Foursquare I think they both the
great platforms that they're fun to use
and and it makes sense for businesses
which means they're gonna flock to it so
you actually think that foursquare could
become a powerful absolutely i think you
know for the longest time I you know I
think dennis and his team have have been
thinking about this time you know when
everybody would have the device in their
hand that would allow them to execute on
the vision they had back at dodgeball
and even before that so you know III
think it's it's perfect timing the
businesses are ready you know local
businesses are ready to start thinking
about how to use this stuff I mean if
there's any risk in it it's that it
takes a long time for local businesses
to get ramped up on new advertising
modalities you know that's a risk but I
but the but the logic is so clear for
them you know when someone's blocking
your business is saying I'm here you're
gonna wanna to transact with them so I I
do think that you know I groupons
already a fairly big business and
seemingly a very profitable one again we
don't know but I'm so groupon just
raised a boatload of money huge
valuation to what we understand as we
are talking foursquare is rumored to be
hot and hidden with both raising money
and possibly getting an offer from yahoo
in cash for 125 million dollars you've
been there as the entrepreneur what
should dentists do I think you should
sell the company I you know it's
whenever if once you take
capital once you take venture capital
your world changes you become you know a
fiduciary to your investors and your
investors are fiduciaries to you know we
manage money for the public school
teachers of New Mexico you know when
we're doing that that's a big
responsibility and so you know Dennis
and his team are in a position where I
think that they owe it to the investors
whose money they took and and to
themselves to take a good deal when it's
there and I think yahoo you know is in a
better place than then you know
obviously things have been complicated
over there but I think now they're
they've sort of stripped away a lot of
this lot of the bureaucracy and I think
that that team could potentially
flourish in Saudi yahoo and I'm sure
that if they do the deal you know Dennis
and and and the investors there you know
Fred Wilson will make sure that the deal
is one that allows the team to continue
to flourish and for the product continue
to grow because it's a great product
well it's Dennis already sold a company
dodgeball to google it was basically it
immediately just ceased to exist you
don't worry about that with Yahoo its
companies have a habit it's always
drawing it's always a rescue no but i
think you know like o's didn't destroy
tripod you know i mean it like we
negotiated the right deal with them and
we flourished inside of there for a long
time and you know once the key people
left you know it was harder for for
tripa to continue but tripod still
exists today you know and still is a
fairly big service and and and still
something that i think is is innovating
you know at a smaller level than the
other social networking so i think if
they negotiate the right deal with yahoo
if dennis and his team stick around the
service will grow and if they can grow
it to a point like we did with tripod
where it's sort of bigger than any one
person then i think even if they leave
it'll continue inside of Yahoo for some
period of time and a personal question
having built tripod sold it talk about
it still around as a big service what's
that like to watch something that you
created more than 10 years ago you left
more than five years ago now I think
even more maybe seven years ago what's
it like sort of still having it out
there somebody else is running it so the
scary thing is I left ten years ago and
sold it 12 years ago so the five times
for it's actually a great feeling you
know just to see that tripod is still
around and that people still use it and
you know I still hear people say I've
got a tripod account and
you know it's it's great and and you
know it's one of the reasons why you do
this you know to leave legacies and and
you know tripod is is is a piece of my
legacy and I you know and it's I'm proud
of it
