first off tell us what anyclip is it's
the byproduct of a dream that made
westheimer and I had our my co-founder
that you could see any moment from any
film ever made and the way we came up
with the idea is we noticed that there
was a tremendous amount of this behavior
already on the internet and a lot of
that is on YouTube and it's hard to do
on YouTube so we thought well if people
are doing it anyway and it's hard to do
maybe we could make a service that would
make it much easier to do Google's had a
really hard to enter the publishers so
you can't have that kind of bad
relationship how they did good release
yeah well our I would say we've made a
decision to talk to the people who own
the content first that's a slightly
different sequencing we don't quite have
Google's I guess we're not as well known
as Google right on in the process but
there's a set of reasons why anyclip is
possible the first one is the history of
the movie industry is a history of new
technologies coming along and generally
doing one of two things creating a new
opportunity to repurpose the content and
sometimes that leads to big new revenue
streams is the case of home video and
video on the DVD business box office has
grown so it's home video historically
and sometimes it leads to
cannibalization as it has with netflix
and video on demand relative to those
very same DVDs yeah so in our case
there's no cannibalization we show short
moments from films and we're just
additive the short moments lead to an
opportunity to buy or rent those films
and so that's something that's very
important to the industry that's one
thing and I think the second one is the
historical moment we are at a big time
of transition last year was the first
year theatrical surpassed home video in
over 20 years amazing so home video
revenues are declining and there's a big
need for transition today and need all
the help they can get correct we're here
to help
