let's do what is recycled back
recyclebank is the largest green
incentives program it's the world's
first consumer green company and it
can't mean a fascinating way the one
thing I do on the side is where while
all the West Coast venture capitalists
are adjunct professors at Stanford I've
been able to become an adjunct professor
adjunct professor at Columbia Business
School and one of my students fella
named Ron going in you know rodas report
on this company came to me two years
after he graduated and said I figured
out a way to pay people to recycle their
garbage I said that's fascinating it's a
garbage company let me think about he
said but you understand when I hate
people the throughput of recycling goes
up so much that the municipalities save
10 to 20 million dollars in landfill
costs i SAT there and I really thought
about that it's like I said that that's
kind of fascinating because what you
have is a virtuous circle and those
things usually don't exist I spent a lot
of time trying to figure out you know
who's losing money when somebody makes
money almost always somebody is losing
money and I came to the conclusion there
was really the single source landfill
owners but most landfills are owned by
haulers so what you have is a way that
the consumers get paid for doing this
the municipalities save you no
significant money for implementing these
programs the haulers get a competitive
advantage for linking with this and
what's otherwise an extraordinarily
commodity business and the politicians
get to be green and I guess the
fascinating thing is what I saw is the
lower income families love this because
they say you know what I get free
groceries right I you know this is this
is a big deal when I went down and did
due diligence i watch the trucks rolling
and people were out protecting their
garbage cans so that nobody would steal
the recyclable material because it was a
significant amount of money and the
wealthier neighborhoods it's all about
you know either i can say i don't have
free starbucks this month or i'm going
to donate it to my local school so it's
been absolutely fascinating company and
it's just taken off in a variety of ways
and what I'm proudest of is that it's a
new york company it's great and and
clearly that is what has to happen for
green anything to take hold it's got to
become an actual economic incentive as
opposed to say telling your friends that
you're being green or what-have-you so
talk a little bit more about exactly how
the company does it I mean so where is
the money coming from sure what they do
is they put an RFID tag on each of the
garbage bins and
the truck comes around the trucks are
retrofitted with a scale as part of the
art p fridge community so truck rolls
around the people port you know hook the
garbage can on to the the the arm which
will throw it into the truck it
automatically reach the RFID tag ways it
and then credits back recyclebank
dollars to your account recyclebank
dollars are transferable into three
thousand merchants everybody from you
know amazon starbucks etc and it's just
confessing because what you said is
particularly true everybody wants to be
green okay everybody wants to do the
right thing but it's amazing how many
more people do it when you get paid and
how much do you get paid and if we a
normal household producing a couple of
bins what is that net super forty to
fifty dollars a month which is
significant it's enough to move the
needle right I looked at on so many
micro Commerce plays in the past and
we're going to pay you for looking at
this and we're going to pay you for
looking at that you know what making 14
cents a day is nice but it doesn't move
the needle forty to fifty dollars a
month moves the needle for most families
and most people how big is the company
what stage how big can it get we think
the company can be a multi-billion
dollar company it's gone out and it's
been around for about three years and
the first three years were primarily
signing up you know large Township see
municipalities and cities which as you
know can be a bit of a long sales
process and you know the CEO Ron going
in the president Matt tucker or the CFO
john wax I've just a phenomenal job of
doing this and they've done a there are
a number of announcements of the cities
they signed it's been a fantastic
company and the co investors that have
come in with me it's Sigma coca-cola
kleiner perkins generation i am have
been fantastic but this company really
seems to be a rocket ship in many ways
because it's unusual everybody
understands it everybody's grandmother
understands it right i mean i can talk
to you about demand response and smart
meters and what's going on with silver
spring and i don't think your gram there
my grandmother isn't alive but even if
she was i don't think she'd understand
what exactly was going on when you say
look put it in here recycle we're going
to pay you and by the way recycling goes
up so much that everybody saves money
and it's green everybody gets that and
it makes sense and it works
