people would call up and ask for stock
picks but before they would ask my guest
by seller hole they would say to me
things like Maria congratulations on the
baby you know you're having a baby a
pregnant I've never been pregnant you
know I mean I I must have gained five or
ten pounds and it's mortifying be
successful you have to love what you do
you have to wake up with a fire in your
belly and just want to go at it that's
the only way you'll be able to work
really hard at it and I've had found
what I was good at and what I love doing
and that was being in the field
interviewing people meeting people I
recognized as a reporter that everybody
has an agenda I have an agenda my agenda
is to get the best interview break news
have it first make sure that I have the
top interview and the best content that
we can have the other person at the
other side of the table has an agenda
they want to get their message out I get
that and I understand that but I am NOT
going to do it to the detriment of the
viewer if a person is not answering the
question I will definitely ask you again
I will ask you a third time it will be
clear to the viewer that I'm asking the
questions and that it's you who's
evading them I don't think a person
wants to put themselves in that
situation
