when you give advice to entrepreneurs
what are the three most important things
for success the first one would be you
have to have passion about what you're
working on by far by far by far because
almost any idea I matter how good is
going to hit bumps in the road they're
going to be so painful they make you
doubt whether you should go on and if
you're not absolutely passionate about
the thing you're working on you can't
make it through those periods and you
know Disney had those moments and I'm
sure Bill Gates had those moments and
every great company has those Apple had
those moments of course Apple had many
near-death experiences and because of
the passion of the founder he turned
that thing or so you have to have that i
would say off the charts you have to
have integrity with the people you work
with and i think that with your
investors with your employees i think
transparency in that in that sense is
going to be the ultimate way to succeed
and finally I think you have to give
people upside so I really believe in
giving every people everybody in the
company a big stake in the company so
that unlocks an unusual amount of
motivation people to actually have them
have an ownership stake even if it's
symbolic even if the Secretary has
options it's still huge and everybody
shares in the victory together and I
think that's crucial I think most
entrepreneurs do do that but I think any
who resist that resisted at their peril
