today our question is why are carol
bartz is days at Yahoo numbered why does
she need a miracle to survive well first
off let's go through some charts here
first off Bing is taking over yahoo
search air and bing is microsoft search
engine and microsoft is a yahoo partner
so this is an unfortunate situation
where yahoo is partnered with someone
who's just hell-bent on taking all of
their search share and the second big
point here just macro trends is that
Yahoo is no longer the most the second
most popular website on the in the world
that place has been taken by Facebook
it's a little bit unfortunate that's
Facebook that's done this because Carol
Bartz takes every opportunity to snicker
at Facebook saying things like what are
their revenues like and oh only kids
like Facebook that's one of the first
things she said on her conference call
to take the job so it's a little bit
ridiculous considering that that company
is sort of growing at a ridiculous pace
both with consumers and with advertisers
the other the other big point here the
macro trend is that Yahoo is just not
nearly as efficient with its employees
and say Google we've got a chart that
shows that you know the comparison is
ridiculous and it's just sort of revenue
per employee that it's not even it's not
even fair comparison in a sense finally
even Carol now admits that her big
strategic moved last fall to sort of
spend you know tens of millions of
dollars on the it's you ad campaign was
mistakes she sort of she said it didn't
really have a call to action it didn't
drive new users to the site Yahoo liked
back then right after the campaign went
out they like to argue that increased
engagement on the site but this was also
a time when they they launched a new
front page they there are a number of
reasons where engagement could have gone
up in fact one reason they actually told
us they tried to tell us that engagement
was up over in October over September
thinks the ad campaign by about three
percent well it actually happens to be
that engagement is a measure of page
views and there were about three percent
more days in october than September
has something to do with it finally
another sign that carols days are
numbered or that she at least needs a
miracle to sort of turn this company
around is that top talent is leaving
specifically Yahoo's top ad sales exec
Joanne Bradford yesterday news broke
that she's off running too she's going
to demand media which is a start-up to
run their ad sales be their chief
revenue officer that's a devastating
blow to Carol's tenure I mean that's
certainly a strong vote of no confidence
and finally so what so what can Carol do
so Carol Bartz is an excellent operator
and she's done a good jobs from
streamlining Yahoo's management
structure and cutting and selling a
number of businesses that really I have
no business being in so it's not like
the cheese just get thrown out on a rear
anything like that we think what should
happen is that Yahoo should just go by
AOL and take tons of these redundant
businesses there's lots of overlapping
media businesses and sales teams and
just cutting cut if there's millions and
millions and tens of millions of dollars
to be saved there by just cutting all
these redundancies Carol moves to the
chairmanship and Tim Armstrong who has
done actually a pretty good job sort of
mapping out a strategic vision for AOL
can take that sort of rah-rah expertise
combined with this surprising strategic
vision that he's sort of displayed and
run a reinvigorated yahoo AOL and so
that's what we think that the company
should do and hopefully that sort of
takes place anyway I'm Nicholas Carlson
thanks for so much for joining us
