so Tom let's start off with a war of the
elephants you've got Microsoft Google
and Apple increasingly going after this
situation we're in mobile and search and
everything else they're just going to be
beating each other's brains out
head-to-head what happens to that over
the next five to ten I'd add facebook I
think Facebook is a big enough player
obviously a fraction of the market cap
of the other three but but I think
they're their major factor as well what
happens you know the big play going
forward first of all you know winning
the hearts and minds of commercially
intended consumers is where the action
is in terms of business right people
tend to lose sight of that right it's
not it's not necessarily where people go
it's where they go to think about cleans
commercial or advertising through
whatever right whatever I mean making
decisions about what to buy right that's
why search has been such a juggernaut
because it's been the place they go for
lots of things but overwhelmingly it's
the place people go to figure out what
to buy and that's where google has made
hey so what happens going forward first
of all so the two arenas in the web and
I would extend this to other media as
well but on the web is it still going to
be search and Google thinks about having
come from google in last three years
google thinks about two places were
threatening to them one are people going
to start going to their friends to think
about commercial decisions rather than
this this utility of search and their
Facebook obviously is a huge threat and
second are they going to skip past the
sort of generic search mode and go
specifically to commercially oriented
searches to a commercially oriented
ecommerce search site like Amazon right
so the two big players winning a man
named amazon we should have two big
players that are threatening in in terms
of the google's current business not
Microsoft Yahoo they are Facebook and
Amazon so you say that even though
Facebook as of yet has barely figured
out indicated they're just starting to
people have always been saying this
but you've got another longtime internet
better veteran bopi buddy who founded
tripod a long time ago and so forth his
come at basically state look this whole
idea that Facebook and Twitter are going
to be good businesses to joke never
going to happen you seem to think
differently you know the issue facebook
is taking a page from from Google's book
and saying let's just keep developing
the platform they put ninety-eight
percent of their energy into that and by
the way they're not wrong to do it
facebook is running at whatever we hear
a billion dollar revenue run rate on 400
million uniques that's too low at fifty
cents a year that's minuscule right they
could be generating 1020 hundred times
that business 100 is a little little
high but they could be generated a lot
more business right they don't do it
because they're intent on building and
maintaining that that platform the place
people go to to connect with friends and
to share information and entertainment
so so they're focused on that they're
not really focused on monetizing what
they do in terms of selling is the
low-hanging fruit that basically selling
TV they're selling mass with a
demographic overlay they could do so
much more they could do what we do at me
t 6 degrees they could use friend
targeting and they could do it at great
scale but they choose not to I frankly
tried to encourage them to do it because
it wouldn't help you improve my business
if they did but they choose not to they
choose to focus on the platform and the
low-hanging fruit in terms of Commerce
nevertheless they are a threat to Google
down the line because because that's a
viable option for consumers in terms of
thinking about what to buy going to
friends as we do in real life we ask our
friends right alright so here's the
fearless prediction part now so we look
at the market caps of all these
companies right now on sort of a bar
graph you've got Microsoft Apple Google
hanging out up here somewhere Facebook's
way down here is in lost revenue Twitter
amazigh missoni behavior love somewhere
like that so fast forward five to ten
years what do they look like Microsoft
going down Microsoft's going down I mean
there's no all the growth arenas are
places where Microsoft has already lost
they're trying to make something out of
search I don't think it's going to
happen they are still you know making
noises and mobile but they've
they've got negative your chart the
other day was fabulous that gun they you
know they just they're they're in
decline in the key new platform which is
mobile so I Microsoft's got nowhere to
go they have a huge cache credibly
valuable profitable business and it's
going to decline inexorably ok next 10
years Microsoft so 200 whatever is 260
billion I I don't see that going
anywhere but south when does it cross
the ascendance I don't know don't worry
about I don't know this guy so Google so
who is healing to rape position they
still dominate search they do a great
job with search they could do better
they are they have the game to lose in
my and mobile right mobile is going to
be a great commercial platform in that
search mode it's a small footprints hard
to do other kinds of advertising but you
can find stuff there and you can find
stuff commercially there and Google with
with between search and Google geo maps
etc they should be the big player mode
and that leads us to Apple which is also
an apple becoming a huge play right and
they have the platform and then and the
walled garden platform and they'd like
to extend that and I i don't i think
that's that's a strategy there's their
wall garden strategy I think has
diminishing returns so I think Google
will beat them in in mobile so you think
that Apple's making the same mistake
made with Microsoft with a mac by the
way they made hay with it they made a
lot of money they've generated a lot of
enterprise value with that model and
maybe they can find the next one and
keep keep you know leapfrogging and
maybe in the iPads it i don't know but
but in fact in in the in the smartphone
arena i think google is going to be
ascendant I think apples going to
plateau so certainly a contrarian view
there it sounds like the most contrarian
view maybe your view of facebook which
is that they will in fact kick into a
high gear I think they doubt I I think
it's going to take them a couple years
but I think commercially they can do it
on the web they can do it mobile and
they can be a very valuable platform in
both and then lastly little Twitter
which is still making a lot of noise
uncle buzz going to kill them Facebook
gonna kill
any business there is it just Twitter I
think they talk comfortably about what's
coming I'm very curious to see what it
is I dick castle as a personal friend of
mine I like him a lot I I you know I
think they'll come up with something I
don't know what's going to be they've
got a they've got a they've got a great
plot they again are taking that page
from google and now facebook and just
building the platform am not worrying
too much about the commercial
