welcome back to another edition of you
ask we answer where we take questions
you asked us on the web and answer them
in this video segment the first one
today is has google jumped a shark it
wasn't long ago everyone loved and
praised every move no google has not
jump the shark what's happened is that
Google has gotten much bigger and you
know before was the little guy everyone
was rooting for Google because they had
a fresh take on everything they had a
very simple user interface whereas
everyone else had a lot of clutter and
now they're getting into what's called
feature creep where they have kind of an
answer to everything you know it started
with gmail and google calendar which are
pretty successful and then it got a
little hairy stuff like google checkout
which still hasn't really turned out
that well an android which seems to be
doing okay but we'll see in a couple
years what happens there and stuff like
Google Buzz which came out last week or
the week before and you know it's
basically a clone of a failed service
called friendfeed but it had the
advantage of being plugged into gmail so
you know we'll see i don't think google
has jumped the shark they still do a lot
of things very well they are being
highly disruptive at least potentially
to Microsoft in many ways an apple in
some ways and you know they still do
good stuff and they're still making a
ton of money and as long as they
continue to do that they can do whatever
they want some stuff like buying and
selling energy I don't know why they're
necessarily getting into that but and
especially the broadband thing that's a
little ridiculous Google is going to
invest a lot of money into a trial for
broadband but again this isn't this
isn't necessarily Google trying to get
its feet into every market and become an
Internet service provider here it's just
kind of experimenting with all the cash
it has and trying to pressure real ISPs
like AT&T and Comcast into getting their
act together a little quicker so
basically I don't think Google has
jumped the shark it seems like they're
actually doing a decent job being
focused and they have the money to put
in a lot of different places so they're
doing that if they start to flail a
little bit and do more you know just
some crazy stuff maybe I'll change my
mind but for
I think they're in good shape next
question with the introduction of the
new Microsoft mobile soft work and palm
survive it's going to be very
interesting to see what happens over the
next two years in the smartphone market
there's probably room for two or three
winners among them could be research in
motion which makes the blackberry Apple
which makes the iphone google android
maybe Microsoft maybe palm palm came out
at CES 2009 with the fresh new webos and
the pre and tech geeks loved it but so
far consumers have not really adopted it
and that leads us to the next question
why does everyone think palm is in
trouble why do they have to beat Apple
or Android and sales to win well if you
look at their macro sales that's a big
picture of their micro sales and it's
very important for on an individual
customer basis for pollen to be able to
win a purchase decision between Apple or
Google if someone is just going to keep
if people are going to keep buying
iphones it doesn't matter how nice palm
platform is it's just not going to win
and you know there's a lot of factors in
here and how much developers are going
to continue to invest in paul maps but
consumers you know that's at the end of
the day that's what matters is for
pollen to be able to take market share
and cell phones profitably and so far
they have not been able to do either of
those things next question any idea when
Yahoo will get its first payment from
Microsoft I don't think they've been
explicit about this but from Yahoo's
last communication it looks like they're
going to try to get things set up with
their microsoft search deal by the end
of this year at least in the US so I
imagine that some money could change
hands this year it you know if not next
year but it doesn't look like the whole
thing is going to be fully integrated
worldwide at least until 2012 so still a
ways off for that us probably by the end
of this year they said they might
transition some advertisers over next
year depending on how things line up
with the Christmas holidays and what
does the ad network landscape look like
in six to twelve months is the next
question ad networks we've seen our real
business they're not going away there
was a ton of
vc investment in a lot of different ad
networks in the last several years
obviously the winners and losers will
come out there's going to be
consolidation big companies will
continue to you know snap up smaller
companies or steal business from them so
definitely expect to see both big
overarching ad networks with a lot of
reach and also some specialized vertical
ad networks where they specialize in you
know something like travel or business
and or something like federated media
which were partner with which kind of
specializes in social media or what they
say conversation that kind of stuff will
continue to exist you may see some deals
like AOL may get rid of adcom but in
general you know ad networks are not
going away they're a real business
mobile ad networks are going to be
interesting to watch to Google of course
has snapped one up recently AdMob apple
also bought one it's still a very small
market but its projected to grow a lot
so we'll see what happens there
Microsoft would be a buyer there maybe
yahoo and the last question is how did
porn app slip into the App Store only to
be taken down by Apple well there
weren't any actual porn apps in the App
Store there were no you know nothing
hardcore but there were a lot of kind of
wacky silly stuff like jiggly apps and
things where you could look at pictures
of people in swimsuits and stuff like
that and at some point in the last week
Apple said to itself look if we are
going to be you know the Walmart of this
industry the huge apple store and
parents are going to trust their kids
with to have their own iPhone or iPod
touch we have to clean this up so Apple
made the decision to get rid of
thousands of apps that may be considered
kind of porn and we've written about it
quite a bit most recently we've seen
there is a double standard in play here
if you are a big media company like
Sports Illustrated or Playboy you're
allowed to keep your kind of semi nude
apps in there
while the in develop in D developers
have been completely booted out so you
know you could say that's kind of a
ridiculous double standard in the end
it's Apple they're going to do whatever
they want you know even with pressure
it's going to be hard to change their
mind so that's what happened there was
never really actual porn in the app
store of course you still can find it on
your iPhone with the Safari web browser
but everyone knows that already so
thanks again this has been another you
ask we answer we'll see you next week
