I was right I don't have high
expectations for die cut ginger lime
snow it's hair no it's terrible the
aftertaste it just tastes fake I think
it's a little bit sweeter than regular
dico dico kinda has that like bite to it
where is this feels a little bit
smoother the ginger isn't super strong
but it's kind of barren it's good
actually
you don't taste the ginger it's just
lime it tastes like if you had a little
orange soda left in your cup and then
you put diet coke into it but I don't
taste any diet and that like that tastes
like a full flavored soda this is
straight-up one soda it also just tastes
like normal orange soda not like zesty
blood orange soda no I don't I would not
drink this
sherry
it doesn't taste terrible but it tastes
like a bad version of cherry coke like
if you like wanted like real cherry coke
you'd be better but this this is Cosmo
it doesn't have too much of a difference
between it other so does that kind of
our cherry II tasting but I should
really like this I would drink this it's
almost like smells like medicine and you
smell it before you even taste it this
is the most intense flavor of all of
them I think it's kind of chemically
tasting it doesn't taste like mango it's
sort of case just like flat Diet Coke
with some weird flavor in it that does
not represent mango at all
smells kind of vague I like me cherry
one I thought the cherry one was really
really good I thought it was kind of
classic but still interesting if I had
to choose the front of the line so far
this is my favorite flavor but the bar
is pretty look at when it comes to these
flavored die cuts I think I liked the
twisted mango the best out of the bore
even though I liked all the floor this
is the one I would be most likely to go
to the store and buy good flavors just
don't get me going and the tall cans are
just weird
it's like reminds you of like an energy
drink but it's not it's weird
you
