there are seemingly a ton of online ad
marketplaces how do you differentiate
yourself from the rest yeah that's a
good question it's definitely something
we think about a lot as I start up for
us the market in which we operate is
really a brand new segment of the cost
per lead marketplace so you can separate
gospel early to advertising into two
categories the first is kind of the only
category which is sales leads those are
generic leads mortgages car loans
insurance those leads can be resold to
multiple buyers so if you think of
lending tree for offers for your loan
that means your data sold four times for
mortgage that makes sense however in the
category that we've been creating which
is marketing leads the data is one
hundred percent owned by the advertiser
and is specific to that advertiser so
for instance we were the only cost per
lead company to work with the Obama
campaign those leads that we generated
were the property of the Obama campaign
obviously we couldn't sell them to
another political candidate reigns there
wouldn't be happy I would clearly not
given the the lead generation regulatory
screen d a couple years ago I believe
you guys came in after that did that
affect your vision at all or did you see
a niche come about because of the
regulation yeah so really certainly saw
that there was an overarching need for
transparency in the market so
transparently in this case simply means
do you know where your offers are
running do you know what publishers
you're using where your creative is what
it looks like and that in itself is very
disruptive and the cost per lead market
because it really never existed before
so that was kind of our underlying
premise now this is I think your third
startup yes how do you walk the
tightrope we were just talking about
venture capitalist yeah how do you walk
the tightrope between cash conservation
and further in your brand yeah yeah I
think that's something you have to think
about every day when you're running a
start-up and I think the bottom line is
you have to be ruthlessly honest with
yourself about your position in the
market and you know what is your real
access to capital if you have access to
capital then you can obviously you can
be more aggressive you can postpone
profitability and go for market share
you know especially if you have a very
large market you know like we do you
know I think there are other companies
that you know not
they don't necessarily have as large a
potential market and you don't
necessarily want to create an entity
with a massive burn rate we want to
target profitability and there as
quickly as you can now what's the best
advice you've ever received with regard
to starting a company yeah yeah well I
think the two the two best pieces of
advice because they're interrelated and
it goes back to something that Marc
Andreessen talks about a lot with
product market fit is one you have to
love risk if you're an entrepreneur you
have to love risk and we're willing to
take a lot of risk and go to sleep at
night with a lot of risk and you know
able to sleep inhale asleep re not
obviously but the ability to take that
risk means you can get through the
second or third obstacle and the 200th
obstacle that you're going to face as an
entrepreneur and really that risk is
also related to the need to be flexible
because you know as Mark I think said a
while ago and it's setting a lot of blog
posts you have to be really willing to
change your initial mission because you
know has a great military leader once
said you know no battle plan survives
contact with the enemy you'll always
have to change your mission based on
conditions on the ground and we
certainly evolved a lot has a company
you have a core vision but the specifics
changed and that flexibility is really
key to success now when you go sit down
with say Marc Andreessen what does any
executive of a new startup need to know
what do you need to be able to pull off
in that meeting sure well I think you
have to have something that you know
ideally has never been done before and
sometimes those things aren't
necessarily as pie in the sky as people
think this you know I see a lot of buzz
out in the market you know about social
media virtual worlds virtual currency
but sometimes some of the biggest
opportunities are right in front of you
I mean look at cost per lead you know
fundamentally people are creating all
these new Twitter and mobile and
gagement all these different things but
so much of that media is still being
bought and sold in very old models
either CPM which is an old newspaper or
essential yep pricing model or CPC which
is newer but fundamentally you know this
there's still big pieces of the market
that needs to be developed
in order to monetize content for
publishers and now make advertising more
effective there's still a lot of
fundamental problems that are right in
front of us that need to be solved
