Matthew Bishop of The Economist's the
author of the road from ruin which is
going to which tells us how we can get
our country back from the collapse we've
just had into being on top again has
some opinions about this debt issue is
Paul Krugman right that this is not the
time to be worried about the deficit but
one of the things that we do in the road
from ruin is to look at the aftermath of
bubbles bursting throughout history and
to say what lessons can we learn from
history and it's a pretty strong lesson
from the 1930s that you the government
does need to reflate the economy when
you go the quiddity crisis of the kind
that we've had when you win the public
panic Sandra trenches and stop spending
that the government has to take up the
slack and so you know I think it's right
and it's good that the governments of
the world have learned that one lesson
from the 1930s the trouble is as we also
observed that in the 1970s keynesianism
as I guess that reflationary policy was
was known as you know actually ran out
of steam that governments actually
aren't very good at spending money
effectively and that in the end we had
unsustainable large states that were
sucking all the entrepreneurial capital
out of the system and so we have to at
some point reverse track and the thing
is America already had a serious fiscal
problem before we got into this crisis
because you've got unfunded social
security and medical which is obligation
aren't even doubted you know we
apparently fannie and freddie's bailout
is not counted in that some of the
deficit numbers that we're seeing as
well there were real questions out in
the global economy when up see china has
been buying a lot of american securities
and there's growing worries that maybe
you know that actually they'll say we
will lose confidence in American debt
paper and maybe even the ratings
agencies were considered downgrading
American debt which would have sort of
catastrophic implications in the capital
markets so there's a lot of reason to
worry about and I think that's why the
government is under pressure rightly to
actually come up with a plan I can't see
it happening before the midterm
elections because the pressure is going
to be on
on the government to spend and that's
about it and create jobs and so as soon
as we see the midterms out of the way I
think there's going to be a huge crisis
about spending America and how to
actually bring this this sort of rising
debt problem under control so we spend
through the midterms then we have this
debate if the economist's were running
the country what would we do well i
think you know we would continue
stimulating at the moment but i think we
would have some very tough proposals on
privatizing a lot of what's going on the
state getting rid of a lot of
entitlements particularly around social
security will be raising the retirement
age very aggressively for people who are
approaching retirement now rather than
people 20 years in the future which
tends to be what politicians proposing
but you have to get very aggressive with
a number of the promises that have been
made which is just not sustainable in
this in the world we're now entering
raise taxes well I think we we we would
actually look more introducing va te
here and actually moving towards more of
a flat tanks getting rid of some of the
you know the idea that you can just
simply tax the rich to solve this
problem is ludicrous it's the thing that
politicians often save it was the
easiest thing to say but it's not going
to address the problems of America's
face and anyone who travels in Europe
America to travel europe very familiar
with the vit what is the DAT and what's
the opposition to it if it's such a good
idea well i'm adding the big it's an
it's just attacks on the the value each
stage that value is added to the
products that are being made you take a
bit of tax out of the system it's very
easy to collect because it's on goods
and services that are bought so there's
a key point at which money is collected
that you can actually tax the problem
with it is that is it's regressive that
poor people it hits poorer people harder
than richer people and so that makes it
quite a hard sell politically
