and you've done it before you tackle
this project you've built a lot of other
energy projects you've watched all the
industries you just talked about which
have been credible for the country and
for Massachusetts do you feel like there
are just much higher hurdles for this
particular industry that where people
again are rushing to throw things in the
path to try to block it well Henry I've
been developing energy projects in New
England for 35 years and and we were one
of the companies that helped to pioneer
clean natural gas-fired electric
generation in this region and we
developed six major projects and every
single one of them had some opposition
what you try and do is you basically try
to put the facts on the table put your
what you're doing in context against
what the alternatives are and when we
were developing natural gas-fired
projects other people were proposing
coal-fired power plants clearly we
believed that we had an orders of
magnitude cleaner technology very cost
effective and reliable and it was shown
that natural gas-fired power projects
contributed a lot to this region in
terms of electric reliability and a
healthier environment I think the
situation with cape wind is and Henry
you have to go where the wind is unlike
coal oil or natural gas which you can
barge pipe or truck with wind power you
have to go where the wind is and what we
found is such an optimal site in the
middle of Nantucket Sound it had strong
winds very shallow depths reasonable
proximity to transport the electricity
with undersea cables to the existing
grid that was the good news the bad news
it was surrounded by some of the most
wealthy and influential lawyers and
politicians in the country
