welcome back let's get right to it is
Congress really so corrupt that Wall
Street calls the shots the short answer
is yes Congress really is so corrupt and
Wall Street really does call the shots
time after time we've seen attempts at
financial regulation reform crushed by
the Wall Street lobby how exactly does
it do this mainly by appealing to the
aspirations of people on Capitol Hill
the Capitol Hill's staff particularly in
the Banking Committee all aspire to work
for Wall Street firms or lobbyists that
work for Wall Street firms as long as
that aspiration is dominant in their
lives there's no way they're going to do
anything that seriously works against
the interests of banks of large
insurance companies were basically stuck
there there are three types of people in
Washington DC who are interested in the
financial system the first type are
people who someday want to go work for a
Wall Street firm those people obviously
have a conflict of interest the second
type are people who used to work for
Wall Street firm and plan on going back
that's a revolving door and they are
also dangerous the third type are the
people who used to work for a Wall
Street firm and never want to go back
it's important that we make the
distinction between those two types of
people everybody gets very upset when
they see an investment banker go to work
for government the question isn't so
much whether it's dangerous just to
allow investment bankers in government
it's really whether it's not to allow
government workers to go back to
investment banking there are ways to
address us and we need to do that so
let's move on in the next question
investment bankers who arguably might
actually work for the government I'm
talking about the people at AIG
financial products it's just revealed
that they're about to pay out another
100 million dollars in bonuses is this
outrageous of course it is this is these
are people who work for a company
is owned in large part by the US
taxpayer it would be bankrupt it would
have been bankrupt a year and a half ago
if not for the support of the US
government it would be bankrupt today if
we remove that support yet they are
paying millions in bonuses to the very
division that wrecked the company so
what can we do about this nothing much
I'm afraid we've decided that we're not
going to liquidate AIG apparently that
was the original proposition we're going
to bail it out and then destroy the
company apparently we're not going to do
that we're going to keep it alive so as
long as we're dedicated to the
proposition that AIG must never die then
we have to keep paying these outrageous
bonuses to people I guess you get the
financial system and the government you
deserve this has been you ask we answer
thanks for watching
