Andrew what is peak oil and what does it
mean yeah Peak Oil is essentially the
point at which the world stops being
able to increase its usage at first rate
of usage of oil and gas you know peak
oil in my mind is essentially an
inventory measure what were you going to
put in the numerator a total amount of
barrels that the world has and how many
other rate that the the global uses oil
and gas supplies and you know the actual
initial work that what kind of is
credited mostly it was done by each king
Hubbert at Shell Oil back and I believe
in 1960s and at the time he correctly
predicted the peak in US oil production
and using his data a lot of folks
thought that the peak and US oil
production was going to happen in a 2004
2009 time period of course it's going to
take a number of years beyond that
period for us to really assess if it
truly happened but fundamentally you
know we have two ways to control Peak
Oil one is to add new resources which
we've done through shale gas to shale
oil through you know potential you know
new deposits in the Gulf of Mexico and
then on the denominator side excuse me
or we can change is how quickly we use
it and that comes where that's where
conservation carpooling and other such
kind of measures can help us out so how
those to balance that will open a
determine when Peak Oil occurs and I
think right now we're right in the
middle of that assessment so given that
it's been on the minds of people for the
last four years is it something that's
imminent or looming is it something that
we really need to plan for our
governments around the world absolutely
I mean it's no one wants to wake up and
find that before exactly so that in my
mind that's where we're going to see
additional alternative resources come to
the forefront of course over last you
know couple generations has been nuclear
we've had hydro for a while you know we
had we've got a lot of coal you know the
question is how can we scale up those
additional
sources particularly solar hydro kind of
nuclear to kind of do it safely and
sustainably so given the fact that a lot
of people think this should be a risk
management scenario what are we doing or
what's the estimated economic impact is
that can you even quantify that oh there
are probably a lot more savvy economists
out there that have an estimate on the
impact of switching to alternative fuels
and that's sadly that's outside my
bailiwick there seems to be a dearth of
case studies or programs dedicated to
what happens if when this actually
occurs should there be more business
school studies expansion of what we're
doing or is that going to solar going to
grid are those the alternative ideas Wow
certainly that will have to have a
number of different possibilities you
know a few years ago a few years ago
ethanol was a very big idea and of
course Brazil as i understand it has a
lot of ethanol supplies to the US you
know given that the first presidential
primary happens in Iowa you know we'll
probably have corn based ethanol for a
while however it's it's going to take
probably a generation or more for us to
determine whether all these different
ideas can actually be sustainable and
the scaled up to the size that will need
to have it you know I have a meaningful
impact on the overall use of energy so
given the depletion globally should the
u.s. be more focused on our oil reserves
or what we can do as alternative energy
well sort of bringing it in house yeah
certainly you know I think shale gas has
has has helped kind of open people's
eyes that that possibility is there the
US for the most part is self-sustaining
or North America self-sustaining on
natural gas side you know we import some
LNG from from outside North America but
it's it's maybe ten percent of usage on
a daily basis whereas an oil side we're
importing you know I think sixty percent
or more of our oil usage so you know
it's jail gas is probably our best
opportunity in the short term to kind of
alleviate those needs and of course then
finding some ways to get natural gas
into the transportation infrastructure I
mean at this time oil is primarily a
transfer
fuel and gas and coal are primarily
power fuels we have to find a way to
kind of create that BTU parity great
thank you Andrew thank you
