welcome back we're here to stay with
Matt mireles founder and CEO of speaker
text Matt can you tell us a little bit
more about speaker text yeah sure
speaker text is a really easy to use web
application right now works with YouTube
and it integrates your transcript into
the video and it allows you to search
and navigate within the do using the
transcript just like you could any other
text document furthermore anytime you
quote the transcript and you paste into
a blog or a story if you're a journalist
or an email the quote automatically
hyperlinks back to the exact moment
inside the video where that quote came
from gotcha now you started the company
in fall of two thousand eight right in
the middle of the financial apocalypse
what was that like uh part of it was a
practical decision I was like all right
I just graduated from Columbia in May I
was looking at the job the job outlook
and it wasn't pretty and I had this idea
for a start-up and I decided to kind of
go for it and it was really good thing
though for us because initially we
thought oh maybe we'll raise money and
we'll do all these you know being
extravagant spendy things but we looked
at the economic situation we realized
okay that's not going to happen where we
got to do this just with what little we
have and so it really forced us to pare
down and focus we had all these big
extravagant features in mind that would
cost a lot of money to create and we
just pared it down to are the little
things that were important product
features and just those and just build a
minimally Viable Product and we did it
on almost no money and it ended up
really making us focus as a company
great so are there any specific ways
that you had to innovate or any tricks
that you used in order to get your
product off the ground right away
uh yeah so one thing was hiring
engineers initially it was just me and
my co-founder he was an engineer that I
knew from college talked him into doing
this with me and we had an opportunity
to go to a job fair at the Columbia at
Columbia was the engineering job fair in
the fall and and we went and we got all
these amazing resumes and all these
people who wanted to hire but we didn't
have any money to hire them but we
interviewed we talked to them we said
well what's something we can offer them
that you know they might actually want
and we decided well I phones you know
they're in college they probably don't
have the money to afford it and you know
it sounds a lot better than saying I'll
give you two hundred dollars I say hey
here's an iphone it's actually pretty
cool and it's useful and strategically
it's useful for us that they understand
the power of the iphone is a mobile
computer gotcha was there were there any
tricks that you use to get maybe service
providers to give you services for for
you too yeah yeah so um I actually I
worked as a paramedic here in the city
that's how i funded myself in my life
ever since i graduated and one time i
was working at done CPR and somebody's
family member and I was doing the
paperwork afterwards and I was kind of
struck up casual conversation with the
person son and you know turns out he was
a lawyer asked him what kind and the
course of it he turned out to be a
corporate lawyer I mentioned it's like
she said why I said oh I have the
startup work looking for a lawyer and
it's like oh what's the startup and I
kind of flipped the switch and I went in
to pitch mode mm-hmm hi and you know he
was impressed he gave me his number and
then month and a half later out of the
blue he called me and said that his firm
which happened to be a major
international law firm with 1,100
lawyers and 17 or 17 offices worldwide
would take us on as pro bono clients and
that provided a lot of validation and
psychologically just like it's really
hard when you think like man this is
never going to work to have somebody who
actually believes in you it was a huge
help and we may we might not even gone
through with the whole point
if if you hadn't you know believed in us
at that really early stage great and
finally do you have any words of advice
for other entrepreneurs thinking about
starting a business while resources are
still scarce yeah I think the most
important thing is don't hide your ideas
you know there's a school of thought
that oh I need to keep all my IDs secret
people are going to steal them people
aren't going to steal your ideas your
idea is probably maybe have something
good about them but they mostly suck the
best way to improve your ideas is
actually to go out and talk to other
people and pitch them you know because
when we started off we think it would be
a tool we thought speaker text to be a
tool just for you journalists use
privately well in the course of pitching
gazillions of people we got feedback and
realized huh this could be actually
useful for video publishers and it
expanded our idea of our potential
market size gazillion times and going
out there putting yourself out there
pitching even when it's just an idea um
you and the other thing is don't say
that I'm going to start a company start
the company it's that act of st. of
doing it is bliss you have to you have
to get people to believe in something
that doesn't exist yet and that's the
after the entrepreneur is to get other
people to see what does not yet exist
and to do that you have to see it in
your mind first and if you do that and
you're good people will actually follow
you okay well thank you so much
