welcome back we're joined by Gene
Munster who covers Apple for Piper
Jaffray gene it's the beginning of the
year we have about five or six months
left until its iPhone season again and
the first kind of rumors are starting to
come out today I saw something about the
next phone having multi-touch covering
like the new apple mouse has and I'm
sure over the next few months we're
going to hear a lot of the stuff but to
me the more interesting story at least
on the business side is going to be
distribution especially in the US what
do you think is a tease exclusive done
here is verizon going to be a 2010 story
or is that still coming in the future
III think verizon is going to be selling
the iphone by the end of 2010 and
ultimately I think everyone's pretty
mixed on this and the reason why we
believe that they're going to be son is
it just makes sense for them to do it
and I realized there's been a lot of in
the advertising some of the advertising
that verizon's done hasn't been quite
appealing to Apple but at the end of the
day verizon wants to win and they're
going to need the iphone the best phone
the nuclear weapon if you will in the
mobile phone space in order to compete
so we think you will verizon users you
will get the phone and we think that's
going to be likely in the September
quarter I mean I got to agree with you i
say AT&T did a very nice job at the
initial launch but just not only the way
the network is performed but also
there's just a certain number of people
who are not going to leave verizon
they're the biggest carrier it just
simply makes too much sense for them to
discontinue the exclusive relationship
and you think the subsidy will be
affected at all or will Apple still get
the same subsidy from verizon and AT&T
once they're able to sell on multiple
carriers in the US apple said on their
conference called it in a multi care
environment which would be the case if
Verizon came on board that the subsidy
would effectively stay the same or their
price would stay the same so I don't
think you should start to see many
differences in the pricing they may have
a free version take the existing hundred
hours and move that to free but i think
that the really core of this if you look
at the biggest reason why people in the
united states don't buy an iphone it's
because it's on 18
there's just a lot of verizon users who
would love this phone and so Apple
understands that I think they're doing
everything in the power to work with
verizon to make this a reality great in
the last couple months especially google
android has gotten a lot of attention i
know you also cover google and do you
think that the current stable of android
devices are any threat to Apple or is it
more along the lines of when motorola
and LG and Samsung and all those guys
are making the cheap you know throwaway
$50 to a hundred dollar devices or even
free devices on Android wear then they
can really flood the market not just
smartphones the high-end stuff where
Apple's playing but also the kind of
mid-range feature phones will that be a
threat to Apple as well there's no
question the mobile market has gotten
more competitive in the last three
months and the nexus ones are the best
example of a phone that comes close to
the iphone but it's still not the iphone
the risk to Apple isn't one device
actually captures the imagination of the
public and start swinging chair it's the
death by a thousand cuts sure a year ago
was the palm pre it was the storm the
palm pre the the droid the nexus one
every month you're going to have some
phone that's going to be proclaimed to
be an iphone killer and that's going to
hold off some people from actually
buying an iphone so we saw the same
phenomenon back in two thousand four to
two thousand six with the ipod is more
devices started to hit the market at the
end of the day none of them can offer
the same ubiquitous experience where you
can move content around through itunes
into your phone that that Apple can
offer and that's a big competitive
advantage so three billion apps
downloaded huge story you know I own an
iphone i use apps all the time do you
think these are apps that will keep
people on the platform is there a
lock-in factor I've spent several
hundred dollars on apps most people I
know have not obviously do you think
this is something that would keep
someone from after their iPhone
contractors ups from leaving Apple for
another device or carrier or these apps
kind of inconsequential and while it's a
nice story they're not really locking
anyone into the platform no they are
locking things people do change their
apps frequently but just the ease of use
that they can use the apps one thing
interesting is we go and survey people
and ask them what kind of cell phones
that they
who their manufacturers only half the
people actually know who their
manufacturers a lot of times they think
it's their carriers or manufacturer but
people have iphones no it's an iphone
and this is the first time has ever been
real brand loyalty in the mobile space
so I think it's a combination of the
brand loyalty which is driven by the
apps will keep people back and bind
future iPhones great and in terms of
last year's updates to the iphone the
3gs was kind of a minor update in terms
of features the pricing and the value
were definitely added but the features
that they added Apple added we're not
very significant do you think this
year's crop is going to be one where
they do kind of make a stronger leap or
is this going to be another year where
they say okay here's this year's iPhone
maybe it has a little more memory maybe
a slightly better camera and it's on
more carriers will do that and they'll
take the existing phone as we talked
about move that down but don't forget
that Apple's talked about a strategy of
having a differentiated market they're
trying to do that with the 3g and 3gs
but there's still an opportunity that
for example in nano foam comes out we
don't know that that's the case but I
wouldn't be surprised if in the next
year and a half that you're going to see
just a different form factor iphone that
it really segments the market and I know
you don't focus on the wireless carrier
market at all but in terms of your
analysis of how the iphone will continue
selling to this point Apple has made
their carrier partners be very simple
with the service offerings you know flat
fee all-you-can-eat data plan at first
it was even simpler with only one bucket
available for text messaging things but
AT&T has recently made noise that you
know they're going to try to get more
value out of more revenue out of some of
those high data users 4G as it comes
along maybe a situation where it's not
all-you-can-eat data anymore but they
start to charge by the pound or whatever
by how much internet access to use would
that ever impact sales for something
like an iPhone which is a data heavy
phone or do you think two people are
getting to the point where they're
addicted to this thing they're going to
pay as much as they need to for it well
the existing iphone owners I don't think
that's going to impact that I think that
there won't they they have more
disposable income they're willing to pay
an attitude price I think would
frustrate people but they pay for
minutes on it
package so I don't see that that being
that big of an issue I think it's you go
mainstream ultimately the iphone data
pack plans and all implants need to get
more in line with the rest of the
industry for this really to take off and
we think that that will happen but
that's going to be a challenge i think
is for kind of the real sweet spot of
the market 110 dollar monthly bill is
just too much for them that needs to
come down great and in this quarter of
eight point something million phones you
think though they'll move yep eight
point eight which is up about a hundred
little over a hundred percent
year-over-year and that's almost the 10
million they thought they would sell in
the first year which they beat obviously
in another year from now where we have
more more carriers in the US song the
iphone where it's available in you know
everywhere in asia that's possible how
many do you think they could be moving a
quarter by then but we have for next
year 45 million which is an average is
to be a little bit over 11 million per
quarter but i think if you kind of fast
forward even beyond then that you can
still see continued thirty percent
growth so you can just kind of run the
numbers but it's safe to say is that
this is still an early market over 1.2
billion phones sold a year 45 million in
that context is not a lot of phones
great thanks gene thank you
