welcome back with us gene munster at
piper jaffray who covers apple and the
internet industry gene so in two weeks
supposedly there's going to be this
Apple event the company hasn't said
anything about it yet officially but you
know everyone kind of knows it's going
to happen are you convinced at this
point that the tablet is going to be
part of this event yeah we've been
waiting for this since the summer of two
thousand seven so this is a long time
they coming for us and based on some
conversations we've had with a Taiwanese
components of fire we believe that that
will be the case they're going to
announce the tablet cool and and what's
your your vision for at least this first
tablet I mean I think eventually tablet
is just going to be a feature on a lot
of apple products from portables to some
of the max even but this first kind of
series what how do you think they're
going to get the public interested in a
category of electronics that kind of
doesn't do well now or doesn't even
really exist yeah that's the big
questions what's the use case of this
and there's two perspectives on it first
is to look back actually what we learned
from the ipod before the ipod or the
iphone before the iphone actually came
out a lot of people thought it was going
to actually be an ipod with one of the
you'd go down on your click wheel on
that hit phone and make a call from it
turned out to be something very
different so the use case turned out to
be something very different so in some
ways we kind of want to wait and see
exactly what it is but based on what we
know from from what Apple has told us in
the past is that this is going to be a
product that's going to most likely
target the netbook market so portability
is going to be one of its virtues a
price point that's less than the
existing max in a media rich experience
which likely will impact from publishers
and a different type of environment that
you'll interact with websites in a
different way a new way so what's the
use case and who's this really going
after the simple way to think about it
is it's kind of the edgy cutting-edge
netbook user who's got a little bit of
extra money initially but over time they
can move that price point down and maybe
show some features that we don't know
about right now so last week at CES deep
bomber brought out this tab
from HP and a couple others and you know
everyone yawn it was not very
interesting what is it do you think
Apple is going to be able to do that HP
and Microsoft and the other tablet
makers so far have not been able to do
both in terms of design ease of use of
features applications what what can
Apple do different and better that would
actually get people to spend money well
I I think this people keep coming back
this but the reality is what Apple can
do is an ecosystem and this other
devices can't do it and it really starts
with iTunes and I don't think Apple
would have predicted seven years ago
that iTunes would be such a critical
part of their business but a device like
this a tablet dies like this is going to
be a media experience and so not only do
you want music but video and also books
and newspapers so imagine this device
and what's different than maybe what the
HP device would be allowed to go to
iTunes to subscribe for some some
newsletters or or or typically what
would be a magazine a different
experience from that end but also just
an ease of use and connectivity with
iTunes I think it's something that none
of these devices can offer also just
from a touchscreen perspective Apple's
notorious for having fabulous touch
technology obviously this finger worse
technology they acquired five years ago
could play into this and so I think
you're going to see a different
experience and lastly is the apps is
that this device will likely run apps
probably not the same apps as your
iPhone but will likely run apps and so I
think the combination of all three of
those are something that's going to be a
very different experience for people
with this tablet versus the HP have you
heard of any specific corks hardware or
software wise that it might be part of
the device well we all we've heard is
that it's a from a screen size attendant
screen but from our perspective our
specific component supplier is more on
the processing speed side and it looks
like this is going to be a robust device
I mean this is going to be essentially a
laptop and a tablet so that that's
that's the extent that we have I had a
wacky dream where Steve Ballmer pulled
out a stolen apple tablet prototype and
showed it to me and it was aluminum back
wow so did you get to use it a little
bit not much but it was a very weird
dream in terms of publishers publishers
are going nuts
for the tablet they don't I don't know
how much they know about what it
actually is going to be and what
features it's going to have and whether
they would be able to publish magazines
and newspapers as apps through the app
store or I've even heard stuff like
they're thinking that adobe air will be
part of this I personally doubt that but
do you think that that I Theus Lee books
and magazines would be an ideal feature
for something like this do you think
that's something that apple will try to
control the sale of the way they do via
iTunes where they stock the virtual you
know music albums and videos and sell
them direct to consumer or do you think
it's going to be more like the app store
model where the publisher is the one
that produces the kind of bundle and
sells it to the consumer and then Apple
takes their cut I think it's going to be
different for the the publishers side
versus like a book publisher versus like
a magazine for example I think will be
two different models I think more of as
the blogsphere wants to probably address
an application for a tablet like this
they'll have kind of a self submit into
itunes or to whatever the store they
might have and then also with the actual
books I think that's going to be more
regulated if you look at what itunes
does today ottimo bucks are provided
through Amazon Apple has a deal through
Amazon where they do a revenue share so
you could see something where Amazon
actually provides the books for this
through but we do know from some
comments from people close to the
company that it sounds like the book
side is lower on their priority list in
other words it's probably a feature that
will be on the tablet but as far as is
it going to really work as well as the
kindle probably not but the publishing
experience is going to be something that
i think people are really going to take
notes so Apple may have more control
over publishing on the tablet ecosystem
they do with the iphone where it's very
much just a publisher makes the app app
goes to the consumer i think on the book
side they'll have more control i think
if you think about more real-time
magazines more more publishers online
publishers that might be more of a self
submit type of a model and then lastly
in terms of the impact on apple's
business the iphone in two and a half
years has quickly become if you remove
the subscription accounting you know a
massive massive part of their revenue
profits is the tablet something that
could achieve those kind of results or
is it going to be more like a model of a
Mac or a couple models of the iPhone
whether it you know it's part of a
larger story but not really the story
the way the iphone has become we think
of the tablet as part of the iphone
story and this is all part of mobile
computing and over the next decade
mobile is going to be the fastest growth
in hardware sales and so this is one
part of this mobile family and so
ultimately we don't think that the
tablet is going to be at least from from
how we see it today and the price points
we see today it's going to be as
mainstream as the iphone the addressable
market certainly isn't as big as the
phone market but it's going to be an
important piece to their overall mobile
strategy great thanks gene thank you
