aurea thanks for being with us this
morning i care is an inspiration behind
the book the inspiration behind the book
was I wanted to write a book because
let's face and we were reporting on the
downward spiral of the financial system
it was awful and I knew that there were
opportunities out there where people
were trying to make money so I started
working my rolodex calling the rural
ross's of the world if you will and I
realized that they were seeing pockets
of opportunity so I decided to sit down
and give my axis so to speak to readers
out there who might normally not have
the access that I have with Wilbur so
what were you try to achieve or hope to
accomplish in educating the public what
I hope to achieve was to get into the
mind of these leaders and get the how
and why it's the way that they do things
and the way that they analyze a
situation that makes them so unique and
I wanted to kind of tap into that
knowledge that way you are I or the
reader can actually kind of maybe learn
something from it and maybe gleam
whatever they're doing and maybe apply
those strategies to their own businesses
and their own investing styles so you
give investing advice or tips on stocks
from the rolodex that you had called
exactly I sit down with Ron Baron
Camlann gone really big legendary
investors kind of saying okay what was
your reaction to the fall of the
financial system but more importantly
what did you see where are the
opportunities and they were extremely
candid I mean Ron Baron says that he
lays awake at night now because of the
opportunities he is so excited and he
says because a lot of people have been
losing their jobs while that is
extremely I mean it's painful it's hard
for the economy there are opportunities
there for an investor because he's
investing in DeVry he's investing in
strayer education because people are
going back to school to learn a new
career so there that's a unique way of
playing the market so do you think that
the average investor can become the next
floor
if applying these best practices I want
to go that far but i'm a firm believer
as you know taking one mr. Buffett says
you invest in what you know ken Langone
him said he never got caught up in the
financial crisis because he didn't
invest in derivatives he invests in CD s
because he didn't understand it that's a
profound comment because it takes a big
person to say listen I don't understand
something I'm not going to go into it so
invest in what you know and it's very
simple but it really does apply so
you've called the book at celebration of
capitalism and nowadays people are so
keen on the connotation of that word
what did you mean by that stealing is a
celebration of capitalism because that's
what our nation is built upon banks as
you now have become a dirty dirty word
and we have to realize but not all banks
are bad it was the greed and the
ignorance and the arrogance of a few
that really toppled everything but there
are banks out there that are doing well
there are companies that arguing well
and that's what we have to embrace what
I'm talking about as a celebration of
capitalism because it's capitalism
that's going to lead us out of this this
downward spiral that we have experienced
what was the overall or general
consensus on government intervention and
stimulus through the downturn and
staving off well everybody thought was
essentially or we get it you know it's a
mixed bag it's a very fine line of
helping and then overstepping wayne
Huizenga who wrote my forward said that
the POIs we have the populace drum
beating right now in washington trying
to handcuff corporations if you will he
says that government has to be a partner
and they have to work with business not
work against them not laying on taxes to
get you know get our money back they
have to pay no he's saying you have to
work you have to encourage have tax cuts
that can maybe encourage R&D encourage
hiring new people so that was pretty
much a really big theme no matter what
sector that you were in so there is
silver linings of economic downturn I
think there is i mean you know while we
have learned some very harsh lessons
right now we have learned that in the
new economy you know GDP growth will be
less we have to learn that the consumer
is not going to be going out there and
buying the flat screen TVs that they
can't afford and your house is not an
ATM machine so I think you know bottom
line is you know less is more and that
we have to go back to a more modest
lifestyle and that is something that
even Pieter Cohen has expressed to his
own traders saying listen you're not
going to make the money that you did a
year or two ago this is the new norm and
the new norm is a little bit less so one
final question obviously your background
is television y a book I just feel very
fortunate where a lot of people say at
the trillion-dollar rolodex I me I could
call Wilbur Ross rich Allah frak Jim
Lentz of Toyota anytime that I want and
when I sit and I talked to them they're
brilliant in the way that they approach
business and I thought that if I wrote a
book and I interview them i could give
this access to a lot of people that
don't have that type of access and
that's the reason why I decided to write
it thank you thank you for having me
