we're back and we're joined by Andrew
Barron who's the co-founder of
rocketboom which was one of the first
web video series i started watching five
or six years ago and you're still around
you had to deal with sony where they
were selling your ads for a while and
and now i guess you're doing direct
sales how are you keeping the lights on
how are you making enough money to keep
funding and keep shooting well you have
just by doing direct sales and you know
that seems to be going pretty well and
just kind of essentially just growing at
the pace of the market instead of over
growing too fast we haven't ever taken
any venture capital and so we're not
under the pressure or the clock to you
know bring in a certain amount of
revenue and it essentially is taking a
lot longer you know to make this
transformation and media it's not quite
at the Silicon Valley pace you know of
investment cycles it's a little longer
so we're just kind of making sure that
we go at that pace and you're expanding
your doing more shows now know your meme
is one of the newer ones it's one of my
favorites what else you doing in terms
of kind of branching out beyond besides
the original rocketboom we also have
rocketboom tech which is starting to
branch off a bit and we also have a
really significant effort called human
wire that we're working on where our
field reports that we've been doing over
the years where we have correspondents
in different areas around the world
we've accumulated probably about a
hundred hundred and fifty now actually
correspondence and we're going to start
putting that out once a day so so we've
all seen how huge YouTube is obviously
and some of the smaller players have
kind of fallen off but I'm curious you
know it we still going to see a shake
out in the next couple years where some
more the web
aggregators go away you think that
they've kind of shifted their business
model I know blip TV has kind of here in
New York has focused more on advertising
and kind of behind the scenes things as
opposed to trying to compete with
YouTube there's other companies like
viddler that you know that are out there
what's going to happen with with vo and
dailymotion and all these guys who's
going to stick around and in the next
couple years well you know some of them
have found nice niche audiences like
Vimeo is a good example where people
that are into the more sort of the
artistic side or filmmaking side of
doing online video and want more out of
a player like they tend to migrate that
way or just like different communities
to sort of the vimeo also kind of goes
in with like the tumblr community a
little bit and they all kind of hook in
around together obviously who lose
significant because of the kind of
content that they have there some of the
other ones you know we'll have to see
it's I think a lot of them are looking
to do things maybe more like what
Brightcove is doing where maybe they can
get a few customers than they can handle
their the video players for people who
are keeping their video on their own
sites how about advertising you know the
players have come a long way are the
advertisers and their agencies and who's
ever representing them are they now
savvy enough for web video to be able to
make more byes and bigger by sure so
that Google is not the only one making
money here oh yeah sure I mean it's
really there's so much activity out
there it's it's just a matter of doing
the work to going out and you know in
getting it and starting the relations
are you know calling them or they
calling you these days absolutely both
yeah I mean it's it's a lot of incoming
and then also when we think of things we
also have our sort of sense of what we
think is ideal and so will always go
after those cool and you have a Newport
newer project called magma which is you
know too
to the user is basically a dashboard of
here are the videos that are going to
become the most popular you know the
viral videos that all your friends are
going to be sending around tomorrow or
the day after tell me a little more
about that and kind of who's it for and
how are you going to make that into a
business too yeah that's I mean the main
problem is that we've identified and
being a publisher and doing rocketboom
all these years is that whenever you
upload a video like to youtube or to
wherever then the next thing you want to
do is start tracking it and figuring out
he's talking about it and what are the
tweets you know that are being mentioned
what about Facebook you go over to
technorati or you go get google blog
alerts and you're trying to figure out
the terms and it just goes on and on and
on trying to collect data for every
single video and then you want to use
that data to go back and show the
marketer so that you can boast you know
a higher CPM essentially so it's all
directly relative to your value and so
there's really nowhere you know from the
publisher standpoint there's no way to
do that or there's no tools or anything
for us right now that make that simple
and so you're building a kind of a tool
for a lot of people it's for the user
who wants to watch video and see neat
videos but also for the publisher and
the potential advertiser who wants to
see stats about individual videos videos
and aggregate what people are saying
about them and things like that yeah
exactly cool well yan forward to seeing
will add a link to this story with the
the link to what magma will look like in
the future when they've added all the
other cool steps to it great thanks
that's Andrew Barron from rocketboom and
magma thanks for joining us
