welcome back we're discussing the ten
countries you must of the six countries
you must pay attention to in the next
decade last decade it was all about the
bricks I'm here with my colleague
Vincent Fernando who helped us put
together a special report on six nations
called the mavens and why don't you tell
us what they are yeah well I guess
essentially the mavens are Mexico
Australia Vietnam Indonesia Nigeria in
South Africa what we were looking for
are sort of some of some of the less
appreciated growth stories out in the
market and particularly company
countries that would actually feed into
the growth that's feeling the bricks
okay let's back up one second what were
the bricks and why do we have this thing
called the bricks well the bricks were
originally created by goldman sachs they
were basically looking to find you know
what are the sort of the largest growth
stories in the world out to 2050 they
went through obviously a lot of
countries and they came down with four I
also think it was you know part of it is
an investment idea it was also i think
really in marketing in that they were
able to create a catchy term which
essentially everyone took on board
everyone uses it sure they even have I
mean they've benchmark to follow there
are funds that base themselves on that
concept so yeah I mean I think there's a
lot of validity and the concept of the
bricks except perhaps for Russia which I
think it's kind of an outlier but at the
same time you have to admit it as
excellent marketing so let's just talk
about a couple of the the mavens nations
tell me why Australia isn't it well I
think again the key concept that I think
we're looking at is that you want
countries that are leveraged to global
growth Australia is one of the most
blessed countries in terms of
commodities and in that sense it's it's
literally building China
you know most directly through iron ore
exports which go into steel which build
you know all the cities of China needs
to build all the infrastructure so it's
highly levered to that growth at the
same time while population-wise austria
looks small now really when you think
about it I mean Australia could be the
next us at some point right a large
country has a lot of land has resources
really what holds it back as simply
water shortages so I mean I'm not saying
that's going to be solved immediately
but it's also that long term story there
that theoretically you could have a much
larger population so theoretically if
they solve the water desalination
problem you could get waves of
immigrants from the rest of Asia start
to populate the interior shorter and
become an RA to an extent Australia does
that now they actually were pretty
progressive immigration policy where
they invite people from a lot of
countries and most of them come from
South Asia and East Asia to actually
come and live there because obviously
there's no short of line there right
let's talk about a couple of the other
ones that may surprise people why is
Nigeria on the list I think Nigeria is
well first of all it's the largest of
the most populous nation in Africa it
also recently became a democracy in 1999
and while obviously it's probably the
longest term story of the mavens there's
there's been a lot of good science
coming out of the country in terms of
having a government that's actually
interested in the economic growth of a
country rather than just sort of having
a kleptocracy and sort of fitting with
the other countries in the collection
it's extremely rich in commodities
primarily oil so on that metric while
the rest of Nigeria's economy has a long
way to develop they can actually ride
oil for quite some time use that cash
flow to diversify the domestic economy
and in the long run there's a huge
population this is a huge domestic what
is the population of guys 220 million
people
what will that be in 2050 I'm sorry
sorry it's 155 million now it's going to
220 and then into site believed to 60
around there all right so let's talk
about one South Korea will was left up
the list and that was one of the ones
that Goldman Sachs X actually considered
in the beginning right yeah actually
people people may not know this but the
bricks was actually potentially going to
have to more countries they were going
to be Mexico and South Korea we've
included Mexico obviously I think South
Korea the promise South Korea is that
they've already come a long way they're
already essentially fully developed a
much of the story's over they'll do very
well in the future but in the next 25
years they actually of a declining
population in the same way that Japan
does so you don't have the explosive
growth stories of these other companies
and what's what are some of the other so
what would you say is like the big
takeaway what to look for in terms of
you know if you're an investor what's
the key idea here though well I think
there's a lot of ways to play countries
it's not necessarily the stock market in
one country so there's also for example
there's a lot of multinationals that
have operations in different countries I
think for some of these markets say
obviously in Nigeria idiot there's
probably limited opportunities for sort
of the average retail investor it's
probably more private equity story right
now but if you look into some other
markets like Indonesia Vietnam you know
there could start to be more sort of
equity stories there as well so I think
it depends on it depends on the market
alright well thanks for talking with us
and pay attention the next ten years and
the next 40 years is all going to be
about yes the bricks but also the Mavis
