chef what were some of the best
performing sectors and stocks in your
portfolio in 2009 we did really really
well a smart grid and are not converge
those were two real big winners for us I
think 2009 was a good year for smart
grid overall because it finally got a
lot of an investor attention that it
wasn't getting in 2008 and again I mean
look at policy support the government
has been very very supportive of energy
efficiency and conservation that their
measures because it has ever say it's
the low-hanging fruit you know and it
really is and again it also looking at a
lot of technology that they're not
really invented reinventing the wheel
you know it's not rocket science they
just it's a matter of integrating this
stuff and companies like converge and in
or not get a lot of big contracts last
year and a lot of the utilities are
signing on so I think 20 tends to be a
really good year for smarter as well so
you mentioned a few sucks what were some
of your favorite stocks last year in
their performance is my favorite stocks
last year a lot of the Chinese solar
stocks just it just killed it and again
I mean it's I suspect we're going to see
the same thing in 2010 maybe not to the
same agree but yeah the still
outperforming the market but maybe not
to the extent that they did in 2009
right i think well I think what happened
in 2009 was with all the policies port
in china a lot of the big money kind of
finally signed on a China because a
couple years ago China you know and for
obvious reasons there people are very
skeptical China you know say oh what
we're going to do this we're into that
well okay you've said a lot of things
before so I think there were a lot of
investors are very skeptical I certainly
was and you know a few years ago we
wouldn't touch the Chinese solar stocks
but it just kind of got to that point it
just it was make or break and you knew
like the policy was always there
supporting it and these companies were
they were they were selling more solar
panels and more solar cells than the
European companies in the US companies
and at the end of the day it's like if I
look at the sales I know
happening if I look at how much you know
the future contracts it's you know you
just you have to make a meet-up Iranians
yeah so that's what we did one thing we
really focused on in China were the
companies that do have really close
connections with the government I know
if you if you're tied in with the
government you're set so companies like
yingli was really good solar fun was
another one suntech power j solar which
actually make solar cells they make them
cheaper than anybody and faster than
anybody and that's that's when this
companies i think is a was a sleeper for
a while really came to life towards the
end of 2009 but i don't see any
competition for that company in 2010 so
2010 in the next decade what are some of
the sectors that you're more bullish on
which may be some of the companies that
would benefit i wish they were pretty we
really changed much the only i would say
that you know the chinese solar
companies are still real strong on the
also companies manufacturing so our
manufacturers that are coming to us to
set up shop in the u.s. because they're
going to get stimulus dollars and that's
going to push the stock up even if it's
only for a short amount of time so will
you know will probably trade some those
stocks to we know like who's you know
what companies going where when they
make their decisions because we know
that once the contracts are signed they
start making start building those
facilities the money's going to start
showing up as far as wind down we're
still real bullish on when the turbine
manufacturers are really the main way to
go I'm actually pretty big on developers
at this point the companies are actually
developing the wind farms you don't have
a lot of pure play that pure players
there you have a lot of funds that might
have 33 holdings of smaller companies
there's one Western wind power
corporation is a company I really
bullish on there a pure wind developer
they're set up in California and you
should probably know as I'm started the
year California is twenty percent folio
standard nundi to laser have made it so
far so they need every they need every
watt they can get so essentially any any
renewable power in California I mean
it's got a home and it's got a contract
so I like western win because they have
a small facility now but they have 120
megawatt fund that they're building this
year they have all the funding they need
the power
the power purchase agreement is done I
mean everything's done it's just a
matter of building at this point and the
other stools there's still some problems
from some of these companies getting
funding so anytime I see a company that
they have funding in place I'm very
attentive so you talked about some of
the direct ways that investors can go is
are there in direct plays like say a
Goldman Sachs or Honda or continental
some of the companies that seemingly are
greener than others well there's a
couple ways to look at I mean there's
some people that want to invest in
companies that kind of have a green or
yeah it's just kind of like well okay
they may have some holdings in Monsanto
which obviously is not a green company
but they're very bullish on a lot of
solar or wind companies I think that's a
slippery slope because that really
that's really a philosophical investing
technique and I mean I'll be honest with
you everyone has their own idea of what
green is but you know you invest make
money so you know I've never really
understood the idea of investing in
something if at the end of the day there
wasn't going to be some kind of payoff
so but then there are other indirect
plays that one I can think of off tomm
ahead is American superconductor is a
company that provides certain mechanisms
for wind turbines that are built by a
company called saina bell which is a
chinese turbine manufacturer well I mean
that company's been getting millions and
millions of dollars of contracts in 2009
from sign of El so I was going to be the
biggest wind turbine manufacturer in the
world in a couple of years I mean the
biggest in China and you know everything
in China the way it's been going on I
mean they're going to just again it
always look that's the same thing they
do it cheaper faster and and I suspect
that American super character probably
keep getting a lot of contracts or sign
of El that course is like you can play
certain utilities that maybe are heavy
on on renewables there's some companies
like ITC holdings which is a company
that builds transmission they're trying
to build a transmission line in the
Middle West it's going to live a lot of
wind power it's clocking is called a
green power line it's a pretty big
undertaking but if it goes through it's
going to be very very profitable so
Buffett's ten percent stake in byd was
that really an electric car player what
was he doing there yeah I think he was
trying to get on the yeah
I mean electric cars I gonna launch of
sedan I think in the u.s. in the next
couple your 2011 i think is when it
arrives here you know it for the battery
power was it actually for the technology
that's a tough call i don't know the
technology isn't any different than
anything else i mean again did they
haven't reinvented the wheel electric
cars are released may i have a friend
that may one in his garage you know it's
um they are the first company that has
mass produced and let your car so I I
think and I don't know for sure I could
just guess my gut tells me that he
looked at China and said okay china is
going to be a very big car manufacturing
hub and electric cars really are plug-in
hybrids and electric cars really are the
future of the personal transportation we
may not see that now but yeah the other
devs watching TV is watching the you
know what happened the past decade where
were in 2000-2010 I was thinking about
my in my cell phone 2000 it's a brief
Kate look at that bad but it was pretty
big and it made phone calls that's all I
did you know and and now i have a droid
and it's awesome and i can do all kinds
of great things and on the on the on the
train up out you know i was watching
youtube you know it's yeah in 2 thousand
i never would've thought i would has had
something like that and been able to get
it so cheap so it's making on a bet on
the future absolutely and I think this
is coming up in the next 10 years yeah I
don't think it's going to be it's
already kind of here but it's kind of
matter now you're not going to see you
know it's not going to take over you
know the internal combustion engine in
the next 10 years but I think that we're
we're regular hybrids are today is where
plug-in hybrids will be in electric
vehicles will be in 10 years great
thanks Jeff
