Jeff thanks for being with us what are
some of the bigger more popular sub
sectors of the green initiative right
now well i would say for us you know
kind of runs the gamut you know you have
your energy stocks you have organic and
natural food stocks environmental
remediation companies but primarily we
focus on renewable energy and
alternative energy technologies
primarily because that's where the money
is right now and I suspect it's going to
be like that for a long time so what
were the green advances in 2009 well and
the reasons behind them well it's
there's a lot you know I would say by
and large policy that a lot to do with
it not just in the US but in China as
well you know China had a great year for
solar and wind and a lot of that stems
from not just the fact that they can
produce this stuff a lot cheaper not
quicker than than anyone else but the
Chinese government has a very aggressive
energy policy in place and a lot of that
is going to be based on new alternative
energy integration so it's China at the
forefront in terms of developing green
technology are they one of the countries
that are ahead of the game they're ahead
of the game as far as utilizing it we
developed most of this technology a lot
of the technology that we see today has
been developed in the US and in Japan
and Europe as well but again I mean
China has basically taken what we've
developed and has been able to again
produce it much quicker and a lot
cheaper than we can and that's
definitely given competitive advantage
because really in a world of renewable
energy you know Costas is key at this
point in the game so are they more a
huge opportunity or they a threat a huge
opportunity agent absolutely huge
opportunity you can even see now you
know with china's energy policies going
forth they're going to become not only
one of the large manufacturers but
they're gonna be one of the large new
markets and you know it kind of works
both ways because the Chinese government
is supporting these new solar companies
and these wind turbine manufacturers in
these battery companies because they
need the solar pan
in the cells and the wind turbines the
batteries but they're also taking them
outside they're also exporting this
stuff to the point even that here in the
US you know we have you know the funding
that's in place that government is going
to is going to fund a lot of these new
manufacturing facilities so now you have
China actually coming here and studying
facilities the United States which is
really unheard of usually everything is
made in china and then we take it but
now the the market is just so hot here
and and the Chinese know that if they
want to get a piece of that you know
that stimulus money they're going to
have to set up shop here and employ
domestic us workers and that's what
we're seeing now right and what about
Europe what did you seen over there
you're you know Germany especially
really you can thank Germany for really
pushing solar forward and last decade or
so with their feed-in tariffs and they
were very very supportive that really
helped the the global solar industry
move forward at this point you know
there's a lot of manufacturing in in
Germany it's still very strong but we're
starting to see even the Germans now
importing some Chinese solar cells and
solar panels great thank you my pleasure
