welcome back we're going to be talking
about some of the people who made a big
difference in 2009 we've seen a lot of
turnover on Wall Street this year a lot
of new faces old faces going down I'm
here with my colleague John Carney would
you say are some of the big names let's
start with some of the big falls from
grace fees right well I think Ken Lewis
has to be at the top of the list of the
fall from grace he was smiling so wide a
year ago he had finally accomplished one
of his primary goals which was to
capture acquire a major Wall Street firm
he won banker of the year last year he
was banker of the year he was widely
considered it was the victory of the
guys from Charlotte over Wall Street
right bank of america had acquired
merrill lynch this was you know a major
thing and but both what we learned about
that acquisition afterwards and the
constant pressure he had put on him from
journalists but also from politicians
basically how did him out of office and
you know he went up to the mountains
grew a beard came back at a couple days
later he surprised his own board by
saying you know that's it I'm out all
right this sort of dovetailing in his
store is also the end of john thain john
Payne was going to run the combined
business of the brokerage business and
investment banking business of merrill
lynch and bank of america I mean he had
gone in a way from being a chief
executive to be under that but he was
going to run a bigger operation he
seemed happy to do it and he you know
less than a month later how did out of
office gone in part because Merrill's
bosses were so much greater than anybody
knew bank of america thought it was
acquiring a relatively healthy you know
bank in the middle of a run on banks
what it learned was it was actually
acquired an insolvent institution
that had you know epic size losses and
was paying its employees billions in
bonuses so the big winner of the year i
guess the consensus that this was jamie
diamonds here jamie dimon uh is it
deserved I mean he really do anything
that I didn't say special you know he
did he didn't do it this year though
right what made him the banker that
there was actually something he did a
few years ago which was he started to
get worried about some of the kind of
CDOs and mortgage backed securities that
a lot of his colleagues were had been
buying in big time this is ironic
because JP Morgan had played a leading
role in putting together and marketing a
lot of these products for a long time he
pulled them back and that's one of the
reasons they did not suffer the kinds of
losses we saw at Citigroup at bank of
america and and their large rivals wells
fargo and they they were much less
exposed to the US mortgage market than
anybody else so i think he does deserve
beggar of these so real quickly give me
a couple of names to watch out for it
2010 i would say Bob McCann take you
over UBS that's going to be a big deal
it's setting up for the brokerage war of
2010 between the UBS painewebber guys
the Merrill Lynch guys and then of
course we have the wealth management
team of Morgan Stanley which had just
brought on greg fleming and there that's
going to be another you know giant fight
so Greg Fleming's another name ID on
that list their old rivals with each
other from Merrill Lynch so it's very
interesting that we have this marrow
guys all over James Gorman taking over
Morgan Stanley from John Mack John Mack
will still be a big name next year I
think what people are going to be
surprised he's still going to be
chairman and he's still going to be
around we're still going to be here to
be on time it's not going to be vanish
yeah I also bet we're going to get a
book out of Kevin Lewis because that's a
book everybody will want to read right
we've heard so much about it I think
Ken's gonna come up and say you should
be good yeah they you know here's what
happened so that that that'll be a big
deal well I I think we'll also hear a
lot about John Paulson he was the hedge
fund manager who
so much money shorty short subprime he's
made a lot of money again this year so
the question is no matter what happens
to next year it'll be a big story right
if he does well it's how can this guy
never lose you know John Paulson wins
again is the new Warren Buffett but if
he doesn't win it'll be the great fall
from grace story you know everybody will
be there thinking you know it was just
inclusion to one year flew right get one
or two years or Gary's right that'll be
interesting yeah so that those are the
stories I'm looking forward great well
thanks for chatting with me and thanks
for viewing it's been a great year and
we're looking forward to watching these
people next year and we'll be back
