it seemed to match made in heaven or at
the end of last week we got news from
TechCrunch that Google was about to buy
Yelp for 550 million dollars but by the
end of the weekend Nicholas things had
soured in the relationship the talks had
collapsed by early Monday morning the
yelp camp was saying well it was a Yelp
decision we've got bigger and better
suitors we've got IPOs what really
happened here well that depends are your
eyes both parties are spinning away
sources close to Google say hey right
when this TechCrunch story came out
that's when Yelp came back and said oh
we have a third party we have something
else going on that that's the reason you
know we really need a little bit more
money and then so and so these sources
say Google these Google sources are
saying this leak is you we're outta here
we're done with this talk who refused to
negotiate through the rest these were
supposed to be confidential negotiations
now what is the implication that there's
another deal here that the two parties
actually had a deal that Yelp went back
on is that the implication or they were
they just very close it sounds like they
were at least very close down to five
hundred and fifty million dollars plus
earn outs no one disputes that figure
that's that's the deal that was had and
then you know this mysterious thing that
happened to Yelp that happened to
coincide the TechCrunch story you know
we don't we don't know it could be you
know people are saying oh could be
Microsoft it could be that they had a
long dark night of the soul and Jeremy
Stoppelman CEO of yelp said you know we
really should IPO or investors pushed
him you know that's that's that's sort
of the yelp argument here and that's
certainly possible maybe they just said
you know what let's just we'll roll the
dice and one of two things will happen
either we will spook Google into raising
the number in which case we'll make a
couple hundred million dollars that way
or if the talks collapse because Google
is angry we'll go public will make that
much more so it may yet work out for
Yelp on the other hand it may be that
they have spectacularly blown the deal
here and Mike
question is whether they overplayed
their hand whether in fact it was
sitting right there 550 million dollars
nothing to sneeze at maybe not an
absolute top dollar we're pretty good
got greedy went to TechCrunch see if
they could jack it up and then suddenly
Google reacts very harshly which by the
way an important precedent for Google
because Google is making behind a lot of
companies over the next 10 years they
can get the president out there that if
you try to screw with us in the press
we're walking away people will pay
attention to that so there is an
important precedent here so that seems
like a possibility to object lesson just
don't do this startups that's right to
the next startup buying one a week you
know they need to set this I think
that's a nigga can't it be emphasized
enough they don't want every little
startup going to TechCrunch and getting
jacking it up a little bit let's write
which is a common tactic the acquirer
going going gone come on anybody else
interested and so we will definitely be
interested stress it's not over right
this may be the little fight before the
wedding right now do you really want to
get married are you going to storm out
at the all topic is the ring yes they
could all be friends by next week but
certainly entertaining for a slow
holiday period it's pretty fun
