Google wants to pay 500 million dollars
for local review site Yelp according to
reports we're going to discuss six
reasons why according to industry
sources and people close to the
companies so first off the first reason
is local search is adjacent to Google's
Maine's main business it has you know
thousands and thousands of advertisers
who want to get in on this the second
one the second one is that local
businesses want to advertise on the
internet but they don't have anywhere to
drive web traffic to Yelp creates Yelp
pages which is a great place for local
businesses to send traffic when Facebook
advertising finally started to really
take off is because Facebook pages which
send messages to all of their followers
anytime things something new happens can
keep them updated with the company
finally became a really worthwhile place
to send people on the internet so that
business is taking off Google sees that
says hey we need a place for local
businesses can put put their businesses
on the web and it's meaningful for them
to drive traffic to the reason that Yelp
pages are so good by the way is because
Yelp allows merchants to select one
review and stick it at the top of the
page so it has the appearance of
objectivity but it is also sort of
friendly to the business the third
reason is that most of Google Google's
local search business right now is all
about maps and they really need a new
way to diversify content so right now
everything on Google use when you search
it for local it goes straight to the map
you see it there Yelp is very text-based
it gives you new kinds of ad units whole
new realm to explore fourth reason is
that yelp has a great brand with local
searchers and merchants so one analogy
for this is you look at you look at
google video google tried video through
google video for years finally they
decide it wasn't working and just went
out and bought youtube which had a great
brand and rd a lot of traction with
users google has been trying out for a
long time they've had
local pages really simple local ads
hasn't really worked like they want so
maybe they're just going to go out and
buy a brand that's already working and
then work on the technology the fourth
reason is that yelp has a lot of
traction on mobile which is all about
local if you look at very popular mobile
apps urbanspoon Foursquare it's because
you're taking your phone with you you
are actually local when you're using it
so yelp has great local apps and on the
iPhone and on the Android and so that
helps out google greatly the six reason
is that Yelp is a great cultural fit for
google Jeremy Stoppelman and the whole
crew or friends with lots of people at
Google and they live in working mountain
to mountain view so anyway this is TBH i
live on Nicholas Carlson thanks for
joining us
