Scott you manage the the small and
mid-cap growth regarded strategies for
fifth third asset management what are
your current waiting on the small-cap
side in terms of sector own small cap
again we're very growth-oriented fund
and right now nearly a third of the
portfolio's in technology where we we
see a lot of growth there another twenty
percent healthcare and literally almost
twenty percent consumer discretionary so
three sectors thirds of our portfolio in
three areas yes obviously tech is is a
big part thirty percent what are some of
your favorite names in the IT sector and
why are you in those well a couple one
that's in IT that I like and will
probably get some some results here
Friday as I max you know if you're
familiar with the large screen avatars
coming out on friday the company is
doing very well and they've changed
their business model from several years
ago they used to sell cameras and and
they would make you know make some films
but now they're actually joint venturing
with a lot of the large theater change
you can go to theater chains in several
areas now and see an imax theater and
and that's really altering their
business model so we really like what
they've done there and and with avatar
coming james cameron we we think there's
a catalyst that come in this friday with
their grand with the opening of avatar
great oh my background is being on the
south side and when in a when a stock
out to a certain market cap you had to
drop coverage there was just no interest
re i mean obviously small cap stocks
have done really well i'll perform the
mid cap and large-cap names is their
interests are people buying ETFs the
indices how are they playing the small
cat names well i think there has been
you know you know certainly interest
interest really went down the tubes
about a year ago because small cap
stocks are by definition the riskier
asset class so there was a little you
know flight to quality but as that's
come back small cap stocks are risky
people are playing them broadly using
fund managers like myself or others i
mean that's certainly one way to do it
the other way is to buy an ETF that
invests in funds or even sub sectors of
the SmallCap market so there are a
couple ways that investors are taking
advantage of the SmallCap universe so
how are you positioning this portfolio
going into 2010 have you changed your
ideas from this year to what what's
going to happen next year yeah I mean I
think right now we are in a mode I
especially with the hedge funds do play
a lot in the small cap universe and I
think the the the leadership of the
market certainly has been technology
this year but I wouldn't doubt there may
be kind of a control alt delete
environment when we start the new year
where leadership everyone complete reset
everyone's going to look forward you
know the you know the back from the
ashes is done and what and you know what
are we going to see in the next year so
we're being fairly diversified kind of
barbell like I said we have some health
care have some technology have some
companies that are high flyers and we
have some companies that have some
steady Eddie very visible earning
streams or maybe benefiting from the
stimulus so it were kind of doing a
little barbell approach right now right
feeling out the waters yep you had
mentioned that hedge funds like to play
the small cap names obviously with the
Galleon incident earlier this year is
there easier access to management on
these smaller cap names it seems like
they would have to do more road shows or
more marketing just to get their story
out there are they more accessible I
think they're more accessible and also
you know if i get if someone calls to
try to get ahold of the CEO of GE yeah
odds are getting through on to write but
I mean there's many companies in our
portfolio I'll call the number and the
CEO answers or maybe his assistant
answer but you do get you have much
better access to the management teams
and that's important because the
management teams are so much more
important to the success of a small
company unlike GE I mean ml ml can alter
a little bit the trajectory but in small
cap you're going to have a bad
management team can make a company go
away so it is very important and
unfortunately we get quite a bit of
access to the management team it's
important part of our strategy great
thanks
