Scott thank you for being with us this
morning your mid-cap growth portfolio
what are your current weightings sectors
well cool wings to me we are a growth
portfolio so we're focused on the growth
areas of the economy particularly
technologies probably a quarter of the
fun healthcare another ten twelve
percent we do have a little over waiting
and energy right now but those are the
big big areas of focus right now it's no
surprise that I t is is one of the
bigger parts of the fun what are your
favorite stocks in that and why well
we're diversified within that group
because we think there are so attractive
areas a couple of our bigger holdings
one into it I think everyone's familiar
with TurboTax but you know Microsoft is
getting out of microsoft money which
should be a real good upside for
QuickBooks for into it so that's one
example another company we like is
american tower again there's a the
cellular area a lot of 3g requirements a
lot more data required which means
there's a lot more equipment going up on
towers and american tower is kind of
like a hotel company or a real estate
company you know the more things that
get on the tower the better for them is
every piece of equipment you put up or
every new operator is more revenue for
them so that's another example there are
there any ideas in the fun that are
contrarian to popular views on the
street in tech I would say that you know
when are not not significant areas in
within technology within the portfolio i
think we probably have a little contrary
and view within the energy area i mean
we are fairly bullish on energy it's
been a good area lately i think the
other area that we're private contrary
was we are we are starting to get pretty
excited about the consumer area i think
you know you know people are concerned
unemployment still ten percent but going
in the next year there's a lot of
company management teams i'm talking to
who who had taken away 401k bonuses you
name it the last few years well that's
going to come back
so I think there's going to be even
though we won't have a lot of new people
going into the workforce the current
people who work force me to get a lot
more money start next year so are you
talking about consumer discretionary or
staples or was primarily the
discretionary I think as we go into next
year as I mentioned several the company
management teams have you know either
stopped putting money into 401 k's for
people a year ago they stopped accruing
bonus plans there were ten percent
salary cuts well a lot of that's going
to come back in so there will be some
consumers that feel better about
themselves and I think that'll take up
consumer confidence for the host
particular individual they'll be able to
spend some more money so I know I think
you are a bit underweight health care
has reformed talk in Washington impacted
how you think about that sector yeah it
certainly has you know particularly the
managed care area you know you just
don't know what's going to happen how
much the government is going to take
control or manage insurance rates so
that's an area we've been very concerned
and in mid cap it's a bigger part of the
universe we select from so we've been
underweight that group so given the
run-up in the market obviously I believe
that the mid-cap names have performed
the larger cap names um what is the
biggest risk to investors at current
levels I mean is a rebound already
factored in what are we gonna be seeing
going into 2010 here well i think i
think if you rewind back to when the
meltdown occurred a year ago I think the
mid-cap stocks took it on the chin maybe
more than others and they were the worst
performing asset class in the downturn
last year and one of the reasons where I
think these were fairly heavily hedge
fund held as a percentage versus small
or large hedge funds at a pretty big
chunk of the mid cap and so as a lot of
outflows occurred from those funds
postdocs got punished the most and I
think into this year the valuations were
much more attractive so I think you've
got the biggest rebound and it got
mid-cap funds up near forty percent the
benchmarks up near forty percent so huge
rebound in that group going forward the
biggest risk is valuation and where
expectations are I think right now
earnings growth should be good as you go
into early next year and the comp
yep the cops are easier the issue is
going to be everyone's going to be
worried about when is the Fed going to
start to take money out of the system
you know reduce liquidity and that's
going to be bad for P evaluation so you
kind of got ease going up the issue is
how much is the market going to pay for
those ease so Pease could be coming down
next year so you can have that struggle
between earnings growth and contracting
valuations and we think that's the
that's the risk for next year gotcha
thanks guy sure
