our guest today Susan line she is the
CEO of gilt groupe the leading player in
a new e-commerce market casually
referred to as private sales Susan
congratulations on the tremendous
success first of all the road is
extraordinary second thank you for
coming there what is gilt groupe so
guilt is as you said private sales think
of it as almost sample sales online so
every day at noon we open a new set of
sales literally we change out the store
overnight so that we may launch 15 new
sales today between our women's business
our men's business our home business and
they are deeply discounted it's it's a
way for brands to deal with their their
excess goods in a way that's very brand
appropriate very discreet and it works
and it's more than women's fashion
actually was a beginning so describes a
man's business right so I we saw we had
a pretty strong men's membership group
maybe twenty percent of our overall
membership and we decided about two
months ago we would spin it out into its
own store and do more you know not just
apparel but gear gadgets stuff that guys
covered right and it's really on fire
and people are bananas about this I mean
I've heard some stories about the
average customers whatever but you had
some customers who spent almost a
million dollars on the site and so are
obviously totally addicted to it said
where do we have a top one percent that
is just incredibly active they spend an
enormous amount money I mean I've never
seen these kind of numbers before so
there's there's an interesting
membership you know about half of it is
women men between 20 and 30 who are in
their first or second real jobs and
they're very brands
Abby and this is their way to buy into
brands they otherwise would not be able
to access they want the stuff they just
want to pay full price or they can't
right there they're just not at that
place and I think some of the perception
is that this is sort of a closeout
business and we've seen over the history
of Internet companies and so forth you
get a lot of clothes out businesses that
grow tremendously rapidly in the
beginning because they're buying small
lots everybody wants them are you going
to suddenly hit a wall when you get to
500 million or a billion where you can't
find enough stuff well first of all
there's a lot of stuff but we're also
doing an increasing amount of what we
sell is goods that's actually cut
especially for guilt so it's not just
access a lot of these brands are now
looking at us not just as a way to move
excess goods but as a marketing vehicle
we've got a great membership base and
it's a way for them to get their product
and their look in front of an enormous
number of new customers who may buy full
price too and this is the and this is
same thing that a lot of outlet malls
with you in summer but they actually are
having stuff made yes yes yes absolute
stud misconception so how big do you
think it could get I think that we won't
know that for a long time you know this
is we don't see any limits on it right
now will grow four fold this year it's
just a very very big big business and
it's it's not just because it's discount
it's because it's fun you know people
really engage in it there is a come a
competitive aspect to this that is
unlike normal shopping so is the early
ebay experience for ya exactly exactly
except there's also instant
gratification because you get to buy it
now that's right you know what the price
is anything else any concern on the part
of the manufacturers or Amazon or
something like that that this is going
to become that everybody's just going to
shop private sales why would you go walk
into sacks anymore you know no because I
think that that this has been going on
forever on some level there there there
are TJ maxx's out there everywhere you
know
they're there have always been outlet
stores and I think the way we do it is
very brand supportive so it's not just
getting people used to buying off price
it's really engaging you with a brand
and a brand story so we believe we are
actually supporting their full price
businesses we know that in fact because
when we do a sale people go to the
website of that brand so there's a
there's a good kick back impact as well
and future plans for the company you're
going to go public next year yeah
obviously the revenue base to do it well
in all things in good time but right now
we're just really focused on growth and
we've got a lot of runway here and we
want to make sure that that we stay
focused on what we need to do right now
rather than on on the public markets for
a while and is does the growth look like
the early e-commerce growth where
companies were growing incredibly
rapidly but just hemorrhaging hundreds
of millions of dollars this is a very
expensive business are you there are
it's a complex business you know we take
inventory on about seventy percent of
what we sell so there's a there's a
warehousing component there's a very
complex operational component to it as i
said we change out the store every night
so we're bringing in a hundred thousand
units and we're shipping out a hundred
thousand units and there's a very
complex tech aspect to it too because
people come at the same time and they
want to add to cart at the same time and
they want to check out at the same time
so it's an easy category to enter it's a
very hard category to scale and that
said suddenly it seems that this year
everybody in their brothers discovery
this is a great business five
competitors you hear about all the time
i get emails pretty much every week
about a new one in a different sector
and what have you yeah anybody scaring
you on that or they big I mean you're
the leader ya know I we keep our eyes on
them but as I said I worry far less
about companies where this is not their
primary business because it is a very
different business model and anyone who
is in
full price e-commerce or has a store
this is radically different we do change
out the store every night so that makes
it very complex for someone who who is
used to having a set number of skews in
inventory they reorder when it's time to
that's not this business so when we hear
about department stores getting into it
or we hear about you know small little
shops getting into it we're not really
concerned about that and international
Japan yeah they're in France there
already was a huge one more day which
was one of the inspirations yeah company
so would you go elsewhere Europe Jairam
very possibly I were not immediately
going to do that but we're certainly
keeping our our eyes open and looking at
at other potential markets no question
amazon just bought Zappos for a billion
dollars they do you fit into that will
they come in knock on your door no we
don't know there's is obviously interest
every major e-commerce company i think
is keeping their eyes on the space
because it is engaging enormous numbers
of people and and when you see
engagement levels like that you want to
understand it but right now as I said
we're really focused on just making our
business really big great Thank You
Susan thanks for coming in thank you
