with this today kanda Tori vp of finance
and notorian company can we're November
sales as bad as all the reports depicted
you know I wouldn't really depict them
as bad I think what you have to do is
really look at what you're comparing
year over year so in November of 2008 we
had a terrible situation department
stores at least at the high end where we
operate had placed big orders in that
spring and between spring in November
the world basically fell apart so what
did they do they had bloated inventories
and they had a customer that they knew
wasn't going to come their strategy in
november of last year was really you
know let's get all this stuff out the
door which meant marking stuff down as
county discounts as much as they can
they said this stuff is not going to
sell for full price let's get it out the
door the situation in November of 2009
is obviously much different we had very
cautious orders in the spring of 2009
and if anything right now inventory
levels are or may be too low and what
we're seeing from our department stores
is they want more stuff so you know
they're obviously not trying to push
stuff out the door because they don't
have enough meaning that they're being
much more much more cautious in terms of
their markdowns and really being much
more disciplined as well so to compare
two thousand eight to two thousand nine
in say 2009 was a disaster really i
don't think is a fair assessment i think
if you want to look at this from a
bigger perspective let's look at gross
margins at the end of the year and the
other day saw the end of the world
coming exactly or not exactly i mean
it's a problem with such a long lead
times it's hard to forecast and they've
made some errors both in 08 and 09 i
think if you really want to assess how
businesses let's look at gross margins
from the department source at the end of
the year and let's look to see what
their orders are in spring of 2010 for
next fall and i think you'll see you
know a much more optimistic picture
great so how are things trending in to
December now you know we think they're
okay once again I think at the end of
november we didn't see the mark down so
the sales numbers weren't as good i
think we saw mostly customer at the end
of you know for Black Monday and for us
I started Black Friday and for cyber
monday that was sort of trained to look
at discounts and they didn't maybe react
as well to the full-priced merchandise
as people at hope but I still think
there is Optimus
you know despite double-digit
unemployment we do see people with jobs
continuing to spend so I think you know
while the numbers aren't great so far
they definitely could be a lot worse and
we're feeling pretty good that the next
couple weeks are going to shape up
pretty well so you having to offer
deeper discounts now to meet those
expectations so we you know our business
model we really say so you're in the
high end of the market we're in the high
end of the market we sell to the
department stores and we don't control
how they mark stuff down our only direct
to consumer outlet for us is Natori calm
which we which we operate ourselves and
because of our model where we're really
dependent on the retailers we don't
discount aggressively right we don't
want that we don't want to upset them so
you know we it's not our decision to
mark stuff down but what we have seen
from the department stores who do mark
stuff down is that they're being much
more disciplined about it and certainly
much more disciplined than they were
compared to last year so what is your
outlook into 2010 you know we're feeling
pretty good you know I help run the
finance part of our business in terms of
modeling our business and trying to be
responsible we're sort of modeling 2010
expecting flattish sales I think if you
asked us all internally how things will
actually pan out I think we'd be a
little more optimistic but you know just
to be responsible we're medium-sized
family-run business we're modeling our
expenses and everything based on flat
place based on flat sales for 2010 but
hopefully you know we'll see we're
feeling definitely much better than we
did compared to earlier this year yeah
great thanks good
