welcome back to the u.s. we answer
without wasting any more time let's get
right into your questions the first one
comes from M Classen who asks there's a
question about the site itself he says
what is the difference in purpose of the
different pages ie
cluster stock money game etc more often
than not than not they have the same
stories in different order um basically
well I think the best way to think about
it is we're trying to segment the
articles into the verticals that people
want to read it so there are some people
who just want to read the investing
stories they're just a ones related to
money the economy those are on money
game on Cluster stock we have a lot more
of the financial industry stuff party
pictures from banker parties and
regulatory stuff and weird things they
do in Washington with banker things
basically stuff that investors aren't
really interested in however a lot of
the people interested in the Wall Street
stuff are also interested in the
investment stuff so there's still a lot
of cross posting over time however we
would expect them to start to look very
differently as the audience is sort of
segment themselves based on based on
their interest but right now even though
there is a lot of cross posting I think
it's still very useful in the sense that
you can really carve out carve out just
what interests you I hope that helps the
next question comes from Cu writer who
asked do you actually ever sleep you're
posting timestamps and Henry's annex
anecdotes make it seem like you don't
I actually got like 9 hours of sleep
last night so yes I think I went to bed
at 9:00 and I woke up at 6 I sometimes I
don't sleep very much but I'm gonna try
and actually he's back on that just a
little bit do you have any financial
training at all what made you want to be
a financial quote journalist I really
liked the quotes there um I you know
it's funny I actually do have a little
bit I mean which is first of all let me
let's just say
a lot of financial journalists don't
have any at all it's just you know a lot
of people come from journalists
backgrounds are they reported about
other stuff so right off the bat even if
I didn't have any whatsoever I think
that'd be okay but I actually do I work
for a portfolio management company for a
while and got a lot of familiarity with
markets and stocks and how to rate a
balance sheet and look through SEC
filings and raid trade publications to
understand industries and stuff like
that so I actually do have a little bit
but you know that's fine if you want to
call me a journalist in quotes are you
surprised that all this tarp money is
being paid back so quickly yeah this
question comes from Gordon yeah I'm
really surprised I think everyone is and
I think anyone who really thought that
by December of 2009 who would all be
paid back well I just don't think there
are very many people who thought that
everything about this recovery has been
surprising no one thought the stock
market would come back as fast as it did
no one thought that tarp yep
that we might make a profit on tarp any
of this so yeah I'm you can go back and
look at our writing from March and it's
pretty obvious we were way too negative
based on how things turned out
the next question comes from sir Lorenz
which who asks which of the g8 countries
do you feel is the greatest sovereign
debt default risk
what about g20 well I guess in the g20 I
mean you know we're looking at Spain and
Ireland and into the g8 Russia are
probably some big ones I don't know I
think of it I don't I'm probably not as
fearful as some are about this but yeah
I mean we actually just ran a feature
based on the top ten sovereign defaults
which you should definitely check out
has some interesting data about credit
spreads and stuff like that Scot well
our friend asks named your three
favorite financial writers three
favorite movies and one favorite quote
oh man this is a pressure to prepared
for this one a little bit better because
I can never remember movie financial
writers no offense I just don't you know
and I don't have a favorite quote I
don't think but I can say my three
favorite movies which are Trading Places
obviously Beverly Hills Cop and coming
to America the great trilogy the great
Eddie Murphy trilogy of the 80s and it's
not to say I dislike any financial right
just like any other financial writers or
ignore them I've just never really
thought of them in terms of favorites
sorry about that
alright I don't know what the name is is
it better to Train oh there's a good
question is important is it better to
train at a low intensity for long
periods at a time or should I be doing
more workouts at a lighter intensity I
actually don't think I think you missed
another option which is a few short
high-intensity workouts which i think is
the key so basically you but my approach
to fitness training is like put yourself
in the mind of the caveman before we had
this society where everything was so
ordered and think about what their data
was like lots of periods of very low
intensity walking around a couple was
extremely intense bursts when the
mastodon was coming and they had to hurl
a gigantic rock at it so that's what you
should think about during your day most
of the day relax and take it easy and
then when you go to the gym just go all
out
skip the cardio just like go straight to
the weights and within reason you don't
want to injure yourself but uh we very
intent to get out of there in 20 minutes
you'll feel great and then the last
question is how many of each should I do
another fitness question seriously how
many of each do I do each week just
stretch it do any good I don't know I
never been much of a stretcher sorry I
didn't mean to have those last two
directly anyway that's it for us we
answered tune in again next time send in
your questions thanks a lot
