i'm joined with Jim lanzone he's the
founder and CEO of clicker which is a
web video site to help you find what's
good online to watch is that a fair
description yeah I mean I think we call
ourselves the first complete programming
guide for for internet television so
it's not just all the video that's out
there I mean you can search on youtube
for a clip you want but when you want to
find true episodic programming the
things that you would normally watch on
your television but that are now
migrating online we're the only way to
really effectively find what's available
to watch and where to watch it so what's
on click or is that music videos is it
full episodes of movies actually all
three of those it is 450,000 full
episodes and that's everything from real
television shows that are on line two
things that we would deem to be
broadcast quality they're native to the
internet you know a cooking video from
the New York Times for example that you
would watch in your television if it was
available so 450,000 episodes of that
across 1,200 categories and then also
50,000 movies and sorry 30,000 movies in
50,000 music videos so one of the kind
of descriptions I that I've seen around
the web is sort of a TV Guide for for
web video TV Guide was something people
would read in the bathroom whereas web
video is something there you know kind
of doing more actively how do you make
sure that people come to your site
before they go to youtube or find a
video on a blog or something like that I
30 to say how can we make sure we're
washed in the bathroom oh that was the
next question well I mean I just think
things are changing when TV Guide just
started it was 1953 there were three
networks and there were 48 modules on
the schedule grid and what we do is if
think if you're creating TV got in 2009
what would that look like the next 50
years are going to be not a scheduled
programming but a world of infinite
video on demand which is great it's a
great opportunity but it's a huge
problem to find anything
order so in the future you'll be
watching things whether it's on your
iphone or blackberry or on your laptop
or on your plasma off of one corpus one
grid of programming and and so that's
what we bring some order to so there's
kind of a movement toward hardware and
software products that are that are
designed to make web video a little more
like TV like there's a roku box and
software from boxy and the Apple TV and
things like that do you have to be
installed on those devices as well in
order to kind of be in every situation
where someone will be watching web video
or are you just trying to stick to the
computer and maybe the cell phone know
both so we were already in talks with a
lot of those people and last night for
example we just demoed our appt at the
boxy beta launch here in New York and
we're talking to people at grow to about
integration of clicker I mean our goal
is is that when you see our logo in our
name you know that's the way to navigate
programming in this next generation
whether that's on your iPhone your cat
your laptop or on your regular
television yes what we the thing is it's
a database of programs and so it can
it's really agile it can go anywhere and
we can reflect the landscape of what's
available on any device in any situation
and you used to work at ask.com how does
video search kind of work into clicker
and it you know is that some place where
you have to have better technology than
Google or is the search kind of in the
back end and not something that the user
is working on um well there's two
different ways to really effectively
find this stuff one is searching and we
do obviously I think a very good job of
that we're search guys but also browsing
so we were broken down into 1,200
categories and subcategories you can go
into comedy and then you can navigate
down to stand up sketch or even things
like African American comedy if you want
to get very very narrow and you can do
that all browsing without actually
having to use your keyboard you could
just use a remote for something like
that so we do it both ways but it's very
technology driven so we identify the
sources that we want in our system and
then everything from their own is all
technology-based it's all automated to
maintain an understanding of what's
available what's changing for example
right now it's very unpredictable and
seinfeld is a great example it's not an
NBC it's actually hosted on
TBS and they have six to ten episodes at
a time they come up and down off the web
and very random fashion and so clicker
stays on top of that all automated
without people having to kind of do that
and we do that across thousands of shows
across thousands of different websites
so the way it's fragmented right now
that's one way for the user to not have
to worry about what you know of these 50
websites I need to go to to find where
signs old is playing your kind of
pulling it all into one place we're
talking thousands of places where
programming is scattered and then you
have the situation where some things are
free and some things are paid and we've
now integrated netflix and amazon VOD
will be adding itunes and others in the
future but you know you might want to
know if it's not available on the web
that is available if it were if you were
to join netflix or something and and so
we you know we view our job is telling
you what's available online and whether
that's free or paid that's online and
you make the decision of where you want
to go or how you want to you know access
it great thanks for joining me Jim that
was Jim lands owned from clicker check
it out
