when it comes to patent research you can
either pay a lot of lawyers a lot of
money or you could research things on
the internet using crowdsourcing today
we're pleased to welcome Cheryl Malone
she's the founder and CEO of article one
partners and her startup does just that
so before we get into the details tell
me a little about article one partners
what you guys do how it works what we do
is work with the global community
reaching 3 million scientists and
technologists and they research the
validity of patents in English and in
eight other languages via foreign
language portals an article one so how
many of these people are there and who
are they are they lawyers are the ex
lawyers are they housewives who are they
for our community we call them advisors
who have given us information about
their backgrounds 57% have advanced
degrees scientist industry academics
students perhaps some housewives that
all have an interest in technology
research and they're incentivized
through card sourcing to provide us with
evidence about the validity of patents
excellent so you launched about six
months ago at our startup conference how
have you grown in the last six months
what's happened to article one partners
so startup 09 was a catalyst for article
one we had launched about six months
prior and we had tremendous validation
from the VC community through startup in
the last six months we've just completed
a funding round through a private
investor we've doubled our staff
including hiring a president with over
25 years of experience in the patent
space and a former acting president of
North American sapient we have six plus
fortune 100 clients and 12 clients and
we are at a place where we're extremely
excited about our growth and success
great and how do you think the internet
will kind of shape patent law going
forward do you think it's going to be
easier to debunk prior patents or do you
think that
you know things are going to get
trickier what's going to happen so
directionally the use of the internet as
a resource for gathering information is
the way to go and that's being validated
on our platform industry is talking
about article one and this method of
doing validity research they're also
talking about academic approaches that
are very similar and the ability to
uncover this information efficiently and
cost-effectively so it's extremely
exciting and are the individuals who are
doing the research for you are they as
accurate or is trustworthy I would say
is you know hiring this expensive law
firm how do you kind of make sure that
their reputation is solid so we've been
fortunate to get feedback from our
clients and we have about a thirty three
percent weight of invalidity on our
research projects and we're not
comparing ourselves to law firms I did
competitive way we enhance the work that
law firms can do and assist them in
producing high-quality work so maybe not
replacing them as much as complimenting
them exactly great and are there any
specific cases in the year or so you've
been around or specific industries or
verticals where your research has been
getting a lot of attention or has been
particularly successful so there's a
number of industries which are highly
patent sensitive telecommunications for
example semiconductors pharmaceuticals
and in each of those industries or
community has found evidence that can
show patents to be invalid in one recent
litigation involving mobile devices our
community has uncovered use of devices
in the u.s. that is novel and that the
parties have found to be very important
in the pharmaceutical space for Mercs us
singulair article one uncovered evidence
and asked the patent office take a
second look at that patent and the
Patent Office has asked mark to reduce
their term of their patent by over a
year potentially saving the public over
a billion dollars that's good have you
been looking at any of the multi-touch
stuff around Apple and palm and some of
the smartphone vendors or of you guys
not really focused
that at all so our community has looked
at those technologies and have has
produced results which have been helpful
to industry any specifics I can't go
into specifics great and you know one of
the reasons we're here is to kind of
talk about how the startup contest
helped or did not help your business is
it you think it's a good thing first
startups to enter kind of a start-up
contest launch show type thing or was it
not helpful for you our experience has
been that startup 09 was a catalyst for
us increasing our growth and success
rate there was an objective validation
by the judges and there's been a great
recognition of the value particularly of
the Business Insider sponsoring the
competition and I feel that it's been a
tremendous asset to article1 great thank
you Cheryl Malone with article one
partners thanks for joining us
