welcome back this is you ask we answer
where once a week we take your questions
from Twitter from our site from comments
from your emails and answer them to the
best of our ability on camera today
we'll start off the show with a bunch
from Gordon a regular reader Gordon's
first question is what happens to Apple
when Steve Jobs leaves that's a good
question we've kind of you know covered
this several times especially much
earlier this year when he was on medical
leave and we kind of saw what happened
to Apple when Steve Jobs leave and the
answer is not much at least in the short
term Tim Cook whose apples chief
operating officer ran the company very
well while Steve was out you know
obviously we don't know what what
influenced Steve had on some of the
products that Apple announced this year
while he was out like the 27-inch iMac
and the new iPhone but we get a feeling
that Apple you know could could do
pretty well in the short term without
Steve longer-term that's a different
story because steve you know is the kind
of the brain behind a lot of the stuff
apple does no doubt the iphone would
have been much different without Steve's
input no doubt the apple tablet if it
exists if it's really going to come next
year would be a different product
without Steve's input than with it so
long term without a without Steve Jobs
Apple will probably not be the same
company it is today but short term you
know they have enough talented engineers
and executives to make things work next
question from Gordon well some new
company arise and marginalized and out
google google a great question again you
know this is something a lot of
companies try to niche away at little
pockets of the search market and then
there's also companies like Microsoft it
that try to make these big new things
like being that they think will take a
lot of share in a short period of time
it's going to be very hard to out Google
Google because Google has a huge scale
advantage they see a lot more of the
search market than anyone else so they
can make tweaks more effectively than
other players and also just remember the
search market in general is much larger
now than it was SE 5-10 years ago if
you're going to get 15
I have ten percent of the search market
that's a lot more individual people to
convert than it was five or ten years
ago so for the short and medium term it
seems that google is in really good
position the question is what happens
with Bing and Yahoo once they converge
in and start sharing technology but it's
hard to see anyone taking meaningful
share from google at least what we've
seen so far remember cool they didn't
take anything from google well AOL ever
be relevant again or a powerhouse this
also from Gordon we'll see that's that's
one of the questions we're going to be
looking for the answers to over the next
year or so a well of course trying to
radically reconstruct himself into a
sort of Time Inc for the 21st century
under tim armstrong who used to be a
sales director at google you know we saw
this week their their newest plans are
kind of an automated robotic newsroom
where thousands of freelancers around
the country get assignments for news
stories we'll see if that works you know
we'll see if that the quality is there
if the stories are interesting enough if
the AOL can handle all the editing and
finally if they can make that business
profitable remember a lot of aol's
profits still come from their dial-up
business which is shrinking so you know
Tim Armstrong for either make AOL into a
massive online publishing beast or it
could be a total flop we'll see last
question from Gordon is windows 7 going
to bring Microsoft Intel and Dell back
to their past glory or is it over will
be hard for them to return to past glory
because each of them has has changed
kind of a lot of the composition of
their business especially some of the
hardware guys well at least dell which
is moving a little away from the from
the desktop computers windows 7 the big
question here is whether companies are
going to upgrade because they did not
upgrade to windows vista from XP at
least not nearly as much as microsoft
was hoping so it's not if you know
obviously consumers are going to go out
and buy new computers and they're going
to ship with windows 7 pre-installed but
our big company is going to order
thousands and tens of thousands of
windows seven licenses probably I mean
what else what else they can do they
have to replace their computers at some
point and at some point XP is not going
to work
probably not the glory days as the past
but I don't see any trouble for them
John is it too late for palm the pre and
webos and the pixie have disappointed me
at least so far you know a lot of the
complaints from the geek so that the
hardware quality is not there the
biggest problem for palm right now is
distribution and developers palm right
now is only on sprint it's the
third-largest US carrier it's shrinking
that's not the best place to be the only
place to sell your goods if next year
they can sell their products at verizon
and AT&T which are the biggest as well
as in some foreign countries maybe palm
can make it on their own the other
problem developers of course there's
only you know a tiny handful of Palm
webOS apps compared to the iphone yeah
you could say that quality is there vs
iphone but i don't see that either so
what palm needs are it's kind of a
chicken and egg problem they need more
developers and they need more buyers of
their phones and and you know with more
apps for more buyers with more buyers
for more apps palms best hope of course
is to be bought out by someone like Dell
or nokia or research in motion or
microsoft whether that's going to happen
we'll see probably not too late for palm
today but in a year if they don't
radically grow their market share and
become profitable and things like that
it could be too late for paul from media
man i was recently laid off by a major
business magazine after roughly a decade
of service it hasn't quite sunk in yet
what's the first thing i should do and
does it make sense to get out of the
reporting business altogether is it
unrealistic to think i can maintain my
current standard of living all very good
questions what should you do first well
first thing you should do is start a
blog because you know that's where that
media industry is growing and you should
learn skills like how to manage your own
content management system how to edit
pictures in a program like photoshop
these are skills that you know unless
you can get a great job at one of the
business magazines for 10 more years and
then retire you're going to have to
learn these skills if you're going to
make an impact on the web so start a
blog it's a living resume
it'll get people in the industry reading
your stuff maybe people who weren't
reading it before and you know and we'll
see I mean reporting online is a lot
different from reporting and print and
some people will be able to make the
jump and others won't comic book guy
asks in a fair fight who would win Tim
Armstrong or Carol Bartz those are of
course the CEOs of AOL and Yahoo I got
Carol on this one i think i think tim is
probably too nice of a guy to not let
carol win at least in a fight in
business no obviously and Kevin asks how
much traffic does sa I get and how much
revenue are you making / unique visitor
from advertising we are a private
company and we don't have to answer
these questions but you can go to
quantcast com and see some estimated
traffic stats for Business Insider com
you would see that globally we've grown
to about 2.4 million unique visitors in
November that's up from about one and a
half million unique visitors about six
months ago so those are not exact stats
from our internal pages but it's a fair
approximation and that's something
that's publicly available online thanks
for watching we'll put up instructions
again next Monday for how you can get
your question answered we have some
questions from today that we want to do
some more research on and will answer
next week but thanks again
