our guest Alex wrote Alice Schroeder
sorry
thinks the goldman sachs is going to
become a Business School case study and
not in a good way so in what way Alice
well in visit school you learn that
Johnson & Johnson and the tylenol recall
is the example of how to do public
relations the right way and the Exxon
Valdez has always been the example of
the poster child for bad BR I think
Goldman Sachs is about to replace that
because their tone deafness has reached
a level that is absolutely stunning and
we now have had the latest incarnation
of that with their 500 million dollar
donation to small business which is a
transparent marketing ploy I think it's
more like a private equity investment
than a donation and I think it's going
to rebound negatively on them it
certainly has not helped them get good
press has it has the jitters definitely
the change in tone they went from saying
we didn't need any help we're fine we
deserve everything we make - we're sorry
thank you at US government thank you Tim
Geithner so they've done that now
they're doing this five hundred million
dollars are they getting closer to what
they should be doing or is it even more
insulting it's the problem is when you
do so little so late it becomes almost
irrelevant you know after you've sent
partners into churches in London to say
that Jesus advocated self-interest Jesus
the man who drove the money changers
from the temple you've reached a point
of self satire that is so tremendous
that it's really hard to overcome by
just saying I'm sorry
so reboot goldman sachs comes through
last fall survives then takes Wall
Street to the cleaners again which is
what it always does what should they
have done publicly well for one thing
the bonuses were not we're not smart you
know the taxpayers realized that that
money was made using taxpayer capitals
so they should have given it to perhaps
to help foreclosed homeowners so I'm
taking tens of billions of dollars out
of the goldman sachs war chest and
handed over the government more
money 500 million is not any more than
five bonus pool is too big and putting
aside what people feel they deserve with
them math says it just was an
inappropriate display that at a time
when the male factors of great wealth
are at risk of causing social unrest
here we you know there should have been
common sense used anything else you know
I think that Goldman Sachs should have
shown leadership and understanding that
its role was to try to help the
financial services industry assume a
role in showing that having been
grateful for the bailout it was going to
try to reform the industry it has not
assumed that role so now here we are
you're comparing Goldman Sachs to Exxon
and the ball Dez what can they do going
forward to improve their image some of
these steps could still be taken they
could certainly donate more money they
could certainly take a more constructive
role in the reform of Wall Street and
instead of fighting and kicking and
screaming
I believe the bank should go back to
being private partnerships it was a
mistake for them to go public that we
have this put that we can put now where
when they have a loss they can just put
their losses not just on to the
government but they can go raise capital
any time and with Warren Buffett's
imprimatur which of course helps you
know I think the banks if they would go
back to being partnerships would be
forced to use their own money and that
would be the way to solve the problem in
real economic tools I mean it's a
mistake for us because we're the ones
who get hosed it's very great shape
therein critics huge amount of money
everybody don't want to put text but as
long as that situation persists they're
going to continue to have this problem
of image and you know maybe it won't
matter maybe in ten years they'll just
be so rich that they won't care but I
think that there is a concern that at
some point there's retaliation in a
backlash that's very costly so you don't
think it's just gonna blow over for
Goldman you know that could happen I'm
not a big fan of hoping for the best and
not ensuring for the worst I would be
taking some steps to try to do some more
significant steps to try to ensure
against the downside thanks else
