our guest today is Alice Schroeder she
is the author of the snowball and a
former top ranked analyst on Wall Street
at Morgan Stanley and other firms Alice
you spent five years researching this
incredibly large book Warren Buffett
controversial a lot of ways and so forth
let's talk about his investing process
though
what are his secrets to success well you
know he talks about it as though it were
easy but what I found is that he works
incredibly hard and he started when he
was a child and he's like a mental
vacuum cleaner for information so he has
built this file cabinet studying
thousands of companies and when he sees
an idea now he can compare it to this
little file cabinet and make a decision
like that so experience its various one
experience memorization you know he can
take in knowledge and he can put it into
his file and he's got it all right there
it sounds as though though when he tells
his life story that he was always pretty
good coming right out of Columbia I
guess he had 20 years of experience then
it seems like so but so one thing is
experience what else focused intensity
of focus you know for him it was a 20 18
hour day 20 hour day preoccupation it
wasn't great with his family but you
know he would say intensity is the price
of excellence and one of the things that
certainly having been on Wall Street
myself and you've been through that as
well seems like a lot of investors
professionals get totally distracted by
the month month performance the week to
week performance if you've lagged your
benchmark for a month
suddenly you're under pressure from your
boss everything else Warren has the
luxury of not having to do that at all
and do you think that that plays into
his success huge huge you know he had a
compact with his investors very early
that they would stick with him and he
would not adopt those kind of
performance measures and they would
trust him and then he took the long view
and he never changed his way of
measuring himself and that was able to
compound over time made a huge
difference and what is it is there
something psychologically that allows
him to just be completely distanced from
the fray I'm struck again and again by
his ability to come in just at a moment
of total consensus and panic or total
consensus in euphoria and just suddenly
say you know this this too shall pass
and I
actually this is a great opportunity one
way or the other what is is that
psychology is it being in Omaha what's
the deal it's a couple of things one is
distancing himself physically and
emotionally from Wall Street part of it
is some trained ways of thinking which I
tried to incorporate into the book of
inverting situations looking at them
backwards and some of it is just a
natural independence and nonconformity
that comes out through his personality
and he's he wrong a lot too and he's
very self-deprecating in his annual
reports you worried about his flops with
USA or what have you but that sort of
confidence when you see it usually leads
to spectacular success and spectacular
disastrous blow ups and he doesn't seem
to have too many of those
so is he right more often than most
people he's his batting average is
better than most people's but I think
what has really been the winner for him
is that he's really risk-averse and so
he makes sure that he doesn't take a lot
of risk so when he thinks he's got big
odds in his favor he bets huge but when
he's not so sure he really limits the
downside and he would always say don't
lose money is rule number one anyone
every will anybody should misfire well
the math works that way you know once
you if you lose 50% you've got to make a
hundred percent - all right back that's
right we're certainly seeing that with a
lot of hedge funds like saddle up 58%
still down 30% right right
thanks Alice thanks Henry
