our guest today is Patrick keen the CEO
of associated content Patrick rather
than describe the company myself what is
associated content absolutely yeah
thanks for having us associated content
we think is the web's largest open
publishing platform we have north of 300
thousand individual contributors
creating content thousands and thousands
of pieces of content a day and we think
we've built sort of the web's most
democratic best discoverability of
content ecosystem if you will on the web
today so this is basically a huge
website but you're not employing any
journalists there or content creators
you're paying everybody as a freelancer
it's all coming into one system how do
people find the content how's it
organized you have editors yeah
absolutely we have all of the above so
of those three hundred thousand
individuals when I look at sort of our
site in our business the majority of
those people the users actually are
coming through natural search so about
ninety percent of our traffic is natural
search so we create content that's very
discoverable looks very much sort of
like the long tail of user information
everything from how to winterize your
shed to potty training your kids to
virtually any topic of any user interest
and we pay people a combination of sort
of two different ways one an upfront
payment so some users get an upfront
payment for content they create and a
combination that also includes fees for
traffic so for every thousand pageviews
a piece of content generates we pay the
user a dollar fifty so there's a
performance component in an upfront
component and it works really well for
the users and it works really well for
advertisers so as I recall this is a
company was created by Tim Armstrong and
others out of Google basically coming at
the whole search and discovery process
from the opposite side the most
traditional publications which are
trying to do SEO to figure out how to
get their stuff in the search engines
you design this with search in mind and
you're saying ninety percent is coming
from that do readers have any idea where
they are do they know associated content
they care does it matter at all or is
this in fact the way that you would
design a company if you're going to
build it I think that's a very good
question i mean associated content in
many ways is brand agnostic i mean we
would like more and more users to come
through a front door again only ten
percent of that traffic comes through
associated content com but we are
absolutely fine with the user landing on
a page that they might have a little
less familiarity with because I think
we're playing into a lot of a lot of
changes in sort of the user behavior
today everyone navigates the web through
search the nisha fication of user
interest people relying more on blogs
people relying more on different sources
of information that might not look like
your traditional source of information
so we play very nicely in that reality
but I think another thing that's quite
interesting and Tim and Luke Beatty our
founder who were good friends when they
built the company they really realized
that content on the web was mostly old
terrestrial content that was brought to
the web that didn't take into things
like keyword tax on the keyword density
discoverability uniqueness all of those
things so they really wanted to build a
company where content was created for
the web specific to the web as opposed
to repurpose content from traditional
media brought to the web and if you look
at we're going to talk about Tim and AOL
in another segment but if you look at
the whole continuum of content companies
you've got everybody from Wikipedia on
one sides totally user-generated then
there's mahalo which is basically human
search and so forth about.com where
humans are curating it in that continuum
everybody's writing your stuff and so
forth then we have the new york times on
the other side where it's totally
top-down editorial and which of those
wings ultimately do you think well I
think that's a good question I mean I
think there's definitely a place for
professionally curated editorial driven
places for for for great premium content
that's not to say that we don't sit in a
lens where it's a different kind of a
content experience I mean you mentioned
about com you mentioned wikipedia i
think the sort of notion of
crowd-sourced content creation is a very
interesting phenomenon because it's
inexpensive to create it's discoverable
through search and i think it plays into
the realities again of user interests of
today in terms of who's going to win i
think that's a good question i mean i
think there are a lot of companies today
that are looking
for great platforms for content
discovery content monetization and
content creation you know I I personally
think that we are the best one there's
places like demand media there's places
like helium suite101 there are lots of
different companies that are playing in
this space but we've been at this for
years and what I think is also
interesting our success we almost have
our own laboratory of success of the
more content we put on the grid the more
discoverability of that content is lead
to a huge audience so right now we're a
top 50 website and we're pretty happy in
that space would like to continue to
grow so we'll talk about AOL and others
in another segment of at last question
given that ninety percent of the traffic
comes from search aren't you just wildly
exposed to Google waking up one morning
and saying you know we're going to tweak
our search algorithm today which
obviously you're very familiar have the
other day ya know that's something we
think about on but I think the reality
of anyone in the content business needs
to realize search is the oxygen of the
internet and if Google wants to shut off
that oxygen flow we all have to be
careful and respectful of that but as a
former Googler and someone who you know
I didn't walk out the door the algorithm
or anything but I can say we create
content that plays very well with Google
and we want to make sure that we would
never do anything that would create a
bad experience for the user and
therefore Google is going to penalize us
so you know we don't want that oxygen
sure source choked off so we're
definitely very mindful of creating
content that's copyright protected
that's original that's unique and does
not go against the rules of Google's
search engine index great Thank You
Patrick thank you
