welcome back to you ask Lee answer let's
not waste any time let's get right to
your questions the first one comes from
Sir Lorenz who asks how long can fed
keep in a long can the Fed keep
inflating the current bubble they look
breathless to me recently I don't think
there's really any limit to how long I
mean there there will be a limit but I
don't think we have any idea and I don't
believe there's any reason to think it
soon Japan has been trying to undo their
deflation to inflate inflate for years
going on 20 years now debt has been
enormous and yet they still keep selling
their bonds interest rates remain low
and it's confounded everyone for years
hedge funds have gotten killed trying to
bet when Japan would fail at this it
hasn't happened and other than the price
of gold showing some worrisome action I
just wouldn't want to bet when this land
next question comes from Gordon do you
think the Republicans will win or lose
net seats in Congress in the midterm
elections and do you think Obama will
win the reelection absolutely I mean it
seems very unlikely to me that
Republicans won't pick up seats in 2010
they had a pretty good congressional or
sort of off year election earlier this
month they didn't win all the races in
particular the New York 23rd district
was kind of a disappointment for the
Conservative candidate but generally
they're doing well they have a ton of
issues to hammer hammer on and it's just
a just a fact that the incumbent party
tends to do badan off your elections
it's not necessarily that the Democrats
are doing so bad it's just how these you
know it's a pendulum as for obama
winning the re-election i don't know i'm
gonna guess yes if only because i think
the Republican field still looks very
weak and I don't know who's going to
emerge if it's Sarah Palin she's not
going to win Mike Huckabee the media
loved him in the 2008 primary
they'll be brutal to him just like they
turned on John McCain and Mitt Romney I
don't see it but maybe there's someone
else who could come out so who knows
another question also from Gordon has
got slipped in there do you think the
stock market will have an up here or
down year in 2010 and will gold crash in
2010 to answer that I have a quarter
here and I'm going to flip it so if it's
heads then the stock market will be up
and if its tail's then i'm going to say
the stock market will be down so let's
see what happened I wasn't a good flip
butt heads looks like it's going to be a
good year for the market now let's do it
for gold hedge again so double up for
stocks and gold in 2010 the coin said it
is the suspension of mark-to-market
accounting by the banks the same thing
is federally sanctioned accounting fraud
I'm not totally sure I am somewhat
swayed by arguments that in extreme
situations it doesn't make sense to mark
everything to market I know that doesn't
satisfy free market intellectual purists
and it should be noted that we didn't
always have strict mark-to-market
accounting and things went ok so I tend
to think this issue might be a little
overrated but i'm not i can i see both
points of view who in their right mind
gray asks is buying any stock right now
well anyone who wants to make money
since last March is buying stocks right
now and all the people and all the
naysayers of the quote most hated rally
of all time have gotten their clock
cleaned so you can laugh all you wanted
people who are buying stocks but they're
the ones making money not you if you
were given four hundred thousand dollars
but could only buy three things what
would they be it's a really good
question so I'd probably by about 150
thousand dollars worth of guns and no no
I know I don't need guns I I probably
buy farmland just because you know as
they say it's the ultimate hedge against
calamity and I'm not really that worried
I don't think we're going to have like
total societal breakdown but that might
be nice because you know I could go live
there and I've always want to grow my
own fruits and vegetables and rear
animals so even if it weren't for that
farmland and maybe in New York no I
couldn't afford a new york apartment on
that yeah i have three things i would
you buy that one thing and then keep the
esta na a diversified portfolio of
stocks bonds just precious metals and
stuff like that why do put up why do
Americans put up with so much corruption
ask Simon's this is an interesting
question because they're just there
clearly is tons and tons and tons of
corruption in our system the elites
whether they're in the public sector or
the private sector are clearly on the
same side and it is frequently the
little guy the taxpayer who gets screwed
why do we put up with it I think the
answer is that we're scared to actually
fight it so take all this bailout stuff
the AIG stuff that everyone's talking
about we discover that Goldman Sachs got
massive payoffs and everything like that
and people claim to be outraged but in
the end the really scared of what would
happen if the government just sort of
dropped the strings and let everything
go so we prefer the comfort of
corruption I believe to the cold
realities of the system where there's
nobody in charge all right Christopher
asks do you think the BS BCS will ever
be replaced by a playoff well I hope not
because I'm a huge fan of the bcs i
think it makes each week exciting and i
like the idea that if you lose one game
we're pretty much screwed and out of the
national championship game and i think
if they went to a playoff system it'd be
like college basketball where I really
don't care about it at all until we get
to the playoff and so I hope not but I
know Obama is in favor of a playoff in
college football's so suppose it's
possible another good question from a
client 9 student the student them if
they were both in their prime could
garry kasparov have beaten Bobby Fischer
I'm a big chess fan and I think Bobby
Fischer was amazing I think Kasparov
probably would I mean it's kind of hard
to say Kasparov is you know trained in
the age of computers the extent to which
grandmasters these days can study their
game and refine everything down to the
perfect level it i believe is
unparalleled so it's kind of hard to
know where Gary kasparov's level would
be in a different time but yet both in
their prime I do believe Kasparov would
probably win and finally from roller 32
what's on your reading list nowadays
I'm so busy I hardly get a chance to
read books anymore I read an awesome
awesome book though last week called
Tokyo vice which a lot of people are
talking about it's about this guy who
goes to Japan it's a true story and
becomes a crime reporter he's an
American and becomes a crime reporter
for the biggest newspaper in there
totally fascinating it's if you're into
journalism or business or Asia or Japan
or whatever crime whatever it is it's
just a great book and I recommend it
other than that I'm just who has time to
read write and that's it thanks for
joining us on us we answer come back
next time
