our guest today is Roger Aaron bird who
is a former Wall Streeter turned
entrepreneur and investor roger has been
watching this whole wall street meltdown
chiefing at the big we have good ideas
on how we're gonna fix the place so
Roger what do we do with Wall Street
sure no Henry it's obviously a seemingly
intractable problem but I think there
are a couple of basic things that we can
do to kind of make the industry more
transparent and to also protect the US
taxpayer you know point one is I think a
lot of the over the counter instruments
that have exploded to the point of you
know tens of trillions of dollars
exposure really need to be moved towards
exchanges so I think heightened
transparency which will make bank
balance sheets much clearer is one piece
of the puzzle so not eliminate them to
simply make them more aware so we have
some idea of what is in that number that
the companies every quarter or saying
here's what our at that's that's a word
right certainly I mean many of the
assets that are on bank balance sheet
subject themselves well to being
exchange-traded with central margining
and clear price transparency there are
some others that are not but I think
that there need to be more stringent
capital requirements for those less
liquid non-transparent assets than there
have been previously I think another big
point is the kind of segregation of the
true proprietary risk taking from the
customer business and what we've seen is
we basically thought hedge funds growing
up within these bags and the problem is
in the wake of the bailout we've been
bailing out their hedge fund which
really shouldn't be the case if you look
at Goldman Sachs it is a hedge fund with
a little customer service business
attached on the side which would be nice
in any other world but when you're
making 10 billion a quarter out of your
trading business obviously totally
secondary business there's no question
that you know because the cost of
capital to them and running this hedge
fund is basically its approaching zero
with today's low interest rate
environment and the Fed backstop it's
completely unfair and non-competitive
relative to independent hedge funds that
have to deal with their prime rotors and
financing requirements that are much
much more stringent so how do you
completely separate them
you can have them in the same but you
have different rules for each I mean to
me there are two they're really two
separate pockets a proprietary trading
there's the trading that supports the
customer business kind of like the back
book trading within the sales and
trading infrastructure and then you've
got these very separate hedge fund
businesses and you know Goldman's is run
out of the asset management side which
is readily separable to me that should
be outside that should not be inside the
firm and we should not be on the hook
for providing them this kind of bonus
financing that we have been really in
perpetuity to break up Goldman Sachs
basically yeah I think in general every
Wall Street firm has one of these
businesses now granted you saw with with
City andy hall they just separated out
his business I think that's a logical
evolution of these hedge fund operations
that really aren't supporting any
customer activity anything else I think
of science battle in court requirements
do we let them go bust do we certify
that they can't go bust this whole
too-big-to-fail thing well I think the
too-big-to-fail becomes less of an issue
when most of the assets are
exchange-traded and the market will then
set the capital requirements on these
liquid assets and we have the central
counterparty clearing and then the other
side getting these these subsidized
hedge fund businesses out of there and
we're really focusing on the customer
business those two things will go a long
way towards mitigating our exposure in
creating a healthier industry so here's
the 64 bazillion dollar but any chance
of any of this happening or as financial
reform just completely did it seemed it
seems to me the way the political winds
have been blowing that yeah it's very
unlikely that we're going to see the
kind of changes I'm talking about we'll
see it in pockets like I do think that
we'll see more over-the-counter
derivatives traded on exchanges but is
there going to be this requirement that
the credit derivative market will now
completely migrate to an OTC construct
no do you think that do I think that
legislators are going to make Goldman
Sachs spin-off what's effectively a
hedge fund within their confines no
should they yes but I mean you know the
game as well as I do I do thanks Ryder
