welcome back to us we answer at the
Business Insider so let's just get
straight to the questions here what do
we have first Gordon asks do you believe
in future dominance of America or do you
think we are kaput well I'd say it about
5050 no I mean really I don't buy the
caput arguments granted we have the same
amount of debt and we have political
problems but generally the world seems
to be getting more stable not less so
free democratic countries have a pretty
good track record and people have always
had some reason to believe America was
about to go down the toilet or really
any other country wise so if I were
going to bet I would bet on America's
continued can I wouldn't say dominance
exactly because there are other
countries coming up I i think that the
emergence of other international powers
and strong economies is actually
probably good for us see if perhaps we
won't dominate the globe like we used to
but I don't think we could put so
hopefully that makes you feel good next
one comes from shane o who asks why is
the government allowed to run and
dominate coverage for flood insurance
well there is a resistance about a
public option for health insurance
that's actually a really good question
there are a lot of kinds of insurance
that the government does get into flood
insurance is one hurricane insurance is
another there probably wouldn't even be
any such thing as coastal housing if we
didn't have hurricane insurance because
no private company would ensure property
that just gets destroyed every five
years i think the reason that we accept
this actually has something to do with
our attitude towards housing we have a
very pearl housing policy in the
government and we don't like to tell
people that no you can't build here or
you can't build by this river you can't
build by this coast because your house
is going to get destroyed every few
years and no one
back it up so instead we keep
subsidizing it I think it's a bad idea I
do think it should be privatized flood
insurance that way we would have less
disasters every time I could have less
there would be less of a human toll
every time a natural disaster struck but
as it is we keep subsidizing people
building in dangerous places seems like
a bad idea to me next question comes
from the pseudonymous professor
funkenstein who asks are you a dog
person which i think might be an inside
joke and my only answer is that I hate
Tennessee so if you get the question
then you get the response all right
let's see what this is do you ever
consider that this is an oversupply
crisis and that there's just not enough
demand for most of our assets oil gas
clothes exotic resorts etc and what will
be the new normal in terms of
unemployment no I don't really believe
that that's the case I believe human
demand is basically insatiable if people
always want to go to Resorts people are
always going to want to use energy
people are always going to want new
clothes so I don't really think that is
the correct formulation of the crisis of
the current the current situation to me
it's more of a coordinate coordination
issue why can't we get everyone working
what sort of in some sort of harmonic
manner so that everyone is doing
something productive why is it that
there are people who are skilled who are
unemployed I don't think the answer is
over supply of goods or an oversupply of
labor I do to some extent believe that
supply creates its own demand there's a
lot of economist things I think the
problem is through a bubble through the
bubble that we've just had we've had a
big misallocation of capital and talent
and that now we're trying to figure out
what to do with all the assets we have I
hope that helps but I on to get to your
question I also think that explains why
unemployment will remain high for some
time ah does the bludge to give out a
lot of good stock tips around the office
I think she's pretty much out of that
game frankly what is your view of this
of Boeing opting to build the 787 in
South Carolina
this was just announced yesterday bowing
his head all kinds of problems building
at 787 and now they're going to build it
in South Carolina the reason is
controversial is because South Carolina
is a right to work state and in the
northern union states where they used to
build stuff there were too many strikes
and labor was too high so that's
friendly pretty understandable that they
wouldn't want to keep building
inexpensive Union State I mean they've
already had enough problems with their
production facilities you know plant
shutdowns certainly don't help then
being said there's another reason to
wonder what the idea is in South
Carolina because besides the labor
supply disruptions to Boeing's
manufacturing facilities there also just
not that well coordinated in terms of
supply chain they've had problems with
surprise part shortages that have come
up things like that and so by further by
further spreading around the geography
of their supply chain I suspect they'll
have more problems and that labor may
diminish is a problem but that other
other logistics issues will emerge next
question comes from Jeff Bardo who asks
what the real reason is for the public
option do we really believe that it's
competition as the Democrats are saying
or is there something more nefarious I
don't think I do think they're they're
being the the people who are pushing the
public option are being a little bit
disingenuous when they talk about
competition I do think that politicians
speak to some extent there I there would
be ways to create competition without a
public option I do really think though
that for the most part the people push
pushing the public option do believe
that insurance the greed of insurance
companies is what's causing our health
care problems in this country I don't
really think that's the issue I think as
evidence is the fact that health
insurance margins aren't even that high
but they actually do think that
insurance companies are a major
bottleneck in the health care system and
that a government-run system could work
better so I'll give them credit for that
last question of the day comes from
frequent comment or ghosted 29 who asks
is it fair to say that cluster stock
editors are perma bears so that's a fair
question because we do have a lot of
gloomy headlines like things you know
stocks plunge and things tank and things
go in the toilet whatever it is or bears
get Bulls get slaughtered so does them
because perma bears I don't know I don't
think any of us really are bullish or
bearish I can tell you that generally
speaking and this is just straight-up
honesty people prefer to read those
stories then they prefer to read the
durable goods ordered ticked up by point
1 percent or something like that
something that'd be good news no one
cares so if you think we're perma bears
maybe you should look at yourself and as
are you a perma bear and are you
interested in good news I mean media has
always been like this it so it's people
complaining about it forever that
there's a focus on bad news don't ask us
to try and change that tied it is giving
you what you want to read
