I'm Henry Blodgett back with the daily
news analysis let's start with apple
absolute blowout earnings last night
what's going forward what happens
actually we think there's a lot more
where that came from first you have the
mac business which is actually the
sleeper business but incredibly
important to Apple is starting to really
reinvigorate itself this was by far the
biggest quarter they've ever had right
now as we shoot this video I the iTunes
Store is actually down or the apple site
is down because they are restocking with
new max this is obviously going to help
but if you look at the trends in the
computing industry right now Microsoft's
twenty-year lock on the Windows
operating system and the desktop is
starting to break apart this has really
created an opening for Apple and the Mac
business and they are running through it
quickly they're gaining share incredibly
rapidly but they still have only a tiny
slice of the computer market so if you
think about where they can go from there
eight percent or nine percent share to
40-50 something like that there's a huge
runway obviously the iphone business is
just cranking and we have several more
new carriers coming on new countries in
this quarter they are definitely
becoming the de facto platform for
development for mobile devices so as far
as we're concerned the only route for
Apple right now is up we have the
housing bubble back take a look at the
slide show that Joe Wiesenthal put
together what were the ingredients of
the housing bubble to begin with well
first the government gave away free
money and it's actually the government
this time as opposed to private mortgage
lenders but they are subsidizing once
again one hundred percent of the prices
for houses for people who should never
buy houses you have now bidding wars
breaking out in Las Vegas and elsewhere
you have a whole group of investors
panicked that they're going to miss the
turn and get into late so they are
shoveling cash at people who buy up
houses at foreclosure so in a lot of
markets we don't have the soaring prices
yet but we've got all the hallmarks of a
frenzy this is would be highly unusual
if in fact the bubble ends this way with
another bubble so we are very skeptical
in fact we think it's much more likely
that we go into another year of damn
turn here a lot of these folks who are
jumping in now are way too early this is
just not usually the way you end the
aftermath of mobile like the one we've
had stoned was the word used to describe
the new york times newsroom yesterday
when another hundred layoffs were
announced last time we had a hundred
layoffs as we recall the promise was
that would be it there was the brief
salary reduction earlier this year but
now in fact they're more layoffs if we
look forward with in new york times we
think certainly if the economy comes
back there will be a cyclical lift here
but long term it's just hard to see how
this business survives without a radical
restructuring we think that
restructuring ultimately will lead to at
least half of the jobs in the newsroom
ultimately being eliminated so we think
it's death by a thousand cuts
unfortunately this is the second one in
recent years and we think probably there
will be more to come although it does
seem like management is being proactive
about it and not waiting until they have
a gun at their head so that's positive
the good news is about one out of ten
magazines actually grew their
advertising revenue this year we had
Conde Nast imploding shutting down
magazines all over the place but there
are 10 out of the 250 magazines out
there that are actually growing this
year we have a slide show taking a look
at that what you'll notice that most
those magazines are not news magazines
but they are definitely growing which is
good news the stock market is more
overbought than at any time in history
says John Hussman who's a very
well-regarded fund manager points back
to a date in November of 1980 which we
just exceeded on some of these long-term
overbought indicators overbought itself
is sort of a fuzzy term but anyway mr.
husband is very concerned that we're
going to get a break based on that too
compelling charge take a look at that on
the site inflation everyone's worried
about inflation what we're seeing is
deflation producer prices this morning
dropped an unexpected amount so yes
there is this possibility in fact
probably likelihood that once the
economy really does get roaring again
and we get some of the toxic assets off
the bank balance sheets that we're going
to see them start to put some of these
reserves in play and you could get
rampant inflation but right now the
problem is deflation and
japan is demonstrating every day you can
go for an awfully long period in this
time where you're trying to restock the
economy and you're in a deflationary
environment before you actually become
inflationary so let's hope it doesn't
take as long as japan but right now the
problem is deflation virtual good sales
supposed to double this year so there is
one part of the economy that's growing
and then lastly yahoo is very sorry that
it hired lap dancers to try to convince
people to develop for the yahoo com
platform this was apparently it seemed
like a good idea at the time and taiwan
but now the pictures are out and yahoo
is frantically apologizing we have a
good slideshow set up with all those
embarrassing pictures on the site so
take a look at that have a wonderful day
we'll see you tomorrow
