you're five years into your career as a
founder and entrepreneur of this massive
global organization which is amazing but
we'll leave that aside so I mean what do
you think the three keys to Facebook's
success and innovating have been thus
far if you had to really narrow it down
to three well I mean I think it's a lot
of the cultural values that we've talked
about so far so I mean and I think
making it so that this is a place where
people can move quickly is just key
having an emphasis on making bold
decisions and being bold and the
products that we build I think is why we
have products like newsfeed right which
at the time was controversial but now is
one of the core parts the product that
has been emulated by a lot of other
startups and companies or why we have
platform when we built our first version
of the development platform people
weren't thinking about social networks
as social platforms for social software
development and that was a pretty
controversial decision then we decided
to go for it now we have a development
community of you know almost a million
developers so that that is kind of a
direct byproduct of that kind of line of
thinking and then I think just also
focusing on the leverage and impact you
know the best people want to go to the
place where they can have the biggest
impact and we have always focused on
this ratio here of the number of
engineers that we have to the size of
the user base all right for the impact
that they're going to have and what we
found is that your each you each
engineer here is roughly responsible for
more than a million users right if you
if you do that calculation that's much
more than then smaller companies that
have smaller user bases but in smaller
employee bases and much larger than
larger companies that have maybe more
users but also a lot more employees so
we're kind of in this sweet spot and
we've always focused on building the
company in a way where there's just a
lot of leverage and that that would
encourage they're just the best people
to come join the company
