speak personally and talk about the
three keys to your own success I mean
there been again you're wonderful and
attributing success to everybody else
which is great and they deserve it and
appreciate it and so forth on the other
hand you've taken this thing in a going
after an opportunity that thousands of
people have gone after and you are the
one who has led this company to be the
world dominant player in this right now
there are million ways you could have
screwed up so what what do you think the
three keys to your success are well
isn't a lot of it goes back to those
values right I mean the values often
come from the founder the person running
the company so I think I believe those
things probably the most strongly of
people at the company who fan yeah move
fast be bold right focus on impact but I
think you know you think long term focus
is a really important part of this I
mean we've had a lot of opportunities to
optimize for the shorter term whether
it's in selling the company or in doing
different products that would have
benefited us in the short term but not
optimized for the long term impact then
and I just think you opportunities like
this don't come around that often so
when you get one I feel like you almost
have a duty to see it through and build
it to be what it can be
