you look at the the model of successful
technology entrepreneurs you've
obviously decided that you want to run
the company why is that well in just my
view of looking through the technology
industry and its history I think the
companies that have done the best have
often been led by their founders right
or at least extremely early employees at
the company and I think that that's
because you know they often those people
have a better sense of why the company
was created have a lot of credibility
within the company in order to make the
decisions that need to be made the world
changes so quickly so being able to
guide the company efficiently I think
it's an extremely important part of that
someone showed me an interesting stat
once that out of public companies ones
that were still run by their founders
outperformed others and I think that
that would be an interesting thing to
look into I don't know you know
obviously there's it's that's probably
someone can dispute that or question
what it means but III think that the
model of having the person who's guiding
the direction of the company run the
company while being surrounded by a
group of really talented people who are
effectively managing the company and
running its different areas it is a very
good model you know but but no matter
what the model is it's really important
to keep in mind that it's never just one
person alright so in our case we have
just a handful of really great
executives you know whether it's folks
like Sheryl Sandberg who's our chief
operating officer or you know much rep
for our head of engineering who joined
us from Mozilla or I'm you know Chris
Cox our head of product - who has who
started off as an engineer at Facebook
and has built some of the most
innovative products here that is now our
head of products you know it's really
it's always a team of folks that and
even more than those that I mentioned
who really are running the place
