so mark when when a company like
Facebook gets to this size gives this
level of maturity a lot of people would
sort of look at it and assume that this
was the direction you set out to go the
whole time take us back to the dorm room
at Harvard talked about the initial idea
and what the initial idea looked like
relative to where you are today well so
my sophomore year at Harvard when when I
first built this there's a lot of really
interesting stuff going on I mean there
are two primary things that were
happening it kind of at the same time
but the first was like any college
student I just spent a lot of time
hanging out with my friends where people
were studying computer science
psychology the things that I studied
other stuff and we just spend a lot of
time talking about what we thought were
the big issues with the world and how
the world was gonna change over the next
five 10 20 years and a lot of cool stuff
has come out of college conversations
like that in the past and for us what we
discussed was that the biggest trend
that was going on right now was that
more and more information was becoming
available right so going back to kind of
a start of the the internet and
mainstream when browsers were available
and since then people have just been
sharing more and more information and
that um a lot of that was still being
shared by a small number of companies or
content producers but that over time
people would be sharing more and more
information themselves and how that
happened was a really important thing
right so people care a lot about
controlling you know information about
themselves their reputation their
privacy and there was just kind of a big
question about whether the world would
evolve in this way that people would
have control over that themselves or if
that information would just be available
and so that's kind of on the one hand we
spent like all this time discussing that
and on the other hand I just built this
little thing right and you know so kind
of had those conversations in the back
of my head but what I was building was
this application for Harvard students
6,000 people to share some information
about themselves and stay connected with
their friends and family and what we've
basically just found since then is that
that application is something that
almost everyone wants to use right
everyone has an identity that they want
to express and friends and family that
they want
stay connected with and it's grown from
that original six thousand persons
student body to more than 250 million
people across the world and the cool
irony in it is now we've actually had an
opportunity to shape how that first sort
of big trend that that my friends and I
discussed five years ago about more
information being available and people
having control over their information
we've now been able to shape a bit how
that plays out so that's been a really
fun part of this
