if you were aware of what was going on
in the last presidential election
basically politics was revolutionized by
what Barack Obama did on the technology
side communications and marketing blue
state digital obviously did a ton of
that describe the system a little bit
because obviously big email component of
it you had the website what did it look
like I mean the magical number for me is
the the fact that one out of five of the
people that voted for President Obama
was on the email list so ended up being
nearly 14 million people you know built
organically over 22 months that
responded to everything from fundraising
to doing virtual phone calls on Election
Day really did developing that narrative
around the campaign that gave people
multiple opportunities to engage and
breaking down the silos of the
traditional campaign so it wasn't
development or fundraising in one area
field and communications in another it
really created a level playing field for
everyone whether you're taught to your
donor or an individual who gives five
dollars a month that access to the
campaign in the candidate and obviously
we get used to technology very quickly
assume people have sort of forgotten
about how innovated this was at the time
but what was what were things like 22
months earlier yeah and we've been the
competition like we've been developing
the technology sense sort of
frustrations out of the Dean campaign
and through our work with the Democratic
Party a lot of trade unions and a lot of
the corporate clients we have its we've
built up this proprietary license based
service that you know the scalability
was a challenge for an effort of the
size of another presidential campaign
but we were able to come to the table
and say you as a campaign you don't need
to hire a bunch of developers we have
these tools let us keep working on them
everything from how do you get a million
emails out in a couple of minutes to
that log in my beau system that allowed
people to really create their own local
organizing capacity individually there
are competitors and all the different
modules of the software but the bundling
up and allowing the data integrity to
exist in one system that scales is sort
of the competitive differentiation and
how much of that was built before this
and how much was built on them the most
the vast majority of it was built prior
to the campaign
was optimization of it and then the
scalability with that was required we're
now going through the phases of making
all the tools internationalized for our
international clients and dealing with
sort of it's an ongoing platform
development process that is sometimes
fueled by client need others just sort
of competitive positioning for the
company overall
