we're talking earlier you said that
everyone focused on the website in the
campaign is being the real engine but
you say it was actually email it really
was email which is you know sort of pass
a in many ways when in the world of
Twitter and social networking but the
you know just some of the anecdotes of
not only one in five voters were
subscribers but there's you know 3.2
million donors and you can't you can't
tell the story of the campaign and 100
characters or less you can use that as
the add-on but really if you if you page
through the thousands of emails that
people received over the course of the
campaign that was the book that was the
story of of the effort it wasn't just
from President Obama it was from all the
characters it was the strategy updates
from David Plouffe it was that sort of
transparency that gave people a
willingness to commit you know the
average person gave 2.3 times that's a
degree of loyalty that is just unheard
of and so when you take things so for
example at the Red Cross getting them to
think this way around campaign messaging
as opposed to a more traditional
newsletter approach makes the work of
the Red Cross more accessible to people
so it's not just their top of mind when
a tornado hits or disaster happens but
they realize that the ongoing effort is
in keeping that readiness there that
just comes down to regular messaging in
one of my presentations there's the talk
of that sort of shortened approval
process during the RNC convention there
was no plans on being too active the
can't you know our candidate was on
vacation Sarah Palin had been added to
the ticket but then they got on stage
first Rudy Giuliani and then said are
from Sarah Palin and we're really
viciously attacking community organizers
as not only not qualified to be
President but really just were radicals
and we had built the the campaign had
built an effort that was based on the
notion the community organizing was one
of the ways we could sort of save the
country and so we couldn't let that go
unresponsive to and because of you know
David Clough down the hall we could
write you know two paragraphs of copy
literally starting I wasn't planning on
writing this to you tonight but dot dot
it got sent out ten minutes after Sarah
Palin left the stage and was the single
biggest fundraising F
of the campaign totally off plan so that
kind of stuff that success really breeds
success
