first of all is innovation dead are we
in trouble it's a country no I'm not
concerned about that at all you know the
one thing the US has going forward
certainly in the technology space I
don't want to speak for biotech or other
areas but the technology space there's a
lot of innovation there are a lot of
startups there's a tremendous amount of
money available in the venture capital
portfolios in their funds so I'm not
worried about that the US has been a
leader in digital media by far and I
think will continue to be now you go
back to two years ago though there was a
frenzy of investment and suddenly it was
the dot-com bubble was back tons of
venture capital money going into this
now it seems like venture capitals or in
the fetal position they're not investing
anything and yet you're saying there's
tons of money available or how do you
reconcile that well there's investing is
always cyclical and it will continue to
be so and it's partly for economic
reasons and it's partly for technology
development reasons sometimes our little
breakthroughs and people say oh yeah
there's a sector being created here
that's going to be worth hundreds of
millions of dollars or billions of
dollars so it makes sense that money
would go into that and then you can have
low periods but in general there is
money available you know we're in the
process of raising money for gilts and
found it very easy five term sheets took
a couple of weeks able to raise about 40
million dollars so there's money out
there even if it's a little bit less
than it was last year and Marc
Andreessen who obviously has done a huge
amount of innovation on his own has
recently said that something like a
third of the venture capital business is
going to go out of business again that's
not going to threaten us where's that
actually a good thing because it
suddenly starts to rational do you mean
the venture capital firms actually
absolutely yeah why that's another way
of saying that there is a lot of money
out there actually and so there's no
shortage of money there's no shortage of
startups you know I find actually as an
entrepreneur the challenges often if I
start something you know there are five
or eight or nine other companies doing
the same thing so it may be a problem
for venture capitalists because it's
hard for them to make money on all those
but it's good from an innovation point
of view there are lots of competitors
they'll be consolidation over time
that's always been the case nothing has
really changed that much in 20 years
there are lots of competitors a lot of
them go out of business and at the end
of the day
of that crucible we end up with a lot of
the best companies
