we're probably gonna be local and we
don't think it's an accident that Google
is in Mountain View and Twitter's in San
Francisco and Facebook's in Palo Alto
why is that what is it about the valley
increasing returns so network effect
increasing returns virtuous cycle to to
innovate to to innovation the people who
want to be involved in an in technology
innovation the valley has a magnetic
pull on the best and brightest they
don't all end up here and the fact they
don't all want to end up here but a very
large number of them do and more of them
end up here than anywhere else it's it's
it's the analogy I always draw for
people around here to help them
understand why I say this people around
the valley is it's like LA for
filmmaking it's like if I want to make
like a major if I want to be a major
movie director or screenwriter
you got to go to LA cuz you can try to
do it out of Boulder or you can try to
do it out of Seattle and you're probably
not gonna get anywhere you're gonna have
to go to LA because that's where the
studios are that's where all the great
talent is that's where all the actors
are that's where all the screenwriters
are like that's where everybody is it's
the same thing in tech you you know the
really best people generally want to be
in the community that the really best
people are a part of they want to work
on the most exciting projects they want
to work on the breakthrough technologies
it all tends to aggregate and that isn't
to say that they can't happen somewhere
else right there are plenty there are
lots of smart people outside the valley
and you routinely see like you know
Skype you know becomes explosively
successful out of you know Europe and
out of engineering and Tallinn Estonia
or a you know you see these all over the
place SAS Institute in which like has
their own city like somewhere on the
East Coast or you know Microsoft
becoming hugely successful in Seattle
has a pocket and certainly New York has
a pocket yeah and there are pockets and
there are pockets in different places
and I think Seattle and New York have
have pockets that seemed to be seem to
be durable lots of other places had
pockets in the late 90s those pockets
have largely evaporated you know there
are lots of attempts to create the
valley you know there's a serious pocket
there's a serious by no serious pocket
in Israel so you do see pockets but you
don't tend to see that you don't seem to
see the patterns like I say it's Google
Facebook Twitter like the you know three
of the defining companies they're just
there's a reason that they're here and
so it's just it's just this continuous
loop in this feedback cycle and what's
interesting about the valley is this one
so deep in the culture
the value that it spans technology
cycles right and so the history of the
technology industry in the valley goes
way back Steve Blank is a prominent
entrepreneur out here writes this just
absolutely fantastic blog and he's
basically been reconstructing
reconstructing the history of the valley
so most history the valley sort of start
the 50s with Hewlett Packard he actually
takes it like all the way back to like
them to 20s and 30s and basically says
there's like there was like this whole
microwave wave it's at one point and
then there was all this defense
contracting that was happening and like
and so it's and then obviously through
semiconductors and through software and
through biotech and through the internet
and all these other things are happening
now mobile happening now so it's it's
very deep in ingrained in the culture
and if you go anyplace else you you just
as a professional really dedicated to
the field it's just a drop-off and
people it sound prejudicial I sound
provincial when I say that but it's just
true well and what I hear saying what
I've heard on a lot of other people
saying just seems obvious is that
culture is so much a piece of it because
you've got people are used to taking the
leap that you took there's this
understanding that you can start a
company and it can bomb and you can get
right up and go do another one and
that's okay your par for the course
that I think certainly is missing in New
York you spend you leave an investment
bank to go start a software company or
start an internet media company you want
to go back to Wall Street you're gonna
spend the next year explaining how you
ever could have been so stupid to do it
in the first place where people
understand that the one question that I
have is do you think it's at all
generational though do you think it now
that New York for example has double
click they have Google spinning off
people who are all starting their own
companies there's a start-up venture
capital community there now do you think
it just takes time or do you think
ultimately it's always gonna be the
valley and everybody else is just gonna
be a little satellite so it's much
better than it was so the prospects have
never been better and by the way that
there actually i believe is a formula
not that it's easy to recreate but you
need research universities you need
venture capital you need institutional
support in the form of law firms
accounting for most things investment
banks things like that you need
entrepreneurs you need engineers you
need executives you need marketing a
sales talent like there is an ecosystem
and you know but certainly New York has
this version of that Seattle has this
version of that but the draw is really
really powerful
I mean Mark Zuckerberg right you know
drops out of Harvard you know even if
you look
what's happening Boston in the last 20
years like the valley the valley has
absorbed a huge amount of what Boston
used to have Marshall occur Berg drops
out of Harvard in already lives in
Boston
MOOCs to Palo Alto which was I mean and
like that was like the right thing for
him to do and so I always try to put the
shoe put put the shoe i do we just do
this all the time with entrepreneurs it
drives me crazy because I'm like we know
why are you in Denver and they'll say
well you know blah blah this new climate
and people and there's not so much by
the way that's much competition for
people in Denver right cuz there's fewer
startups and I'm like well like do you
want to be best in the world right and
they say yeah and say well then why
wouldn't you be where all the best in
the world companies are and all the best
in the world people are and all the best
in the world sources the capital are all
the best of the world lawyers are and
all the best in the world sales people
are like why why would you ever select
anywhere else and you know they'd that
point they get frustrated but I do it
anyway
