inspiration for my bikes come from
everywhere
I live in a boatyard and construction
area and I basically walk through there
I see different pieces of metal that I
could use to turn into a bike or turn
into anything that's pretty much where
it goes
the first build it was fun riding my own
bike but of course you want to ride with
some other people so I built one for
myself then I built one for my wife then
of course I had to build one for my best
friend and his wife and then I have 10
bikes for 10 of my friends to ride
around have a good time
well I don't just build bikes I build
rolling art I started off self-taught so
I've learned how to do everything from
spoke my own wheels to bending pipes
laser cutting just everything necessary
to build a bike from a single straight
pipe to complete rolling chassis
here we go go ride
this thing is so much fun
I just got off my first ride of one of
Jared spikes and it was so much fun the
bike that I got on was super low to the
ground that person like this thing might
be a little bit uncomfortable to ride
but the seat is super comfortable the
ride was pretty smooth the suspension
system piece pillow these bikes handles
bumps on the road very well I had a lot
of fun riding this bike I can't wait to
see what Jaret comes up with in the
future
I enjoy doing one offs not really
building the same bike over and over but
building different things and different
ideas and I want it to be a unique art I
want to be something that you can enjoy
riding something that's personal towards
you and when you get on a bike it's not
really like you're just riding a bike
it's it's a piece of art you enjoy the
ride people looking at you the feel you
get and it's priceless
