and what do you think about chums trade
war what's the outcome gonna be here's
the point that I continue to make when
you've got plenty of supply in the world
and I think you do plenty of industrial
capability plenty of raw materials and
so on
it's the buyer that has the upper hand
not the seller the buyer has has the
ultimate power and who's the buyer
us is the buyer China's the seller and
beside you say if we weren't buying all
those consumer goods from China and you
and I enjoy them they're cheaper there's
they're great but if if we weren't by
them where we trying to sell them they
have no other place to sell them and in
the meanwhile China's growth is slowing
they got a problem of a huge debt
expansion they're trying to curb they're
trying to deal with shadow with shadow
lending a shadow shadow banking system
and so on so forth
China isn't going to collapse obviously
but I think in this in this trade war
that that that US has the upper hand if
you look at well how this holding
developed after World War two the rest
of the world was pretty much in ashes
and we were promptly into the Cold War
so I think that implicitly or explicitly
we basically said we will let Japan and
Europe export freely into the US because
that gave them the growth to to revive
in a Cold War era and that was cheaper
for us than garrison even more US troops
around the world and having more water
wars
well that was fine but that air is over
and the globalization has replaced it so
it's an entirely it's an entirely
different scene and I think as a result
you have this situation where China you
know China grew basically through
exports oh no they went to Europe and
North America but you know they they did
it with some rather underhanded we let
them into the World Trade Center in 2001
and they basically have not fulfilled
their promises they have not opened up
the technology then I'd open up to our
investments they they steal our
technology they demand tech transfer for
companies that want to operate in China
and so on and and so you've got a
situation now where China is basically
playing by the old game when everybody
could export to the US but now when you
see the unemployment problem no growth
and purchase
our in in in average for the average guy
did not that the non-supervisory and
production ploys no growth in real
incomes for a decade and and that has
changed the whole scene and that's I
think that's that's really what has
gotten Trump elected and and he's facing
because hey wait a minute
we got the upper hand here and we're
gonna we're gonna go ahead now they
could go to the mat she who was
basically the president for life in
China and and Trump he won't be around
forever of course but they could go to
the mat and you could get a really nasty
on our trade war and in a serious global
recession I'm not predicting that I
think they probably will settle in China
will begrudgingly give ground they'll
import more US goods
they'll ease up one required tech tech
transfer steel less of it they're not
going to change their their views
entirely what I think under pressure
they probably will will give away and
we'll end up winning the trade war I
mean people say nobody wins trade wars
yeah in the short run you don't but in
the long run if it's a matter of
changing what has been the world
exporting to the US and he was buying it
and what do we do we give them paper
that's why they own half of our
Treasuries I think that I think that I
think that is being reversed and in the
long run you also will be better off
you
