there are about six million Freemasons
worldwide but this is the United Grand
Lodge of England and we recognize a
number of lodges in different countries
but there will also be a whole host of
Masonic organisations that we don't
particularly recognize and that my
members can't go and visit and their
members can't can't visit us but we are
spread pretty much everywhere throughout
the world and yes you can usually find
something somewhere that you can go and
visit
a Masonic meeting really has been
relatively unchanged for a number of
centuries a group of 30 to 40 people
will meet maybe four to eight times a
year for a couple of hours a night and
they will do primarily one of three
ceremonies the ceremonies are things
which take us back to our roots of
medieval stonemasons but also bring in
some aspects of learning and personal
development
you
you
