Ray Dalio is the founder and chief
investment officer of Bridgewater the
world's largest and most successful
hedge fund and he is a best-selling
author coming off the launch of
principles which we'll talk about in a
minute but ray welcome I say you've
written one of the largest and I have no
doubt most comprehensive analyses of
debt crises that I have ever seen you
say this pattern repeats itself again
and again why write a book about this
well I'm at a stage of my life that I
want to pass along the principles that
helped me this was really research that
was done before the 2008 financial
crisis and it lays out a template of how
these things happen over and over again
in other words I believe that same
things happen over and over again and if
you study the patterns of them you
understand the cause-effect
relationships and then can write down
principles for dealing with them well we
dealt with them very well in that
financial crisis and in other debt
crisis is and I wanted to pass that
template along it's actually only in the
first 60 pages of the book so it's not a
big read if people want to and you're
giving it away for free which is great
so where are we in the current debt
cycle you often hear lots of talk about
debt obviously we're now ten years as
you note past the financial crisis but
debt still comes up the deficit is
ballooning in the United States where
are we in the cycle I think that there
are six stages to the cycle I'm going to
touch on them briefly
there's the early part of the cycle
where debt is being used to create
productivity incomes and then it can be
serviced well asset prices go up
everything is great and then you come to
the bubble phase of the cycle and in
that bubble phase you're in a position
where everybody extrapolates the past
because asset goes up they think it's
assets are going to continue to rise and
you put you borrow money and they
leverage and when you are in that phase
you do it when we do the calculations
well you could start to see that maybe
you won't be able to sustain that level
of debt growth then you come into the
third phase of the cycle which is the
top that's typically the part of the
cycle when central banks start to put on
the brakes tighten monetary policy and
then you come into the down leg and when
interest rates hit 0% you come into a
depression part of that cycle because
monetary policy doesn't work normally
when interest rates hit zero then you
have to have quantitative easing and you
begin that expansion and then you carry
that along and you begin the cycle carry
that so I think the period that we're in
is very similar to the period that we
were in in the 1930s if I may oh
absolutely
explain it okay there are only two times
in the history of this century where we
had debt crisis in which interest rates
hit zero and in both of those times the
central bank had to print money and go
to a different type of monetary policy
which we call quantitative easing and to
buy financial assets and that drives up
in both of those cases the value of
those financial assets and produces a
recovery but it drives interest rates
down to zero or near zero and where they
are around the world and that buying in
this case fifteen trillion dollars of
financial assets has put up pushed up
financial assets and drove driven the
interest rates down to zero so it's
caused asset prices to rise it's also
caused populism more populism because
that process creates a gap between the
rich and the poor those who have more
financial assets now see those asset
prices go up and for various other
reasons a wealth gap has developed if
you look at right now the top the 10% of
1% of the populations net worth is equal
about to the bottom 90% combined that's
very similar to the late 30s when we had
that stimulation and so on so we in a
situation where we're in the part of the
cycle later part of the cycle where
quantitative easing has been used most
of its energy asset prices are up
interest rates are low and we're
beginning a tightening of monetary
policy very much like we began in
nineteen
37 and we have a political situation in
terms of having more of a conflict
between the rich and the poor which is
bringing out a populism populism around
the world is the selection of
strong-minded leaders who are sort of
take charge but tend to be more
nationalistic and so we're in that type
of position and you've written
extensively and articulately about what
happened after 1937 which is we went
through a real surge of populism and
nationalism and got to World War two and
all the horrible things that happen
there what do you think happens now
given where we are
I think the cause-effect relationships
are analogous meaning that if you have a
wealth gap and you have a downturn in
the economy where you're sharing the pie
how do you divide a budget sharing the
budget there's a risk that the both
sides are at odds with each other
there's also a greater international
risk in tensions economic tensions
produce global tensions for various
reasons so I think that in this
expansion we're about in the seventh
inning of a nine inning game let's say
we're in the later part of the cycle the
part of the cycle in which monetary
policy is tightening and there's not
much capacity to squeeze out of the
economy and that as interest rates tend
to rise if they rise faster than is
discounted in the curve it can hurt
asset prices and asset prices are fairly
fully priced at this level of interest
rates at some point we're going to have
a downturn because that's why we have
recessions nobody ever gets it perfectly
and my concern is what that downturn
would be I think that that's not
immediate we don't have the same
pressures but I think it's maybe in -
maybe it's in two years I can't say but
I think that that what concerns me is
that it concerns me also internationally
because the situation internationally is
quite similar to the late 30s in
that in the these periods of time these
geopolitical cycles there is an
established power and an emerging power
that then have a rivalry at first it's
an economic rivalry and then it can
become quite antagonistic so back then
the United States and England War One
World War one and we had the peace but
then as there was a rising Germany and a
rising Japan there became that kind of
economic rivalry that became more
antagonistic I think that we have a
situation where there is a rising China
and the United States is an existing
economic power and there is a rivalry
about that and there can be an
antagonism about that so what when I
look at it I think the parallels are
quite similar does it mean that the same
outcomes have to happen okay but does
mean that I think we have to be alerted
to the fact that going forward in a
downturn monetary policy will not be
able to be as effective as it was last
time so we have to be cautious about a
downturn I would say err on the side of
having a little bit more leeway and be
and then we have to be concerned about
the wealth gap and the consequences
geopolitically and if we don't want to
repeat what happened in the late 30s and
40s what do we have to do what is the
having studied history the right way to
handle this and head that off well I
think one of the things is to make sure
the capitalism works for the majority of
people to look at the bottom 60% of the
population and use that as metrics to
say is that improving or not and how do
you approach that wealth gap and it's
not just a wealth gap I think it's more
important than the wealth gap is an
opportunity gap that people need to be
made useful by being able to have jobs
and so on so I think that there should
be that should be considered you know an
imperative I think that we have to be
thinking about our balance of payments
situation and the amount of debt that
we're producing we're in a very
privileged position of having a reserve
currency one of the things that
distinguishes countries that really have
problems from
those who are able to manage their debt
problems is whether the currencies
denominated the debt is denominated in
one's own currency that requires us in
order to do that to continue to maintain
sound basic finance I think we're going
to have though a squeeze that will be
not just related to debt but even more
importantly related to pensions and
healthcare obligations that will happen
so I think these will be difficult times
not not immediately but I think in maybe
a few years and I think it will be very
dependent on how we are with each other
so let me ask you about both of those
first how do we make capitalism work for
everybody it seems like part of the
problem is that as you pointed out the
rise and asset values are not accruing
to 60 to 80 percent of the population
anytime you suggest that companies pay
people more the financial class well Sal
that's outrageous that should be free
markets we can't have minimum wage and
it should be hey Iran was right you want
to raise you've got a bargain for it so
how in that you you obviously care about
the economy how do we make capitalism
work for everybody without wrecking I
think I think the first thing that you
need to do is realize that it's a the
issue as a national emergency I would
like the president to declare it as a
national emergency and then use metrics
to judge that in other words take the
population the bottom 60% 60% and take
those numbers and make the metrics and
then bring together a commission of
people a bipartisan Commission to be
dealing with this I think there are a
lot of things that could be done I see
it to some extent philanthropic last
thing at an education for example in
education we're in a situation where in
many cases terrible terrible conditions
in education literally in schools that I
know children are having to share
pencils they'll break a pencil and half
and sharpen it at both ends or they'll
pass it back and forth they don't have
adequate books there were certain day
those
children in Connecticut where the state
that I'm from which is either the
richest or what certainly one of the top
three richest country states in the
country we have 22% of the popular
popular that is either disconnected or
disengaged and and so I'll tell you what
that means a disengaged student is one
that attends high school but doesn't
participate they don't study they don't
really make progress a disconnected
student is one that they don't even know
where they are
22% of the population in Connecticut is
one of those and high school students is
one of those those those are students
that are not going to be able to be
productive they're going to be on the
streets if you look at the cost of
incarceration cost of incarceration is
between 85 and $125,000 typically a year
in terms of that so there were certain
things I think I think you could create
public-private partnerships so that
these some programs do well I'm support
I support for example microfinance
microfinance in being able to bring
about there are many things forget the
things that I'm supporting I'm saying if
we take an initiative and you say a
national emergency and you bring
together others and you establish
metrics like good management of that I
think that you are you will be making
progress toward dealing with that in in
public part private partnership and I
don't know what'll happen I don't think
that's going to happen
I have no prospect of that that's why
I'm a little bit concerned that what
will the next downturn will be like does
it require our raising taxes because the
other problem as you point out is the
debt and the debt growth is accelerated
with the recent tax changes any time you
mentioned the idea of more money to
education or more money to other social
services lots of people freaked out and
say we can't afford it
so are you suggesting that we do need to
have an increase in the tax base I think
that most probably we do but the real
issue is mostly productivity right in
other words to unleash productivity
there was a time that
we're in part of the world for workforce
and when they entered the workforce it
it caused the great productivity boom I
think if we make it a mission that that
group becomes much more productive and
has the opportunity I mean I think the
country you know is what are we about I
think it should be the land of
opportunity and we bring that together
and produce those opportunities because
that produces productivity candidate
Trump going back to debt campaigned on
how awful the administer administration
was doing the debt was growing now
President Trump has a big new tax plan
that has radically accelerated the
growth of debt given your concern and
expertise in dead cycles are you
concerned about what's happening at this
stage of the cycle in terms of the
increasing debt the private sector debt
for the most part I don't have much in
the way of concerns for when we do our
pro form of financial numbers and we
look at we see pockets that will
probably have problems servicing their
debt there's a lot of cash around I am
concerned in about a two-year period
about the amount of dollar denominated
debt that we're going to have to sell
abroad because we're going to have to
fund the deficits and then in addition
we'll have our balance sheets the
Federal Reserve's balance sheet go down
and that'll involve a significant amount
of selling of dollar-denominated debt
when I look at the portfolio's of
different entities that are holding
different amounts I think it'll be more
difficult to sell that amount of debt I
think that will cause upward pressure on
interest rates but the way that works is
that pressure will sort of be negative
for the economy let's say two years from
now but it will also probably be at that
point more negative for the dollar right
now we're in a short squeeze $4 because
there's a lot of dollar-denominated debt
a debt is a short dollar position
because it's a promise to delivery doubt
dollars you don't own and when you have
a lot of countries that
borrowed in dollars and have their cash
flows in local currency such as we see
it in Argentina and Turkey and Brazil in
other countries they're in a debt
squeeze that causes the debt to the
dollar to rise and that deck squeeze
will be passed in two years at the same
time as we're going to have to sell a
lot more dollar-denominated debt and I
think that that probably would be
bearish for the dollar at you know at
that point so there are parts not the
same sectors as last time but different
parts so you've had one of the most
successful careers in history and
investing huge sums of money as you look
at where we are in the cycle what do you
think normal investors should do you say
where it's not an immediate issue but a
couple of years out we may have a
downturn how do you invest in a
retirement portfolio in light of that I
think that there are two key parts of
investing there is what is your
strategic asset allocation and then
there's moving around there's tactical
bets and alpha and I think the average
man should not try to make tactical bets
to try to produce alpha because he's
going to get it wrong alpha is better
than average in other words to say now's
the time to buy now is the time to sell
this market timing don't do that the
history of it is clear I remember
learning this when Peter Lynch ran the
Magellan fund and there was the best
stock performing fund in all the stock
market when the stock market was best
and the average investor lost money in
it and how was that possible and the
reason it's possible is one that was
very hot and the advertisements were
there people bought and when it was had
a period of bad performance they got out
and they got scared and so market timing
is a very difficult thing it's a very
difficult thing for we who puts hundreds
and millions of dollars each year right
we have sixteen hundred people at
Bridgewater it's a difficult game and so
I would say that they should not try to
play that game that they should
understand the how to achieve balance
and diversification in
and operating now how to do that is a
conversation that's a you know a longer
conversation Tony Robbins injured
interviewed me about it and he made a
very simple book as part of investing
its described in there but the you
there's ways of achieving balance that
doesn't cost you return and
significantly reduces your your risk so
I would recommend that they come to a a
balanced portfolio what we call an
all-weather portfolio but something that
means that they're not exposed to any
particular type of environment and it's
the same portfolio in inning seven of
the debt cycle that's right
if you're going to play the cycle then
realize that the time to buy is when
there's blood in the streets is the same
okay and then you you sell when
everything is great and everybody's
extrapolating the past and you're near
the end of the cycle because as you come
in as your unemployment rate gets low
and asset prices are high and debts are
being built up and everyone's
extrapolating the past the past will not
perform up to expectations and that is
the time to sell but it's very difficult
for people to step away from the crowd
and to do that and and what do you watch
to know that everyone is now excited and
everyone's extrapolating into the future
and I'll give you an example which is
that two years ago we talked lots of
concerns then about the stock market and
valuation and you said Henery relax
we're in the middle of the cycle now you
say we're in the seventh inning what do
I as a normal person look at to tell me
okay it's one out in the ninth time to
start transferring and getting ready for
disaster okay first of all you look at
how much slack is left in the cycle okay
where's the unemployment rate where's
the capacity what is the central bank
doing is a tightening monetary policy or
is it easy monetary policy that's one so
how much slack second you look at how
much debt has been used to finance those
purchases okay third you look at the
amount of
sentiment the you know the the euphoria
and forth I would say you can see the
pricing of how much debt is how much
growth is built into the pricing in
other words by comparing the yield on
stocks and the yield on bonds and you
look at the price at you look at credit
spreads and things like that they paint
the picture of the future
that's the discounted future and if you
look at that picture of the discounted
future and that picture is an
extrapolation of what happened in the
past to something that's unlikely to
happen going forward then you would know
that prices are are too high and then
you have to think about timing
great let's talk about something else
which is that you recently wrote a book
called principles it's New York Times
bestseller it's read by people way
beyond the financial industry part of
what you talk about is the culture that
you developed at Bridgewater which you
say yourself is not right for everybody
it's tough it's like the seal team of
corporate environments only certain
people can handle it and in the book you
lay out your principles that have helped
you be successful what have you learned
from feedback from the outside world as
people have have digested the book and
and does it make you change any of those
principles my main thing it didn't and
meaning its it's very simple in one
sentence what I want is meaningful work
and meaningful relationships through
radical truthfulness and radical
transparency because they reinforce each
other and that's what's worked for me if
you're on a mission to do wonderful
things understand the world and try to
do great jobs together and you're tough
with each other but also develop those
meaningful relationships so you feel
like you're sharing each other's lives
and you're committed to that mission
that's very powerful but the radical
truthfulness so that you don't not
biessing it at each other and you know
really what's going on
and your could be totally
straightforward in terms of even looking
at people's weaknesses and their
mistakes so that you can learn from
those
and so that radical truthfulness and
that radical transparency so people can
see things themselves to me is a has
been a miracle formula and on and I'm so
pleased because I get literally I don't
know I don't know if it's tens of
thousands or hundreds of a lot of people
who thanked me for that changing their
lives however having said that I don't
think my principles are important you
could pick whatever principles that you
want what I learned when I was going
along is that every time I would make
decisions they're paid particularly
after mistakes it paid to write down
what my principles were for dealing with
that the next time I'm going around and
I think the important thing is
individuals picking their principles for
themselves so one of the things that's
excited me about it is also people doing
it for themselves they have I don't want
them to follow my principles I want them
to think hard about what works and then
think about being clear on their own
principles to realize that the same
things happen over and over again so
every time you have an experience
particularly if you have a bad
experience a painful experience that
there are lessons to be learned and ways
to change and principles to develop so
that you can do it better next time and
I and one of the key principles is to
know that you don't know what's best
necessarily to separate yourself from
your individual opinion to have a fear
of being wrong I have a tremendous fear
of being wrong cuz in the market you
learn that and if you don't learn that
that gives you then the open-mindedness
to take in from other people what you've
learned those types of things
I'm excited that people are learning so
I'm excited this is a this will go on
for just a short period of time and then
I'm gonna go quiet because what I've
done is to you know what I will have
done is passed these principles along
like this these debt principles I think
that they could help and is there
another one coming after that we have
life principles principles the one that
I meant to write before this I wrote
this debt one was economic and
investment principles because I think
there were two things that I learned
about
through experiences of my 43 years of
running Bridgewater and overseeing in
various ways and that is how to run a
company with a neat unique culture and
how to be involved in the investment and
economic area and so I wanted to pass
those along so that'll be coming but I
don't know 6 or 12 months
you
