this bluish liquid is one of the most
expensive resources in the world no it's
not the blue milk from Star Wars it's
actually blood from a horseshoe crab and
the stuff this blood makes cost $60,000
a gallon so why is it so expensive and
who's buying horseshoe crab blood the
blue color comes from copper in the
blood but that's not its most
interesting feature the blood contains a
special clotting agent it's used to make
a concoction called lime ulis amoeba
site lysate or Lal
before Lal scientists had no easy way of
knowing whether a vaccine or medical
tool was contaminated with bacteria like
e-coli or salmonella scientists would
inject vaccines into huge numbers of
rabbits and then basically wait for
symptoms to show up but when Lal was
approved for use in 1970 it changed
everything
drop a miniscule amount of it onto a
medical device or vaccine and the Lal
will in case any gram-negative bacteria
in a jelly cocoon while it can't kill
the bacteria the jelly seal is like a
fire alarm alerting us to the presence
of what could become a potentially
lethal infection and prevent it from
spreading each year the medical industry
catches around 600,000 horseshoe crabs
the crabs are drained of 30% of their
blood and up to 30% of the crabs don't
live through the process the survivors
are returned to the water but no one
really knows how well or if they recover
in 2016 the International Union for the
Conservation of Nature bumped the
American horseshoe crab up to vulnerable
on its red list one step below
endangered and the u.s. population could
keep falling by as much as 30 percent
over the next 40 years
Lal labs claimed that the returned crabs
eventually recover but new evidence
suggests that's not always the case
when Watson is trying to figure out what
happens to the crabs when they're put
back in the feet so most immediate
negative effect is more talented
anywhere from 10 to 25% of the animals
will die within the first couple days
after we've bled crabs become
disoriented and weak for a period of
time and females may have trouble
spawning if they survive the first I'll
say two weeks week to week and they're
back in their natural habitat they did
pretty well but it's getting through
those two weeks that's the issue you
know based on our data and others I
think that you need to treat them a
little if you're gonna get you increase
your survival rate right you need to
treat them better scientists are trying
to find a synthetic alternative to help
reduce the strain on the horseshoe crab
population but so far Lal is still
required by the FDA for this type of
testing so if these animals really
aren't recovering at the rate companies
previously thought we might eventually
run out of crabs to bleed if that
happens our lives and the lives of
countless rabbits might be at risk
