this is the key put this in now watch
what happens we need to turn the wheel
but how does it work this is the Zenvo
TSR s as the street-legal version of zen
bose dedicated track car the TS RS is
designed to be versatile the power
output can be adjusted from as little as
700 brake horsepower to 1177 brake
horsepower all from the cockpit you can
also switch between a standard gearbox
configuration for the road and a 7-speed
mechanical gearbox for the track but the
most versatile feature of the TS RS is
its centripetal wing the wing sits on a
center pivot point actuators on either
end of the wing push and pull these
cause the wing to pitch and tilt the TS
RS is twin supercharged v8 engine puts
out 1177 brake horsepower at 8,500 rpm
meaning it's powerful in order to
translate all that power to speed the
car needs to put that power to the
ground here's how the centripetal wings
on-the-fly adjustments help the TSR s
grip the track
a rear wing turns the air flowing around
it into downward pressure or downforce
for a wing that is perfectly horizontal
downforce results in more weight or load
pushing the tires straight into the
ground more load equals more grip in a
straight line grip is distributed evenly
amongst the tires this is when the car
is under the most control and therefore
the fastest imagine taking a sharp right
turning a car as you turn your wheel
right the car rolls and pushes you left
the same can be said of cars on the
track take this sharp right-hander as
the driver initiates the right turn the
car rolls left towards the outside the
inside tire begins to lift and the
weight begins to shift to the left tire
as a result the right tire loses
significant grip the centripetal wing
however lifts up on the right in
response to the right turn down force
travels perpendicular to a wing with the
wing in this position downforce pushes
the car back down and to the right
loading the inside tire and evening out
grip once again the same happens in a
left turn the left wing comes up and
down force pushing down and left loads
the inner tire watch closely the wing
alternates tilting and straightening in
an attempt to keep grip even in the
tires this centripetal or center seeking
wing is so named for its ability to
exert force towards the center
the wing can also pivot forward acting
as an air brake to create more drag and
stop the car
the Zenvo TS RS costs just over 1.7
million only five will be produced per
year
