so what are you most excited about for
the future of chase cards well there's
lots of things I'm excited about in fact
this year we just launched nine new
products so I'm super excited to watch
those grow and then we have a number of
different digital innovations on the
horizon to just make our customer
experience better and better and what
end of the range are the new products
that you launched this year are they at
the high end like sapphire reserve or
are they on the more everyday product
the majority of them were within our
co-brand portfolio and they ranged
across our co-brand portfolio so we did
a new united card just last week a new
Southwest card we did Aer Lingus as an
example and so and then we also
announced a new Inc business card as
well so one on the branded side for
small business the rest on the partner
side and how do you pick partners for
chase cars oh that is a great question
we actually are the number one Co brand
portfolio in the US and super proud of
our partners and so we think about a
number of things one is certainly the
quality of the partner and we have like
I said a tremendous portfolio in terms
of quality of names that we have we also
think about scale of the distribution so
very often when we a chase partner with
other businesses it's often for those
businesses to bring their capabilities
to our distribution in the card business
is actually the other way around so we
want to be able to take advantage of our
partners distribution with our credit
card products and when you think about
how consumers choose cards what do you
think makes them choose one card over
another yeah it's a great question
because we're often asked about our
partner business versus our branded
business and so for us it's about
customer choice in other asset classes
like mortgage for example people
typically have one mortgage they may
have a home equity loan but they
typically have one mortgage or an auto
they have one auto loan with credit
cards people have four or five cards in
their wallet and they're typically quite
deliberate about how they fill their
wallet so a customer may be interested
in a cashback value proposition they may
be interested in a travel and
entertainment value proposition like in
Sapphire or they may have an affinity
for a brand and that may be a hotel it
may be an airline or in our case a
retailer like Amazon and what are you
seeing in fraud in
like in 2018 what fraud should I be
worried about worried about as a credit
card user right
generally speaking well first of all
fraud is something that we will always
always have to be dealing with and it's
a little bit like whack-a-mole in the
sense that if you shut it down in one
place it appears in another and so what
we've seen broadly speaking in terms of
a trend is as we've introduced the new
chip cards as you may know with your own
cards that has dramatically reduced
point-of-sale fraud physical
point-of-sale fraud and counterfeit
fraud because those chips are very very
difficult to replicate and now we see
fraud in the e-commerce space and it's
fraud generally up or down across the
board I would say it has shifted
dramatically and then on average it is
it is it is down but stiff it will
always be elevated and what's the state
of credit in the US and where is that
going so we've really good about the
state of the US consumer right now
balance sheets are very strong the job
market is very strong absolute levels of
debt are increasing but as a percentage
of household income and we call that the
debt service burden of a US household
that is still very manageable so we feel
great about where the US consumer is
right now from a credit perspective it's
critically important for us given the
size of our portfolio that we manage
this on a surgical basis and so of
course there's always going to be
pockets that we're looking at and
pulling back from but generally speaking
feel very good about the US consumer and
in the second quarter results JPMorgan
announced a charge of 330 million a
quarter on people redeeming faster than
anticipated our credit card user is
getting more efficient and smarter is
this gonna be an ongoing trend I think
so I mean it's it's a secular shift in
terms of the value proposition of credit
cards being about the rewards and so I
think customers are just much more aware
of the rewards that are available to
them and therefore using them more for
us it's not about the cost of the points
it's about the increase in redemptions
and so for us that tells us that we have
a more engaged customer and so while a
300 million dollar charge is what it is
to us there's a very good news story in
terms of the engagement that we're
seeing from our customers Sapphire
Reserve
is a great example where we've seen
lower attrition than we had anticipated
and higher engagement than we had
anticipated and in the area of sapphire
reserve cards that like those very
high-end cards is that a profitable
venture and doesn't matter if it is it
is a profitable venture the way you we
have to look at it as at the portfolio
level and so with sapphire reserve
that's that's one example where you have
a de novo product launch that actually
takes years for us to really understand
the returns associated with that product
but certainly they are and can be very
profitable importantly what sapphire
reserve has showed us is is like I said
very low attrition very high engagement
and actually brand equity that is really
hard to quantify
we have an entire sapphire portfolio
outside of sapphire reserve we have
Sapphire Preferred
and then a No Fee product and both of
those we've seen lifts just in terms of
the brand equity that Sapphire Reserve
has created and then of course for us at
JPMorgan Chase these customers are
incredibly value to the valuable to the
broader franchise and so we really think
about it from that perspective as we
think about the potential for the
profitability
