I am Jeffrey Wernick I started buying
Bitcoin in 2009 and I would like to
explain what I think most people get
wrong about cryptocurrency what do you
think most people get wrong about
Bitcoin or cryptocurrency I think for
many people it's the concept seems very
abstract and I think the hardest thing
is for people to understand and I and
and to the extent that they get it wrong
I think probably it's because not enough
people are explaining it very well
because most of it people are explaining
it as a payment mechanism not as a store
value and and why it might be a good
store of value so I think people don't
understand the philosophy behind it
because the people now in the business
were not there in 2009 and 2010 they
wouldn't they didn't care about the
philosophy people have gotten to now
talk more about blockchain than Bitcoin
because they're just looking for an
alternative model to make money and they
don't care about their agnostic to the
initial philosophical framework that
drove people to adopt a Bitcoin to begin
with and kept it alive from 2009 through
2013 or 14 when when all of a sudden
adoption started to grow there was a
small universe of people that actively
worked to keep it alive by continuing to
mine and continuing to buy and they were
doing it because of the concept that
they believed in and that's a people's
money and even what I told you years ago
when I said when you if you buy crypto
all you got to sit back and think about
is don't think about how it's gonna be
priced today and tomorrow first be
prepared to lose everything you invest
in and wait until what ends waiting for
five years and don't even think about
trading it if it comes alive in five
years it's gonna be significantly higher
than it is that they you buy it since
Bitcoin has been created in 2009 its
outperformed every currency even with
government's hostile to it and a
regulatory regime that's an uncertain
regime and the government's have been
designing have have been managing in a
way so people cannot know what to expect
so it's amazing the valuation it has
today given the fact that it's only
faces it only faces headwinds no
tailwind every government throughout the
world is trying to figure out how to
stop and kill Bitcoin I think over five
years you're gonna accumulate a lot more
wealth than you would and any other
alternate
investment but again you don't want to
buy more than you can afford to lose
because I could be wrong and you'd be
making a statement to the government
that says what you're doing is
completely unacceptable cause if you're
thinking about how the financial system
works the financial system punishes the
saver and benefits the borrower but only
benefits a small classification of
borrowers you know I calculated you know
and I have a pretty good net worth I
calculated that if I wanted to buy like
a trophy property in Manhattan that the
course the capital advantage that like
Blackstone has to me I would have to
generate 30% more in cash flows in the
building to just to be able to
compensate for my course the capital
disadvantage relative to Blackstone so
we have to take a look at why so much
wealth concentrated so much wealth is
concentrated because certain are only a
small universe of people have access to
a course the capital that's so much
cheaper than just about anybody else and
that course the capital difference is so
great that basically it means that they
can win and every bid on any any asset
that they're interested in buying and so
there's no competition for buying the
best assets because only a small group
of people have access to the type of
course the capital that's essentially
zero in nature and that's a product of
this financial system it's a product of
the government the government policy
it's a part of the tax code so right now
you used to used to be you can
accumulate some wealth through the power
of compound interest but it's zero
interest rates
you can't compound any wealth anymore
unless you want to take the risk of
going into the markets and everywhere
everybody is warning that the markets
might be overvalued so given the fact
that the carbon capital markets are
overvalued because they're subsidized by
these low interest rates that the
biggest institutions that have the
biggest access to leverage at cost of
capital significantly cheaper than
anyone else can produce then the
question is is what's what for a typical
middle class person how do they
accumulate wealth and I think their only
answer is to put a certain percentage in
crypto they've been some studies that
show that now that if you put five to
ten percent of your money in crypto that
actually on a risk-adjusted basis and
improves your total portfolio returns so
I think everybody should put something
at the crypto
and the people who move first will make
more money than those that move second
and though who make more money than that
most of those third and and eventually
when pretty crypto is broadly adopted
then people start using it as an
exchange and it will no longer be
volatile and pricing it'll be stable and
pricing but I want to be very clear is a
lot of the volatile in pricing has to do
with uncertainty on government policy
towards it so the government is creating
this this instant while the government
is trying to mitigate volatility in
ordinary capital markets they're trying
to exacerbate volatility and crypto
markets
