or a380 has a three class configuration
we have first class and then economy
class in the main deck the foredeck
right here where we are sitting right
now actually these ones are the business
class seats there are 60 in total and
yeah they are the widest it's theories
of the trading in the market
our first-class Suites you can expect
the most luxurious space it has a lot of
amenities from vulgar it has like super
comfortable seats a lot of space it has
the opportunity for the for example in
the in the middle for the seats to be
together so it's amazing for couples or
even for families and we found it the
aircraft really beautiful and really
accommodating to what we need right now
at this moment so we decided to keep it
like that for now
the special aircraft because it's it's
the biggest aircraft it has like so many
possibilities so much space to work on
and the premium capacity of having like
these two floors and and I mean it's
really a good aircraft for us because we
believe it's it's very adaptable to
different type of situations even if
kind of artist wants to make this hole
completely first-class hole completely
business class I mean it's two floors
and there's a lot of things that we can
do it
you
