you won the Nobel Prize for Tata for
your working contract theory can you
tell me at all about what you think
about smart contracts that we're seeing
now are they gonna revolutionize
everything do they solve all the
problems that you were all the problems
you were working on that's right they're
gonna take the prize away
I must admit for first that I'm know
little about smart contracts I'm trying
to to understand more about them too as
I am about a Bitcoin blockchain all the
rest it's all a bit mysterious I'm
doubtful that it's going to be a
cure-all I mean it seems that for some
things it could be quite useful because
it can automate certain things and so
you know some if I have some sort of
insurance contract which says that if
certain event happens then I'm gonna get
paid something then we can sort of make
that automatic so it just comes right
into my account I don't have to check or
on anything or call up the insurance
company and maybe yeah so things like
that can certainly help but they're not
going to solve the problem fortunately
the problems I've been particularly
concerned with contracts that are
written for the long term and where
people people are in long term
relationships and economic relationships
and they're trying to anticipate what
might happen in the future which is very
difficult to do and write a contract
which takes into account these
eventualities they can't do it because
the future is very uncertain many things
can happen that we don't really expect
or predict I don't see how some smart
contracts are going to solve that
problem or to be more concrete and if we
have a long term economic relationship I
think it's important that we're on the
same page we understand each other if
something unexpected comes up we have
some reasonable way of dealing with it
that makes us both comfortable happy I
don't I mean that's much more about
communication between us I think at the
time we write the contract than it is
about any sort of automated device can
you give an example of the types of
incomplete contracts or them and the bad
incentives that those create I use the
example of a power plant that locates
next to a coal mine
and wants to use the coal to burn to
make electricity and this is a real
example I mean there's empirical work on
things like this and the thing is once
you've located next to the mine you
really want that relationship to work
out because they're very costly to now
ship the coal in from somewhere else but
many things can happen during the course
of this relationship so just deciding
ahead of time you know exactly what kind
of coal how much how much I should pay
you and all that very difficult given
that the world's going to be changing
new sources of energy
you know solar solar pairs powers going
to come along and that's going to affect
the industry but we probably can't
anticipate that and write that into the
contract and so later on we may get into
some argument about I want a different
kind of coal and the question is how
much should I pay for it and this can be
you know costly this kind of argument
and and distort incentives and you know
I don't think it's smart you know I'd
love to see a computer solve that
problem but I think we're some way away
from that
