I am Jeffrey Wernick and here's why I
started buying Bitcoin in 2009 we have
been good friends since 2010 and ever
since I've known you you've been telling
me to buy Bitcoin when did you actually
buy Bitcoin I initially got acquired
Bitcoin in 2009 Wow so the first year
that it was around yes and what made you
think that Bitcoin was gonna be the
future well I got Mike that has to go
back prior to Bitcoin itself when in
really with my first interest in hard
money and my interest with hard money
really began in 1971 when Nixon
suspended convertibility of dollars into
gold into dollars and I think of August
of 70 in 1971 I was someone as young as
someone junior high high school action
elementary school I became very kind of
obsessed with the Constitution
the foot of the the initial period and
but and the prior to the Constitution
the Articles of Confederation some of
the debates during the Constitution
between the Federalists and the
anti-federalists and the debates between
Hamilton and Jefferson regarding the
National Bank and also within the
Constitution there was a specific
definition of the dollar in terms of
gold and silver so when that link was
officially terminated in 1971 my belief
was and I was only 15 years old at the
time that that would cause at the
basement of our currency we would have
high inflation and that's when Connelly
famously said that it's it's our
currency but their problem to Europe and
it's also when Simon and Kissinger went
to meet with the Saudis and began the
petrodollars so we had to create another
reason for people to hold dollars since
we could do it through good monetary
fiscal policy we do it through force by
basically having the whole of oil
invoiced invoice in dollars so that way
central banks would not be would not
they would basically collateralized by
oil rather than rather than gold so
where that began the terms of when we
had a period of high inflation and
complete the basement of our car
see and I became very very interested in
basically a strong currency for multiple
reasons because what was one of the
reasons that drove that was we began to
have the periods of deficit finance so
throughout our history we basically had
run reasonably balanced budget and a
reasonably small government and that we
were at war we had the welfare state and
we started running big deficits and the
basing our money so I thought that it
was changing the relationship between
the citizen and the governed and who and
who governs us and I much prefer when a
government gets the consent for the
people for whatever it does and the
consent means I want to spend this money
will you pay the taxes to support this
spending and I think that builds a much
better relationship than one where this
government says I'm gonna spend whatever
I spend but don't worry about it I'm
gonna borrow money and I'm gonna run a
monetary policy that that'll mean that
don't ever worry about you ever thinking
that you'll ever have to pay this debt
off it's all a game anyway
so so that basically has ended the
relationship
now the government can do a lot of
things without the consent of the people
because as long as the people don't have
to pay for it they feel that they're
less interested in it so initially my
interest and it was not just economic it
was also an issue of the fact of what
should what would what would foster a
good relationship between citizens and
and and and the government and if the
government doesn't and that the
government the bases its money
what should the citizen have a right to
do to preserve itself when the
government is acting in the not in the
citizens best interest so so I became
very very interested in the issues of
money and that's also why I chose to
study at the University of Chicago
because you want to go to school where
where was known as the sofware thee
where monetary economics you know Milton
Friedman was there and the monetarist
and the quantity theory of money so I
became very very interested in gold and
monetary theory and I was very anti
Keynesian and very anti against
government trying to manipulate and
manage aggregate demand when I got to
Chicago though I got disappointed
because ultimately I saw at the Chicago
they also like to they also liked to
manage aggregate demand they just sought
fiscal policy was less effect
the monetary policy and so I was very
disappointed with the fact of one is I
really didn't support an independent
central bank if I don't support central
banking to begin with but when I have
central banking I'd rather have it I'd
rather have it accountable to society
than a completely unaccountable you know
run by technocrats for people that had
people that espouse limited government
it's sort of like weird to have a
central bank that hasn't that's not
accountable to anybody or anything so
for me freedom in support of an
independent central bank seems very
inconsistent with his his quote
libertarian rhetoric so I think
ultimately central banking is what's
enabled governments to grow as much as
they have because they enable
governments to spend with absolutely no
discipline involved and what problem
with money does cryptocurrency solve for
you I think that and I think with the
with respect to the several promise
revelations with money to crypto selves
I think first is who issues it okay it's
decentralized so right now nobody knows
who Satoshi is so essentially there's no
author we would deliver the protocol and
we will deliver the protocol with
incentives for people to produce it and
the people produce it just produce it
based upon the design that incentivizes
them to produce it and and the sense of
mechanism is so well designed and that
up to now even though I know some people
are concerned about some level of
concentration that it has avoided a
double spending problem that essentially
it can't be it hasn't been counterfeited
so nobody's been able to go in and
counterfeit the digital currency yet so
we have a currency that can't be
counterfeited that we kind of know the
rules under which I was created and we
know there's a hard budget constraint
how many are going to be issued and it's
and it's and its distribution through
the system is not determined by any
Authority so it's not like somebody says
I want to if I need to if I need to have
economic growth I'm gonna give this
institution money and they're gonna
transmit it to a certain universe of
people okay that ultimately everybody
has the same access to it at any point
in time just different units of it
according to whatever their own personal
budget constraints are but nobody has
privileged access to it except you could
say maybe the miners who pay to blue sit
and they take a business risk associated
with it
and anybody can choose to choose to get
into the mining business so it's a
people's currency it's defined by the
people and it's defined by rules and and
na and na and a protocol that people
trust and I think that's I think in a
world where people don't trust anything
anymore
that it's good to have protocols that
people trust that they control
themselves that are not controlled by
third parties
