where do you draw the line like for a
super aggressive pass that pass was over
the line yeah that's yeah racing you
know sometimes things like that happen
you know
when I'm on the bike try to focus on
myself the heart rate is high the
breathing is high sometimes you battle
with somebody else and there's tensions
and the adrenaline of it is something
unique Monster Energy Supercross ready
to drop the gate on the 450 championship
this is Supercross motorcycle racing
series that fill stadiums across America
at the final round of the 2018 season in
Las Vegas it all comes down to the main
event where one racer would ride off
with a championship bonus worth more
than 1 million dollars this year the
field is narrowed to two men current
points leader Jason Anderson simply
needs to finish in the top 10 and the
championship is his that is unless one
other racer finishes first for the
controversial fridge Supercross star
Marvin moose can it's all or nothing but
moose can better watch his back
because Eli Tomac aims to spoil his run
at the championship
even if Tomac wins the race he won't
have enough points for the championship
or the big money but revenge some would
say that's priceless
the sport of off-road motorcycle racing
or motocross debuted in England in 1920s
by the late 40s that had invaded the US
and in the early 70s the sport moved
into stadiums where became known as
Supercross by the 80s there was a
national obsession it inspired movies
video games
and garnered lucrative sponsorship deals
for the sports biggest stars for today's
super cross athletes the goal is pretty
much the same win races and collect
checks from sponsors welcome Sam Boyd
Stadium here in Las Vegas our 2018
championship weekend like to begin today
by bringing out our athletes are gonna
fill out our stage
first up the rider the number 25 Red
Bull KTM Marvin moose can one of the
sport's biggest stars is 28 year old
Marvin moose can from France on his last
trip to Vegas he hit the jackpot
Marvin moose can wins all three eight
months earlier he won the Monster Energy
Cup and a check for a million bucks
after winning all three main events
what's your mindset coming into tomorrow
night's race one of the most
controversial finishes this season half
a lap to go moose Gann sees his opening
smashes into the side of Tomac takes him
out the
not happy they were booing moose can
moose cans move at Foxboro got him the
win and pushed him into contention for
the championship but it pushed eli tomac
even further out he lied to take us
through and what what happened out there
lap and a half to go and would come
around off the finish line down the
straight and I just got blasted from the
inside in that second turn it was it was
out of nowhere and it was a cheap shot
so what you're just your response to
that yeah I'm sorry about what happened
you know with the crash I mean it could
have been you know bad for me too so you
know for a 450 I win main you know you
sometimes you got you got to try your
hardest and but it's like where do you
draw the line like for a super
aggressive pass that pass was over the
line yeah that's you know racing you
know sometimes we could talk about stuff
like that you know a long time so things
like that happen you know the mindset is
the same as last weekend want to do my
best and see what happened
I'm born on the motocross track my dad
used to race and my brother as well
every single weekend I grew up going to
the races and to the practice track and
from that and you I was I wanted to be a
motocross racer along with racing Marvin
has always had another constant in his
life his wife Matilda who travels with
Marvin on the grueling Supercross tour
we've been together since we were 15
back then I was working for a French
magazine for motocross in with kids and
I just happened to interviewed moment
and that's how it all started we became
friends for a while and then starting
dating and that's it thanks to her
consistent presence on Marvin social
media she's become a star in her own
right she motivates me she keeps me on
track deftly she takes care of me every
single day and she's always supportive
good days and bad days
before the championship event the racers
get a chance to inspect the track and
get in a few practice laps I think
people don't understand we know what the
f he actually goes through on a
motocross bar
the audio part of it is pretty intense
and the heart rates are around 180 put
between hundred and seventy hundred
eighty beats per minute so we've got a
condition
they have to hold it you want to be as
fast as you can for 20 minutes so
definitely if if the breathing gets too
high or you can't relax then then it's
not good so because of the horrid being
so high you have to be a really good
endurance definitely what happened in
Foxborough is following me right now the
crowd was a little tough on me a lot of
booing but I had really great feedback
from my friends like I said I really try
to focus on myself and that actually
gave me more power
let's hear from our boo boo scam
introduced to the ground
Vegas tonight a chorus of who's sorry
before the main event the riders in the
450 class compete in preliminary heats
to determine their position at the
starting line
Eli Tomac would go first
boy let's drop that game
Tomac stumbled out of the gate
trailing big behind the Australian
former champion Chad Reed Tomac soon
gained ground on breed
Tomac came from behind to win his heat
what do you have anything left in the
tank for the big race then it was mu
scans turn
even with overall points leader Jason
Anderson on his tail
Marvin moose can never look back won the
race with ease the main event is
comprised of twenty minutes plus one lap
first across the finish line wins all
Anderson needs to do is finish in the
top ten but if moose can wins he takes
the trophy Jason Anderson and Eli Tomac
looking to be a spoiler on that number
three
Murr skin is right behind
Anderson holding steady in the top ten
it would be a game of cat and mouse
between Tomac and moose can
whose can't get me the closer to Eli
Tomac blueskins stayed on top of Tomac
so they're in Addis trouble now look at
this as they withdrew some lap riders
he's getting get top something is a bit
sure yes skin mousse can make this time
back up does he have it in at the
witness final thing be my tote bag open
it up right there
Bharat moose can try to keep that gap
but the gap never closed
thanks to the speed of Tomac there was
just too much separation
when there is like a bad moment or race
that doesn't go well I know right away
what's going in into his mind
I hate for him to have that feeling you
know I hate it so I just I just want to
console him as much as I can and just
tell him like it's gonna be okay like
there is more races and it's okay to
have a bad one I knew it was going to be
a tough minivan my goal was just to to
keep charging and to keep pushing and
yeah racing it's it's crazy like
anything can happen and then the last
few rounds were able to fight for the
win so that's a really important and
looking forward to the future
