my first day at Nikes campus was
interesting because they didn't give you
direct instructions on where to actually
go they gave you a map and say good luck
I get on the elevator I go up to the
fourth floor
the door is open I look up there's Larry
Miller president of Jordan Brand look to
the right there's Michael I'm in
complete shock so much so that I'm
pressing the button on the elevator
unfortunately it was the wrong button so
the door is doing an awkward motion of
shutting open and as the door is doing
this MJ reaches his hand through the
door and grabs my chest and says are you
the intern so I'm nervous I'm stuttering
I'm worried I'm like this is Michael
Jordan touching me right now this is
crazy but it was fascinating because he
knew my charity he knew where I came
from and he was excited to spend that
moment asking me you know what am I
gonna do with this opportunity and then
when I got to my desk I was told that
hey your assignment is to design lace
tips I didn't realize it was a joke I
figured if I'm here I have to start at
the bottom so I did a thousand sketches
because that was my cadence and after
about two weeks he came back to check on
me cuz he had assumed that I figured out
it was a joke
ended up getting several design patents
for different ways to lace shoes but
what it showed people was my work ethic
and my desire to do whatever I needed to
do to be part of that team when I
received a brief at first my colleagues
kind of made fun of me because it's the
ultimate - ooh it was meant for someone
that was the complete opposite of the
typical Nike muse I knew in my heart in
my mind that I wouldn't be able to work
with an athlete if I first couldn't work
with the people in the community that
actually prepared athletes to become who
they are it wasn't always the person who
was strong and athletic sometime was the
person that was present and endearing
that was a role of the father what we
wanted to do is use comfort as a
performance feature because if this
person is on their feet all day comfort
is the number one feature they care
about they don't have a lot of time so
they want to make a very easy and
frictionless decision JCPenney or Sears
is right around the corner from their
house they want the same shoe at the
same price with the same function all
year long being able to leverage that
archetype of a dad and then do something
that made him feel extremely comfortable
was exactly what I wanted to do to start
my career so step one is doing a
critical analysis of areas that were
already well-regarded by the consumer we
knew that the colors that they love the
white and blue all black and if they
felt fashionable all gray so we wanted
to make sure we didn't temple with the
I was the first piece keep what works we
also kept the whiffs we knew that wide
was was better for this consumer so we
wanted to make sure that we improved on
that the bold move was actually creating
a logo of its own for the footwear we
wanted to brand it as if it was a
signature shoe so we brought in a
different graphic element we improved
the thickness of the tongue because that
was something that the consumers loved
they want him to chunkier tongue we
wanted to make sure that we took the
marshmallow shape and sculpted a little
bit more to make it faster but at the
same time not reduced comfort so it was
pretty fun it was like taking a ball of
clay and just sculpting it subtly to
give it a little bit more shape a little
bit more fun and just enhance everything
that had worked and remove anything that
calls friction for the consumer when I
see people wearing the monarch we did
our job
fortunately enough that product went on
to become one of the highest-grossing
products in the history of footwear now
it's become a cultural icon which is
hilarious but back then we were simply
doing what was right to serve the local
hero
