but when you think about that it just
the argument sort of falls away it
obviously doesn't make sense
can you tell me about your paper and the
premise of it the basic idea it starts
from something that Milton Friedman said
in an article in The New York Times
Sunday magazine surprisingly enough back
in 1970 I think it was he argued that
companies should just devote themselves
to the bottom line because he was
particularly concerned with the issue or
the question whether they should give to
money to charity so that I think was a
time when CEOs were talking a lot about
the broader social purpose of companies
and trying to justify charitable
contributions and fruit Friedman said
this is completely wrong the only
business of business was to make money
and what they show a company rather than
giving money to charity should simply
give that money to shareholders
as a dividend and then they could decide
individually if they wanted to give to
charity so he wasn't saying you know
that charity wasn't important he just
said companies don't have a comparative
advantage in giving to charity I think
it's quite a compelling argument when it
comes to charities but I think people
have taken this argument too far so what
we do in this paper is we say let's
consider other cases for example we use
these take the case of a company like
Walmart or actually this has been very
much in the news Dick's Sporting Goods I
think change their policy on selling
guns so suppose the question is you know
you can make money by selling assault
rifles the Freedman argument would be I
mean maybe some of the shareholders care
about gun control his argument would
have to be to just you know if it's a
profitable strategy to sell high-powered
guns then the company should do it pay
shareholders extra dividend and then
shareholders individually if they want
to give that money to gun control
organizations can do so but when you
think about that it just the argument
sort of falls away it obviously doesn't
make sense because it could be much more
efficient
if the shareholders want gun controlled
it would be maybe much more efficient
for dick simply not a Walmart to sell
the weapons in the first place or to
take another example think of a company
polluting a lake you know maybe they can
make some extra money by doing so and
maybe it's it's not illegal because we
don't have very strong regulations
whatever
so the Freedman argument would be make
the money by polluting the lake give the
money to the shareholders and then let
them if they won't clean up the lake but
it could be much more costly to clean up
the lake after you polluted it then not
to pollute it in the first place so we
argue in you know given that situations
like that are going to arise
shareholders of companies who have
pro-social concerns and we think
shareholders do because they're just
ordinary individuals and individuals in
their own private lives seem to be not
just interested in the bottom line so if
that's the case then they're gonna want
the companies they invest in also not to
be just interested in the bottom line so
the conclusion is that this idea which
seems to have taken hold that companies
should be all about making money that
and that indeed managers the CEO have it
they have a fiduciary duty to their
shareholders to be concerned only with
the bottom line we think this is wrong a
serious mistake actually if they want to
act be loyal to their shareholders which
is what's I do tree duty means they
should actually ask them what they want
that's the loyal thing to do rather than
just assume that it's it's making money
at the expense of all else
