this is intelligent investing presented
by fidelity investments there are two
big things impacting stocks this week
earnings and Treasury yields and it's
creating a bit of a tug of war for
stocks on Tuesday the 10-year yield hit
3% for the first time since 2014 stocks
dropped in response to crossing what
some investors view as a very important
threshold for yields rising yields can
hurt spending as some consumers and
corporations allocate more to repaying
debt than they do to spending on other
things
Fidelity director of global macro EURion
timur says even with four point one more
hikes over the next two years a move
beyond three point one or three point
two percent doesn't seem likely unless
the forward curve keeps pricing in more
and more hikes of course which is always
a risk given that Fed dots are
suggesting five more with upside risk to
six tighter financial conditions put
pressure on valuations but strong
earnings growth can help offset this
impact
I spoke with Timur two weeks ago before
the start of earnings season and he said
if earnings stay in the high teens we
could have what he calls a benign
valuation reset where multiples
compressed but stock prices still rise
here's what he said he was watching for
this earnings season so it's interesting
because generally the earnings estimates
if you look at the aggregated consensus
numbers they tend to start high and
drift lower I mean that's sort of in a
hallmark of earnings season but this
time around this will be the first
quarter since the corporate tax cut and
the estimate is for 17 percent
year-over-year growth and that estimate
has been rock-solid now for probably at
least four or five weeks so it's really
interesting how it has not drifted down
and the same thing is true for q2 which
is pegged at 19 percent right now so
what I'm looking at for earnings season
which of course is starting now is a to
see whether the companies will deliver
that 17 percent and my my guess is that
they are because generally if they're
not going to they will guide lower you
know nobody likes surprises but more
importantly will they guide towards the
next quarter
lower the same or higher this chart
shows how earnings estimates for the
last four quarters drifted lower in the
weeks before the companies were
but if you look at the q1 earnings
estimate they were solid and rising in
the weeks leading up to this season and
now a week or so into earnings that
number has jumped up well above 18% and
q2 earnings estimates have drifted
higher and remained solidly at 19
percent Timur says strong earnings can
go a long way in offsetting the
inevitable tightening of financial
conditions that tends to accompany the
late cycle and with the 10 year above 3%
we can use all the help we can get
you
