well I think Milani is actually the best
aspect if you like off the Trump
presidency I mean as a matter of fact
she's the only really the member of his
entire retinue that seems to be able to
comport herself with a certain amount of
dignity
she doesn't leak she doesn't gossip she
doesn't embarrass herself she simply
keeps herself completely private and
hasn't yet made the kinds of mistakes
that pretty much everybody else has made
around Trump and of course massively so
himself so actually Melania weirdly is
turning out to be I think a big asset to
Trump in the White House and probably
were the only one afterwards who's got a
kind of reputation left in my judgment I
mean I think she's quite an interesting
figure actually well I would actually
assign a major reporting piece on
Melania I mean no one really has done
the deep deep dive into who Melania is
and how she has negotiated that spot as
Donald Trump's wife you know how does
she endear it and what is the deal she's
made with herself and what are her plans
after the presidency I mean that is a
piece I would really love to read
