and naturally when you're into cars you
got to be into fixing and repair work so
you pick up a lot of skills with that
with welding and fabricating and
machining it just builds on top of that
initially I wanted to you know across
the lakes I have a boat of some kind and
it just always seemed like a good idea
to have a car that could go in the water
I couldn't afford to buy one obviously
in there isn't actually that many around
that you can buy this function so you
got to build it so that's what I did
I got the houseboat as a rusted-out
project that somebody had given up on
and I kind of did my brainstorming I had
initially had no intention of making an
amphibious or anything like that we came
up with putting you know wheels on it
and making it amphibious and we switched
around for some parts found this old
sprayer basically had everything we
needed to put the thing the conversion
together
pressures on whether or not it works and
that and thankfully it did it worked
flawless and had a great great turnout
everybody had a good time and we got to
go boating that was fun
so the next activity is vehicle I'm
gonna be building is uh it's gonna be an
all-aluminum body vehicle I'm basically
just gonna build it from scratch it's
gonna be three wheels
hopefully super light and hopefully
super fast that's the plan
