Warren Buffett is a very unique and very
special guy and he is a charitable
person one of the charities that he
notes money to is Glide and it is in San
Francisco
he offered going back about ten years to
have lunch with anyone that would pay
for it so he auctioned himself off and
he raised I believe $25,000 to have
lunch with Warren Buffett I heard about
it got his phone number by the way that
took at least a year to get his phone
number because I didn't want to just
call up the company but I did get his
phone number and when I called him he
actually answered the phone himself he
said hi this is Warren and I was sort of
stumped for words I couldn't quite
believe that I had Warren Buffett on the
telephone and I said Warren this is
Allen Stillman I own some restaurants
called Smith and I never got to say the
last word he said and Wilensky I said
that's correct how do you know he says
all I come into a couple of your
restaurants I said really I have an idea
he said what's that I said I want to
donate an additional and I don't
remember exactly the number but I think
was $25,000 for you to come to New York
and have lunch at Smith lamanski and I'm
going to give to your favorite charity
glide $25,000 it took him about maybe
five seconds to say you mr. Stillman had
the deal you put it together and I'll be
there well the first time that he did
that
it went for a million dollars and since
that time it's gone for two and a half
and three million dollars so that
currently he does it once a year he
comes to Smith olenski has lunch and I
suspect that this year won't be any
different it's going to go for two and a
half or three million dollars you can
bring six or seven friends and Warren
himself will absolutely have lunch with
you and you can ask him anything you
want unless it pertains to the stock
market he's not interested in giving you
hints on the stock market but anything
you'd like to know come to split that
one ski have lunch with Warren and lay
your check on the table for two and a
half or three million bucks and he's
there and he shows up in a yellow cab
and it gets out of yellow care and what
you see with Warren Buffett is what you
get born when he comes to lunch what is
a steak but always with diet coke and
diet coke is his drink of choice and he
drinks lots of the beads I think he
drinks three four five diet cokes a day
and he can't finish a good steak and he
likes a good state he is one of the most
phenomenal people you'd ever meet and
whatever he is saying is what he
honestly believes he is not anybody that
will tell any stories out of line and he
has been one of Smith olinsky's great
supporters
you
you
