I'm Darshini David I'm a broadcaster
economist and author of the almighty
dollar
in many ways it might seem like the
obvious thing the euro is used by more
people than there are Americans using
dollars so surely that should mean that
the euro becomes a dominant currency
right I mean after all both trading
blocks are made up of very big spenders
indeed so surely the Euro should be in
ascendancy hasn't quite happened just as
yet what we've seen is the Euro when it
was launched was launched as a currency
that represented a very disparate range
of countries with very different
fortunes and that meant because you had
to have one interest rate to represent
all those countries what you saw was
their economies doing wildly different
things you had an interest rate that was
set to suit the economies largely of the
largest countries like Germany in France
so whereas you needed relatively low
interest rates because he had problems
of German unemployment that meant there
was property boom in Dublin instead
because the Irish economy needed much
higher interest rates so what you have
there was a set of economies all pulling
in different directions which damaged
initial confidence in the euro and
perhaps things would have settled down
but along then came the financial crisis
and there were concerns after that about
some of the members of the eurozone in
particular of course that Greece and
whether that could upset the whole
project so that's brought questions of
the stability of the euro and also its
future as well so at the moment you're
seeing is the fact that the euro hasn't
really become that challenged the dollar
that indeed many thought it would do in
fact many central bankers when the euro
was launched around the turn of the
millennium
what did express openly there can
that this could threaten the dollars
position not quite yet who might see
actually you armed gets them from the
Europe well the euro always was going to
be an experiment and it's bit harsh to
judge the fate of the euro rather
whether or not it's been a success on
the back of frankly a few years
experience we'll the Euro lost
well it's lost and so far and I think
it's been through a pretty major test
over the last decade when you look at
what happened with a financial crisis if
you look at what happened with Greece in
particular and the way that Germany and
the richer neighbors had to turn around
and say well what are we going to do
about this crisis I think it's going to
last but we've seen what's happened with
breakfast and that curd of course
whose nerves and restless across the
continent we're seeing it already so I
don't think you can take anything for
granted when it comes to the year but I
think for it to fall apart now for
indeed and in the future would be
absolutely catastrophic for the
economy's concerns I think what you'd
see with central bankers and politicians
doing everything they can to ensure that
this experiment does continue for a
while at least
you
you
