the willingness to fail led me to some
of my greatest successes I was really
tired of the roller coaster no I wanted
off and I was looking to transition into
another career and Stuart said you can
do that but I'd love to see you try
first I'd love to see you try before you
quit and this is after 12 years in the
business already looked at him like he
was crazy he said I think you're sitting
at home on your couch waiting for the
phone to ring the phone didn't ring so
what did you do today you have no
control over the incoming call you have
no control over the opportunities that
will come to you but you have all the
control over how you spend your day and
what you put your energy toward more
often than not what I've found in my
particular path is it really was just
the willingness to fail willingness to
fail didn't actually lead to failure in
some way it led to these moments of real
change when oh that's
I thought the limit of my ability was
right here but it's actually it's a lot
farther I didn't realize that the that
the ceiling was so high you don't find
that out until you're willing to fall on
your face trying to tap it what I saw on
that last row at Vassar was something
daring and fresh you know the first
eight bars in that show is like some of
its some of the best writing for the
theater ever and that was just the first
song you know the fact that it kept
topping itself that it sustained that
level of excellence was astonishing
three four months later I got an email
from Lynn I was getting a group of
people together to read through it and
because I had seen it you know I thought
I had such a leg up only in that I knew
what a wonderful opportunity he was
offering me which seems obvious now the
shows so ubiquitous and it's having such
a wonderful life it can seem like oh
that it was a given that it was going to
be successful but in all of us we were
turning down work
and making ourselves available for this
off-broadway hip-hop musical about the
founding fathers people were looking at
us like we were crazy looking us like we
were out of our minds and he happily did
it because we believed in it the biggest
highlight was the White House for sure
with that president that firstly they
meant so much to me and to my cast mates
to have 40 minutes of his their
undivided attention is a chance to
change the world because we might do
something today that lodges somewhere in
his heart her heart back of their mind
they might see something today we might
touch them in a way today that affects
how they make a decision tomorrow in
this business that is like the highest
honor and the the greatest platform I
I've ever felt that we've had to to make
a difference the thing that I learned
the most from that was from that whole
Hamilton experience was the importance
of the willingness to risk I walked away
from my television show and a guaranteed
contract for half a million dollars and
people thought I was nuts and maybe I
was maybe I was a little crazy but the
bigger the risk sometimes the bigger
they would work
