it has been devastating to Ohio it's
been devastating the West Virginia it's
been devastating the New Hampshire in
other places in the United States we're
working with across the board on a lot
of different issues from prevention to
working with law enforcement to rehab
and treatment
one of the issues really is that quite
simply people are shipping these drugs
from places around the world through the
United States Postal Service and so we
need to have a better monitoring
mechanism in place to be able to try to
track in you're really trying to find a
needle in a haystack but there are ways
to do that and try to limit the ability
of these drug dealers to ship their
product right through the United States
Postal Service we have an obligation to
do that that is why effective today my
administration is officially declaring
the opioid crisis a national public
health emergency under federal law and
why I am directing all executive
agencies to use every appropriate
emergency authority to fight the opioid
crisis this is a huge task and the real
problem is that the president while he
did declared a public health emergency
there's absolutely no money that goes
along with that declaration so we've got
to have the resources in place and that
includes being able to have a more
sophisticated way of monitoring things
that are coming in through the United
States Postal Service
you
