you have this interesting legend of the
time you were summoned to Apple Steve
Jobs you know what I'm gonna ask you
what happened what what and then how
does that relate to where you're at
today
well I we had um Steve had heard about
Dropbox and yeah we arrived at one
infinite loop and he started by telling
us that we started the meeting he's like
you've built a great product and so you
can imagine kind of bucket list like ok
yeah and then it's actually pretty we
were interested in building the company
and we weren't looking to sell so the
formal part of the conversation was
pretty quick but um but ya know it's
been it's been a while a wild ride for
sure
right so I the legend goes he said not
so subtly that well we're just gonna
have to crush you guys and put your and
ten or so years later you're here how
did that feel do you feel vindicated by
that at all yeah I mean we've it feels
great
I mean we're really proud of the
business that we've built and and I'm
just really proud of of the team can
then sort of the culmination of a lot of
hard work by many people so just feeling
really excited and really grateful great
and so you're here now
speaking of Apple though and these other
giants so this industry is dominated by
four or five big players and it seems
like everyone else is kind of fighting
over whatever is left how do you compete
in that environment where there's so
much power influence than just a handful
of players how do you stay afloat well
we stay close to our customers and and
when I sit and round tables with
customers they show me their phones and
they got all the they've cut products
from everyone right they kept Dropbox
they got all the Google products they
got all the Microsoft products and they
turn to us and they're like hey can
someone build a cloud to sink my clouds
and so we provide a route that that's
our strength is that we help tie
everything together and and we found
that the while there's overlap with with
the larger companies folks like
Microsoft and Google have become
partners over the years and what does
that partnership look like when you
partner with an apple or you partner
with Google what does that look like to
me as a user well when you open an
office document in Dropbox you can then
open it in the native apps on the phone
and vice further and then Dropbox can be
is a place where you can put all of your
information so we certainly want we we
share a lot of users with between
Dropbox and any major product and so
those integrations are really valuable
and we want to make sure that our shared
experience is good
so going into today your IPO day there
was a little bit of worry about your
valuation how it seemed like you might
be IP owing at a price under the
valuation you were at a few years ago
which is reportedly 10 billion today how
do you feel now that uh I think it was
up the stock is up about forty some odd
percent approximately up to 12 billion
evaluation how does that feel I mean
again we're really proud of the business
we've built and one thing I tell the
team is you know get used to the stock
going up and down this will be a this
will be hit normal everyday occurrence
and so you know whatever the whatever
the price is today it'll be something
different tomorrow so that's outside of
our control so we what I really will
make sure that the team stays focused on
is that our customers don't really care
for a public or private they just want a
great experience and it's and they're
the ones who are that the foundation of
the business we're building so we need
to stay focused on keeping our customers
happy and building the best products do
you see yourselves as kind of a
bellwether for the next round of big
unicorn IPOs you know the Airbnb E's and
Spotify xand and lifts over the world
who are thinking about IP owing soon
into this kind of shaky market right now
do you see yourself as a bellwether
stock for that I mean I think we're I
think we're all excited about the this
cohort of companies and and I'm looking
forward to seeing Daniel take Spotify
public and you know a lot of these
founders are my friends and so it's it's
certainly a lot of fun to watch and
watch them scale their businesses I want
to read you something that I think you
probably have already read but okay one
of your competitors
Aaron Lee view from box he wrote a op-ed
or open letter in Axios a couple weeks
ago he said quote if you look at the
past ten years of headlines from Dropbox
every six months there's a new push into
business they've had multiple heads of
sales they've had multiple go to market
efforts this is largely a critique I
guess
your enterprise business how do you
respond to that is your enterprise
different are you competitors with box
in that sense an enterprise or what's
your approach to enterprise well we I
think one thing that everybody now is
starting to better understand is we we
have a lot of enterprise customers we
just don't have an in a traditional
enterprise model and so what does that
mean what what yeah we think about we
think about basically applying the
applying of the consumer internet HANA
playbook to business software and our
business it's it's we've got a really
interesting hybrid model because we have
we're taking are the best of our
consumer roots so the virality and scale
and then combining it with the
predictability and monetization of a SAS
company and the combination is really
powerful so we are the fastest SAS
company to a billion run rate and we're
able to acquire hundreds of thousands of
paying businesses without having a huge
sales team so we like to say our 500
million registered users are our best
salespeople shifting gears a little bit
I want to talk about diversity and
gender assurance in in the valley I
don't know if you've read it but I was
really into this book by Emily Chang
from Bloomberg growtopia and one of the
things they talked about in there was
you know it's kind of a slow-moving
thing you guys have released diversity
numbers before pretty much in line with
a lot of your peers and in the in the
valley one of the solutions presented in
that book I'm curious for your take on
this is the gender pay gap is how it's
one of those things sure recruiting
might take time years even and I know
you're involved in efforts to help out
with that and we can talk about that but
when it comes to gender pay isn't that
something that can be fixed now you can
literally just flip a switch oh
absolutely
data talked a little bit about how
you're thinking about that yeah I mean I
would say more broadly we bought a rush
and I have always wanted my co-founder
and I have always wanted Dropbox to be a
great place to work for everyone and we
certainly believe that to people doing
the same work should be compensated the
same way so I agree there there a
certain you know wall as an industry we
have a long way to go there are
certainly things that are directly
within companies control and so by all
means we've within our company we take a
close look at
at equity between our gender pay equity
and it's in and I think everybody every
company should and on the diversity and
this week it came out that you're part
of this new initiative that yeah it's
pretty interesting this idea that if
your startup seeking funding you won't
accept the money unless there's good
representation from the VC firm talk
about what that's called and how you got
involved
yeah it's called founders for change and
I think again along the same lines we
want it was so much of America so I'm
just at Silicon Valley is based on this
idea of equal opportunity and I think we
want all of us want the valley to intact
to be a place where that is true and we
want it within our companies and we want
we want that same equal opportunity when
it comes to our investors so it's a
large group of founders and we got
introduced through it through Sequoia
who's our was our first venture capital
backer so I think it's a really it's I
think it's great that the founders in
the community can come together and try
to move things forward and is the idea
are here to start it with maybe smaller
startups and we're building themselves
when the ground up is that why you're
doing it the Ribisi firms yeah I think
well the the if all the founders can
come together as a community and agree
like this is the world we want to live
in this is what we want our funding
landscape to be with that's something
that we hope the investment community
would pay attention to I want to talk
about Salesforce so I think it was last
week or a few days ago we learned about
this hundred million dollar investment
yeah
people started raising questions does
that mean an acquisition it seems like
they're kind of hungry to acquire
companies they just had a big
acquisition earlier this week as you
probably know how do you view with this
big investment do you see them as a
partner still obviously but as a
potential merger down the road it's it's
an evolution of our partnership and a
pretty big one
so yeah mark and I have been friends for
a long time and and I really admire
everything that he's done with
Salesforce and you know when I look at
their path from a billion to two billion
to five billion 10 billion in revenue I
think there's a there's a lot of
important lessons there for for SAS
companies and for our company and so
Mark's been excited by Dropbox for a
long time so I think that the investment
is a reflection that he's excited about
where Dropbox is headed and and it's a
great way for us to have an umbrella to
do more together on the partnership
front so a lot of lot coming on the
product integration front some
interesting go to market opportunities
so we have our median customer tends to
be a little different and so Salesforce
or this partnership can be over time a
way for us to reach or to drive a drive
adoption among larger customers and and
vice versa so we have a lot of smaller
businesses where and the Salesforce is
looking at SMB is a vector for growth's
and so over time I think there's a lot
more we can do on many funds so there's
that partnership again with the bigger
guys right yeah and then finally I want
to talk about this week Mark Zuckerberg
came out and part of that interview
really stuck out to me was this notion
that he's a little bit more open to
regulation which is the first I've heard
from a major tech CEO about even being
open instead of self-regulating maybe we
should be regulated have you thought
about that at all I know you're not even
closer on the scale or even the same
kind of business as these social media
companies but just broadly industry-wide
what do you think regulation could or
should look like well I think the if you
look at any other sector and you look at
our market that government is an
important voice in these conversations
and so how is the policy going to evolve
and I think that's gonna that's gonna be
something unfolds over in many years I
also think that companies should be we
shouldn't wait for that like I think we
we all realize that it's critical that
we that we trusts all the services we
use and that's certainly top of mind for
us as you can imagine and our customers
that they're security and privacy and so
so you know I think the what the
government does from a policy standpoint
from regulation standpoint I think can
go a lot of different directions but we
want to make sure that we and whether as
a private company or a public company
that we're doing everything we can to
keep our users information safe and
earning their trust and then finally I
read this really interesting profile
about you in the New York Times a week
or two ago
and have this vision of you in your
apartment
singing Pearl Jam tired oh is that is
that true and and what tell me about
this Pearl Jam obsession we have yeah so
I loved in high school I loved a lot of
90s rock was really the first your honor
of music I really got into and and so we
actually the the formal name of the
company was Evenflo incorporated because
we weren't sure if we'd be able to get
Dropbox com the domain name so I'm like
alright let's leave our options open so
yeah I love I love music in general but
it's been and but the Nate or the
company was technically named after
Pearl Jam song I think the first check I
think they Y Combinator's tweeting it
today right and it says right there yeah
and we actually got the gut the Pearl
Jam guys to or they they and they
invested in Dropbox a few years ago so
is that like a dream come true that it
takes like more than IPO general council
Pearl Jam check yeah my general counsel
was like well this is one way to get any
better signature so yeah it's been it's
been fun to get to get to wash and play
and get different musicians involved in
the company
you
you
