Russia takes a broader view of what it
considers to be terrorist groups than
the United States does I tend to find
that Russia's interests in Syria are
pretty clear and they're they're as
follows one they're supporting an ally
Bashar al Assad's government is under
attack first by popular uprisings and
then by terrorist groups and other armed
groups backed by countries in the region
and they're not going to let them fall
the Russians are concerned that if Assad
fell that you would either have a group
that in power that included the
jihadists who would be inimical to US
and Russian and other interests actually
or you would have in destabilize a
continually destabilized state that
allowed these terrorist groups to
continue to there's a counterterrorism
piece this is what the Russians tell the
Americans when they we talk about Syria
with them they say Moscow shares
Washington's interests in combating
terrorist groups like Isis and al-qaeda
that's true to a certain extent although
Russia takes a broader view of what it
considers to be terrorist groups and the
United States does it is more inclined
towards Assad's definition which is any
armed group which opposes him rather
than the strict UN definition which
would be Islamic state al Qaeda but it
is correct to say that Russia also
supports counterterrorism activity
third is challenging the u.s. role and
the kind of lesson learned from the
previous era Russia went along with the
UN resolution which allowed what was
then called the right to protect use of
force in Libya during the Obama
administration and that ended up leading
to the downfall of Qaddafi and we saw
what happened there
Russia is not ever going to let that
happen again
they're going to try to prevent actually
any US or other military intervention
that could destabilize a friendly state
it's kind of a demonstration of fact to
the rest of the Middle East Russia
stands by its allies in the region
people people take note of that when
Assad was on the ropes
Russia's stepped up with a substantial
military power to keep him in power the
Iranians - but it was the Russian
initiative in Russian air power which
has been instrumental in Assad's ability
to hang on
you
you
