we're at Olive Garden in Times Square
and we heard about this ball keep the
bowl and we're free to try it oh great
great
absolutely I can't wait
what have you heard about the bolt I've
heard that it's it's getting really
popular it's something new for Olive
Garden which is sort of known for its
old-school specialties sling - chicken
cacciatore and the five-cheese ZD and
they're kind of like branching out a
little bit since Egyptian this is gonna
be very angry old from Olive Garden sort
of counselors across the country because
it's not much alike and overbearing at
all you like soft you like people and
you like cheese there's really no reason
you shouldn't like it
I enjoyed the teas I felt like it could
have been a little more melting still
still good with the sauce and meatball
ratio the entire bottom of the bowl is
all cheese I'm a man open I love cheese
it's where does you get deep little
deeper and you start to combine the
cheese with the meatballs and get a
little bit more exists a little bit more
of that flavor because I've poins the
depths of the bowl that's where I found
the real supporting
me I feel like it's missing just a
little bit of a kick maybe you could
just jazz it up with a few red pepper
flakes or something like that but yeah
just to kick it up a notch
but the Part B parsley in here is giving
it a little a nice little seasoning so
it there is there's definitely some some
strong flavor here normally try to stay
away from the bread in excess I try to
keep it a no red zone in BZ hashtag nbz
but this just makes me break all my
rules yeah this is dangerous so good and
addictive I think this is something that
will attract a lot of people is
attracting a lot of people because it's
literally what all fun is known for its
basically a bread stick in a bowl form
which obviously everyone knows
breadsticks are amazing and then a ton
of cheese mini meatballs and a good
seasoning on top it's like if you're
looking for a hearty filling finishable
lunch and I think this is this is what
the bread bowl is the thing I love about
this and it's that you discover as this
Bowl evolves is that it started out as a
bowl but as I started to rip into it and
rip the bread bowl and sort of break it
down look at this it's now a pizza we
have seen a metamorphosis leave that
that's a delicious New York slice right
there it hits all the boxes for me if I
were to come to an Olive Garden this is
kind of what I would be looking for
you
