they are like look at our first
respondent in New York always help the
victim of the 9/11 s-- the people always
have the braveness and the
responsibility to help the others and
because this is their neighborhood their
city their village they start from
people who is feel like they are
responsible about saving their children
their neighbors their friends and most
of them like well known in their
community respectful because they have
the access to the victim bodies that's
mean they need a lot of trust
and the Syrian regime is controlled by
variations obviously for us the Syrian
we saw like a picture of Putin next to
Assad and they try like to show you that
nobody can whatever they did in this is
country nobody can change anything
and all this is propaganda that attack
them which is like very strange you know
there's Isis and there is many tourism
group the interest more attacking the
white homes and more than the other
present group they make this his people
the group of the people they who saved
more than one hundred thousand lives is
is their enemy every like comment about
the film there is this the Russians
hikers coming and writing something
against this is film and showing
different pictures that it's manipulate
the story when you search about last
minute where you see like 80 percent
against the film 20 percent it show you
like some comment some positive comment
and that impactful actually impactful
and with many people's like that they're
coming to you and ask you how I can
believe this this is I heard Isis could
be like made in Hollywood or made like
for the Americans or made like for for
different Western parties now we are
fake news maker or whatever because
we're just telling the truth
generally if you ask any Syrian what do
you want he said I want justice I want
freedoms and I want equality and I want
respected for my dignity and I want to
feel if say a safe nobody want to take
this journey and drone in the military
ins nobody want to sacrifice in itself
and nobody want to kept doing
you
