leftover women in China are a streams
by-product or aftershock of the one tell
policy even China's traditional
preference for boys do you have a
surplus of boys mainly concentrated in
rural areas of China where parents were
most keen to have a boy because they
needed him for the farm and tradition
just also wait a bit more heavily and
they wanted a son there were girls born
under this period of time and they
happen to be born primarily in urban
areas where parents were a bit more
open-minded and they said all right
we've got a daughter we got a daughter
we're gonna raise her as if she were son
so we're going to give her every
opportunity to study and and achieve and
we're gonna push her heart to bring
honor to our family and as a result you
have China's first generations of only
daughters who are this kind of very fine
silver lining of an otherwise kind of a
very gruesome cloud of a one-child
policy who got access to unprecedented
opportunities before when young people
live closer to their parents they had
that network of parents and relatives
who could constantly supply them with a
pool of potential matches to consider
and ultimately get them married people
are moving away further from home to
study into work which means that that
network doesn't stretch this farm there
are Chinese dating apps some of the more
established ones are more
marriage-minded
you have other dating websites that are
more hookup minded I mean there's a
variety
the difference between what they're
doing and what their parents would like
them to do is they're continuing to live
their lives as they search for someone
well as their parents kind of freak out
it's kind of like wait stop everything
find a partner and then resume and
that's not something they're willing to
do because they've done so much to get
where they are so they're treading this
delicate balance of remaining filial and
being dutiful daughters which many of
them want to be but also carving out
lives that are more in tune with their
own expectations and their own potential
the fact that now a woman can exist
without being married is is a bit
destabilizing especially for a culture
where an economy has grown very quickly
but the culture has is still struggling
to catch up to the new economic and
demographic reality of China there is
bling in China there is money in China
and that's all a part of the tremendous
economic growth that the country is seen
and it's remarkable to see that women
have been a part of it
and a lot of the women who are China's
self-made female billionaire were born
during the Cultural Revolution that's a
very special time in China allowing
these women to you know to work and
achieve their full professional and
earnings potential will be good for the
country going forward who else is going
to be having babies for China if not
it's women so you need to first of all
not call them names that would be a good
start and then think about changing
attitudes towards them giving them more
forgiving timelines for marriage and
motherhood and also from a professional
perspective make it possible for them to
pursue a professional career and also
have a rewarding family life
