the fake news problem on social media is
not going away we learned that firsthand
in the wake of the Florida shooting that
took 17 lives after the shooting a lot
of student activists from the school
started speaking out for more gun
control one of their students was David
hog hog has appeared on many news
outlets and eventually conservatives
started to take notice and some
conservatives started to promote a new
conspiracy theory that hog was a paid
actor to promote liberal agendas like
gun control at first those conspiracy
theories kind of bubbled under the
surface until it broke through on
YouTube YouTube promoted a video saying
hog was a paid actor as the top video on
it's trending section with an hours
YouTube caught the mistake and said it
was their fault YouTube said its
algorithm detected that the video was an
authoritative news source and therefore
was able to make it through to the top
of the trending section but that's not
where the problem ended if you search
for david hogs name on youtube dozens of
videos came up propagating the same
conspiracy theory it happened on
facebook - and the trending section on
facebook if you clicked on david hogs
name you saw some legitimate news
articles about him but he also saw a lot
more of the same conspiracy theory as we
were seeing on youtube and a lot of
Fringe conservative websites Facebook
called that content abhorrent and a
product manager told me they were taking
it down but this gets to a larger issue
every time a major news event happens
especially tragedies like mass shootings
the social networks are perverted and
abused to promote conspiracy theories
like the one we saw about david hog and
it goes to an even deeper problem big
tech companies like to say that their
platforms can't be quote arbiters of the
truth and that really means they view
the truth as subjective instead of
objective and if they're starting from a
point where the truth is subjective
there's no way the fake news problem can
actually be fixed Facebook is trying to
play the role where users decide what
are trusted and authoritative news
sources for example Facebook is issuing
surveys to users asking if they believe
certain outlets are trusted and a
the rotative sources however they
haven't said how they're going to
prevent these surveys from being gamed
it could easily lead to more fake news
in your newsfeed one of the best ways to
combat this problem will take an entire
rethinking of the way these tech
platforms operate they need to realize
they have the same responsibilities that
traditional news organizations have that
means editors that means fact checkers
that means people monitoring the content
to make sure what gets out there is as
close to the truth as possible and when
they mess up there need to be
consequences just like there are
consequences for normal media
organizations when a journalist screws
up he has to issue a correction he gets
fired we don't see those kind of
repercussions with social media both
Facebook and YouTube have said they're
going to hire thousands of human content
monitors to address this issue but so
far we haven't seen any indication that
that is working we don't know who these
content monitors are what rules are
operating under and even if they're
full-time employees of these companies
Facebook Google Twitter they're all
operating from a standpoint that the
truth is subjective and until they
change that mindset the fake news
problem can't be fixed
