this is intelligent investing presented
by fidelity investments market
volatility has calm slightly since it's
spiked earlier this year but it seems
most people believe 2018 will be much
more volatile than 2017 even if stock
prices move higher including Fidelity's
director of global macro Yuri and Timur
and don't expect the Fed to get timid
about rate hikes because of market
volatility on Tuesday new Fed chair
Jerome Powell said recent volatility
won't stop rate hikes
so volatility is back or coming back and
the Fed isn't gonna try to stop it so
how can you prepare your portfolio for
volatility according to a recent note
from fidelity viewpoints when markets
get choppy it pays to have an investing
plan and stick to it dramatic moves in
the market can make you question your
strategy and as and Oudh certified
financial planner and vice president at
fidelity investments puts it a natural
reaction to that fear might be to reduce
or eliminate any exposure to stocks
thinking will stems for their losses and
calm your fears but that may not make
sense in the long run market drops may
sting but history shows that the US
stock market has been able to recover
with positive long-term returns in fact
over the past 35 years the stock market
has dropped an average of 14 percent
from its high low in each calendar year
but has still had a positive annual
return eighty percent of the time and
trying to time the market and feeling
can really cost you it would be great to
avoid down days but it's hard to predict
which will be the best and worst days
and missing the best days can have a
huge impact on your portfolio $10,000
invested in the SP in 1980 has grown to
$600,000 today but if you just missed
the 5 best days that would cut your
value down to 400,000 and missing the 10
best days would cut the value of your
portfolio in half missing the 30 best
days would leave you with only a hundred
and seventeen thousand dollars so avoid
getting whipsawed and have a plan and
stick to it
you
