sometimes the people that are that are
telling these players to shut up and
dribble the basketball are less informed
than players are oh and LeBron and Kevin
you're great players but no one voted
for you
millions elected Trump to be their coach
so keep the political commentary to
yourself or someone once said shut up
and dribble people saw the box players
in and I guess for their own comfort put
them in a category so that they you know
this they watch LeBron James for
entertainment not for his opinion is
what the person who told him to shut up
and play basketball would say and I
would argue that sometimes the people
that are that are telling these players
to shut up and dribble the basketball
are less informed than players are and
just because you stand you sit behind a
news desk or you sit behind any desk and
spew off a few facts that somebody else
probably looked up for you does not make
you any more qualified than anyone else
to have these conversations especially
on the impact of these protests and the
social climate that everybody has to
live in
you
