this is intelligent investing presented
by fidelity investments inflation is a
big worry for the stock market it eats
away at corporate profits and could
force the Fed to raise rates faster than
its currently forecasting after about 35
years of generally falling inflation
signs of an uptick has unnerved
investors inflation expectations have
been climbing and have been showing up
in a recent wage and consumer price data
according to a recent research note from
fidelity view points there are three key
reasons to consider inflation risk
number 1 inflation eats away at future
purchasing power all my dad ever wants
to know is that he will be able to buy
the same number of hamburgers in 20
years that he can buy today and that is
pretty much his entire retirement plan
but when inflation Rises my dad can buy
less hamburgers in the future unless the
return on his portfolio is higher than
the rate of inflation but according to a
research from fidelity stocks and bonds
don't perform well in periods when
inflation is rising for an extended
period of time this chart shows the real
annualized return of US stocks and
ten-year Treasuries from 1935 to 2015
when inflation is falling for long
periods of time versus when inflation is
rising for at least 6 months during
periods of falling inflation real
annualized returns for US stocks was 14%
and 10-year Treasury returns was about
4% when inflation is rising real returns
plummeted for stocks and bonds
finally higher inflation increases
correlation between stocks and bonds for
the past 20 years when inflation was
relatively low and stable growth had a
greater impact on stock performance and
bond performance with stocks being
positively correlated to growth and
bonds are negatively correlated growth
but what inflation is higher and more
volatile like it was in the 70s the
correlation between stocks and bonds
increases because rising inflation
negatively impacts both stocks and bonds
this all means according to fidelity
diversification beyond mainstream asset
classes is important when inflation is
rising because not only are stocks and
bonds more correlated they also
historically have lower returns consider
diversifying with asset classes that
outperform when inflation is rising such
as commodities commodity producing
equity
like energy and material stocks or gold
you
