the army of beauties that's a phrase
there was some media concocted because
I'd never heard that in South Korea in
South Korea they're just called the
cheerleaders or beautiful cheerleaders
so this business of beauty or
cheerleaders or army first of all
they're not an army and they're not
cheerleaders they're actually a college
students who've been rounded up by the
government to be sent overseas to look
pretty so these young women are just
citizens who they've been chosen because
a regime put some selection criteria
which has to do with young age looking
pretty whatever they consider from a
good family having loyalty to the party
and of a certain height about five four
three at least
it's almost like a beauty contest but
except it's not a beauty contest because
you've been forced to take this position
so and you don't have an option as a
North Korean citizen so when we're
seeing these young women cheering
they're not like cheerleaders that you
see they didn't come there on their own
will they've been ordered by their
regime so they'll go back there to their
lives and it says if these past few days
never happen for that because they're
not allowed to discuss any of it back
home but you know this is not that a
news right North Korea citizens are
rounded up for a different purpose if
you go to North Korean restaurants
they're about over a hundred of them a
lot of them in China Cambodia Malaysia
these restaurants are served by North
Korean women they're not waitresses
they're just young women who've also
been selected to serve there and sing
and pour drinks for foreign men and
raise cash somehow this this has been
turned into one of North Korea's
greatest propaganda success despite the
fact that this is the second time South
Korea has hosted the Olympics first time
was back in 88 which was marred by North
Korea's terrorist attack against South
Korea by bombing an airplane which
killed over a hundred civilians this
time it just looks to be almost hijacked
by North Korea in the moment having been
used for legitimizing North Korea and
what we're seeing in the media is all
about all the positive aspects of North
Korea which is astounding North Korea is
one of the biggest gulags in the world
and they conducted a nuclear test last
September that's merely five months ago
so the turnaround of North Korea in the
world's eye has just changed overnight
it seems it's really an odd phenomenon
there's an amnesia in the world about
actually what's really going on with
North Korea that country is really
nothing to do with either cheerleaders
or Olympics which actually is about the
world coming together North Korea is the
one place the world is not allowed to
enter and citizens cannot actually come
out of their country to see the world
