as you may have guessed I don't think
there is anybody in my family who has
ever had a portrait done let alone a
portrait that will be hanging in the
national gallery at least as far as I
know mom I'm also thinking about all of
the young people particularly girls and
girls of color who in years ahead will
come to this place and they will look up
and they will see an image of someone
who looks like them hanging on the wall
of this great American institution
how about that that's pretty sharp but
when I was always struck by when I
whenever I saw his portraits was the
degree to which they challenged our
conventional views of power and
privilege and the way that he would take
extraordinary care and precision and
vision in recognizing the beauty and the
Grace and the dignity of people who are
so often invisible in our lives in my
small way that's part of what I believed
politics should be about is not simply
celebrating the high and the mighty and
expecting that the country unfolds from
the top down but rather that it comes
from the bottom up his initial impulse
may be in the work was to also elevate
me and put me in these settings with you
know partridges and scepters and
Thrones and Schiff robes and mounting me
on horses and I had to explain that I've
got enough political problems without
you making me look like Napoleon we've
got to bring it down just a touch
you
