Carolyn Fairburn the CBI is here with
fairly robust soft brexit message almost
like pro remain it feels to me there are
you on board with that yes I am on board
because the the transition period is
important whether the two years is
enough
or not we'll we'll see but the the
administrative issues and the policy
issues and the negotiation is so
significant they need time to work out
and obviously David Davis and Liam Fox
have got a they have to lay out in some
detail to reduce the uncertainty because
the big issue facing British business is
the uncertainty irony for us is that the
UK we had a difficult year last year but
the UK was one of the bright spots
because people were tickling up the top
line through investment in marketing
rather than in fixed capital investment
I mean one of the things we've seen is a
desire to postpone investment because of
the uncertainty and therefore instead of
increasing your fixed it pit costs you
increase your variable costs to try and
improve market share and sales and I
think that happened and gives you the
opportunity in 2018 either to do more
which we'd like to see obviously
investing in brands or perhaps to to cut
back and reduce the the leveler expense
my sense is the US economy will a UK
economy will come off this year as we
get closer into the the brexit process
now there is an outside possibility
might not happen there are some there
are some people who think that it
shouldn't happen and the deal that we
negotiate is so bad that it should be
put to the nation again that doesn't
find much much to support an outside
iris a 5% chance okay
you
