people looking at him as endorsements I
look at them as partnerships I'm very
picky if I'm not if I'm not in tune to
the product or if I don't like the
product I won't do it
I always tell a story about after I won
my first championship Wheaties wanted me
to be on the cover
never a tweety so I turned them now
second ring of championship same thing I
said hey Brent for the champions I know
who you are but I never eat weeds I
can't do it and then I told my people
call for us the Frakes of Froot Loops
I'll be able to cover that so I'm
telling a lot of deals down because I'm
a whole-school guy and I'm on the
handshaking principles so I don't want
to take your money if I'm not really
really into - you know what you're
selling think about it Gold Bond
everybody needs lotion right all these
hard-working American people get bad
gifts so I see how everyone needs home
security right every night everyone
needs affordable car insurance when I go
to general so I don't look at it as
endorsements I look at him as
partnerships
