I went on a very popular diet in Silicon
Valley that celebrities like Hugh
Jackman Terry Crews and the rock swear
by it's called intermittent fasting so
it's more of a fast than a diet it's
supposed to help you lose weight
reportedly it also increases your
productivity and clearer mindedness so I
downloaded this app called zero which
makes it really easy to track your
progress it shows you the amount of time
you've been fasting and it gives you
little messages when you've completed
your goal I chose the most common fast
which is from dinner to lunch
I didn't eat from 8 p.m. to noon the
next day which is 16 hours it's easier
because you're asleep for half the time
at the beginning it wasn't really hard I
just felt so hungry all the time it was
really a strain on my body I think it
made me realize that I kind of
mindlessly eat a lot whether I'm at work
on the computer or at home bored I'm
always snacking on something after three
weeks I lost 4 pounds so that aspect of
the fast worked but everything else
didn't work there was no increase of
productivity and I didn't feel any clear
mindedness at all it's annoying because
there's parts of the day where you feel
really tired and you need a little bit
of motivation so I was hoping this fast
would fix that but it didn't it felt
like a huge waste of time I put in a lot
of effort and there was no reward at the
end of it if you're trying to lose
weight there are easier ways that don't
require you to starve yourself if you're
trying to clear your mind or increase
productivity I would actually suggest
eating
