so let's talk about this tax bill that
seems to be rocketing its way toward
enactment in Washington we got an
analysis this week from the Treasury
Department so this one-page sheet that
that claims that trumps economic
policies including this tax plan should
increase economic growth so much that in
fact the budget deficits will shrink
despite the large size of this tax cut
is this a plausible now so this is if
it's analysis with scare quarters it cut
the number comes out of thin air they
just made up they said we're gonna
increase growth by seven tenths of a
percentage point which doesn't sound
like that much years each year over 10
years that yes GDP is gonna be seven
percent larger they have no explanation
of where that comes from so they just
they just told you know they're the
Treasury staff to assume that growth
rate and and then tell us what it does
for for the budget deficit um and look
it's first of all it's that's about nine
times as big as what the Joint Committee
on taxation which is Congress's official
evaluator says we're going to get out of
the out of these tax bills and it's it's
just a wildly it's it's a crazy number
no advanced economies like the United
States at the technological frontier
with non completely crazy economic
policies there's almost nothing the
government could do the the most ideal
policy in the world is not going to
boost GDP by seven percent so this is
crazy so there's been a variety of
different analyses that have come out
you've talked about the this Joint
Committee number that found this mod
modest but positive effect on economic
growth
there was also an analysis from the Tax
Policy Center which is this it's a joint
project of two sort of left-of-centre
think tanks in Washington their analysis
also finds a very modest positive effect
on the economy do you think this is
right do you think this tax plan will be
growth positive compared to doing
nothing at all there is a there's two
questions here one is we really are not
none of these studies are very good at
dealing with the impact of what what
does the deficit actually itself due to
growth and you know my I you know for
famously been deficit were not a problem
during their during the period of a
depressed economy now that were close to
full employment there may be some
negative but there's another there's a
subtler issue which I don't think any of
these organizations even the you know
tax policies
great people but I don't think they've
gotten a complete handle on which is
growth in what exactly because what they
find is that gross domestic product
which is what we usually talk about it
will be bigger but we're also gonna part
the way that happens is by increased
inflows of foreign capital that mean
that we have a bigger capital stock
which means that we produce more but it
also means that we pay more profits to
foreign companies so and also some of
the actually about a third we think of
the corporate tax cut benefit to
corporate after-tax profits will
actually go to foreigners so if we ask
what happens to gross national income
the actual income of US residents it's
not at all clear that that goes up at
all so that's interesting so usually I
mean people talk about GDP which is
gross product which is total activity
with economic activity within the United
States you're saying that the gross
national product number which is the
total economic activity it accrues to
people in the United States so with
including US profits from foreign
activities but excluding profits to
foreign donors from US activities you're
saying that that that could be negative
even if GDP was positive yeah I mean
there's you know it's never been an
important issue in the United States
until now because the difference between
GDP and GNP is not is trivial but you
know economies that are smaller that
have lots of foreign investment to be a
really big deal Ireland
GNP is only 75 percent of GDP because
there's so much foreign ownership now
and we're you know this bill even if it
does what it's supposed to it kind of
moves us towards being more like Ireland
which means that we could see a lot a
headline GDP number that that is up some
but that that's all or almost all offset
by these increased payments to
foreigners
you
