hi this is Tom Corley I'm the author of
rich habits wealth success being in the
middle class being poor is all about
your habits reading certain specific
books this is what the self-made
millionaires do to help increase their
wealth you don't have to do a lot 15 to
20 minutes is all it takes to develop
more knowledge to build your knowledge
base and to improve yourself you start
out with that 15 to 20 minutes of
reading every day and the next thing you
know you'll be doing an hour a day
because you'll be so excited about all
the information that you're learning so
I found in my research that there are
some common books that the self-made
millionaires read now there are
self-help books that they read and and
you know how to win friends and
influence people is one of them but they
also read a lot of biographies of other
successful people why why would they
read about someone else's life inside
these books these autobiographies or
these biographies of successful people
is actually a history of all the
mistakes that they made and the one of
the things that I uncovered in my
research is mentors are the fast track
to building wealth well a book an
autobiography or a biography can be a
mentor it can point you in the right
direction it can tell you what to do and
what not to do
you
