Thank You mr. chairman welcome gentlemen
congratulations you can just raise your
hand on this one if you will will save a
little time have any of you not tried a
case to verdict in a courtroom mr.
pitcher have you ever tried a jury trial
I have not civil no criminal no bench no
state our federal court I have not have
you ever taken a deposition I was
involved in taking depositions when I
was associate at why they ryan what i
first came out of law school but that
that was you ever how many how many
depositions i would i'd be struggling to
to remember but less than ten yes less
than five probably somewhere if you ever
try to take in a deposition by yourself
i believe no okay
have you ever argued a motion in state
court i have not have you ever argued a
motion in federal court no when's the
last time you read the Federal Rules of
Civil Procedure the Federal Rules of
Civil Procedure I in my current position
I obviously don't need to stay as you
know invested and those on a day-to-day
basis but I do try to keep up to speed
we do have at the at the Federal
Election Commission roughly 70 attorneys
who work under our our guidance
including a large litigation division
and as a commissioner we oversee that
litigation we advise them on overall
legal strategy provide recommendations
and edits to briefs and so forth and
meet with them about how we're going to
have it if I gotta ask you this I'm
sorry to interrupt you but we're only
given five minutes for five
when's the last time you read the
Federal Rules of Evidence the Federal
Rules of Evidence all the way through
would well comprehensively would have
been in law school obviously I have been
involved in when I was a an associate
that was something that we had to stay
closely abreast of and there have been
some issues dealing with evidentiary
issues that will cause me to examine
those periodically and in in our
oversight role of the litigation
division at the Federal Election
Commission okay well as a trial judge
you're obviously going to have witnesses
and you tell me what the dough bear
standard is Senator Kennedy I don't have
that readily at my disposal but I would
be happy to take a closer look at that
okay that that is not something that
I've had to do you know what a motion in
limine is yes I haven't I'm again my
background is not in litigation as as
when I was replying to chairman Grassley
I'm I haven't had to again do a deep
dive and I and I and understand and and
I appreciate this that this line of
question and I understand the challenge
that would be ahead of me if I were
fortunate enough to become a district
court judge I understand that that the
path that many successful district court
judges have taken has been a different
one that I have taken but I as I
mentioned in my earlier answer I believe
that the path that I have taken to be
one who's been in a decision-making role
on I would guess now somewhere between
1,500 and 2,000 enforcement matters
overseen I I don't know how many cases
in federal court the position is has
been a party to during my time yes I've
read your resume
just for the record do you know what
emotion and women he is I would probably
not be able to give you a good
definition right here at the tip at the
table do you know what the younger
abstention doctrine is but I again about
the Pullman abstention doctrine I don't
see y'all see that a lot in federal
court okay um any of you blog okay no
any of you ever blogs in support of the
Klu Klux Klan no senator okay but the
record reflect everybody said no mr.
chairman the record will show that thank
you gentlemen I wish we had more time to
spend together
