what I want to know is oh there's a
question I want to ask you the beginning
of this interview and then I want you to
not answer it now but answer it at the
end of the interview this is a little
weird but I want to know did you vote
for Donald Trump this year
okay last year I suppose and to which
party are you registered if any at all
and you want to remain in suspense I do
I kind of want them to think oh I want
some of them think oh I didn't even know
that it's possible they didn't didn't
vote for Donald Trump perhaps so anyway
okay so let's okay that's god convention
but I'm willing to roll with it I'm
trying something new let's do it okay so
all right done okay good all right so
the look I think the big news is Matt
Lauer NBC News sexual harassment
everywhere the reckoning the me to
reckoning so to speak what do you make
of it all well it's awful
I mean abuse of power is always awful
any kind of power sexual power financial
power any kind of power it's also really
common people abuse their power by
definition that's just a function of
human nature so I don't think it's
surprising the details are always
jarring and jaw-dropping and someone
really did that I mean it's it's
shocking especially when it happens in
an industry you're familiar with to
people you know and you know it's even
more awful in a way but but if you take
three steps back I mean it shouldn't
surprise you that famous people who sort
of bask in public adulation all day long
behave poorly when the cameras are off
you know that's interesting because one
of the things he said last night which
is great show again talking about NBC
you're sort of some of these people are
hypocrites you know like they're here
they are reporting on Donald Trump and
Roy Moore and I don't think I made that
point maybe I misheard it so yeah I mean
no I think it's totally look I mean
we're all hypocrites right you know on
some level and and that's probably a
good thing you know in politeness is
hypocrisy how are you this morning I'm
great how are you I'm fine we're both
hungover but you know for the sake of
getting along we both pretend we're fine
I mean there's artifice that allows us
to get along
and that's okay that's what manners are
and so I actually try not to hit people
too hard on hypocrisy just because you
know I think it's a human thing but I
guess I couldn't resist noting that NBC
fired Billy Bush for the crime of I
don't know laughing for which he
apologized and then you know squelched
the Harvey Weinstein story that Rowan is
a fantastic story they run in Ferrell
ended up wound up selling to The New
Yorker and like why I don't know I think
it's a fair question and they haven't
they haven't answered it so I mean that
annoyed me because I watched it
carefully but no I feel I worked at NBC
for four years I have a lot of friends
over there decent people and I feel
sorry for everybody who works there and
there was this clip that you aired last
night with Harvey Harvey Levin I think
from TMZ and it was this it was shocking
I thought it was Matt Lauer like
apparently some broadcast you know to
the local affiliate didn't get
interrupted the way it normally would so
the feed continued and here was Matt
Lauer China transforming from America's
dad and that's right into you know
commenting on someone's sweater and you
think he said something like I like the
way you bend over you should keep doing
that his face look differing this like a
shocking yeah I mean it was shocking
it's always jarring to see people in
their natural habitat when you're used
to seeing them on television though I do
think over time TV reveals the truth I
mean if you sit in front of a camera
every day for years viewers kind of know
who you are actually on some level they
do this brings up a question I wanted to
ask yeah you know is the sean hannity we
see on TV is that really sean hannity
are you the person we see on TV I'm
totally the person you see on TV yeah I
don't have the disk space for that level
of artifice yeah you know what I mean
I'm going to smart enough to be that
false and also it's too hard I mean
every view you hold you also feel
comfortable expressing on TV no okay
every view I hold eggs from no of course
not I read all kinds of views I wears
logo from public where's the yeah I mean
I believe in kind of no of course I
don't
yeah everything I say on television I
sincerely believe and if I can just put
in a plug for my employer
you know one great thing about Fox and
this is totally sincere as no one's ever
told me what to say or what to think
ever and not even any guidelines so I
feel completely free to say what I think
but often when you know people are
yelling at me at untrained platforms or
giving me the finger as I walked to
lunch or whatever on the those occasions
when I can talk to them you know you're
awful on TV probably like me a person
either because that's like kind of Who I
am
well this seems to be a superpower of
yours is you do not care what people
think about you necessarily what do you
well I care a lot what people I love
think about me okay I mean I have four
children
I've been married for 26 years I live
next door to my college roommate
I've lunch with my dad every week I go
to the gym with my brother every day I
mean I have a small group of people
whose opinions are all important to me
but I don't care what people I don't
know think why would you and I and this
is a lecture I always give to my
producers or when I supervise you know
90 reporters all had Twitter accounts I
was always telling them you know don't
give emotional control to strangers why
would just like giving a toddler a
handgun he's gonna misuse it why would
you do that
right and one of the pitfalls maybe the
main pitfall of TV and of any kind of
public job is that you can wind up
really caring what people you don't know
think about you and you're in effect
again empowering strangers to control
your life and why would you that's
that's insane why would you ever do that
right so I'm naturally suited for this
job because it's never occurred to me to
sort of care what people who hate me
think I mean I care about the ratings
and I of course I'm not impervious to it
but I I'm not on social media I'm not
like trolling for affirmation from
strangers why would you do that and a
lot of people do that who don't don't
even work in this weird biz so what is
the thing that you know if you don't
care what people think which I seems I
very much care just to be clear I'm not
a sociopath like right my wife says you
shouldn't do that you know I'm really
wounded by it and I followed those
instructions immediately just drop
no I'm serious I do yeah no I'm the line
though there is a line there is we
covered this already I want to be dead
but it's there is a line where it's like
the fox news audience might not take
what I have to say about such-and-such
topic what is that line I mean why does
well I mean here's the way I think of it
I mean I you're never gonna believe me
so it's probably pointless even to
articulate it but I really try not to
think too much about how I'm viewed or
what I say is going to be viewed because
it creates a kind of self-consciousness
that drives you crazy it's like looking
in the mirror a lot or checking Twitter
a lot it it pulls you out of yourself
too much in a bad way and you start
seeing yourself through other people's
eyes in it I don't know it diminishes
you and makes you gun-shy and jumpy and
insecure and all the things you don't
want to be if your goal is to you know
put on a good show and be happy and tell
the truth and you know what it means I
actually don't think a lot about that
but if you step back I do think of my
role is different from someone hosting a
show on another Channel I mean I feel
like almost all the other news outlets
that I see and I've worked at most of
them are kind of in sync on what stories
are important and how they ought to
approach the stories and that's fine I'm
mad about it but I I think there ought
to be a role for someone who's looking
at stories that aren't covered by
everybody else and is looking at things
a little bit differently
I kind of believe in diversity that way
there's a Twitter meme that I've seen a
few times that kind of illustrates this
and I which is there there so it'll be
some breaking news in the Russia
investigation and someone will take a
screen grab of what CNN's got on and
they're talking about the question and
then they'll do the same thing I miss
MSNBC will have it and then there's you
yeah you know the badge of honor yeah
but the assumption is that like talking
about something else
some twitter user believes he should be
my assignment editor which I find
hilarious it's like really okay apply
for a job maybe I'll hire you you know
what I mean yeah what yeah I mean the
reason that Fox hired me was in part to
sort of take an hour not in charge of
Fox I have no influence over the rest of
the channel I just have responsibility
for an hour and put on what you think is
important inherently important or that
you think is important anyway and say
what you think about it and and that's
what I do so it it's totally
disconnected from what Stephanie ruhle
is doing on msn
BC or Anderson Cooper not against them
but I just those aren't relevant markers
to me at all and in fact I think I said
I wouldn't be critical but I will say
this I do think that there is a kind of
childish groupthink in the media a lot
you know where people are checking other
outlets to ratify their own decisions
and I kind of get that there is a wisdom
in credit the judgment of a crowd
however at some point I say well no this
is important for these reasons so tell
me why this is important as to the
Russia thing I've done a lot of Russia
segments probably too many but I think
we inflate its importance and I also by
the way think we pay way too much
attention to Trump I've always thought
that Trump is moderately interesting
he's the president United States he's
really powerful this is a legitimate
topic of discussion but if you're
programming your entire schedule around
one guy in his tweets it's possible you
might be missing other stories okay I
have one for you though yeah Hillary
Clinton like no other networks cover
Hillary nearly so much as Fox News it
seems to me one Hillary knows you know
where to go why are we still talking
about her I don't know I can only speak
for my show we're not talking about her
that much
okay but I'm I'm aware of you're not the
one with the flowcharts I don't know I
mean I think my real opinion is I think
there's something really interesting
going on in the Democratic side I live
in DC which is I was ninety three or
four purse it's the most democratic city
in the country okay so I'm surrounded by
Democrats and some of them are smart and
a lot of them are my friends and I know
because of that that there's this war
maybe too strong but only mildly too
strong this conflict going on the
Democratic Party over what it is whose
party is it is it the party of Bernie
Sanders or is it the party of the
Clintons or is it something very
different is it an identity politics
party won by somebody else and I think
that's so I think Democrats are likely
to do well in the next cycle certainly
next couple cycles they're gonna they're
out of power they won't always be out of
power and so I think it's important to
ask questions like what is the
Democratic Party and what does it stand
for I grew up in a 148 in a world where
the Democratic Party was the party of
you know the faculty lounge but was also
the party of wage earners it
working-class party it was it was it was
Roosevelt's party and it's not anymore
and the exit polling confirms that it's
the party of the affluent well-educated
and of the poor and so what does that
mean exactly for policy I think it's
interesting conversations so watching
the rejection of the Clintons is a
fascinating story that covered the 1992
presidential race and and so I always go
back and I think well would Bill Clinton
be a viable candidate as a Democrat now
and of course not even jeered he'd be
pulled off stage is like a racist or
something and literally and I think
that's interesting on its face but I
also think there's sort of deeper
lessons that come out of that so but is
that what you're talking about wouldn't
be done yeah we just did a whole segment
on this last week you know whose party
is it now and and I even said do you
care about uranium one and all that is
that rhenium wants a real story okay
okay please explain to me because it
seems to explain and I don't I do not
wanted to be I'm not going to debate I'm
not a debater I'm a question asker okay
but it seems to me that many people had
to approve this deal many people did and
an entity bought and but and there is no
no connection in terms of like actual
equity holdings between the donor to the
global Clinton Foundation and the guy
who actually sold the company to the who
told you Russians well he sold in many
years before and then later oh so he was
in a stakeholder in the company well
maybe he was or not but I don't know
you're the one who's got the facts
that's what I've heard it's not again oh
you heard it we're on the Internet
maybe there was an expert on uranium one
perhaps you can set me so I told you not
debating I'm just asking you crush you
still think you're indium ones a story I
don't know nobody hapless tell me it
doesn't seem like one don't know it
doesn't cost him what you read on the
you know because if they could move
again malarious I couldn't get moving
hold on one point they couldn't even
move the uranium out of the country
oh they didn't they move no you're a man
of the country you could now you didn't
have good see that's how you get ratings
it's like you know that's how you ask
honest questions when you get to the
oh god now you tell me did the Dozen
casting aspersions on your views have
any idea what he's talking about I wish
I knew I guess I would put you in the
know category because that's look I'm
not saying that I try to pass very here
no you're being I can find a place where
I grossly overstated something or was
inaccurate okay tell me why you're
Iranian one is a big story let's go back
to that no it was the biggest story but
not I didn't say here's the context I'm
fertile uranium was shipped out of the
country despite the fact the company did
not have an export license to do so
that's the New York Times reporting on
the Civic just confirmed again last week
so I don't know if that's like a world
ending problem but if you believe as
many people seem to that Russia's our
primary adversary on the world stage
the idea that a Russian company got
control of some portion of our uranium
well this is interesting that a big
talking point is that the uranium was
not allowed out of the country you're
saying now there's not only my sorrow
it's been reported multiple times in a
paper that presumably you read but in
this case didn't yeah so look I'm not
I'm just saying here's what bothers me
is the repetition of talking points by
people posing no I tried to get a
journalist you know I can't believe it's
a conspiracy there okay maybe it is but
tell me how okay no we'll talk later
good let's go I need to I clearly need
to learn more okay here's the question I
was watching your program last night
after reading a lot about you
yeah and it's like you're anti like not
anti-authority maybe but you just you
don't like it when people tell you what
to do it seems like I don't think the
people in charge have done a good job
okay okay but I want to characterize you
tell me if it's unfair characterization
libertarian bent somewhat I guess I
thought I was retiring for a long time
now I can't believe I held those views
I'm watching your here's the
question watching your show the motif is
the American flag everywhere you know
okay I mean really I can't see behind me
okay fine but well watch program it's
there I was that was rude sorry I've
actually never watched my program to
beat well there's American flags
everywhere okay and then you've got and
then that's not offensive no but I got a
freaking nationalist
no but I is that is that is that it's
sort of like literally flag-waving is
that literally the roll and then also
you've got the president meanwhile just
for context uh-huh he loves you guys he
tweets it you directly he watches
another so I wouldn't know but I mean
but I mean there was this guy I don't
want to read a long quote but it's you
know at Fox but I had Fox News this is
the president United States is much more
important the United States in CNN but
outside the US CNN International is
still a major source of fake news in the
representative blah blah blah and so
it's he loves you guys and pause in
noting here and kinetic all times like
watching Trump the credit he deserves
for being hilarious
oh he's they don't I'm sorry I mean it's
like I could say that I'm sure is oh you
know stairs of hate coming why are you
uncut but let me just are you
uncomfortable being like the beloved
outlet of the most powerful person in
the world who is also a billionaire you
can go back I've been in this 26 years
and if you can find an example of me
sniffing the throne of a politician I
will lie prostrate you know no I can't
so that's why I'm asking if you're
uncomfortable with the fact that the
appearing I get this all the time I was
talking to some more on the other day
from the Washington Post who said are
you all tripe by several geez I don't
know I don't think so it sounds bad what
is alright well I don't know it's bad
okay well I'm not cuz I'm not bad and he
said well I called David Duke the other
day and asked him what he thought of
your show hmm and I thought you called
David Duke that's like puts you one up
on meat in that all right category right
okay I've never called David Duke and he
likes your show what do you say that I
don't know and against McCarthyism for
one thing you're like what know so you
know what I mean I guess I would I would
say this I'm not I'm not comparing Trump
to Duke by the way just to be clear but
I am saying that it's actually less
complicated than perhaps you imagine we
just sit down every morning my boxer
shorts in my kitchen on email trying to
figure out what you know what is an
interesting hour we can put together and
people react to it in various ways and
like I don't know am I responsible for
that I'm not I could tell you this I'm
certainly I've never coordinated
anything with any politician ever I
don't
like politicians in general I am friends
with no politician have never been never
would be so if so if there is an idea
there that Fox News or your program is
carrying water for the administration
that would that would really Burke you
if that was well maybe you not you know
I we get all kinds of criticism I in
case you can't tell I don't read any of
it but here's what I know Fox has been
the freest environment I've ever worked
in and I'm not just saying this in order
to suck up to my corporate masters I
mean it there's no interference at all
ever not one time in the year and three
months or weeks I've done this and I
love that and I'm grateful for it
but I'm not responsible for I don't have
any role in it I have an hour I can
speak for my hour I love everyone I work
with at Fox everyone's honest in my
experience of them so that's what I
would say Trump like me like I
disapprove of Trump tweeting at all okay
just because I disapprove of the medium
I think it diminishes all participate in
that we're sadly running out of time and
I want to know a lot more opinions
nicholas hit me man I'm just asking
questions here good right that's the
line so who'd you vote for and which
party you registered to I don't want to
give the party thing because misleading
I ever I never vote so that's the truth
okay I didn't vote this time I never do
vote then you don't have a right to give
your opinion yeah and in fact I do
and I'm registered actually with a party
that I sincerely despise because I think
it's really a force for bad in this
country and it's a democratic party but
I'm registered because I live in the
district it's one-party state and the
one election I always vote in as the
mayor's race because it matters and I
own property there I raised four
children there I live in the city and I
think it's worth voting in that election
so I always do I always vote for the
more corrupt candidate over the idealist
always the person who will just like be
happy taking payoffs from developers and
leave me alone it's always the kid it's
like a meaningful decision in my life
and it's every four years there's always
some guy who's like I'm gonna make your
life better I vote against that person
every single time
you know what I mean and it's usually
some honestly it's you geez whatever
it's it's some progressive candidate
who's got big plans for me and so I just
vote for the for the status quo corrupt
criminal operation that runs the city
and I'm really happy with that well
Tucker that's great I have a hundred
more questions but we're out of time and
I've got a hundred more it's okay that's
good thank you thank you
you
