my name is tim ferriss angel investor
and author of books including the 4-hour
workweek and the latest tribe of mentors
i lived their past tense for 17 years
despite the incredible friends I have
and the brilliant brilliant people I've
had the good fortune of encountering in
Silicon Valley there has come to be a
level of intellectual smugness that I
found with every passing month that I
spent there a little less tolerable
closed mindedness masquerading as open
mindedness and if you were to go there
and ask people if folks they are open
minded and of course there are truly
open minded people there but the party
line is yes you know we court diversity
and we we want to hear every in any
opinions so that we can pull the best
from different worlds in practice I find
that things more resemble McCarthyism
right now and the people instead of
inviting and courting dissenting
opinions lash out and attack people if
they don't conform to and I'm a
certainly very socially liberal if you
don't conform to what Silicon Valley
views as the established set of credos
and beliefs for a hyper liberal you do
get attacked people do not ask many
questions of your beliefs they do not
necessarily try to unpeel the layers or
look at the nuances but instead respond
immediately with this very very violent
opposition and ad hominem attack and
that really depresses me for the last
few years at least it's I've witnessed
what appears to be the forming of an
echo chamber that is even tighter even
more hermetically sealed than it usually
is in Silicon Valley and that's
unfortunate
you
