tax reform is inching forward currently
there are two separate versions of the
plan the house has already introduced
and passed their version but the Senate
is in the middle of trying to bring
theirs to a full vote maybe this week
the two plans are actually pretty
different and before they can bring a
bill to president Donald Trump to sign
tax reform into law the Senate and the
House Republicans are gonna have to
figure out a way to merge the two in the
meantime they're pretty different here
are the major differences that could
affect your take-home pay if tax reform
is signed into law as it stands now the
Senate's version of the tax plan seems
like it could end up saving you a little
bit more than the houses version but a
lot of that depends on how much money
you make where you live and whether you
itemize deductions or take the standard
deduction we ran the numbers using both
plans proposals for a single childless
taxpayer who claims the standard
deduction at three different income
levels someone making twenty five
thousand dollars a year
75 thousand dollars a year and a hundred
and seventy five thousand dollars a year
here's why the numbers are a little bit
different first we have this year's
taxes where we have seven different tax
brackets a standard deduction and a
personal exemption you just get one of
your singl then we have the houses tax
plan that proposal eliminates the
personal exemption doubles the standard
deduction and collapses the tax brackets
from the seven we have now down to four
the sentence tax plan keeps the seven
different tax brackets but tweaks the
income ranges for each of those just
slightly it also eliminates the personal
exemption and increases the standard
deduction but as you can see the houses
plan in the sentence plan don't end up
at exactly the same place even if you're
claiming the standard deduction based on
these calculations you can see that the
Senate's tax plan would end up saving
you a little bit more perhaps than the
houses tax plan but it's still not a
sweeping tax cut
it's not enough to renovate your kitchen
it's not enough to go on a big vacation
unless of course you're a wealthy
American because the top one percent
does stand
benefit handsomely
