you're all highness making Markel
congratulations to you both
thank you can we start with the proposal
and the actual moment of your engagement
when did it happen how did it happen it
happened a few weeks ago this month here
at our cottage the standard typical
night
roasting chicken and chicken and it was
just just an amazing surprise it was so
Sweden and natural and very romantic he
got on one knee yes yes as a matter of
fact I could barely let you finish
proposing so can I say yes ma'am so do
let me finish them and then those hugs
and I have the ring on my finger and I
was like can I can I give you the ring
she was all yes the ready so no resume
it was a really nice moment the two of
us and I think I managed to catch it
catch it by surprise as well yeah and
this is how long after you first met how
it would be a year and a half two more
than which for most people would be
quite a whirlwind is that how it felt to
you I don't think that I would call it a
whirlwind in terms of our relationship
obviously they've been layers attached
to how public it has become after we had
a good five six months almost with just
privacy which was amazing but no I think
we were able to really have so much time
just to connect and we never went longer
than two weeks without seeing each other
even though we were obviously doing a
long-distance relationship so it's um we
made it work how did you first meet yes
we first met we were introduced actually
by a mutual friend who we will we should
protect her privacy don't tell too much
of that and but it was it was me it was
through her and then we met once and
then twice back-to-back two dates in
London
last July yes beginning of July and then
it was I think about three maybe four
weeks later that I managed to persuade
her to come and join me in Botswana and
we we camped out with each other
under the stars and we spent come and
join me for five days out there which
was absolutely fantastic so then we were
really by ourselves mm-hmm which I which
was crucial to me to make sure that we
had a chance to get to know each other
but the friend who introduced you was
she trying to set you up yes it was
definitely a set of blank days and it's
so interesting because we talked about
it and now and even then I you know
because I'm from the States you don't
grow up with the same understanding of
of the royal family and so while I now
understand very clearly there's a a
global interest there I didn't know much
about him and so the only thing that I
had asked her when she said she wanted
to set us up was having one question I
said boys he nice because if he wasn't
kind it just didn't it didn't seem like
it would make sense and so we went and
had a met for a drink and then I think
very quickly into that we said what are
we doing tomorrow we should again
represent or let's meet again and then
it was like white Diaries we need to get
the Diaries out and find out how we're
gonna make this work because I was off
to Africa for a month yeah she was
working and we just said right where's
where's the gap and the gap happened to
be in the perfect place how much did you
put Harry know about Megan had you seen
her on TV no I'd never never even heard
about it until this friend said make a
mark was like write a cake give me give
me a bit of background it's like what's
going on here
so no I'd never I'd never watched Saints
I'd never heard of Megan before and I
was beautifully surprised when I walked
into that room and saw her and there she
was sitting there I was like okay why we
have to up my game sit down and make
sure I've got a good shot I think for
both of us so it was it was really
refreshing because given that I didn't
know a lot about him everything that
I've learned about him I learned
through him as opposed to having grown
up around different news stories or
tabloids or whatever else anything I
learned about him and his family was
what he would share with me and vice
versa so for both of us it was just a
really authentic and organic way to get
to know each other and was that quite
refreshing for you in the way that
you've been brought up you know with a
lot of people knowing a lot about you
was it refreshing thank you very much
thinking things ya know it's hugely
refreshing to be able to get to know
someone who isn't necessarily within
your circle doesn't know much about me I
don't know not much about her
so to be able to start almost afresh
right from the beginning and getting to
know each other step by step and then
taking that huge leap of only two dates
and then and then going together in the
middle of nowhere and you know showing
it showing attend together and what kind
of stuff it was there was it was
fantastic it was absolutely amazing to
get to know her as quickly as I did and
starting a long-distance relationship
you were working on suit so you had I
imagine a packed filming schedule you've
got lots of commitments of your own how
hard was it to keep things going it was
it was just a choice right I think that
very early on when we realized we were
going to commit to each other and we
knew we had to invest the time and the
energy and whatever it took to make that
happen and so yes with the filming
schedule it was not the easiest because
it of course included a lot of travel
back and forth but I don't think you had
any idea what times only been on for
last year and a half no I'll be over
here for days or week and then going
back and then straight into filming the
next day 4:00 a.m. wake-up calls it on
Monday yeah straight into set right off
the plane and straight to say I'm just
trying to just try to stay as close as
possible but you know on two different
time zones and five dollars apart does
have its challenges but then the remain
you're working and now we're here so in
the case of your relationship unlike for
most people there's this whole layer of
what it means to get involved with
someone from the royal family how much
of a sense did you have Meaghan of the
enormity of what you were getting into
what it might mean for your
I think I can very safely say as naive
as it sounds now having gone through
this learning curve in the past year and
a half I did not have any understanding
of just what it would be like I don't
think either of us did that we both said
that even though we knew that it would
be I tried to I tried I tried to warn I
tried to warn you as much as possible
but I think both of us were totally
surprised by the reaction after the
first five six months of when we had to
ourselves of what actually happened from
then so I think you can you can have as
many conversations as you want and try
and prepare as much as possible but we
were we were totally unprepared for what
happened after that the scrutiny well I
mean I think also because there's a
misconception that because I have worked
in the entertainment industry that this
would be something I would be familiar
with but even though I've been on my
show for I guess six years at that point
I'm working before that I've never been
part of tabloid culture I've never been
in pop culture to that degree and and
lived a relatively quiet life even
though I focused so much on my job and
so that was a really stark difference
out of the gate but and I think we were
just hit so hard at the beginning with a
lot of mistruths that I made the choice
to not read anything positive or
negative it just didn't make sense and
instead we focused all of our energies
just on nurturing our relation
gentleness and some of that scrutiny and
you ended up making a very public
statement about if some of that scrutiny
was centered around your ethnicity again
when you realize that what did you think
of course it's disheartening you know
it's it's a shame that that is the
climate in this world to focus that much
on that or that that would be
discriminatory in that sense but I think
you know at the end of the day I'm
really just proud of Who I am and where
I come from and we have never put any
focus on that we've just focused on who
we are as a couple and so when you take
all those extra layers away and all of
that noise I think it makes it really
easy to just enjoy being together and
tune all the rest of that out but now
that it is all official Prince Harry do
you have that sense that the combination
of the two of you your different
backgrounds that you together represent
something new for the royal family but
something new I think it's you know it's
a for me it's an added member of the
family it's a it's another another team
player as part of the bigger team and
you know for all of us what we want to
do is be able to carry out the right
engagement stereo or work and try and
encourage others and the younger
generation to be able to see that the
world in the correct sense rather than
perhaps being just having a distorted
view so you know the fact that I the
fact that I fell in love with Megan so
incredibly quickly was a sort of
confirmation to me that everything
everything all the stars are aligned
everything was just perfect it was this
beautiful woman just have literally
tripped and fell into my life I spun
into her life and the fact that she I
know the fact that she'll be really
unbelievably good at the job or part of
it as well is obviously huge relief to
me because she'll be able to deal with
with everything else that comes with it
but um no you know we're a fantastic
team we know we are and and what we hope
to over time try and have as much impact
for the things that we care about as
much as possible and making given your
your acting in the profile you had you'd
already been involved in various courses
you've been an ambassador for UN Women
what about this new role I mean you're
going to have an a bigger platform a
bigger voice what do you want to do with
it
I mean houses
I think what's been really exciting as
we talk about the transition of this out
of my career but into the role is that
as you said the causes that have been
very important to me I can focus even
more energy on because very early out of
the gate I think you realize once you
have access or a voice that people are
willing to listen to with that comes a
lot of responsibility which I take
seriously and at the same time I think
in these beginning few months and now
being boots on the ground in the UK I'm
excited
to just really get to know more about
the different communities here smaller
organizations we're working on the same
causes that I've always been passionate
about under this umbrella and and also
being able to go around to the common
well if I think it's just just the
beginning of that there's a lot to do
there's a lot to do and it's an immense
change you're you're getting a new
country out of it as a husband obviously
but also giving up giving giving up your
career yes but I don't see it as giving
anything up I just see it as a change in
each other it's a it's a new chapter
right and and also keep in mind I I've
been working on my show for seven years
so we are very very fortunate to be able
to have that sort of longevity on a
series and for me once we hit the
hundred episode marker I thought you
know what I have I have ticked this box
and I feel really proud of the work I've
done there and now it's time to as he
said work work as a team but do you have
that sense of responsibility Prince
Harry for what you've fought you're
asking Megan to do of course that sense
of responsibility was it was essentially
from day one or maybe a couple of months
in when I suddenly realized actually
this is you know I feel I know that I'm
in love with this girl and I hope that
she's in love with me but we still had
to sit down on the sofa and I stopped
you know I still have to have some
pretty you know frank conversations with
that I said oh you know what you're
letting yourself in for is it is it's a
big it's a big deal and it's you know
it's not I wouldn't it's not it's not
easy for anybody but I know that you
know she she chooses me and I choose her
and therefore you know whatever whatever
we have to tackle together or
individually will always be us together
as a team so I think I think she's she's
capable she's capable of anything and
together as I said this there's a hell
of a lot of stuff and work that needs
doing at the moment for us it's going to
be making sure that our relationship has
always put first but know that
both of us have passions for wanting to
make change change for good and you know
with lots of young people running around
but a couple wolf that's where we're
gonna spend most of our time and it was
really one of the first things we
connected on it was one of the first
things we started talking about when we
met was just the different things that
we wanted to do in the world and how
passionate we were about seeing change I
think that was um that's what got date
two in the books probably plenty to talk
about children no not currently no no of
course you know that I think you know
one foot one step at a time and if you
will start a family in the near future I
think you've met each other's families
imagine yes his family's been so
welcoming and and you've got a feeling
I'm not sure I have on both sides of his
family's mom side as well which has been
really important to me too but yes the
family has been great and over the past
year and a half we've just had a really
nice time getting to know them and
progressively helping me feel a part of
of not just the institution but also
part of the family which has been really
really special trying to track them down
and make sure that they're around at the
same time that she's popping in without
telling too many people and we've
managed with actually done incredibly
well to make sure the key people so does
that mean a lot of the time and that
you've been together in this last year
and a half you've been you've been at
home a lot yes yeah we've we've Wow yeah
we had to reverse the whole process and
cozy nights in from the television
cooking dinner with just the two of us
by ourselves and a little cottage rather
than going out for dinner and being seen
in public so we have we reversed the
whole process which is it's it's it's
provided different opportunities and has
made us a hell of a lot closer at a
shorter space of time I can jam that's
you know without question so you know if
anybody else in this room maybe won't
slow down the dates and maybe spend more
time home but I mean no it's it's for us
it's it's an opportunity to to really
get to know each other without other
people you know looking or trying to
take photos on their phones and all that
kind of stuff you know with that that
comes that comes comes with a comes with
a job comes to the role but I'm
responsible yeah and we were able to
really get to know each other that way
but also then to go and have friends
over for dinner or to go to his family's
tea or any of those sort of things and
even you know just to take the take the
time to be able to go on long country
walks and the Queen it's incredible I
think you know a to be able to meet her
through his lens not just with his honor
and respect for her as the monarch but
the love that he has for her as his
grandmother all of those layers have
been so important for me is that when I
met her I had such a deep understanding
and of course incredible respect for
being able to have that time with her
and and we've had her really she's she's
an incredible woman and the cool history
straight away it's 33 years been booked
absolutely just laying on my feet during
is very that has to be a good sign
speaking of dogs have you brought yours
hi well I have two dogs that I've had
for quite a long time both my rescue
pups and one is now staying with very
close friends and my other little guy is
yes he's in the UK he's been here for a
while okay let's hope he adjusts well I
think he's doing just fine
what was it like introducing Megan to
your father and your brother was it like
it was exciting I mean I I've been
seeing her for a period of time when I
literally didn't didn't tell anybody at
all and then William was lying to me to
and service Catherine so you know the
being our neighbors we managed to get
get that in a cup of well quite a few
times now and Catherine's been
absolutely wonderful amazing I says
William as well he's a fantastic support
and then my my father's already you know
top of more than that we had a handful
of teas and meetings and and all sorts
of gatherings over over at his place as
well so know the family together have
been absolutely
you know solid support and my
grandparents as well have been having
wonderful throughout this whole process
and they've known for quite some time so
how they I haven't told anybody know the
whole family have come together and and
have been a huge amount of they've been
amazing and making your parents do you
think you know well very happy for you
obviously do you think they have worried
at all about the scale of what you're
getting into
well I'm sure at the onset both my
parents and my close friends were
concerned because we got very quickly
swept up in a media storm that as a I
shared was not part of my life before
that but they also had never seen me so
happy
and and I think also once my friends
excuse me we're able to to really meet
Harry and my mom we would spend a lot of
time with it was so much fun amazing it
was just you know it was just obvious
that no matter what we were being put
through that it was just temporary and
that we were going to be able to get
through that so everyone was really
happened we've he's talked to my dad few
times hasn't been able to meet him just
yet but it's all been it's all been
worth every effort your ring tell us
about your ring the ring is is obviously
yellow gold because that's her favorite
and the main stone itself my sauce from
Botswana and the little diamonds either
side are from my mother's jury
collection to make sure that she's with
us on this on this crazy journey
together and it's beautiful and he
designed it it's incredible yeah yeah
make sure it stays on that finger be
specific what does it mean to you Megan
to have those stones on your finger that
once belonged to Princess Diana I I
think everything about Harry's
thoughtfulness is and the inclusion of
that and obviously not being able to
meet his mom it's so important to me to
to know that she's a part of this with
us and and I think in being able to meet
his aunts and and also to be like Julia
and just different people who are so
important to his mom I'm able to in some
way know a part of her through them and
of course through him and it's it's
incredibly special and you know to be
able to have this which sort of links
where you come from and Botswana which
is important to us and it's that's
perfect
what do you think your mother would have
thought of Megan or said about Megan is
there because there's without question I
think she would be over the moon jumping
up and down you know I was so excited
for me but then as I said it would have
probably been best friends best friends
when they again so now it's I you know
it's these days like days like today
when when I really miss having her
around and miss being able to show that
the happy news but you know with the
ring in with everything else that's
going on I'm sure she's she's with us
you know you know jump to help me down
somewhere else first Harry
Megan well thank you both very much
thank you so much
