please welcome Matthias softener with
Henry Blodgett
so let me all introduce you let me
rather introduce to all of you Matias
donor who is the CEO of Axel Springer
who is the parent of Business Insider
Axel Springer is the leading digital
publisher in Europe but let me just give
you some background because I didn't
know that before they bought us I
crammed it before we had the initial
discussions and learned this but just
background Matias became CEO about 15
years ago he's transformed what was once
the strongest newspaper publishing
company in Europe into a digital company
now the leading digital publisher in
Europe and we are one of their expansion
plans in the United States before that
Matias was a journalist and continues to
write on very provocative topics as also
over the years been very vocal about
just what Scott Galloway was talking
about which is the immense power of
Google and Facebook
it's very vocal in basically suggesting
that Google should be broken up several
years ago in the EU where there being
more more aggressive than the United
States regulators so huge pleasure to
have my boss Matias here and let's start
with the duopoly and what Scott just
said do you agree should these companies
be broken up yes God took my job that's
very clear no it was a brilliant
presentation I think probably in the end
he is going to be right and I would
think that the likelihood that sooner or
later it's going to happen it's pretty
high nevertheless I have at the moment a
slightly more optimistic notion perhaps
also in the spirit that there should be
always a kind of benefit of doubt or
there should be always be a kind of last
chance and I think the debate that we
are having at the moment about Google's
abuse of market domination and about
Facebook's role in the context of fake
news is in a way a tremendously healing
debate with a lot of very positive
effects and opportunities and we see
that both Google and Facebook have
reacted very concretely on the debates
and there are basically requests that we
have addressed for years by now
preparing subscription tools and I mean
we haven't seen the final product we
have seen prototypes we have been
involved in some development phases and
it looks promising if the end product is
what it is supposed to be a real tool
that with basically one-click enables
users of Facebook and Google to enter a
subscription world of publishers then I
think they would in a way at least in
their interaction with publishers
transform from potential monopolies
publishing monopolies into distribution
partners because they would facilitate
that process they would basically
endorse and facilitate paid content and
subscription which i think would be a
game changer and would provide many
answers on all the current debates we
have around fake news that is the
optimistic notion but the proof is in
the pudding and the devil is in the
details so we have to weigh we have to
see the product if it's really
convincing if we have access to the data
if we own the customer relationship then
I think we should be really happy and we
should give it a chance and give it a
try if not we have to get back to Scott
scenario okay and it seems clear that
over the last couple of years at least
Facebook and Google in particular are
talking a better game as though they
understand the importance of journalism
and they are talking a little bit less
loudly about what Scott referred to
which is we must give everybody a voice
we must take the completely non
fact-based conspiracy theorist and put
them on an equal level with these
journalism organizations that at least
try to hold themselves to a very high
standard of attack that is fairness that
is democracy we are just platforms we
have no responsibility they seem to be
actually taking more steps towards
saying huh we are being used as
propaganda tools we actually want to
hold ourselves to a higher standard do
you
see that are you optimistic about Google
and Facebook has poor victims have
difficulties with that I am not so sure
and I think that has been explained very
eloquently why the way they are not but
I mean let's look at Facebook they have
the best possible business model to
monetize content zero content creation
costs but in the last quarter of last
year
99% of advertising growth digital
advertising growth in the United States
was to the benefit of Google and
Facebook so I think if you have
basically all the upside of monetization
through advertising and zero investment
in content creation that's a business
model that cannot be sustainable I mean
I just cannot see how that is going to
survive and and we have now this unique
opportunity we have that fake news
phenomenon we have seen how it has
manipulated elections how it has
manipulated debates how it has mislead
populations from Great Britain to
America and has led to dysfunctional
governments I mean what else do we need
I think it's a tremendous campaign to
show and illustrate why trustful brands
why quality content by journalists who
at least try to find the truth they make
mistakes but if they do they apologize
why that system is essential for
democracy and now if we find the
technical tools to really establish
subscription business models I think
that would be really a good future
scenario if not I think the necessity to
change something in their system is
obvious so honestly I'm more optimistic
much more optimistic today then I used
to be let's say five four three years
ago and and what do you say to those who
say look Facebook and Google have a
point which is they are simply letting
individuals choose what they value
they're not trying to be judgmental
they're not trying to say that your
publications are better for society than
the conspiracy web site or whatever
happens to be the latest fake meme
people should be able to judge that they
should not be in the business of doing
that do they have a point they
absolutely have a point and by the way I
completely share that I think if we
would
if we would basically push them to take
responsibility we would really transform
them into true publishers because if
they start to curate I mean they are
doing it already today the algorithm
curates and we cannot deny that so but
if they would even go a step further
force by politicians with good
intentions to say well actually Facebook
has to do fact checking for all the
stories that are that are posted on
Facebook first of all it's totally
unrealistic this is not going to work
and more importantly I really don't want
that a publisher with more than two
billion clients a world monopoly who
decides what is good news and bad news
fake news and true news and who should
good get rich information that's a
terrible scenario I think we really
should not have that we should reduce
their role they should really stick to
Mark Zuckerberg statement we are a
technology company we connect people if
they do that if they stick to that I
think it's fine at the moment they're
somewhere in the middle they're moving
step by step into the role of a
publisher and we have to make sure that
governments with good intentions are not
achieving exactly the opposite by
forcing them to really take that
responsibility and curate that would be
the end and then they definitely have to
be disrupted one thing that a lot of
publishers and producers are so
frustrated with Facebook and Google
about particular is that every year
every quarter their revenues and profits
grow they hire thousands more people
they're so successful meanwhile so many
publishers and producers are having to
cut to pls shareholders and stay in
business because of the pressure do you
believe that it is Facebook and Google's
responsibility to find a way for
traditional publishers to survive no I
mean they are entrepreneurs and they're
let's say their role is to maximize
their position to maximize their value
their their growth their profits I don't
blame them for that for that I think
it's really it's up to us to the society
to journalists to to create that
critical balance and to make sure that
that that they are operating in a fair
and healthy and competitive environment
if they're abusing their market
dominating position that's wrong the
thing why I am optimistic is that out of
their own entrepreneurial egoism they
learn that it is in their very interest
to help publishers to monetize their
content because if they think that they
can continue with just stealing or
taking or using other people's content
and monetizing it almost exclusively
that is a kind of a a pirate business
model that is not going to be
sustainable in the long run if they
understand that they have with this
market power a substantial role in
society and that they only can play that
role if they attract good content
truthful content and if they distribute
it because everything else is going to
destroy also their credibility we have
seen it in the example of eBay
when eBay started to deal with all the
fake brands with a fake good cheap bags
and then customers complained and then
eBay said well we have nothing to do
with it we are a platform exactly at the
same point in the end it was the image
problem of eBay and the fakeness debate
is now becoming the image problem of
Facebook and if 43% of the people are
saying if they read news on Facebook
Facebook is the source of the news then
they go home with this fake news image
and that's bad for them so in their very
own entrepreneurial egoistic interest
they have to make sure that producers of
great quality content have a business
model if they use Facebook and one of
the things that I know both companies
are concerned about is appearing in
making judgments even algorithmic
judgments about which news organizations
are credible and which are not that they
will inflame half of the population or
some big percentage of the population
who doesn't care as long as whatever is
said is helping their particular team
and and this is the way media has
evolved we had the President of the
United States spend much of yesterday
continuing his crusade against what he
describes as fake news fake media he
clearly has a couple of media outlets
that he regards as not fake truth or
what-have-you
as it isn't that a wonderful PR campaign
for good journalism I mean sometimes you
need the right enemies in that case we
have I guess I what I would say is with
this view that you have of the United
States from the outside and obviously
being a
huge producer of media yourself first of
all how is the United States media
ecosystem doing covering a president who
is articulating these things and I'll
say one more thing who the supporters of
the president the White House yesterday
came out and said it is totally fine
that the president United States is
retweeting fake Muslim bashing videos
because the threat is real no it is not
it is not totally fine and I think it is
I mean unfortunately serious topic if
the president of the biggest democracy
in the world is publicly accusing media
and particular plans and making his own
judgments what is good and what is bad I
mean it's a democracy scandal it shows
disrespect for a very important pillar
of a democracy and of a free society and
that is a scandal nothing else than a
scandal but people get used to scandals
on even higher levels and of course he
gets away with things where no other
president of politician who would ever
have been able to get away with now to
judge how US media are doing honestly
for a little European published it's a
bit it's a bit hypocritical to pretend
that I that I can really adjust that I
don't know I think overall US media are
doing a good job what I think is always
essential if you have populist if you
have autocrats if you have people
disrespectful for the instruments of
democracy and for the instruments also
of free media it is even more important
for good journalists to stay calm and
cool don't answer
propaganda with counter-propaganda the
more outrageous people are the cooler
you should be the fairer you should be
so I think fairness is extremely
important it's sometimes and that is a
widespread a globally widespread
phenomenon I think sometimes media
brands have helped Donald Trump by just
portraying him
as a kind of clownish idiot and just
ignoring the normal rules of fairness
they're good reasons to do that and we
have just addressed one example why you
should and could be really upset but I
think for journalists you always have to
keep that standard of fairness of
listening to opposing views audio data
pass that's an old rule of good
journalism so in that spirit we should
just stick to our to our standards and
as you see what's happening not just in
the United States but the the rise of no
other way to call it nationalism white
supremacy starting to see this in Europe
as well knowing what you know about
history Germany's history in particular
what do you what do you think as you
look forward are you optimistic that
this is just a definitely first of all I
believe strongly in the in the free will
of the people of the United States and
the people of the United States will be
definitely stronger than a slightly
dysfunctional government I'm not worried
about it in the long run and and
worldwide not just the night well
worldwide we see that rise of populist
and autocrats ranging from Russia to
Turkey to a certain degree England even
to certain right wing movements in in
Germany you you have it all around the
world and I think that has to do with
the fact that people feel you see
answers are getting more and more
complex simple truth are not available
but people are desperately looking for
simple truth and people who are
providing in this globalized world in
the this completely accelerated reality
where everything is going faster and
faster and there's more to digest every
day people are looking for simple
answers and if some people are providing
very easy conspiracy theories these guys
are guilty it's his fault or her fault
if it's that simple then people tend to
believe it and that's the trend that we
that we are facing as a global trend a
lot of politicians are also very much in
that framework of a political
rekt speech that has no spirit no soul
no juice no nothing that is just dry and
doesn't doesn't really address people
and their emotions and the combination
of these factors kind of slightly
isolated and very often politically to
correct political elite and on the other
hand these let's say populist and
autocrats who provide simple answers and
conspiracy theories that leads to the
situation that we have but I think that
is great news for journalists the role
of journalism is getting bigger and
bigger and more important every day and
we should just shape it we should shape
it in the digital world we should create
new brands we should create brands with
high credibility with very faithful
loyal readers and customers and then I'm
not worried about it those are that the
pendulum is always swinging at the
moment it's swinging unfortunately into
a very unpleasant direction I'm pretty
sure that with good journalism it's
going to swing back and part of what
makes great journalism of a season news
reporting fact-based that persuades some
people one thing that has made President
Trump so compelling that got him elected
is he is just a tremendously persuasive
and charismatic personality to a certain
percentage of voters obviously the in
the United States the Democrats have not
had as Caramanica a person it's the last
president as journalists what do you
think on the op-ed and opinion side what
is persuasive in this megyn kelly said
yesterday in her fantastic interview if
you didn't see that I would urge you all
to see that when she win a listen asked
her why did you drop political
journalism you were so good at it
she said look after being a political
journalist covering the Trump phenomenon
for almost a year and speaking directly
to the people what I decided ultimately
was that no facts would ever persuade
Trump's supporters I might as well go to
the edge of the Pacific Ocean and yell
out into the Pacific for all the good it
was doing
I would rather go do something that I
can actually create some help so what do
you say to all the journalists who are
allowed to be opinion columnist and
op-eds some people just get mad that
doesn't work even though so many of the
things that are being said are
fundamentally and raging to so many
people how do you persuade that segment
of the population that has gotten us
where we are
that in fact democracy and Free Press
are better for everybody sorry about I
think the phenomenon that you have just
described is obvious that for a certain
group of people facts don't count and
don't make a difference does that mean
that we journalists should resign that
we should give up no I think that's
absolutely wrong
I mean Churchill once said failure is
not an option we fail it's not an option
in that context we may not give up and
we should not be too negative about it I
mean look to the subscription figures of
the New York Times highest subscription
figures in the history the the highest
growth of digital subscription why
because there's also a need for trustful
sources and the New York Times is not
the only example I think it is globally
also a kind of counter trend to fight
that kind of ridiculous populism and
trend of simplification just dare to be
to be complex reality is complex and we
cannot come up with easy answers or we
cannot just resign we have to constantly
persuade people with facts but not only
facts also with passionate reporting and
with a lively language and with great
storytelling you are doing that with
Business Insider and your figures are
growing why is there any reason for
skepticism about the role of journalism
I don't see that just because there's a
little accident in in government
building we should not give up our jobs
speaking of our jobs are you concerned
that BOTS are going to replace
journalists we've seen stories where
automatically written stories are pretty
good and lots of news organization
they're using them to tell stories
should we all well Henry let me give you
first an example of why I strongly
believe in artificial intelligence and
I'm thinking I'm very I'm very
optimistic that they are going to find
the right answers there was a kind of
young tech company that has developed a
very sophisticated bot and the developer
was very proud and wants to present it
to the CEO and so this year I wanted to
test the new product a little bit before
it's really launched so he said let me
ask some questions so what is my brother
doing at this moment so the body
immediately answered your brother is
sitting on an American airline flight
from New York to Beijing a57 for okay
let's - very impressive so let me ask
you a more complicated question what is
my father actually doing at this moment
the body immediately says but your
father is sitting at the Rockaway Beach
and is fishing so the CEO says ah I got
you that's wrong my father passed away
many years the boss says sorry that's
the husband of your mother your father
sitting at the Rockaway Beach and
fishing so the body is always matter we
you know that we are using already BOTS
to to write stories about soccer the
second league and the third league
reporting is all done by bots because we
couldn't afford to have real reporters
for that and with that we are saving
money that we can invest in real
investigative reporting so I think what
journalism can be very beneficial can be
very good for the quality of journalism
and I'm of course I'm aware of the
threats they are obvious the
implications on the labor market is it
good or bad in the long run open
question this really serious question is
in the end the singularity theory and
the fact that artificial intelligence is
taking over human intelligence I mean I
was just talking to an expert on that
and he said there is no question that
this is going to happen but I mean don't
worry you will be treated like animals
in the zoo but you will be well fed and
it will be all nice so the relevant
things will be decided by other forces
okay that's the scenario we have to make
sure that in the long run machines are
serving the people and not the other way
around
but I think if I draw a line I think the
opportunities of AI are much much bigger
and I have to admit that I'm under the
impression of a with that visit that I
made I I was visiting the company magic
leap in Florida I don't know if I mean
you have heard about it Business Insider
reported on it in a slightly skeptical
tone by the way what I've seen here is
really mind-blowing I think that is
going to be the next game changer it is
really providing the mixed reality with
options to do things in parallel to
seize things in parables to consume
things in parallel and to do that all
with a very inclusive experience virtual
reality as we know it is very exclusive
you sit there with your glass and if you
want to watch a soccer match with your
friend you can barely talk because
everybody is sitting there with this
glass with this tool it's a totally
different it's a different experience
it's very collective it's very
communicative and it's just mind-blowing
I think it has the potential to replace
a lot of devices that we use today we
will see I mean it's a long way to go
but you find that tremendously exciting
do you with magically do you have to
wear a big backpack filled with
batteries and ugly glasses I signed an
NDA so I cannot give you any details
about the product that starts but I tell
you you will be amazed how simple it is
okay Mattia is so great to have you
thanks very much everybody
please welcome Jeff Zucker with Mike
shields
and
morning Jeff hi doing I'm doing well
Mike thank you hadn't row and roba got
in here yeah we took the elevator up
alright good thanks for thanks for
coming so I I thought I knew what we're
gonna start talking about and then
yesterday there was a lot of stuff in
the news and it would be impossible not
to ask you it about what happened with
what did you know about Matt Lauer and
what when what and are you and are and
how are you
reconciling that with what's going on in
arresting me industry yeah so look
obviously it's incredibly incredibly
disturbing what what we've learned in
the last 24 hours from the reporting
from New York Times and variety and
incredibly incredibly sad first of all
you know you have to feel for the women
who endured this and and and lived with
it and and have come forward and you
know obviously I've known Matt for 25
years and I didn't know this Matt and
you didn't see this comment you didn't
know look I mean what's chronicled
incredibly well and in variety and the
New York Times is you know deviant and
predatory behavior and you know
obviously that is not something that I
was ever aware of or had even heard of
or had ever been suggested or anything
like that and it's just incredibly
incredibly heartbreaking was the when
you were there the Today The Today Show
was it like it's been depicted as a real
boys club
raucous kind of place what is that is
that a fair characterization and yeah so
so I've been gone from the face show for
17 years right so I was at the Today
Show I was executive producing the Today
Show from 1990 to 1992 to 2000 and you
know that's not a character raised the
way that I would have characterized the
show at all at the time
and you know obviously you know in that
time that I was there I was at NBC for
25 years for five years of my career you
know no one ever brought to me or to my
knowledge that was never there was never
a complaint about Matt there was never a
suggestion of that kind of deviant
predatory behavior not even a whisper of
it nothing like that so you know I can't
I can't say that that's the culture that
that we lived in right what about what
we'll definitely ships topics in a
second here what about it CNN right now
I imagine every media every company in
the country but every every media
company is reconciling with this right
or trying to figure out do we have a
problem what's going on I know that this
Jake Tapper's show there was an
announcement yesterday what's been going
on CNN with him amidst all this yeah
look I mean obviously I think I don't
think it's just the media world either
right obviously but clearly the media
world is not immune we had a senior
producer on one of our programs in
Washington State of the Union where
there were there was a behavior that was
completely inconsistent with our
standards and and culture and and we
dismissed him last week and you know
look like like the way that NBC was when
I was there the way CNN is today if we
are aware of any if any of that is
brought to our attention we'll
investigate immediately and that's what
we did last week and I think that you
know I'm sure that's what's going on
everywhere shifting gears a little bit I
want to ask you about another topic that
I don't know how much you can say about
but in a year from now are you gonna be
working for AT&T you
be working for somebody else with wood
well first of all that's out of out of
our control
I assume that we'll be working for AT&T
but certainly that will be determined by
others they tell you much they know
listen at CNN you know even though we're
part of these stories in this we are you
know it's not something that that
impacts our affects us at all
it's you know we're doing our jobs and
and you know we work for Time Warner now
and if we work for AT&T so be it but we
come in we do our jobs every day who we
who were working for is not something
that that we spend frankly any time
think write about any time alright let's
let's get into what's going on with CNN
your business I want to read you this is
a from a prominent media critic a quote
Fox do we have a name do we have a name
I'll get today Fox News is much more
important in the United States and CNN
but outside of the US CNN International
is still a major source of parentheses
fake news and they represent our nation
to the world very poorly the outside
world does not see the truth from them
explanation point he is a terrible media
critic how do you guys get bigger in the
US well I mean we're enormous in in the
US if that's how that's the question
listen in terms of our performance in
the u.s. this is the CNN has been around
for 37 years this is the most-watched
year in the history of CNN on television
in terms of digital we're the number one
most consumed news and information
digital platform in the United States
there are global rankings but we'd be at
the top if there were global rankings as
well so more people touch us through our
digital and television than than any
other news organization there is I want
to ask you what this last year has been
like I might let's go back if you want
to tell everybody in case they don't
know who said that
that was but that was president drama
right
if there's a lot of them actually I
could take that what so he tweeted that
over the weekend yeah and yeah we don't
we don't talk okay all those I love to
when was I imagine was there a meeting
let's say year and change ago at CNN
saying you know this elections been
crazy it's been great for business but
we got to prepare Hillary's presidency
is gonna be kind of dull and I we got to
expect some ratings to come down it's
gonna be we're gonna find something else
to cover was it was it
were those kind of conversations
happening well I mean I think that
certainly you know we've evolved the CNN
business over the last few years where
we we did not expect this kind of news
bump news interest I don't think any
news organization did whether it's the
New York Times The Washington Post ABC
CBS NBC and so you know we've been
evolving our business which is why we've
invested so heavily in digital and move
so strongly to that it's why we've
invested heavily in original series and
documentaries and films shows like
Anthony Bourdain parts unknown and Lisa
Ling's this is life and the decades
series of the 60s 70s 80s 90s and race
for the White House and things like that
and so we were evolved we've been
evolving the business in anticipation of
you know continuing lessening of
audience and things like that
so we felt we were preparing for a
different world and but that evolution
has been taking place over the last five
years we could never have anticipated
the audience levels that we're seeing
now and and and the interest in both our
television and digital properties look
the one thing you know the one thing
that I'm incredibly proud of beyond the
audience levels for television and
digital is the journalism that we've
been doing and and that's really what
drives us the one thing I know for sure
between the New York Times and The
Washington Post and CNN the one thing
that I know for sure is that Donald
Trump has made American journalism great
again what about that
it's it's got to be incredibly
exhilarating to cover this White House
but there's and there's got to be
intense pressure and you guys everybody
wants to be everybody wants to break
these crazy huge stories you guys ran
into some trouble pushing pushing your
a particular story about this white
house what is it what was that like and
what does this been what is this you're
been like Trump I think you're referring
to we made a mistake on a story yeah
yeah I mean look we've had an incredible
year and our journalism has been at the
forefront we made we did make one
mistake on a story and when we made it
we acknowledged it that really has not
had any any impact on our organization
at all and not something you know other
than to acknowledge the mistake and make
sure that it doesn't happen again
we've you know broken an incredible
number of stories this year on the on
holding Washington's feet to the fire
and holding the administration
accountable and and investigating what
happened during the election I am
incredibly proud of the work that we've
done so yes it's intense it's
exhilarating it's exhausting it's
never-ending you never know what the
next day is gonna bring but but I'm
incredibly proud of of where we are and
and it's this is I think the the the
high point of of CNN's 37 years let's
talk about what you guys are doing with
your digital business because there's
you're investing in original IP you've
got you building up building up you
digital talent you're also there's talk
about doing some kind of paid experience
right we're certainly looking at that we
are yes what how do you how do you take
what what has been a largely free
product from afar for a couple decades
now and make it special enough in this
current climate to make it worth paying
yeah well I think what you're going to
see over the next year without any
timetable on it is is you know what will
experiment with with some different
things we're not going to move to a to a
pay wall per se or anything like that
can we have certain elements of it that
are subscription and and and unique
offerings that wouldn't necessarily be
part of what we do today I think that
we're gonna experiment with that just as
we continue to grow out that digital
business what can talk let's talk about
great big story which is your I guess
when it started it was a born on social
brand
like yes so tributed media Brannon now
it's evolving yes so I think this is one
of the most exciting things that's going
on at CNN that that hasn't gotten much
attention it's a it's a brand that was
born two years ago so it's only it's
only been around for two years it
carries no really not CN it carries no
CNN branding it's called great big story
it had and we didn't want to saddle it
with the with the legacy implications
that come with CNN people think when
they see CNN they think breaking news
they think news breaking news etc that's
not what we wanted a great big story to
be with so it's the only business that
we've ever launched in 37 years that
doesn't that doesn't carry the the CNN
branding what it is is basically two and
a half minute stories two and a half
minute video sort of stuff short form
video storytelling that frankly reaches
an audience that we don't reach in in
either CNN US television or the rest of
digital the average age of the consumer
is 27 years old male global it's really
the bullseye for what advertisers always
say they want to reach and we've had
tremendous success with it it's it's
exploded in two years as a start-up and
it's probably one of our biggest growth
engines over the next five years within
the entire company and I believe you're
you want to go from just being
distributor and social media to
eventually to build an OTT Network right
right so like yeah why go there yeah
well that's the right way to take that
yes well I mean so so one of the things
that we're looking at over in probably
the next couple years is whether or not
there's an opportunity to expand this
into a full-fledged OTT offering I think
part of it is we've had such success
with it there's been such demand for
that kind of short short form video we
think there's an opportunity in the
marketplace everybody is out there
trying to do video and all of these new
startups are figuring out that it's not
so easy it's what we do
yeah it's and so I think one of the
reasons that we've had success with it
is because it's in our DNA and you know
this has been the big story over the
last few years
everybody wants to move into short form
video and they found out you know what
it's not so easy for us it's actually
what we do and we've got a lot of
success with it yeah what do you make of
all of a sudden there's a moment where
you've got Mashable selling from much
lower than a thought alright BuzzFeed's
laying people off right she's having
trouble like trouble right so yes so
coming yeah look I so I think that that
is what's going on right now across the
industry it turns out it's not so easy
it turns out that you know people visit
people pivoted you know a year or two
ago to video because their initial thing
wasn't working right and you know so you
know that's the first sign that you're
having trouble is okay well we're gonna
leave that behind we're gonna yeah we're
gonna pivot the video now the next sign
is well that didn't work
you know and now we're gonna sell for a
lot less or we're not going to be able
to make it I think that what we've been
able to do is because of the
infrastructure that's already in place
we at CNN because of the fact that we're
in the video business we've been able to
to launch this new business successfully
and I think that with others falling by
the wayside our our run rate and an
opportunity over the next five years is
very strong do you think that's
interesting or do you think you're like
let's say your digital operations or
great big story or both words were not
part of this company no I think they
live on their own yeah look I think that
it's a it's a fair point to say that we
enjoy the advantage of the overall
infrastructure if we were if we were
just a pure startup without that I don't
think it would be as easy and I think
that's what these other companies are
experiencing and I think that everybody
goes to the shiny object because oh you
know they've got the secret sauce and
everybody talks about all these new
companies that you just mentioned and
then you know here we are five years
later and it's not quite as special and
nobody wants to talk about the digital
success of CNN or the or the or the
audience levels at CNN digital CNN
digital Dwarfs every other news and
information site there is no one's even
close
even among Millennials and yet it's
because it's part of that old CNN that
nobody wants to acknowledge that CNN
digital is
incredibly strong incredibly profitable
incredibly successful and maybe it's
time to take another look at at you know
what wasn't the bright shiny object
speaking of Millennials I know we're
running out of time quickly or the there
you know the TV business really well
that is under fire there's a decreasing
amount of pressure because Millennials
and younger generations don't want to
watch live television air and their
binging they're screaming they're
cutting the cord how is that affect
where do you see things going like I do
see a big future for CNN and skinny
bundles Oh is he gonna be a whole
different so listen we're not chasing
Millennials per se in the CNN us
television audience
that's not who's gonna watch us the fact
the fact is the average age of our
audience at CNN us is 59 years old
now that sounds old only when you then
compare it to the rest of the news
channels whose average age is 65 right
right
and you know there's a huge difference
between 59 and 65 so if we go chasing
Millennials to watch CNN we're gonna
fail that's not gonna that's not gonna
work that's why we have digital where
the average age of our audience there is
47 that's why we have great big story
where the average age of our audience is
27 right and so they all complement each
other but now we do know that when news
breaks and when people want to really
dig in when when something that's
happening Millennials do come to CNN
yeah they know that that's the place to
go but they're not gonna watch us on a
regular basis and an ongoing thing and
if we chase them then we're gonna chase
away what is our core audience and so
we're just not going to do that so what
happens to your your you were random
programming them you see if a long time
or senior what happens to the T the
broader TV ad ecosystem industrial
complex like it yeah so look I I would
not want to be in broadcast ad supported
television over the next five to ten
years I think that's obviously a very
difficult proposition what would you do
it I we have read about green ball here
yesterday he was talking about how this
is Isis if you can't but if you count
how many people watch it over like a you
know it's three six months and you add
all that up but the business doesn't
really work the set up for that so what
should they do what well look I think
that in the broadcast space I think
there's going to be much more of a move
to live events whether that's news
sports and event kind of programming and
they'll have a cop
full of they'll have a couple of big
hits like this is us or you know one or
two others but but it's really gonna be
an event-driven business between sports
and news and and and you know award
shows and events like that and I think
that's where that business is going all
right time has flown by here though your
thanks Jeff for having a great
discussion but a we could talk all day I
hope we got to keep going
thank you Mike neckties please welcome
and fennekin with Michael Casson
thank you and good afternoon or good
morning ink magazine recently published
an article that said in the banking
industry they cited a Gallup poll that
said one in four Americans trust their
bank clearly three and four Americans at
that time did not know an fennekin it's
true listed by Forbes and fortune is one
of the most powerful women and named one
of the ten most powerful women in
banking and as a true force as I see it
she is one of the most powerful and
trusted people in banking and business
period and I'm honored to say a good
friend and a partner in an era of
tremendous disruption for financial for
the financial industry and has put her
laser focus on creating positive
relationships between the bank and its
many customers she passed the CMO torch
recently to meredith ford own so that
she could spend more time deploying the
bank's capital to deliver and develop
new types of businesses such as
underwriting green bonds and the
company's broader catalytic finance
initiative recently in over a period of
time the bank invested 1 billion dollars
toward the goal of stimulating at least
10 billion dollars in new investment in
clean energy projects she has proven
without a doubt that a company can as
they should do well and at the same time
do good so with that it's a pleasure to
end to welcome and Finnick into the
stage today thank you Michael and you're
a self-proclaimed hippie and and you
know I think that's a great way to
describe you as we as we've developed a
friendship and a wonderful close working
relationship you majored in literature
and art history in in college how did
you make the transition from literature
and art history to the role as vice
chairman of one of the most important
financial institutions in the world just
curious that what that journey was like
slow but the you know I have great
gratitude to Ken Burns and Lynn Novak
for the Vietnam series on PBS I
recommend it to everyone and in full
disclosure we underwrote it so but but I
think it explains people of a certain
age
your age I think it would be hard either
I mean most of us was probably some form
of a hippie in so much it's our social
lives were dedicated many of us not all
of us to protesting the war supporting
our troops but protesting the war and we
were disaggregated I mean we were the
ultimate disaggregated generation and so
much as I you know started high school
as LBJ said they wouldn't run for a
second term and I concluded or I was in
college didn't conclude college when
Nixon resigned and that was the
coming-of-age period for me so I don't
think that I would even have had some
sense of what business was it just was
not there I mean it wasn't in the public
dialog because so much else was and once
I got to work and started working I
realized I really liked business now I
began in government then broadcasting
then advertising and got to banking sort
of in an odd way I was the chief
marketing officer I thought I'd try this
gig briefly and discovered it was the
land of mergers and acquisitions which
means a lot of time out a lot of crisis
a lot of gaining the trust of various
constituencies that's what I felt I know
how to do so that's how I get into
banking so and as you are in the
position you're in now I'm certain a lot
of resumes come across your desk yeah at
some level in the organization and
throughout your experience what do you
look for do you look for somebody that's
you know come from banking do you look
somebody's got that Financial Services
background or do you look at somebody
who had maybe art history and you know
literature it because it's interesting
you you in many industries we've seen
where somebody from the outside comes in
and they generally are rejected as a
foreign object and they in the learning
curve is tough and the acceptance is
tough and all that what do you look for
in the people you're bringing aboard
well first of all I think it's hard for
anybody to join anything
even if it's into a marriage when you're
a single person you know joining a tribe
of any sort so that's that you know the
first sort of element is that's
difficult no matter what but I look for
I mean obviously I look for core
competency generally you're looking for
a specific job and then beyond that
curiosity your ability to work you know
the same thing we got in grade school
how well do you work with others I
didn't realize how important that would
be as an adult but that's really
important
I build criteria now I say the people
that I would choose to deal with have to
tick three boxes they have to have
integrity
that's table stakes yeah I'm snobbish
enough to say they should have intellect
and the third thing and I think maybe
metaphorically one of the most important
is are they fun on a bus yeah you know
are they going to be people that you can
yeah can they get are they willing to be
on the bus are they willing to be on the
bus with others a and B will they be fun
on that bus yeah you know there's so
many great individual contributors but
when you're trying to build a team that
doesn't work out so well
I mean I whether it's a sports team or a
team at a bank or anywhere else and you
experienced it at least in our
generation you know we certainly knew
from our parents about the other
recession but you know depression but
you experienced 2008 in a senior
position at a financial institution that
went through extraordinarily difficult
times right you know and you're on the
other side of that now and and yet it's
not far behind us and you always have to
be mindful can you talk a bit about and
you please riff on this how how you
maintained equilibrium how you kept that
focus at a time when the the Nader the
trust was gone everybody thought their
banks were and and and by the way it's a
compound question it's no different than
the impact that we're having in the
industry today in the advertising
marketing of media industry would the
breakdown of trust and the need for
transparency and these things that are
going down down the lane here between
clients and agencies you've been on both
sides of that you began your career as a
in an advertising agency so paint if you
could talk about how those things how
you weathered it and
and kind of make the analogy to what's
happening today in the advertising and
marketing industry well just to make the
analogy I think the thing is is that
when you're in trouble you got to call
it for what it is so I find that almost
in any crisis there's always that
element of people that want to put
rose-colored glasses or think it isn't
that bad or hey maybe no one else
noticed they all noticed and maybe no
one else is talking about it they are
talking about it so I think the first
thing is recognize your reality second
thing is what's your game playing and
then the third thing is realize it's
going to take a while and despite the
fact that it's going to take a while you
still have to go at it every day which
is can be innovating so you have to find
a way to make it interesting you know
what I think about this which is what
made it interesting for me and the
banking crisis is to learn something new
every day even if it was something bad I
mean master what the issues were so
there were all these arcane vehicles in
finance that you had not heard about
before you probably wouldn't hear about
again CDO squared these these these
products that were fairly toxic and and
complicated but to learn about them and
to recognize okay what is the essence of
this and how would we not ever do that
again
the one - I do think it mattered
particularly in the financial services
industry less in the advertising agency
business that there were too many older
white men at the top and not enough
diversity and that is largely changed
and it's really made a difference and
it's made a difference in one simple way
when you're around a table with people
that you have not hung with for 20 years
and you have different opinions and you
came from different places you tend to
ask questions so if something comes up
and you're not sure of it you say I wait
a minute could we go back here for a
minute and I think that that is a
formula that really helps for our own
company we also had the advantage of a a
new CEO came an Brian Moynihan who I had
worked with for years
he recognized our reality he called it
for what it is we rebuilt the company
which is not to say we never have a
problem but it has transparency you
rebuilt the company right I believe that
in the agency business to recognize that
the problem is real to become more
transparent and the agency business to
me is a little like the banking business
in so much as while you're going through
your own issue the world is changing at
such a rapid pace that you also have to
be thinking about that so for us we go
into the financial crisis with fairly
traditional media I mean you had
Facebook you didn't have Twitter you
didn't have snapchat and YouTube was
sort of a nascent thing by the time
you're two years in they are all at full
Rev and you're going to deal with that
too that's what I think for me
advertising agencies that for so long
had a certain hierarchy in a certain way
of making money it's all changed and
you've got to deal with that even as you
deal with a controversy and those that
can do that multitasking win that's a
great way to look at it because the
ability to walk and chew gum is a
requirement of business today and I want
to come back to the to the diversity
because it's obviously as we just heard
in the previous conversation with Mike
and Jeff I'm not in a conversation now
in our world covering all the different
industries that we look at where this
issue of diversity but this issue of me
to this issue of the the obvious
challenge that so many companies and so
many individuals are facing and how
again it's not unique to the
entertainment industry it seems that
it's more prevalent but it's not unique
to the entertainment industry I think
every industries got the issues how are
you dealing with that in an area where
you've always been involved in
empowerment and in diversity and in
gender equality and obviously you
yourself being such a wonderful example
of that in the boardroom what's how is
it impacting the day job at the Bank of
America
I mean and I'll pause
this I have friends of mine which i
think is a ridiculous answer
I have friends of mine in the
entertainment business who say yeah I
won't have a meeting now I'm not saying
this I've heard this with with with a
woman with the door closed
and my answer to that is that's
just act appropriately and you can close
the door open door you do whatever you
want it's not as long as you're not
doing things that are inappropriate how
do we how do we avoid that unconscious
bias making its way in which we've been
fighting so hard to get away from kind
of a compound question but yeah so
gender equality and predators are two
different things so on gender equality I
think that we are getting there we're
not quite there yet but we're certainly
getting there in our own company forty
percent of the seat most senior
management team the executive management
team are women the board is 30 percent
women and once you get that kind of
torque behind something you're gonna get
momentum the second thing is you have to
have a culture that is intolerant of
this kind of behavior but we're talking
about individuals who are predators not
individuals that miss behave badly or
are big difference and I think that it's
been very difficult for the women that
have come forward and to shine a light
on this is is a brave thing I mean the
thing is what we hope for all the young
women that come along that we hire
mentor our children or that are in this
audience that you don't deal with what
some women before you dealt with because
it's it's just wrong and it's and
sometimes criminal but but it's
certainly wrong and I think it is it has
been underreported for years so I'm good
with this this is this is a moment in
time and I think we should seize the
opportunity to bring it out in the open
and it would be great if women could
come to work and not think I got to
think about all this stuff at the same
time and this thing about well now I'm
not going to travel with a woman or I'm
not going to do that so that's like how
convenient not listen to me I think it's
it's a it's a non-starter as
the answer to the question he was docked
appropriately you shouldn't have to
change anything you do yeah give me
their names exactly exactly
and ignition tries to focus on the
future okay what's happening in media
and marketing and bringing it back to
where we first you know engaged and got
the chance to work together and as I
mentioned you began your career at an
advertising agency right it's such a
different game today and it's such the
players are different today marketing
and you and I chatted about this the
other day you know Proctor and Gamble
for so long spoke about the final moment
of truth for their consumer was in the
shopping in the mall you know in the
supermarket or at the drugstore in the
aisle when you shoes their product is
all about the endcap right and and that
was that final moment of truth the final
moment truth today is in your
conversation with Alexa or certainly in
an online experience that's the final
moment of truth where the consumer where
she's making that choice right there not
the way she made it before how are you
dealing with that in the context of Bank
of America because that assistant that
that Alexa whichever whichever device we
end up you know choosing is gonna make
your marketing decisions for you it's
where you're going to get the
information that's well actually all
this has been good for us so the first
thing is we have 50 million customers we
probably have like 30 billion touch
points that are not physical with our
customers either online I mean online
banking is so big or transfer of money
that sort of thing
we also have a a virtual assistant in a
product call Erica so you can ask Erica
in the same way you would use Alexa and
Erica is a derivative of the word
America what's my balance can you
transfer this can you pay that please
pay this bill if I could I call her yes
as long as you're a customer I don't
know that you are there you go
absolutely so first of all we use it
artificial intelligence both for that
and and and also in terms of predictive
modeling I mean the whole thing in
financial services
is predictive modeling for life
priorities and if you can't anticipate
what your next product would be I would
be is largely based on where you are in
your in the cycle in a cycle so we
embrace it but I would tell you that but
so that's artificial intelligence that's
an that's that's supplementing the
information and the data you're getting
and that's on the product on the
marketing probably 70% of what we do is
mobile or social and not traditional
media but I still see a role for
traditional media I think those media
companies and I say this very broadly
because I think of the Washington Post
and Facebook both as media companies I
know there's dialogue about whether
facebook's a technology company but it
is indeed still a media company to us
those that can look at it horizontally
and vertically are the ones that we do
business with and and and that that
brings up a good question you obviously
do business across the spectrum you do
business with the traditional companies
the main the traditional media companies
that we all know that the bold-faced
names that we know but you've also done
lots of tests and learn and and and real
projects and are an important partner of
Facebook and Google and snap and vice
and BuzzFeed and and you know a lot of
these that are getting close to
household names certainly right and this
one's a tough question to answer but do
you feel that that the promise of the
emerging companies is being delivered in
terms of the goals you set with them
because you're very prescribed I mean
and I mean that with a great compliment
you know what you want you're you're
clear as a marketer and now in your role
as vice-chairman of what the kpi's
should look like you you you establish
them I mean you do it's no Bologna with
you as a partner are you getting what
you expect from the emerging companies
are they delivering the promise yes some
are in some aren't and sometimes we're
not the best partner either so you have
you you agree on an outcome but if
I mean in many of these emerging
companies there's a little bit of a bet
here so if you're doing a program with
an emerging company shall we say and you
agree on what the content of the program
is you've got to have some flexibility
as well as expecting them to sort of
skate to the puck of what we're trying
to achieve so I do believe in
partnerships a a command and control
just doesn't work so if if if I were to
have KPIs and I just expected them to
deliver and I were a Atilla the Hun on
the other side of that what did I get
out of it let alone what did they get
out of it
so you have to be pretty flexible about
this didn't work but maybe it didn't
work because we didn't have the right
story I mean I really believe everything
is about storytelling everything if you
can put together a beginning middle and
end that you know is compelling to your
audience and then you go to the right
audience and you deliver on that and
then you don't think everything's
cookie-cutter so what you're doing at
Facebook is not the same as snapchat
which is not the same as vice which is
not the same as what we're putting on in
a 30-second commercial but it should
integrate the same way that you kind of
live your life integrates and it nets to
something that's the value so any one of
those could have delivered but in
aggregate maybe it didn't because we
didn't get it right so we have to be we
have to be thinking in that with that
kind of flexibility we did not have to
do that 10 years ago at Farpoint and I
want it I want to end with something
that's highly important to you and I
talked about at the beginning so I made
a promise to beginning and I want to
make sure I deliver on it now if you
could talk a bit about you know that
concept of doing well and doing good and
and how your program around
environmental and social and the
governance issues how are you seeing
that manifest itself and is the support
there from the community and you get the
appropriate respect back from your
consumer base from your customer base
for being specific to that one of the
big stories was when the lead building
that your New York office I mean oh yeah
the first
first I scary / I mean you've actually
not just my grandmother used to say
don't read people's lips watch their
feet so you've actually not only said
the things you've actually done the
things yeah can you talk a bit about
that to kind of wrap up today sure so
the idea of capital deployment is I mean
financial institutions are like
financial transportation systems we
either help you make something happen or
we don't and we'd like to help make
things happen so we'd like to move the
economies forward that helps us so in
this case in the environmental space or
probably more generally in the sort of
UN sustainable development goals these
are hard things to tackle it's hard to
get water to places that are you know
don't don't have water or to help women
in small businesses in third-world
countries but if you can get others to
join with you you can reduce risk so
we've been able to do that by working
with other financial institutions and
Development Bank's the European
Development Bank the World Bank here and
with nonprofits and using different
tranches of financing so that would be
philanthropic dollars development
dollars commercial bank dollars private
equity dollars all stacking up against
one problem where we are looking for a
blended return so obviously if we were
looking for something that was like a
municipal bond like a 3% and private
equity wanted something greater on a
collective basis we can move things
forward that we never would have been
able to do before like a Wildlife
Sanctuary in Kenya or a wind farm in the
North Sea or a so solar for 30,000 homes
in Spain that we simply wouldn't have
been able to do I would say bringing
this back to the media we also could do
none of this without the role of social
media which has really been the
breakthrough for us because you have to
as I said before you have to be able to
tell a story beginning middle and end
and it doesn't really acclimate itself
particularly effective
two TV commercials in order to even sort
of more traditional media it works
beautifully in social media getting the
story out but not only getting the story
out but getting feedback and then
improving from there and there's so much
more I'd love to talk about in this
current environment but unfortunately
we're out of time I want to thank you
for taking the time this morning and I
want to thank you for your attention
thank you all good thank you please join
us in the getti lounge for a short break
ladies and gentlemen please take your
seats the program will begin in five
minutes
ladies and gentlemen please take your
seats the program is about to begin
please welcome Anisha Rajaram with Steve
Kovac
welcome back so I have an itch here he's
the CEO of viewed now a lot of people
here are probably viewed users and they
don't even know it so why don't you just
give them a quick explanation of what
you does before we really dive in sure
Steve so firstly thanks for having me
really excited to be here and shared the
story of you'd as well let's talk a
little bit about the OTT space so viewed
really is the world's largest enabler of
streaming television every year nearly
50 million devices around the world ship
with our software so we create software
that enables streaming so these are TVs
with smart it's built into them right
that's right so you have smart TV
vendors such as Sony Vizio and Hisense
set the box providers such as TiVo eros
Jem calm a TV operators such as Verizon
Swisscom Sky in the UK all of them rely
on view to enable the streaming
experiences on their devices and on the
other hand you have content owners such
as YouTube Amazon Hulu Pandora Spotify
they rely on you to distribute their
apps and content to these 50 million
devices globally so really if you think
about us we unite this entire very
complicated ecosystem together and we're
really the Swizzle in of the space so we
enable all of these rivalries to exist
and an enable end-users to consume the
content that they love and you I don't
know if spun-out is the right word but
you started with opera right which is
that what the web web web browser that
the open source web browser now you're
transitioning this to television right
that's right so viewed as a new name in
the industry if you think about it
because you know we only launched our
brand three months ago at IBC in
Amsterdam but really our history is for
over a decade we operated as a TV
division inside Opera Software the
makers of the famous opera web browser
and we launched the first Smart TV back
in 2007 as the TV division of Opera
together with Philips we enabled the
world's first streaming device which is
really the Nintendo Wii back in 2006 Wow
so our history with Smart TV and OTT go
back over a decade but we recently
rebranded as viewed as as reason two
three months ago right and so a good way
I guess I think of it is you guys are
one of the big
app stores on smart TVs right is that a
right but it's more than Smart TVs we
also have the pay TV operator record
system we have blu-ray players such as
LG Samsung and Panasonic so you can
safely say that we're the world's
largest connected TV echo system given
that we're shipping our software or
nearly 50 million devices a year great
so let's talk about the space as a whole
so we have these big players Netflix
Amazon and so forth once you talk a
little bit about the other guys there
are these niche channels out there what
kind of grow three sing there and what
is your advice to these more niche
channels as they experiment with the
space yeah obviously so um OTT is a big
opportunity if you think about OTT is
really flattening the world you see
people that invested earlier on such as
Netflix in YouTube they've created very
very large engineering teams inside
their organizations
sensing the global opportunity that OTT
will provide and Netflix did that so
about this 10 years ago they just
flicked a switch and Netflix was global
they were global exactly so they built
all the know-how in-house to be able to
actually make that opportunity global so
if you think about the smaller niche
content players it's tremendously hard
to build those engineering organizations
and compete with the likes of Netflix
and YouTube on technology but guess what
there are players like view there are
players like Roku there are players like
Android TV that provide these these
content owners with all the tools that
they need to actually get out there and
get their content in front of the end
users previously this was hard before
OTT came about
now OTT has really flattened that world
and made it easy for them to get in
front of audiences and would you say
that's a good thing I mean back in the
day before OTT was a thing if I wanted
to start a channel about I don't know
'get exercises or something I would have
to convince the cable company to carry
me now it's much different right I just
built an app on your platform and boom I
have users that's exactly it and also
the call the cost of actually
distributing a content via OTT is very
attractive granted the economics are
vastly different from what you have on
traditional pay TV channels but for
nisha providers of content OTT is
certainly the the path to market and
then talk a little bit about so
to use the buzzwords cord cutter cutting
cord never more more people are
gravitating towards these OTT services
obviously everyone's gonna do Netflix
Alvis or an HBO and Hulu and the big
guys but then there are these smaller
ones how do you view down the road these
new kind of internet bundles looking
like where you just kind of pick and
choose the streaming services that work
for you what what does that look like
well those are the two parts to your
question Radley so let's take the first
one first which is what will the device
landscape look for for over the top
television consumption so what we're
seeing really is that you know we're
reaching the peak of possibilities as it
relates to consumers choice for
consuming streaming television but at
the same time what we're also seeing is
that the most popular eyes format for
consuming this was framing devices and
that's actually on the decline
so streaming devices meaning meaning
devices such as Roku and Amazons fire TV
devices chromecast Apple TV as the
category streaming devices are actually
on the decline if you think about just
Black Friday and Cyber Monday now there
was I think about 15 billion worth of
sales and the largest category was
actually Smart TV and so Smart TV is the
only category a given Smart TVs
streaming media players blu-ray players
a set of boxes spot setter boxes if you
take all these categories that enable
streaming television game consoles
included Smart TV is the only category
that's growing so we see Smart TV is
really the future given by a number of
other trends that match and and speak to
that that future so these streaming
services that are looking to launch
towards consumers first have to start
taking notice that the platform to be on
for the future is actually smart TV it's
that's the first thing they need to
accept when the second thing is that the
opportunity to promote that content on
Smart TV and to rely that there's a
quality experience provided to end
consumers is actually here today so
these Smart TV platforms have gotten
very powerful you know users can
actually expect to get a good quality of
experience of the services on the
platform now they're powerful but it's
also insanely fragmented so we have
Samsung has their own thing LG has their
own there's viewed there's Apple TV
there's
enjoy TV there's Roku what I'm missing
Amazon yep so when you're working with
these developers obviously it's easy for
Netflix to just go out there and just
make it half that works on all these
platforms what about the other more
niche smaller guys yeah so thankfully
you do have tools from each and every
one of these ecosystems you spoke about
so to break that down
Pisan from samsung is probably in the US
the largest by volume by shipment second
is actually viewed we're sitting with
close to 30% of the market in the US and
then you got LG and Roku and the others
coming on board Android is actually very
very small portion of the global SmartTV
market including in the US so but each
and every one of these ecosystems offer
tools for content owners to bring their
content to audiences and you also have a
whole host of agencies small agencies
large agencies like dan tech that are
very willing to help these content
owners get onto those platforms so
you're right it is fragmented we're
doing our part to unite as much as we
can off that fragmentation and but I do
think that in the next years that
fragmentation would would would dissolve
yeah what does that look like this that
look like consolidation do the smaller
ones fail and disappear and then people
kind of gravitate towards one or two
platforms what do you think that looks
like yeah so you are seeing the sort of
mid to long tail of these operating
system fragmentations disappear and
that's being united by players such as
viewed and and Roku so really I think in
the long term what you will see is I
don't think that we're gonna reach the
dynamics of the mobile ecosystem where
you have just two key players to focus
on and the reason for that is you know
you've got to go down to the way these
TVs are built and the cost structure of
these TVs you have high-end TVs you have
mid-end TVs you have low-end TVs they
all have different Bill of Materials
some of these operating systems are only
propositions for the high-end TVs such
as Android TV right but if you know Sony
wants to ship a mid to low end TV they
can't stick Android on those TVs yet so
they have to fragment the the operating
system environment what we can do for
them is make sure that you know no
matter which operating system they
choose will be on there right for
content owners it means you're just
building for one ecosystem right and so
your play here is you can work on the
four thousand dollar TVs but you can
also work on the four hundred dollar
team that's right we can work on the
Android TV we can work on the Roku TV we
can work on Samsung's webOS
and sorry or LG's webOS if he should
great so I want to talk about something
that has a lot of people worried in the
ott world and that's the impending
repeal of net neutrality by all
indications it seems like on December
14th
there was regulations here in the US are
gonna go out the window you guys are
based in Europe have there are different
rules out there I got two parts of this
question first part is what are you
seeing in Europe as far as the the
regulations how that affects investments
and OTT services and then what are you
hearing from people here in the US as
this repeal just looms closer and closer
sure that's a great question hot topic
of the moments yeah it should address it
so firstly the first part of the
question what are we seeing in Europe
completely the opposite short-story you
know I live in Norway viewed as
headquartered in Norway and we just
signed the net neutrality laws that EU
proposed to support net neutrality but
but really what we're seeing is that net
neutrality is becoming more pervasive in
in Europe people are respecting net
neutrality you have some countries such
as the UK and Portugal that are in the
mobile landscape doing a slightly
different direction or experimenting
with a different direction but by and
large there's there's a lot of unity
around net neutrality in Europe it's
fundamental for the openness of society
in Europe because content should operate
on a level playing field that's the
belief what we're seeing in the u.s. is
I mean it's a little bit worrying
because it's likely going in the
opposite direction and what that means
is that the niche content owners
especially take for example we have some
partners producing fantastic
environmental content in 4k or extreme
sports in 4k for them to transmit that
content to their audience which we now
establish will be an OTT first audience
is going to become more and more
challenging the economics right they're
trying to build a business on this new
kind of platform something they could
have never done before without spider
net without these connected devices and
now they have this major barrier looming
on them here in the US
exactly so the economics don't work out
the end subscribe or the enthusiasts
lose out because they can't consume that
content on 4k and their television
because of the quality of experience
they might expect
and really it's it blends a lens to a
winner-take-all scenario where the
people that can spend will win that's
really not the world that we're we're at
least trying to create that view so the
little guys lose here's the winners the
Comcast's the Netflix is that's right
the Amazons that's right and so just
another trend in Europe what we're
seeing is that the large communication
providers they actually investing in
infrastructure to support this plethora
of OTT that's coming the consumers way
right and they're looking at you know
rolling back some of the profits they
make from selling broadband into
infrastructure to increase the capacity
of the pipe so it's a completely
different model of thinking and where
I'm really eager to hear the next
session of course which I'm sure
Lawrence is going to give us a bit of
yeah well dive into that which is that's
also interesting what you said about
investment because one of chairman of G
PI the head of the FCC one of his key
arguments is that because of these net
neutrality rules we have now broadband
companies aren't investing and making it
easier for these companies to do it
let's take away these shackles and
regulation and then suddenly it's gonna
open up but what you're saying in Europe
which has in many countries these
protections the investments already
happening that's right
they're happening we're all consumers of
those investments today we're getting
fantastic four key experiences from
various different content owners by OTT
on our streaming devices so hopefully a
GPI is watching now I'm sure he's
thinking really carefully let's talk a
little bit about another thing we're
seeing in OTT over the last year and a
half two years we've seen the the the
expansion of these live TV services so I
think I've lost count there sling TV
YouTube TV Hulu's going live Amazon was
thinking about it but they kind of
decided not to do it AT&T and DirecTV I
think I didn't say them yet they're they
have their own product so today if I'm a
chord cutter or a chord never I can
still get live TV is that what the
future of live looks like I have to kind
of get these skinny bundles from various
places or just talk a little bit about
that well you surrender yeah yeah so the
future of live TV is is massive
opportunity for consumers
to consume the live TV content they want
at their terms that's where we see it
going so if you break down the actual
stats that are played into this trend
you're looking at last quarter alone
somewhere around a million net
subscriber additions for these virtual
MVPD platforms at the same time you were
looking at nearly 900,000 subscriber law
subscribers lost on traditional pay TV
subscriptions so there's certainly some
shift taking place also compounded by
the arrival of court nevers into the
into the scene but what you need to
remember as well is that since 2014
there's there's only been nine million
subscribers loss I say only but it's a
large number but there is that but it
really means that 90% of pay TV
subscribers that existed in 2014
still exist today and that's not going
away anytime soon right so that that's a
really really large market that will
continue to exist we can help to speed
TV operators you know transition their
experiences to have more blended linear
and OTT experiences but at the same time
consumers can win because they can get
access to that content through services
like the ones you mentioned on any
device they choose right so I think both
worlds will exist we're not going to see
a you know one world is gonna win in the
next at least in the next five years so
it's just more opportunity so you don't
think someone like Direct TV or an AT&T
I mean they've even hinted at this they
said we would love to approach a future
where we don't have to have a guy come
and bolt a satellite dish to your house
so you can get television they see they
would love to especially 5g coming and
things like that they see an OTT
opportunity there you don't you see that
growing but not totally replacing is
that where you're sorry there is an
opportunity that's exactly what I said
but at the same time the the trend that
you point out to is absolutely true so
when these companies look at their
balance sheets and they see the amount
of costs they take when it relates to
set of boxes they want to get that off
and they want to see that you know they
can launch their proposition as a
virtual MVPD service as an app but at
the same time the competitive landscape
once you do become an app is far it's a
lot of there's a lot of challenges of of
the ecosystem that exists around the
multitude of choice you have with MVPDs
so there is that that conservatism that
exists as well and they are looking to
own the subscriber own the
the access to remote control and
continue to ship boxes as well but
embrace the trend of virtual OTT or MVPD
services and then I want to talk to you
about the hottest player in this space
right now there's there's Roku Roku just
had a very successful IPO their stock
went through the roof after their first
earnings call I think what are they
doing right right now and what and why
why is everyone talking about Roku and
why are they so hot sure so I mean
fantastic company by the way they've
created what they did right is they they
vertical eyes the entire stack so they
created the hardware they created the
software they created a a great user
experience around that software and
launched it through their streaming
devices and expanded the range of
streaming devices I think what they're
going to struggle with is really to get
into smart TVs so given the growth that
I said earlier on right all the growth
is in smart TV and I think Roku has also
been saying they want to be the
operating system on smart TV but there
are just fundamental pillars of strength
that are so established in the smart TV
industry that it's very very hard to
displace a webOS or a Tizen or viewed or
these kind of players that have been
there for over a decade and built very
strong relationships down to the silicon
so just to give you an example we work
across 10 different silicon providers
from the Taiwanese the Chinese to the
American silicon providers and that's
taken a long time to establish those
those strengths of relationships so but
whereas you know Roku when they find
enter the Smart TV space need to switch
out those existing relationships not
just between us the silicon vendors but
also between the manufacturers in
silicon vendors where there's a lot of
economics involved in a long history of
those economics so I think that's where
they might struggle but overall I think
they're doing a lot of things right when
it relates to the user experience the
seamless nature of very go to great UI
and and things like that so how are you
guys thinking you have the app portion
of it they have a great UI their mission
is to kind of become the operating
system for smart televisions you guys
don't really have that you're mostly the
back end type stuff if I understand
correctly how how do you guys think
about the user experience well we're
there for now so so just to paint the
picture I think globally Roku roughly
sit at about 4.1
market share but we're approaching 30%
are inside Smart TVs inside CR TVs not
for the boxes exactly so fundamentally
we're a much larger player but as it
relates to your question obviously we're
seeing opportunities to come out from
behind the scenes and enabling all of
the experiences that we have let
manufacturers enable and help them
enable more futuristic experiences I
can't say more today but I look forward
to telling you more at CES where we'll
do a great launch look forward to that
and then finally to wrap it up I just
kind of want to quiz you about some of
the other big players on the content
side about this Disney I think it was
this year earlier this year they finally
announced we're gonna go all-in on
streaming a huge move from them
obviously well how do you view what
Disney's position is and this are they
are they coming too late to this
especially since Netflix has really
taken over and and we've seen CBS
experimenting with this what do you
think of Disney's position now I'm doing
OTT well I wouldn't say they're coming
to label so firstly the connectivity of
these actual OTT devices it just started
to peak and they will continue to
accelerate over the coming years so it's
the right time to get in but it's it's
not too late to get in with regards to
technology there are players they can
work with and vendors they can work with
who figure this out for them
Netflix in YouTube when they got into
this game there weren't so many vendors
they could work with so they had to
really work through figuring out how to
make smart TV or connected devices work
so no I don't think it's too late I
think the opportunity still exists I
think it's a global opportunity and
that's a really important thing to keep
in mind because your audience is like we
saw yesterday when Netflix is subscriber
numbers were shown majority of them are
actually international subscribers today
so you can already hit the ground
running provider you own the content on
a global basis and I think they should
do that and work with players like arson
and others to really dispute their
propositions globally and then finally
one other big company making moves here
is I want to get your thoughts on the
AT&T and Time Warner merger do you think
that's a good thing for OTT services a
bad thing do you think they could use
their powerful position to stifle others
what do you think well there's a whole
lot more to that entire equation
as it relates to OTP specifically you
know there's a number of ways to look at
it there are devices that could
consolidate so for instance you could
have one one device that is deployed
across the entire ATT and DirecTV
proposition well granted that you might
compete with Time Warner Cable's content
on the same portfolio of devices that
are out there but it remains to be seen
it's too early dias to know where that
will go
no I I read just yesterday that they are
willing to make some concessions for
instance on the blackouts
right so there is some willingness to
open up that ecosystem or let's say that
consolidated company or should that
actually go through but it's too early
it is to make a comment on what the
landscape will look like great all right
that's all the time we have thanks for
joining us thanks for having thank you
please welcome Lawrence Lessig
so I've just finished a book it's a
little bit depressing title it makes it
seem like I'm against democracy and I'm
not because I actually think that the
sense in which democracy sucks is
completely fixable but the book is
describing both how they suck how the
government sucks but how we suck
- and what Spencer wanted me to do was
to set up the conversation we're gonna
have by talking about one particular
slice about how we could think about how
we are we suck okay so let's start with
two things thing 1 and thing 2 right so
thing 1 is going to be how we know the
things we know and thing 2 is going to
be how we know what we know so what we
know in the sense of how do we know what
the public knows about any issue of
public import thing one thing - and I
want you to think about these two things
in three separate context roughly the
19th century the 20th century and the
21st century okay the 19th century the
first question how did we know and the
answer to that question is we knew
through no broadcasting we knew through
hundreds of sources that were fragmented
and diverse meaning the common knowledge
of the people in common was extremely
thin that's how we knew and then you ask
the question how do we know what we knew
and the answer is who the frak knows
because there was no polling back then
there was no Facebook algorithm back
then all we could do was to interpret
the public which means the will of the
people was essentially invisible
irrelevant policymaking was by
policymaking elites so if somebody stood
up and says what does the public want
the response of the elites was something
like this okay that's the 19th century
now we moved to the 20th century and
there are two mass
technological changes number one
broadcasting and especially television
which produces not just concentration in
the construction of what we know even as
late as 1977 90% of people got their
news from three television networks but
also in the way that it Adickes people
to watch these three networks
irresistible and understandable which
means incredibly egalitarian more
citizens become engaged in this
mainstream and trusted sources for
what's going on in the world there's a
common understanding held in common a
common set of facts that provides the
basis for public discourse that's
changed one change two is produced by
this guy he apparently had time to go do
his interview polling a technology that
begins about the first third of the 20th
century giving us a practical way to
know what the people knew now this had
been the longtime dream of democratic
theorists James Bryce said it was the
final stage in the evolution of
democracy when we could know the will of
the majority of the citizens at any
particular time but because of thing one
the fact of broadcasting this was a very
special public that knew the things it
knew and that we could study through
polling because common knowledge as we
get to the last part of the 20th century
is thick and that produces incredibly
important progress on critical issues
that are central to public life at the
time and this makes a respectable public
it makes a normatively significant
public it makes it so that when somebody
says seventy percent of the public
believes something that matters in
political life okay and then we come to
the 21st century where there is one
massive relevant technological change
the birth of the Internet which means
broadcasting is dead it means that the
sources become as multiple many many
many sources as they were a hundred and
fifty and two hundred years ago now this
is a great thing for culture the
diversity and the spread of culture here
is massive and unprecedented but it's a
terrible thing for democracy because it
produces a fragmented public which means
a diffuse public which means no common
story here no common sense of facts no
common sense ability to define the
project of democracy now you could say
well this is just us going back to the
19th century but it's not the 19th
century in the nineteenth century the
people were silent they couldn't hear
the people so that people didn't speak
but in the 21st century the people can't
stop blathering and this blather is
measured in polls presumptively
normatively relevant the normative
public remains a part of our democratic
unit first but this public is ignorant I
don't mean stupid there's no question of
public import that I wouldn't trust an
informed public to resolve but they are
ignorant because this public doesn't
have a common set of facts to understand
the issues that the public needs to
resolve and this public is increasingly
just embarrassing now in a sense this is
totally unfair to us justice breyer's a
smart guy but nobody would think that
you could stop him on the street and ask
him about Admiralty law without giving
him a brief and an opportunity to debate
with his clerks and listen to oral
arguments we used to have presidents
that spent an extraordinary amount of
time studying issues before they would
stand up and speak about them and when
they were questioned they knew something
because they had prepared in that sense
even Congress people stand on the floor
of the house and speak having had an
opportunity to think and to reflect they
get staff but we as we were called in
the middle of the night and asked about
trade policy or about whether we should
invade Iraq we
no staff we have no opportunity to
reflect or be informed and so what do
you expect will come from this question
we asked the people when we say to the
people what do you believe we should do
it's totally unfair to us and to
democracy and here's the two problems
this creates first of all the crazy talk
that comes from this way of
understanding the people Ben's policy
people say what things should be and the
policymakers think we have to listen to
that because this is the people speaking
that's number one and number two maybe
worse the crazy talk is used to diss
democracy increasingly people use this
as a way to say look we've got to move
beyond this experiment we've tried it
for a hundred years it was a pretty cool
idea but now we've got to find new ways
technocracy or new ways elite governance
to get us to where we need to go I don't
think that response is the right
response indeed I think the solution
here is really pretty simple
pretty obvious solution but oh I'm sorry
I'm out of time so I can't give you the
solution here we'll just have to stop
with that thank you very much
and now ignition program director
Spencer Reese will join professor Lessig
for a conversation thank you so you're
not out of time to see your safety if we
were talking in the rooms in here if we
went back to 1997 which is a dim vision
now everything was going to be fabulous
everybody would have a voice everybody
would be heard nations would rise up
democracy would flourish if you've it in
fast forward to today and you look and
we have a kind of a ultra dominant
social media force which is the Avenue
which would have been derided as a
walled garden and hopelessly antiquated
we've got filter bubbles and mob rule
and people getting literally mean it's
astonishing how fast things are
happening now what did we miss I mean
what were we were we looking at the
wrong things where we not seeing hidden
dangers that were really there well I
think there two things we missed um one
thing we missed was the importance of
what we now think of as editors we used
to call them censors right what we
thought twenty years ago was that the
internet would flourish because we'd
remove the censors you could stand and
say whatever you wanted and whether what
you said was important to people was
depend upon whether people wanted to
receive it or not but that forgot that
there was an extremely important role
played by people in the middle not
censoring but in some sense
credentialing moderating moderating
right and so what that meant is that
we've developed an infrastructure that
makes us vulnerable to this
extraordinary opportunity of people to
speak directly without any of this kind
of moderating so that's the first thing
we've missed the second thing we missed
and the thing that I'm most obsessed
with is we needed and we need
desperately now to have a capacity to
make to govern to make choices about
what's the right policy to have when
these problems confront us now I'm not a
big regulator I don't think we ought to
be regulating
a thousand ways and though I was
involved in the early network neutrality
regulation I think this is a very simple
way the objectives and network
neutrality could be brought about with
minimal regulation but the point is we
have to have a government that can make
policy choices that in some sense makes
sense and are not driven by the
incredibly pathological dependence that
they have on the people who happen to
fund their campaigns and so the fact
that we don't have a government at the
moment when we're confronting this
extraordinary consolidation in companies
and in data and the emergence of things
like AI the fact that we don't have a
government that any of us trust to make
judgments about these issues sensibly I
think is our biggest threat right now
well is part of it I mean there's
there's really two things you mean
there's there's government and then
there's the way government's are created
which is democracy you know and they
they are they're not the same thing
and is it a problem that right now the
the machine that we have to create
governments which is called democracy
and elections and all that is in the
grips of this kind of mania that we know
we can't tell of fake news and filter
bubbles all again all those things and
does that is that a are we in a kind of
a paralysis where we the government
isn't going to change because the
underlying basis that would do that is
even though everybody hates the
government left and right they're not
going to agree on a government that
could fix this I mean are we in a
hopeless situation to be not too grim
maybe maybe in a hopeless situation
I mean what's striking about America
right now is we are a deeply bipolar
nation on the one hand we are as divided
as we have been since the civil war in a
partisan division sense but on the other
hand we are as united as we've ever been
in our view that this government is
deeply corrupt there's an amazing study
done by University of Maryland in the
middle of last year where they found
literally the highest level of anger and
frustration at our government and if you
looked at you know why
the reasons given by Democrats and
Republicans were exactly the same
literally no statistical difference so
too much money in politics corporations
having too much influence lobbyists
having too much of a role these are
reasons that all Americans believe
accounts for the fact that we don't have
a representative government but the
problem we have is that the politics of
division the politics of hate Ron can't
leverage the common ground they can't
even talk about the common ground I'll
talk about it as if it's common or
harder the problem isn't the part the
politics of hate work absolutely they
get people elected yeah and that's you
know if you had to take away from for me
and looking at the Trump thing is oh my
god you know Fred this is is the the big
question is Trump like a fluke
or is he the future of the American
presidency and I could argue the latter
pretty well yeah absolutely because
politics of hate says to rise to the top
on either the right or the left is to be
as Extreme as you can be so you motivate
the base so you know you see the
Democratic Party develop you know a
candidate who is as powerful up
aggressive as possible and if it's Trump
okay it's Trump if it's not Trump it'll
still be somebody's extremely strong on
the right that's the logic of succeeding
inside of this political system but the
point is the person who rises to the top
of the Democratic Party like that is a
person who automatically alienates half
of the rest of the public and so if you
say look this common point that we've
got to solve this fixing a democracy so
that we have the ability to address
these really important questions
sensibly this common point can we deal
with that neither of these two
extremists are going to be able to
leverage this so I mean you know the
class what is to be done do we do we
tell Facebook that you know you can't
use algorithmic controls but on the
other hand then you really have mob rule
do you problems can be solved two ways
okay you can either something from the
top and I don't have a lot of confidence
and the guys at the top right now being
able to get their hands around all this
or they can get solved from the bottom
but it's really hard to see that either
I mean and you know you sort of social
campaign don't just say no to Facebook
everybody get off Facebook cause it's
bad for America do you break up Facebook
do you break up Google you know there's
instinctively somebody would say well
let's make the problem smaller at least
by breaking them up and having lots of
them but then maybe you end up with a
right-wing Facebook and a left-wing
Facebook and there's you're even in
worse situation than you've you've
doubled your problems do you have a and
I know this is like not a I mean this is
not an easy one no and you know I think
we have to recognize how hard it is
because we've never dealt with this kind
of monopoly problem before you know this
is a monopoly at the layer of the data
this is a data layer monopoly problem
every single major company is trying to
take control of the data layer and every
one of the five is a data company that's
ultimately what they are and we don't
have the economics let alone the
political will to figure out how we deal
with data monopolies like this and and
you know my my view is you know a lot of
people are writing these really
self-righteous books about the obvious
solutions like privacy regulation or
break them up and that feels good
because it feels like there's an answer
here but but but those are just too
simplistic in a way of thinking of how
you're gonna solve this kind of problem
and so you know that's why it's too hard
for me I want to take the step before
I'm just a lawyer here so I'm gonna take
the step before the step before I'm
going to insist on is we can't begin to
hope to be able to deal with you
sensibly unless we have people in the
government who can try to think about
what makes sense as opposed to what
raises campaign dollars or what and it
allows them to to do the work they need
to do for the people fighting it and yet
ironically this same machine is also a
great money raising machine absolutely
that's another you know even you know
now suddenly it's turning out that you
don't even have to you could sure
corporate donors or whatever are still
but you can also just turn on the hate
and outrage machines and get the money
the same way that's
and and they are so look members of
Congress spend 30 to 70% of their time
raising money they're calling people all
the time and who are they calling
they're calling rich people they're
learning how to be sycophants to these
powerful people to raise the money they
need is there any surprise that they
then turn around are incapable of
leading in any major area and I'm
thinking independently about what the
right answer is it's and in any of these
major areas well then I mean I mean just
take something like data okay I mean
obviously yeah there's you know some
cursory efforts to quote protect
people's privacy but basically the whole
you know for a hundred years as you
mentioned you know we've been worried
about communications it's always been oh
my god the ants that's why it's the
Federal Communications Commission not
the federal data Commission although
maybe we should have one maybe there
should be a federal data Commission that
can starts because right now there's no
mechanism the FCC goes not our job
FTC kind of goes well don't do anything
too awful but whatever and they really
nobody has any handle on any of this is
there do we need to have people like at
Harvard you know and stuff actually
really look at what you need to run a
functioning real democracy in an
environment where you have this
hyper-charged super social medium I mean
it's a very unique problem yeah we we
need that and there's plenty of that
study going on but we also need the
capacity to implement what the fixes
should be and and again it seems to me
we're just too simplistic in thinking
about this the solutions that are out
there you know it's 20 years ago
literally I think it's today 20 years
ago today judge Jackson asked me to be
the Special Master in the Microsoft case
and and in that case you know the
ultimate decision was whether they're
gonna split up Microsoft and for some
stupid reason it didn't happen but if
they'd split up Microsoft nobody would
have been upset
except maybe Microsoft and they
shouldn't have been but what we wouldn't
have said at all right it wouldn't have
changed their life at all but if you
imagine splitting up Amazon we're
splitting up Facebook or splitting up
any of these data companies
it really does change the way in which
they interact with you and the point is
there isn't there wouldn't be the kind
of political support for that kind of
intervention that there was 20 years ago
when the government was thinking about
how to break up so do we have to hope
for I mean I mean in a funny way Trump
being less partisan in a wacky way he's
less of a Republican than a lot of rub
Republicans would like him to be he's
certainly not a Democrat do we have to
wait for the arrival of some
genius-level Trump who can
simultaneously appeal to a large enough
group of people to get everything
together and then have the vision to is
that what we have to kind of basically
sit around waiting for but look um I
think it was completely unfair but the
wonderful thing Trump did was to frame
that election for a significant part of
the people of a group that voted for him
frame that erect election around the
corruption of this government drain the
swamp corrupt Hillary I think it was
complete but no but I I think
that was unfair but that's the way it
was framed and so it's set up I'm going
and I'm gonna clean up Washington and of
course the drain at the swamp hasn't
been drained you know the demand the
latent demand for fixing this is still
there
so I think a less ignorant version of
that movement could be really Sweeting
capabilities yeah what better tweeting
and it could be really real potential
and it is in my view I think the only
hope if you don't get people rally
behind the idea that we've got to put
aside our differences we've got to get a
government that represents us if we
could solve that problem then I think
it's at least possible to imagine
solving these other problems
unfortunately we really are now out of
time so thank you thank you okay thank
you
please welcome Tucker Carlson with
Nicolas Carlson
I guess I didn't ask you this but
there's no relation I don't think and
some medicines probably we are Carlson's
hello thanks for doing this pretty cool
thanks for having me
okay great so you know I watched your
show last night it was great fun what I
want to know is oh there's a question I
want to ask you the beginning of this
interview and then I want you to not
answer it now but answer it at the end
of the interview this is a little weird
but I want to know did you vote for
Donald Trump this year okay last year I
suppose and to which party are you
registered if any at all and you want to
remain in suspense I do I kind of want
them to think oh I want some of them
think oh I didn't even know that it's
possible that he didn't didn't vote for
Donald Trump perhaps so anyway okay so
let's okay that's an odd convention but
I'm willing to roll with it I'm trying
something new let's do it okay so all
right done okay good all right so the
look I think the big news is Matt Lauer
NBC News
sexual harassment everywhere the
reckoning the me to reckoning so to
speak what are you making at all
well it's awful I mean abuse of power is
always awful any kind of power sexual
power financial power any kind of power
it's also really common people abuse
their power by definition that's just a
function of human nature so I don't
think it's surprising the details are
always true jarring and jaw-dropping and
someone really did that I mean it's it's
shocking especially when it happens in
an industry you're familiar with to
people you know and you know it's even
more awful in a way but but if you take
three steps back I mean it shouldn't
surprise you that famous people who sort
of bask in public adulation all day long
behave poorly when the cameras are off
you know that's interesting because one
of the things he said last night which
is great show again talking about NBC
you're sort of some of these people are
hypocrites you know like they're here
they are reporting on Donald Trump and
Roy Moore and I don't think I made that
point maybe I misheard it
yeah I mean no I think it's totally
looking we're all hypocrites
right you know on some level and and
that's probably a good thing you know in
politeness is hypocrisy how are you this
morning I'm great how are you I'm fine
we're both hungover but you know for the
sake of getting along we both pretend
we're fine I mean there's artifice that
allows us to get along and that's okay
that's what manners are and so I
actually try not to hit people too hard
on hypocrisy just because you know I
think it's a human thing but I guess I
couldn't resist noting that NBC fired
Billy Bush for the crime of I don't know
laughing for which he apologized and
then you know squelch the Harvey
Weinstein story that rona the fantastic
story that run in Farah wounded up wound
up selling to The New Yorker and like
why I don't know I think it's a fair
question and they haven't they haven't
answered it so I mean that annoyed me
because I watched it carefully but no I
feel I've worked at NBC for four years I
have a lot of friends over there decent
people and I feel sorry for everybody
who works there and there was this clip
that you aired last night with Harvey
Harvey Levin I think from TMZ and it was
it was shocking I thought it was Matt
Lauer like apparently some broadcast you
know to the local affiliate didn't get
interrupted the way it normally would so
the feed continued and here was Matt
Lauer China transforming from America's
dad and that's right into you know
commenting on someone's sweater and I
think he said something like I like the
way you bend over you should keep doing
that his face look different that's like
shocking yeah I mean in was shocking
it's always jarring to see people in
their natural habitat when you're used
to seeing them on television though I do
think over time TV reveals the truth I
mean if you sit in front of a camera
every day for years viewers kind of know
who you are actually on some level they
do this brings up a question I wanted
ask ya you know is is the sean hannity
we see on TV is that really sean hannity
are you the person we see on TV I'm
totally the person you see on TV yeah I
don't have the disk space for that level
of artifice yeah you know what I mean
I'm gonna smart enough to be that false
and also it's too hard I mean every view
you hold
you also feel comfortable expressing on
TV no okay every view I hold eggs from
no of course not I read all kinds of
views I wears logo from public where's
yeah I mean I believe in kind of no of
course I don't everything I say in
television I sincerely believe and if I
can just put in a plug for my employer
you know one great thing about Fox and
this is totally sincere as no one's ever
told me what to say or what to think
ever and not even any guidelines so I
feel completely free to say what I think
but often when you know people are
yelling at me at untrained platforms or
giving me the finger as I walked to
lunch or whatever on the those occasions
when I can talk to them you know you're
awful on TV but I wouldn't like me a
person either because that's like kind
of who I am well this seems to be a
superpower of yours is you do not care
what people think about you necessarily
well I care a lot what people I love
think about me okay I mean I have four
children
I've been married for 26 years I live
next door to my college roommate
I've lunch with my dad every week I go
to the gym with my brother every day I
mean I have a small group of people
whose opinions are all important to me
but I don't care what people I don't
know think why would you and I and this
is a lecture I always give to my
producers or when I supervise you know
90 reporters all had Twitter accounts I
was always telling them you know don't
give emotional control to strangers why
would you it's like giving a toddler a
handgun he's gonna misuse it why would
you do that right and one of the
pitfalls maybe the main pitfall of TV
and of any kind of public job is that
you can wind up really caring what
people you don't know think about you
and you're in effect again empowering
strangers to control your life and why
would you that's that's insane why would
you ever do that right so I'm naturally
suited for this job because it's never
occurred to me to sort of care what
people who hate me think I mean I care
about the ratings and I of course I'm
not impervious to it but I I'm not on
social media I'm not like trolling for
affirmation from strangers why would you
do that and a lot of people do that who
don't don't even work in this weird
business what is the thing that you know
if you don't care what people think
which I seems I very much care just to
be
clear or not a sociopath like right my
wife says you shouldn't do that you know
I'm really wounded by it and I followed
those instructions immediately just
wrong
no I'm serious I do yeah no I'm the line
though there is a line there is we
covered this already I don't want to be
a dead horse but it's there is a line
where it's like the Fox News audience
might not take what I have to say about
such such topic what is that line I mean
why does well I mean here's the way I
think of it I mean I you're never gonna
believe me so it's probably pointless
even to articulate it but I really try
not to think too much about how I'm
viewed or what I say is going to be
viewed because it creates a kind of
self-consciousness that drives you crazy
it's like looking in the mirror a lot or
checking Twitter a lot it it pulls you
out of yourself too much in a bad way
and you start seeing yourself through
other people's eyes in it I don't know
it diminishes you and makes you gun-shy
and jumpy and insecure and all the
things you don't want to be if your goal
is to you know put on a good show and be
happy and tell the truth and you know
what it means I actually don't think a
lot about that but if you step back I do
think of my role is different from
someone hosting a show on another
Channel I mean I feel like almost all
the other news outlets that I see and
I've worked at most of them are kind of
in sync on what stories are important
and how they ought to approach the
stories and that's fine I'm mad about it
but I I think there ought to be a role
for someone who's looking at stories
that aren't covered by everybody else
and is looking at things a little bit
differently
I kind of believe in diversity that way
there's a Twitter meme that I've seen a
few times that kind of illustrates this
and I which is they'll there'll be some
breaking news in the Russia
investigation and someone will take a
screen grab of what CNN's got on and
they're talking about the and then
they'll do the same thing I miss MSNBC
you'll have it and then there's you yeah
you know the badge of honor yeah but Rob
the assumption is that like talking
about something else some Twitter user
believes he should be my assignment
editor which I find hilarious it's like
really okay apply for a job maybe I'll
hire you you know what I mean yeah what
yeah I mean the reason that Fox hired me
was in part to sort of take an hour not
in charge of Fox I have no influence
over the rest
channel I just have responsibility for
an hour and put on what you think is
important and inherently important or
that you think is important anyway and
say what you think about it and and
that's what I do so it it's totally
disconnected from what Stephanie rules
doing on MSNBC or Anderson Cooper not
against them but I just those aren't
relevant markers to me at all and in
fact I think I said I wouldn't be
critical but I will say this I do think
that there is a kind of childish
groupthink in the media a lot you know
where people are checking other outlets
to ratify their own decisions and I kind
of get that there is a wisdom in credit
the judgment of a crowd however at some
point you say well no this is important
for these reasons so tell me why this is
important as to the Russia thing I've
done a lot of Russia segments probably
too many but I think we inflate its
importance and I also by the way think
we pay way too much attention to Trump
I've always thought that Trump is
moderately interesting he's the
president knighted States he's really
powerful this is a legitimate topic of
discussion but if you're programming
your entire schedule around one guy in
his tweets it's possible you might be
missing other stories okay I have one
for you though yeah Hillary Clinton like
no other networks cover Hillary nearly
so much as Fox News it seems to me one
Hillary knows you know where to go why
are we still talking about her I don't
know I can only speak for my show we're
not talking about her that much okay but
I'm I'm aware of the flow charts I don't
know I mean I think my real opinion is I
think there's something really
interesting going on on the Democratic
side I live in DC which is I think was
ninety three or four person it's the
most democratic city in the country okay
so I'm surrounded by Democrats and some
of them are smart and a lot of them are
my friends and I know because of that
that there's this war maybe too strong
but only mildly too strong this conflict
going on the Democratic Party over what
it is whose party is it is it the party
of Bernie Sanders or is it the party of
the Clintons or is it something very
different is it an identity politics
party won by somebody else and I think
that's so I think Democrats are likely
to do well in the next cycle certainly
next couple cycles they're gonna they're
out of power
they won't always be out of power and so
I think it's important to ask questions
like what is the Democratic Party and
what does it stand for I grew up in a
148 in a world where the Democratic
Party was the party of you know the
faculty lounge but was also the party of
wage earners it was a working class
party it was it was it was Roosevelt's
party and it's not anymore and the exit
polling confirms that it's the party of
the affluent well-educated and of the
poor and so what does that mean exactly
for policy I think it's interesting
conversation so watching the rejection
of the Clintons is a fascinating story I
covered the 1992 presidential race and
and so I always go back and I think well
would Bill Clinton be a viable candidate
as a Democrat now and of course not even
jeered he pulled off stage is like a
racist or something and literally and I
think that's interesting on its face but
I also think there's sort of deeper
lessons that come out of that so but is
that what you're talking about wouldn't
we done yeah we just did a whole segment
on this last week you know whose party
is it and and I even said do you care
about uranium 1 and all that is that if
anyone's a real story ok ok please
explain to me because it seems to
explain and I don't I do not want to be
I'm not going to debate I'm not a
debater I'm the question asker ok but it
seems to me that many people had to
approve this deal many people did and an
entity bought and but and there's like
no connection in terms of like actual
equity holdings between the donor to the
global Clinton Foundation and the guy
who actually sold the company to the who
told you Russians well he sold it many
years before and then later oh so he
wasn't a stakeholder in the company well
maybe he was or not but I don't know
you're the one who's got the facts
that's what I heard it's not again oh
you heard it where maybe there was an
expert on uranium one perhaps you can
set me straight I told you not debating
I'm just asking you crushed you still
think you're ready I'm ones a story I
don't know
nobody hapless tell me it doesn't seem
like one don't know it doesn't come what
you read on the you know because if they
couldn't know again the glorious I
couldn't get moving
all on one point they couldn't even move
the uranium out of the country oh they
didn't they move no you're a man of the
country you could now you did good see
that's how you get ratings that's how
you ask honest questions you get to the
court oh god now you tell me do the
Dozen casting aspersions on your views
have any idea what he's talking about I
wish I knew and I guess I would put you
in the know category because that's look
I'm not saying that I try oh it's very
here no you're being I can find a place
where I grossly overstated something or
was inaccurate okay tell me why you're
Iranian one is a big story let's go back
to that no it was the biggest story
here's the context I'm fertile uranium
was shipped out of the country despite
the fact the company did not have an
export license to do so that's the New
York Times reporting on the Civic just
confirmed again last week so I don't
know if that's like a world ending
problem but if you believe as many
people seem to that Russia's our primary
adversary on the world stage
the idea that a Russian company got
control of some portion of our uranium
well this is interesting that bitten a
big talking point is that the uranium
was not allowed out of the country
you're saying now there's been not only
my sorrow it's been reported multiple
times in a paper that presumably you
read but in this case didn't yeah so
look I'm not I'm just saying here's what
bothers me is the repetition of talking
points by people posing no I tried to
get a journalist you know I can't
believe it's a conspiracy there okay
maybe it is all right but tell me how
okay no we'll talk later
good let's go I need to I clearly need
to learn more okay here's the question I
was watching your program last night
after reading a lot about you
yeah and it's your anti like not
anti-authority maybe but you just you
don't like it when people tell you what
to do it seems like I don't think the
people in charge have done a good job
okay okay but I want to characterize you
tell me if it's unfair characterization
libertarian bent somewhat I guess I
thought I was entire in for a long time
now I can't believe I held those views
I'm watching here's the question
watching your show the motif is the
American flag everywhere you know okay I
mean really I can't see behind me
but well watch program it's there that
was that was rude
sorry I've actually never watched my
program to be told there's American
flags everywhere okay
and then you've got an offensive no but
I've got a frickin nationalist is that
is that is that it's sort of like
literally flag waving is that literally
the roll and then also you've got the
president meanwhile just for context
uh-huh he loves you guys he tweets at
you directly he watches know better so I
wouldn't know but I mean but I mean
there was this guy I don't want to read
a long quote but it's you know at Fox
book at Fox News this is the president
United States is much more important the
United States in CNN but outside the US
CNN International is still a major
source of fake news in the
representative blah blah blah and so
it's he loves you guys and pause in note
many times watching Trump the credit he
deserves for being hilarious
oh he's they don't I'm sorry I mean it's
like I could say that I'm sure oh you
know stares of hate coming are you uncut
but let me just are you uncomfortable
being like the beloved outlet of the
most powerful person in the world who is
awesome you can go back I've been in
this 26 years and if you can find an
example of me sniffing the throne of a
politician I will lie prostrate you know
no I can't so that's why I'm asking if
you're uncomfortable with the fact that
the appearing I guess all the time I was
talking to some more on the other day
from the Washington Post who said are
you alright by several Jesus I don't
know I don't think so it sounds bad what
is all right well I don't know it's bad
okay well I'm not cuz I'm not bad and he
said well I called David Duke the other
day and asked him what he thought of
your show hmm and I thought you called
David Duke that's like puts you one up a
meeting alright category right okay I've
never called David Duke and he likes
your show what do you say that I don't
know and against McCarthyism for one
thing like what
no so do you know what I mean I guess I
would I would say this I'm not I'm not
comparing Trump to Duke by the way just
to be clear but I am saying that it's
actually less complicated than perhaps
you imagine we just sit down every
morning my boxer shorts in my kitchen on
I'll try to figure out what you know
what is an interesting hour we can put
together and people react to it in
various ways and like I don't know am I
responsible for that I'm not I could
tell you this I am certainly I've never
coordinated anything with any politician
ever
I don't like politicians in general I am
friends with no politician have never
been never would be so if so if there is
an idea out there that Fox News or your
program is carrying water for the
administration that would that would
really work you if that was well maybe
you're not you know I we get all kinds
of criticism I in case you can't tell I
don't read any of it but here's what I
know Fox has been the freest environment
I've ever worked in and I'm not just
saying this in order to suck up to my
corporate masters I mean it there's no
interference at all ever
not one time in the year in three months
or weeks I've done this and I love that
and I'm grateful for it but I'm not
responsible for I don't have any role in
it I have an hour I can speak for my
hour I love everyone I work with at Fox
everyone's honest in my experience of
them so that's what I would say Trump
like I disapprove of Trump tweeting at
all okay just because I disapprove of
the medium I think it diminishes all who
participate in it we're sadly running
out of time and I want to know got a lot
more opinions Nikolas hit me man I'm
just asking questions here good right
that's the line so who did you vote for
and which part of you registered to I
don't want to give the party thing
because misleading
I never vote so that's the truth okay
didn't vote this time I never do vote
then you don't have a right to give your
opinion yeah and in fact I do
and I'm registered actually with the
party that I sincerely despise because I
think it's really a force for bad in
this country and it's a democratic party
but I'm registered because I live in the
district it's one-party state and the
one election I always vote in as the
mayor's race because it matters and I
own property there I raised four
children there I live in the city and I
think it's worth voting in that election
so I always do I always vote for the
more corrupt
it over the idealist always the person
who will just like be happy taking
payoffs from developers and leave me
alone it's always the kid it's like a
meaningful decision in my life and it's
every four years there's always some guy
who's like I'm gonna make your life
better I vote against that person every
single time you know what I mean and
it's usually some honestly it's you just
it's it's some progressive candidate
who's got big plans for me and so I just
vote for the for the status quo corrupt
criminal operation that runs the city
and I'm really happy with that well
Tucker that's great I have a hundred
more questions but we're out of time
that's good thank you thank you please
welcome Tony Reed with Steve Kovac
all right I think we're gonna tone it
down a bit after that one not gonna ask
Alexa who Qi voted for anything like
that
so we have Tony Reed here she is in
charge of all the Alexa and echo
ecosystem of devices and I want to do
this real quick raise your hand if you
have something with Alexa in it an echo
something that's about half 60% so
that's you have told me to thank for
that I'm so I want to talk a little bit
about your background first before we
dive into other stuff you come from an
anthropology background you have an
anthropology degree and you've been at
Amazon for how many years almost 20
almost 20 and now you're with this
interesting background you're now
running the dominant AI voice-controlled
platform talk a little bit about how
those two your background meshes with
what you're doing now yeah I sort of
called my career working on Alexa and AI
a little bit accidental I graduated with
a degree in anthropology with plans to
get my PhD and I ended up working and
Technology at Microsoft and then moved
over to Amazon and 1998 back when it was
mostly a bookstore
yeah at the time we hadn't launched
music yet and so I still very small
company it was possible the company
being public but it was still very small
and you know I'll say a lot of the kind
of attributes and the way Amazon are
operated then is very similar to help me
operate now and I will say that this
degree in anthropology has actually
given me the lines well with a lot of
the values at Amazon so we're very
customer obsessed and you'll hear that a
lot from employees and and the press but
it is something we kind of live day in
and day out and this is Jeff business's
thing it is this thing and it's it's
something that really level sets and
grounds people into the company around
really working on the behalf of our
customers and so we do that very much
for the lexo we take you know our goal
there is around improving the lives of
customers adding more convenience in
their lives and so if you take that and
you think about anthropology around this
idea of what our customer needs what are
the differences
and customers and sort of being able to
look out on the horizon and understand
these differences I think it's actually
been an attribute for having this degree
in this background versus the technology
agree right and those needs are so what
are those things what are you finding
people you kind of put this thing out
there no one I mean especially in my
industry we don't feel like what is this
thing what and then it just took off
like a rocket ship what have you guys
learned what are the needs that people
are getting I know music is huge but
what else yeah music is a really large
use case for us people love the
convenience of being able to play music
through multiple providers via their
voice but well you know we found two
other pieces that were really popular
smart home when we first launched we
knew we wanted to launch smart home
capabilities but we we launched with it
about four months later and customers we
thought well this is just an early
adopter thing right right and and we
found that yes that was true but it was
really much more it became much more
mainstream with Alexa and I think that's
because voice made smart home technology
even simpler it's now voice enabled you
can say turn on my lights turn off my
lights and you don't have to go into an
app and and that's surprises and then
actually surprised us at the usage of
smart home and then the number of people
buying into smart home devices as well
and then you know a third piece that
we've been surprised by is the
personality people love Alexa's
personality and they they love to tell
her to hear jokes they say I love you
will you marry me and what is Alexis day
when I say will you marry me
she's a few different responses one of
them I think is thank you I'm flattered
but you know and customers asked her
opinion about things and so this it was
surprising to us that there was really
this companionship kind of
conversational nature that was going on
from very early days and now it makes
sense because people have really taken
Alexa and it's a part of the family it's
really become something more its
human-like and it kind of fits into the
home they really I could tell you my 18
month old nephew he talks to our echo
and and he just knows that music comes
from that and it's really adorable
that he's gonna grow up with that and
just know that's happening I mean we
actually say that it's interesting to
think about we're in a generation where
children today will probably not know a
home in which they can't speak - right
and so that that's very new right it's
very natural we saw that with cell
phones and kids learning that now it's
this whole idea so smart home music
today you had an announcements we're
going into the office what does that
mean yeah so today I think maybe right
as we speak at reinvent we've announced
Alexa for business and so this is an
opportunity for companies of all sizes
to take the Alexa experience and
integrate it into their workplace and
you know we found that customers have
loved the experience at home and this is
a way to extend that into their
workplace so we're really excited about
what is what does that look like this
that I mean our people so people can
play pen door and their office or I mean
what's the practical use yeah you
imagine kind of two scenarios the the
office workplace scenarios that we're
launching with our communications
feature so you can start a meeting I've
been testing this and it's it's super
delightful so when you go in to start a
meeting now it's you're conferencing
system and we can and we've we're
working with Polycom and chime or ews
service as well and so when I start a
meeting I just say Alexis start the
meeting you can end it Alexa end the
meeting you can reorder supplies we've
had partners who can build on the Alexa
skills kit and they can build their own
custom private skills and so they're
just internally in there yeah so for
example Capital One has taken and built
their own skill to get updates on high
severity events and so if they have a
sub 1 or SEP 2 going they can say Alexa
what's the update on this and so it's
really making its building the Alexa for
business kind of set of api's and then
allowing developers in this case some
companies to build on top of them and
then
so speaking of skills that's that's
another I think strength of this
platform is how many skills are there
now third party skills so for $0.25 over
25,000 so that's that's huge
and
we see a broad range obviously music and
smart-home stuff what have you learned
from all these third party skills like
what works the best on this platform
we're still learning and it's I will say
that they're sort of there's a lot of
breadth so you will obviously have your
top skills where people love them so
games trivia games jeopardy jeopardy is
one of our most popular really and so
people love that it's kind of
family-oriented those are really fun
then you have your brand's such as
Starbucks uber Domino's Pizza those are
delightful skills you can order
Starbucks pick it up on your way out
order an uber and then you have what
I'll call this set of skills that you
kind of have to have for everyone and so
it's the the tale of skills and we find
a lot of people smart home as one news
providers or another but we find
hobbyist and like nice stuff niche stuff
and you know you've and you've got
companies such as financial services
built you know Capital One what does my
bank account status etc so it's the
breadth is is significant for the usage
so to me Alexis seems kind of nebulous
it's kind of you have your own devices
there's this but there's also this
broader ecosystem now we're starting to
see it and third-party devices even
devices that kind of mimic what you
already have with the echo there's this
oness one for example how do you guys
think about that people kind of glomming
onto the platform and just creating
these similar devices to you are you
okay with that or would you see a future
where you guys kind of put a tighter
reins around it no we're thrilled with
it and why you know our vision is for
Alexa to be everywhere customers want
her to be and so that will end up in
places that we will never build those
devices we wouldn't be able to keep up
and so for us it's important that the
Alexa voice service itself has that
distribution and we think that these
providers can build very delightful
experiences and you know the it's sort
of whether it's a different use case
a completely different segment they will
just help build out the experience for
Alexa they also can build custom skills
to further so like for automotive as an
example there's a good example we're not
in the automotive right there's no
Amazon car yet right okay and so but
then they'll you know will start to
build new navigation domains etc for
those use cases and so not only is the
Alexa voice service extended and
available to more customers they're more
devices but the the developers
themselves are building more skills and
that makes Alexa even smarter and even
more useful for all customers do you
think that puts you guys at a greater
advantage and say I know Apple kind of
delayed their version of their follow up
to you their home pod but it seems
they're much more restricted what do you
what do you think of their position
versus your take on just like let's put
it in everything yeah I mean I can't
speak to sort of their decision-making
criteria and why they choose to be more
closed I will say that we believe having
this be open and having API is available
for developers will actually just better
serve customers globally so this year
you guys had tons of announcements but I
think a month or two ago you had your
big debut of is there tons of devices I
think there was a doorbell thing a
camera a answering sore a phone so the
connect together landline just it seems
like everything you could put Alexa in
you guys are doing is there anything
that you won't put Alexa inside of
that's a good question sure yeah I don't
know where likes a toilet or something
but not yet yeah you know for us there's
definitely a prioritization of sort of
where we like to spend our time and
effort and and some of those you know we
look at areas where we think we can
improve the experience create
convenience simplify the lives of
customers we'll look at the size of that
usage or a segment size and so that's
really what goes into our prioritization
but sure there are also things that I'd
love to do that just you know not quite
above the line right for us so and
this the slew of products I think the
last one that was called the spot is
coming out in a couple weeks and I think
that's it for the end of the year you
have so many is the idea like let's get
all these out there and see what works
and like maybe some of these drop off a
year from now or are you guys confident
that this suite of products you've made
will actually they will all take off I
I mean I'm confident they're all going
to do really well and so that doesn't
mean that we know for sure that every
product we build will be a four-star
product and and be successful for the
echo device line that's actually we've
seen success repeatedly with the
products that we've launched I think
echo spot is an spot for people who
don't know what is that it's it says so
they'll start with the echo show is a
larger device with a screen that we
launched a summer
echo spot is the second device with the
screen that's a circular two and a half
inch diameter screen and the I'm I'm
very excited about this product because
it's this great compact form factor that
you can sprinkle throughout your home I
have one at my at work on my desk and
it's super delightful I have one in my
bedroom and and so you know the screen
is actually a way to supplement and kind
of augment the experience from a voice
perspective and so we can add
supplementary information on this screen
and so I think customers are really
going to enjoy echo spot so this year we
saw an expansion we are familiar with
the echo speakers no screen no cameras
now we're getting into that there's even
a version of Amazon camera that checks
your fashion choices in your bedroom so
we have Amazon microphones Amazon
cameras Amazon screens you can tell
where I'm going with this why should we
feel safe having these devices in our
house I could talk about it in two ways
one we start very much from the customer
work backwards and we keep privacy in
mind from the beginning of the build
when we think about this and echo was a
great example of
where we built in a lot of customer
controls and transparency so you can
mute the device we when you speak to
echo it has a blue LED it shows you that
it's streaming audio to the cloud you
can actually turn on an audible noise
and your contract a time that allows you
to hear when it's dreamy when you meet
the device it's disconnected
electronically so there's no software
that can override that we have customers
control and the app where you can go
through it like at your voice history
you can see what has been said to Alexa
which is fun by the way if you go and
see what your family members are saying
- every time I do it when I'm traveling
yeah you can delete those recordings you
can delete all of the recordings and so
for us it's very important to give
customers transparency and control and
help them understand why we're
collecting this information and and and
you know why you have a camera it will
always have a customer benefit so talk
about the so that's the voice of the
thing aspect of it what about the camera
aspect of it in the case that in the
case of the camera it is there today to
detect presence and so when you walk
into a room it can detect that you're
there and the screen will come on when
you're not there the screen goes off and
it's also there for communication
features so we have video call right
video chatting and video chatting and so
it has a use case you can also disable
that with a click of a button as well ok
so you've built this massive platform
already and it's been how many years
since the first echo 3 3 and we had
Scott Galloway here from NYU talking
about thinking by his estimate you have
about 70% of this market which it's
relatively a small market but you've
left ahead of Google you're ahead of
Google you're head of Apple how do you
think about the responsibilities that go
with that platform we've seen Google
struggle with this with their search
platform favoring Google services over
other stuff how do you make sure when
someone is let's say shopping through
the app or through Alexa that's the
not only getting like Amazon branded
products if I say I want batteries I'm
getting maybe Duracell instead of the
Amazon version of batteries how do you
guys play around with that and the
responsibility that comes with this
platform this growing platform yeah I in
the case of the shopping example we will
return something similar to what you
would get on Amazon search results and
there that will be bestseller so whether
it's an Amazon basics brand which in the
case of batteries I think is a great
product great reviews and very low
prices but it can also be any other
brand it also is weighed with your past
purchase history and so something that
you've purchased before and you know the
reason why this is actually really hard
with voice and shopping is that when
you're trying to order or shop via voice
you don't necessarily customers don't
want to hear a long list of products
that come back you really want to give
them one choice maybe two you want to
get it right that first time and so you
know we it's it's a very much based on
sort of amazon's customer first first
approach if i am building a shopping app
in my allowed to have a shopping skill
as a third party outside of amazon on
alexa meaning if you're maybe you're if
i'm let's say Target or Walmart so we
have Best Buy yes Best Buy has a skill
that you guys you know take a look at
the music experience and so yeah so
Amazon has prime music and Amazon music
unlimited but we also have Pandora
Spotify and others and so for us it's
important to bring customers choice and
selection with with the services that we
offer so we have a lot of marketers in
the audience can you talk a little bit
about how people might want to market or
make money through the Alexa platform
whether it's through ad sells or maybe
native advertising and a and a new
segment or something like that is that
on the out on the platform and what are
you seeing there so advertising today
what we what you have today is in
content that's
streamed on the device so music video
news providers their advertising has
included just which is consistent with
what you would experience when you're
listening to that content on a mobile
device or somewhere else beyond that
from a pure advertising perspective it's
something that we want to think really
hard about because it's it can be
distracting from a customer experience
perspective and it's something that we
want to be very thoughtful about
creating a new experience from an
advertising perspective and a primary in
this case in a primarily voice based
experience but then we also have ways
for developers and companies to make
money through the you know we have a
paid subscription an upsell program so
we just launched about a month ago with
jeopardy the ability to upsell to double
jeopardy so it's a Content pack and and
you can add up for $0.99 or free with
Prime and so we're starting to get kind
of that I actually don't know and so for
us it's a brown driving monetization
that drives a direct customer benefit as
well and that will also teach us how
customers will use us and what will be
acceptable and what is a good user
experience and you know we have other
ways that developers can make money as
well where we pay them from a paid
engagement perspective if they have a
skill that drives high engagement we
have AWS credits etc and so we've got a
bunch of pieces that were experimenting
with and that we've been rolling out so
last thing Alexa's going global I think
how many countries know Australia yeah
so we just announced Australia last
night we're in India Japan Canada which
is releasing soon UK Germany US and how
does that work how does besides a
language obviously and how is the Alexus
experience different in those countries
versus what we're seeing right now in
the US yeah so it's fully localized so
we take the Alexa core experience and
personality and a lot of those things
stay true
and we localized and so we have a local
voice that has a local accent we
localized skills we have a robust set of
data and knowledge that we have to start
understanding this personality go into
that to you talk it does it does and so
you know her personality doesn't
radically change is really the same
everywhere but you know there's a
localized piece to it so if you ask her
favorite you know an opinion or her
favorite it will change you know in
different countries and so we do spend a
lot of time on fine-tuning what that
localized experience would be you know
part of is we have to understand the
language and then we have to be able to
respond back in that language for the
proper accent and so each of these are
fully localized so when is Alexa fully
global how long I don't know that's a
question years months I mean this is
something we'd love to go faster but we
want to do it the right way we want
customers in each of these countries to
love the experience and so for us it's a
you know you have to balance the the
speed at which you can do that with
really having a delightful experience
right that's all we have time for but I
do have a programming note for everyone
before we break for lunch lunch will be
in the getty lounge and the hudson
crossing and while you guys are out
there stop by and talk to those pepper
robots as little white cute robots out
there they're not just for decoration
you can actually interact with them and
talk to them and take a selfie with them
we also have some cool VR demos so when
you're done with lunch check those out
as well
we'll be back right here at 1:30 for a
conversation with Brian Cornell the
board chairman and CEO of targets and
Jeff Schumacher founder and CEO of BCG
digital ventures with Fast Company
editor and managing director Robert
Southey on following that we'll be
breaking out like we did yesterday and
pillar programming so check back of your
name badge and you should have the
stickers designated where you're
supposed to go for that marketing pillar
is gonna be right here in the Columbus
room and the next big thing pillar is
gonna be sponsored by BCG digital
ventures in the tower east-west across
the hall and go eat we'll see you back
at 1:30 thanks guys
