what was it that about Fox that made you
be like I need something else I want
something new NBC is a big change it was
a combination of a lot of things first
and foremost I was not seeing my
children grow up you know I would leave
for work at 3:00 3:30 which is exactly
when your kids get home from school you
know they had aged into that school
schedule when I started the Kelly file
they were all they were four three and
newborn by the time I left they were two
out of three were in school till 3:00 so
I wasn't seeing them I wasn't seeing two
out of my three children Monday through
Friday except for that 45 minutes in the
morning where you're just yelling at
them to get their backpack and their
sneakers and get out you know which is
not meaningful so I wasn't happy it
wasn't good enough you know that I'm
fine being a working parent I need to be
a working parent I love my work that
wasn't good enough the balance had
tipped too far professionally I really
felt like there was no more growth for
me at Fox News that I had done all the
things I wanted to do there
you
