I'm Peter Singer I'm the IRA WD camp
professor of bioethics at the University
Center for human values at Princeton
University there's there's very good
evidence that if you start from a low
base you don't have very much money
getting more money will make you better
off up to in the United States roughly
seventy thousand dollars it's pretty
clear that getting up to that level will
make you happier with your life but once
you get above around seventy thousand
dollars this effect starts to drop off
though dramatically the marginal utility
of any extra income starts to fall and
the the line doesn't go quite flat but
it goes almost flat after that point
whereas on the other hand there's very
good evidence that people who are
generous people who think of others
people who don't just think of
themselves are significantly happier in
their lives so that's why I would argue
that once you've got past that seventy
thousand dollar level giving some of
what you have above that is going to
actually make you better off not worse
off there's lots of good research
linking happiness and donating to
charity at all sorts of different levels
for example in one experiment people
were asked to come in and they were
given a modest amount of money and they
were told at randomly selected some of
them were told go and spend this on
yourself buy something nice for yourself
and others were told go and spend this
on on someone else do something that's
good for someone else and then at the
end of the day they were asked to come
back and they were asked to rate how
well they they day had gone and there
was a significant difference and the
people who were asked to spend the money
on others and who did that reported much
more positively about their day than the
others did
