hi I'm Jocko willing I'm retired from
the military and just wrote a book
called discipline equals freedom Field
Manual so there's different types of
stress that people face and in my
opinion most of the time we're either
facing stress of things that we can
control and stress of things that we
can't control
well if it's stressed of things that we
cannot control what you have to do is
you mitigate that stress as much as
possible you've planned you've trained
you've done everything you can in your
power to mitigate the stress that's
facing you and then after that there's
nothing you can do so you have to let
that one go
if it's something that it is something
that you can control it's something that
it's hanging over your head a lot of
times people have something that they're
afraid of they've got a client that's
mad at them they've got a project that's
due and they let that stress hang over
their head I don't let that happen if
I've got a problem with one of my
clients that needs to get solved - guess
what i'ma do I'm gonna call them up and
I'm gonna say hey here's what's going on
this is the situation this thing went
sideways I didn't expect it now it's
gonna take me some more time to get you
what you need but I'm gonna do that up
front same thing with a project that
I've got I'm not gonna let that thing
hang over my head and wait to the last
minute and be scared of it know if I've
got something do I'm going to attack it
I'm gonna attack that stress so that's
what I recommend you do if you've got
things that are stressful in your life
that you can't control
do what you can to mitigate them and
then you can't worry about them anymore
and actually worrying about them is
taking away energy from what you should
be doing which is concentrating on the
things that you actually can control so
the things that I can control that are
causing me stress I'm going to attack
them that's what you need to do
