Ivanova Matsuhisa on abnormal
restaurants Group and hotel
you don't need extra wasabi wasabi
always inside between the lance and fish
so you can use a chopstick or even the
finger also does matter more a
comfortable way okay here's the wasabi
and the gingers normally people take the
wasabi dip soy sauce here right but for
me mr. Kimura traditional way piece of
the fish they put soy sauce and wasabi
meat over the fish then not much soy
sauce
so this is a 2d way sashimi
needy and low nigiri sushi make half
time take the chopstick and put soy
sauce peach side you can see no no lies
just touch of soy sauce on the top of
the fish then
but now gingers piece of the gingers
after one bite if we try the next one
some tuna shrimp or whitefish take one
piece of the ginger
greens are some taste them try the next
pieces so sushi roll take this one and
this is no choice put the soy sauce in
the lights but just little just little
then one bite
so everything is the one bite don't buy
the two bites
I think it's better eat more the light
then little bit the heavy means like a
like a more funny fish at the end the
final sushi maybe better low even like a
more cucumber or more not like a fish so
you can below washing clothes and sour
plums you know this is my way I like
that
