I'm Chelsea Miller and I make knives the
chefs at Eleven Madison Mario Batali
Massimo Bottura chefs who make some
really really really delicious food
let's say that my smaller knives start
at 200 the largest knife the chef's
knife for 800 I moved to New York when I
was 18 and I was singing dancing acting
and as much as I loved that kind of
storytelling I grew up in Vermont on a
farm homeschooled my father was a
blacksmith and I was really missing that
that quality of working with your hands
and that creative process so I went home
for a while at the end of 2011 and
started playing around in my father's
shop these knives came out of that
exploration my friends encouraged me to
take out a booth at the Brooklyn Flea
and the Brooklyn Flea is an incredible
place to be as a creator because there's
an incredible amount of foot traffic and
a lot of high-profile writers
photographers chefs and that's how I got
my first publications and severa
magazine in the New York Times and it
really blew up from there most of all my
knives have a grater on the side which
is very unique because I've never seen a
knife with a grater but also that is the
original function of the original
material that I make it from they're
made from horseshoe rasps which have
that rasp on the side that was
originally used for filing horses hooves
so in my mind I thought why take that
away we can incorporate that into this
new tool since I've started my own
business I've noticed a real progressive
movement towards more and more and more
handmade things and a lot more
consciousness about where your items are
coming from trying to buy things that
are gonna last through your lifetime
instead of something that's meant to be
thrown away the second you open it I
leave a window of about three to six
months if I were making one knife at a
time that would take me a couple of days
but because I have so many and I tend to
make them in batches so as many as I can
I start I start from the beginning
process maybe 10
knives at the same time so for a few
weeks I'll be working on those first
initial processes on those knives
altogether then I'll move on to the next
stage I use the Forge for all of my
smaller knives and essentially what
we're doing is we're heating the metal
and then using the hammer to hammer out
the metal lengthen the metal to give us
a longer smoother material and I don't
do that with the chef's knives because I
want to leave that grater on the side of
the knife so with the larger chef's
knives I have already cut out the pieces
in Vermont with an oxy acetylene torch
and then once I get them here I start to
soften the legal process so I start with
my bench grinder grinding away the
excess metal on one side to leave the
grater on the other and then I'll move
to my belt sander and using a series of
belts that go from very coarse to very
fine I'll bring that blade down to a
fine edge and make it all shiny and
smooth and and sharp each piece
depending on the way that it looks it
calls for a different piece of wood so
I'll shuffle through a lot of wood to
find the right wood for the right knife
and will cut out the wood we will sand
the handle a little bit then we'll drill
the holes glue it together clamp it and
then wait for it to cure I usually let
it cure for about 24 hours then we'll
take that off sand the handle down all
the excess and glue off the edges and
then we'll put a final sharpen on the
blade oil up the handle and it's ready
it's ready to go off and cut some
vegetables
you
you
