well I mean saying that dossier is fake
news doesn't make it fake news it's just
an assertion my name is Luke Harding I'm
a journalist and a writer and my new
book is called collusion and it's about
Donald Trump and Russia according to
people I've talked to who kind of close
to him believes that the Doce is not
flawless one or two things may be wrong
he acknowledges that it's raw
intelligence but broadly he thinks is
right and he says it's between 70 and 90
percent correct that's his kind of
assessment which foreign intelligence
report is pretty good as we learn more
about the Trump team their engagements
with Russia
we were told to begin with nothing to
see here
I think the dossier kind of is standing
it pretty well the thing about
intelligence is it it's kind of no black
and white there okay instead of gray
some sources are better than others but
my understanding is that even though
steel hasn't revealed who is sources are
we don't know who they are they're their
sources that kind of proven themselves
in other areas for example steel wrote a
holiday reports about the warranty war
in Ukraine in 2014
using these same sources that were
behind the Trump dossier and they were
well received by US intelligence and
were actually sent up to John Kerry in
the State Department and they were
accurate
there's been a lot of kind of noise
about confusion GPS but but really that
that's all sort of process at the end of
the day it doesn't matter who paid for
the Dulce area we know festival it was a
rich Republican who didn't like Trump
then the Democrats took over the
contract but essentially the key
question is is it true is it true and we
now have a special prosecutor Bob Miller
who's examining all this we have Trump
firing the head of the FBI James Comey
because of the Russia thing which was
kind of vexing him and and we have a
kind of him we have a sort of process
going forward to try and verify all this
and I think really that's all that still
wanted still wanted his allegations to
be taken seriously and he wanted a you
know the US with its kind of vast
resources and investigative powers to
examine it
you
