serving in the United States Senate has
been the great honour of my life I know
in my heart that nothing I have done as
a senator nothing
has brought this honor on on this
institution and I am confident that the
Ethics Committee would agree
nevertheless
today I am announcing that in the coming
weeks I will be resigning as a member of
the United States Senate I of all people
and aware that there is some irony in
the fact that I am leaving while a man
who has bragged on tape about his
history of sexual assault sits in the
Oval Office and a man who has repeatedly
preyed on young girls campaigns for the
Senate with with the full support of his
party but this decision is not about me
it's about the people of Minnesota it
has become clear that I can't both
pursue the ethics committee process and
at the same time remain an effective
senator for them let me be clear
I may be resigning my seat but I am NOT
giving up my voice I will continue to
stand up for the things I believe in
as a citizen and has an activist
