so some of the most important habits of
self-made millionaires that I uncovered
in my research well the first would be
living below your means this is
important because if you can live below
your means it's like a domino effect now
you can save and that because you can
save now you can invest which is another
one of the most important rich habits
automate your savings and then invest
your savings
the other one is dream setting and what
it really is is developing a script it's
like a blueprint for your ideal perfect
future life you go out 10 15 20 years
and in this script inside the script are
your dreams I want to have a big
beautiful house maybe a house by the the
beach you know maybe you want to have
this a specific type of car you want to
make a certain amount of money have a
certain type of job these are all dreams
right so what you do then is focus on
each dream like a rung on a ladder and
then you build goals around each dream
you might have four or five goals that
are required for each dream and once you
accomplish those goals you realize your
dream and then you move on to the next
rung on the ladder and as you climb up
the ladder the higher and higher you get
the closer you get to your ideal perfect
lives another one would be
self-improvement I don't want to leave
that one out this is something that self
millionaires do they're obsessed with
growing their knowledge base and also
deliberate practice practicing their
skill sets every day so they're
developing their knowledge through
self-improvement and through
self-improvement they're developing
their skill sets they're practicing to
perfect and improve their skill sets so
those would be the top
