when I was in LA I went to a
full-fledged police academy so I know
the hard work and dedication that these
guys put put in to you know keep keep
people safe me running for sheriff I've
a fellow over the past couple years has
been a disconnect from the community and
police so the community that I'm an I'm
definitely gonna try to bring that back
together works
I love making neighborhood safe I've
mentioned that a plan on London in 2020
I live in our Henry County that's a town
called McDonagh outside of Atlanta when
I was coming up the police were loved
and respected but you know it's tough
for both sides right now I would try to
bring back community policing when I was
coming up here as a cop on my
neighborhood everybody know he was a
fair guy like he catch you stealing gum
and he tap you hey man get out of here
like you know you know we need that then
you'd have me Jones did I hey officer
song so kids down there fighting that
you know go down there and break it up
so I would definitely try to introduce
that back
we're different more divided a SWAT one
whenever I'm out there just try to ease
people's tension my Newmark togetherness
we need more joyfulness that's why I was
trying to just make people laugh there's
a lot going on and a lot of craziness
going on you were thinking 2017 will be
much more vets but it seems like we're
going backwards
you
you
