my name is Scott Key's I'm the CEO and
co-founder of Scott's cheap flights
let's say you're looking to go both the
Johannesburg in Cape Town
if you are searching on kayak you know
you've put in Johannesburg and Cape Town
in South Africa look for that flight
price it might be let's say it's like
200 bucks that's the price that they're
giving to Americans searching on kayak
comm you know who don't necessarily know
what that flight should cost or aren't
necessarily doing a lot of comparison
shopping on that it often times is
actually a different price for the South
African flub version of let's say kayak
or let's say Orbitz wherever you know
you buy flights the actual in-country
version of that might show that's the
exact same flight exact same times and
dates and everything for 125 bucks
because they know you know for folks in
South Africa might be expecting a
different price point might you know
people in the US who are gonna be
flagged from Johannesburg to Cape Town
typically vacation travelers leisure
travelers much more willing to spend
folks who already in-country might be a
little bit more price sensitive and so
by searching on the South African
version of the site a lot of things you
can actually get a better a better rate
for again the exact same flight exact
same seat and everything the one caveat
if you're doing alternate location
ticketing you know your flight you're
using the South African version of kayak
to book a flight from Johannesburg to
Cape Town say is making sure to check
the fare rules every once in a while
this is not common but every once in a
while a country will have a specific
thing in there it says this fare is only
available for the South African
nationals
and the price is like legally has to be
different for foreigners there again
this is not common it's something you
that tends to be much more common in
South America in Ecuador and Peru I know
a lot of times they sort of flight from
Lima to Cusco or the flight from Y aqu√≠
lo out to the Galapagos Islands will be
a different price for Ecuadorians as for
you know people not from Ecuador or
people not from Peru that that's not
common but I would just do you know a
couple minutes of googling making sure
that there's not like this type of thing
for your you know specific trip
you
