here are the free things you can get on
your birthday the key to getting free
stuff on your birthday is signing up for
loyalty programs here's where I went on
my birthday my first stop was Aman pen
if you're a Rewards member they give you
a free sandwich or a salad on your
birthday I ordered a black bean burger
showed them my ID and they gave it to me
for free next up I went to Panera they
give you a free pastry on your birthday
if you're a Rewards member so I got a
free cinnamon scone it was okay it was
really sugary but it was free then we
went to IHOP I hadn't gotten my birthday
coupon yet but they gave me a free stack
of pancakes anyway so next we went to
most southwestern Grill I ordered my
burrito got to the cashier scan a QR
code for my free burrito in the most app
it disappeared from the app and she told
me it didn't work she called over her
co-worker he told me they're not a
participating location so I ended up
having to pay for my birthday burrito so
if you're gonna go to Moe's for your
free birthday burrito check if they're
participating location first next I went
to Jamba Juice
all I had to do was punch in my phone
number after having signed up for their
loyalty program and I got a free
smoothie it was chocolate peanut butter
banana it was so good - the plastic
straw as if I hadn't had enough sugar
yet that day it was time for Krispy
Kreme I had downloaded their app you get
a free donut just for signing up and you
get a free birthday donut I got two free
donuts - so I've done all this bopping
around getting free stuff but I really
wanted for my birthday was cake we found
a Sprinkles Cupcakes
once again my birthday coupon had not
come through yet but they honored it and
gave me my free birthday cupcake anyway
it was red velvet it was pretty good
last stop was Wendy's I had a read
online you got a free frosty on your
birthday Wendy's got in line at Wendy's
got to the register said hello it's my
birthday can I have a free frosty and
they looked at me like I had four heads
so he went and got his manager manager
came back and
chocolate or vanilla and I said
chocolate and it was free I don't know
if this works everywhere or if they just
felt awkward or bad for me but I did get
a free frosty on my birthday by the end
of the day my brother had had enough
there are so many places I didn't even
get to like Dairy Queen Ben and Jerry's
cold stone Pinkberry Starbucks Dunkin
Donuts there's so many endless
possibilities if you'd like to go to
those places more power to you enjoy
your birthday treats treat yo'self it's
your birthday
