hi I'm Jacque were willing I'm retired
from the military and just wrote a book
called discipline equals freedom Field
Manual people will ask me if I'm worried
about the threat a nuclear threat from
North Korea and and I think it is
something you have to be concerned about
obviously they have the weapons they
have the technology it may not be
perfect but it doesn't have to be
perfect for them to do some real damage
so it's something we have to be very
cautious of we have to pay attention to
and we need to be careful
one of my most popular tweets that I
have put out was surprisingly it was a
remark that I made about someone asked
me about what to do in North Korea and I
rough replied that the thing to do would
be to drop 25 million iPhones into North
Korea and then give them free Wi-Fi
satellite coverage and of course you
know some people came back and said well
how would they get power for the phones
and people broke down the strategic plan
it wasn't men that way what it was what
was meant to say is there's people in
North Korea that are living under severe
repression under a brutal dictator they
starve they don't have energy they don't
have food they don't have progress it is
a nightmare to live there and the only
reason that some of them continue go on
in that lifestyle is because they
believe the propaganda they've been
given and I do think that if you could
give them the truth about what the rest
of the world was like they would
probably take care of that problem
themselves
you
