hi my name is Eric I was looking for
something to attract attention to my
business and I was looking for a blimp
or a balloon or something and I went on
eBay I couldn't find anything that I
liked to was no blimps or balloons or
anything I came up with this
the truck originally was from Arizona it
had been built by a Chevy dealership and
a GMC dealership in the old days and
they used to just park it in front of
one of the other and they would use it
to attract attention to their place
I have the world's biggest trunk it's
actually very practical
my plate is a interesting story I went
down today
he's an application for a vanity plate
and before I told her what I wanted I
showed her a picture of the truck and
she said what can I say no no I said
they won't let me have that I said so
I'm just getting what the it's hard to
have a bad day and drive this truck boat
15 years ago I had a Monday it was so
bad I was still in a bad mood on Tuesday
I had to go to get some parts popped in
the truck and I was driving up there and
everybody's pulling up beside me and
they had given me the thumbs up and
they're smiling finally I looked over at
this guy and he just had this smile from
here to here and he was going like this
and I like looked at him and I kind of
like cracked a little smile and it was
like the curse was lifted I just I
couldn't be in a bad mood anymore all I
can say it's just I have more fun
driving this than anything I've ever
driven I Drive this and I get my picture
taken every two minutes so it's pretty
cool
