my name is Daniel Farkas I was finance
minister of Greece during the heady days
of 2015 with a book adults in the room
isn't it astonishing that after Jeremy
Corbyn was being described as the
longest suicide note by the Labour Party
about a year ago today there is an air
of inevitability in a carbon led
government I think it's a delicious
irony and I am very excited by this
transition from impossibility to
inevitability Lynne interest of full
disclosure I'm a fan tutoring company
supporter I've worked with he still
continue to do so I believe that the
reorientation of Jewish politics and in
any particular of the Labour Party is
highly beneficial not only to the large
strata within British society that have
been discarded in the last twenty thirty
years
but interestingly also for British
business that produces real stuff as
opposed to the City of London and
various other service sectors that
produce the caves jobs and nothing
knowledge of substance British
manufacturing is being dis left in the
margins for far too long and the birth
of investment in the fixed capital is
something that this Conservative
government has no interesting concept of
a Labour Hoban let government might be
what is necessary in order to create
better circumstances for labour and for
manufacturing capital
