well beating a jet lag for me it's an
early morning run so wherever I go I
wake up early I do my run and that's
that's for me the way to to to beat the
jet lacan or being in New York now it's
there's no better place to run in the
morning than many Central Park so that's
what I do
and for the rest traveling and going
around it's just it's just greatest I
love to board the aircraft in Amsterdam
and ten hours later to be in some Paulo
or be in LA or being in Shanghai China
everything is on a fixed place
everything is it's packed in the same
way I'm boarding an aircraft about every
other week so I want to make sure I
don't forget anything I need everything
to be done in the very same way I know
where I've seen expect I know the
sequence of backing it so yes I do it in
a very same structured way know at the
time I need and have to remember what I
need to pack I should be out of a job
right know what I do is I have a special
back for sort of my running stuff and
and some of the non-business related
items and then I have a small carry-on
luggage for business shirts ties and so
on
well it's definitely not Tuesday
afternoon so prices are changing all the
time according to the season according
to the demand according to the specific
circumstances so I wouldn't be able to
give you a sort of specific time of the
year or a time of the moment obviously
outside the holiday period it's it's its
pricing is different than then within
the holiday pit which is a bit similar I
guess to hotels and all kinds of other
businesses well sometimes we do have
overbooking situations and in that case
of course we try to find our most loyal
customers and try to reward them for
their loyalty even if they fly coach to
have them upgraded so I guess the answer
to your question is to be a loyal
customer on KLM and you'll have the most
the chance to be upgraded
