I just tried the Tom Brady diet for a
week so Tom Brady's got this new book
called the T b12 method in the book he
outlines in detail the fitness regimens
he undertakes and diet as well Tom
Brady's nutrition plan definitely made
me tweak my already okay diet in terms
of the food that I ate during the week
you're staying away from from sugars and
dairies and refined carbohydrates it's a
lot of vegetables lean white meats we
had ground turkey burgers over lots of
greens peppers carrots we also had a
grilled chicken breast some brussel
sprouts and then quinoa then during the
day I would eat an apple
I would eat almonds Tom Brady is all
about the hydration and constantly
drinking water it's recommended that you
take your total body weight cut that in
half and then drink the corresponding
amount of ounces of water that's half
your body weight every day I would drink
approximately 90 ounces of water three
big pulling spring bottles of water in
terms of caffeine I usually drink like 4
cups of coffee a day on average which is
a lot it's too much Tom Brady he does
not drink caffeine but he recommended a
maximum amount of 200 milligrams of
caffeine a day and that equals two cups
of coffee in terms of alcohol Tom Brady
in the book says that he does
occasionally have a cocktail but he says
that if you're gonna drink alcohol you
need to match the ounce amount of
alcohol that you drink with water so if
you have a 12 ounce beer you need to
drink a 12 ounce glass of water one of
the dishes that I tried was the avocado
ice cream which Tom Brady's been famous
for making before okay you guys
wasn't a fan of the avocado ice cream
sorry Tom over all the Tom Brady t b12
experience was a big improvement over my
regular routine I loved always focusing
on eating healthy and avoiding unhealthy
rich sugary foods I think this is
definitely a positive tweak for me I
feel like it's already had a positive
impact on me
