if we had the machines doing more of the
work we could all live like rich people
hi I'm Tim O'Reilly I'm the author of a
book called WTF what's the future and
why it's up to us there's a wonderful
idea that was articulated by Google's
chief economist Hal Varian he said if
you want to understand the future just
look at what rich people do today and
when you first hear it you think what a
heartless libertarian , then you realize
wait rich people once said running water
and poor people didn't never be as
running water pretty much and least in
the developed world rich people used to
go on the grand tour of Europe and now
you know soccer fans follow their teams
around Europe only rich people had cell
phones it's not that long ago and our
via cell phones so what are which people
do today first off they they have great
education with small class sizes
intensive teaching they have concierge
medicine they have incredible
opportunity to enjoy the fruits of the
good life go why wouldn't we want to
make that for everybody you know if we
had the machines doing more of the work
we could all live like rich people you
know and that I think is is kind of a
vision john maynard keynes expressed
this beautifully in 1929 in his essay
economic possibilities for our
grandchildren what we have to solve is
what he believes was mankind's true
economic problem how we will use the
fruits of this productivity to live
wisely and well you know and I think
that's what we have to solve for there's
plenty to go around is just not going
around
you
