so many of traditional foods that we've
sort of fallen out of touch with are
underrated you know things like a
traditional Italian ragout of you know
oxtail and you know a neck bone pigs
feet can be you know these days pig feet
you have to go to expensive hipster
restaurant to get over the next lot the
new lobster I'm Potter no pig tails
would be nice too they could be really
really great and they're you know
they're in limited supply just like
lobster and take some skill to eat for
me I moved to San Francisco I was 19 and
started like I had Korean food the first
time when I got off the airplane one of
the first things I had of that meal was
just grilled grilled mackerel like a
piece of grilled mackerel and I was like
this is amazing it's very fishy but not
in a bad way because I'd only grown up
eating catfish that was deep-fried you
know what I mean I never ate like
grilled fish or knew the flavor of the
ocean
putting showcasing things on the menu
like we're really started at like
showcase more oily fish like little
smells in sardines anchovies even like
little bait fish you know like using
those in innovative ways and getting
people excited about them because it's
what we're excited about across America
people have lost touch with what used to
be a staple at a certain lower income
point so it's really a lot of these
ingredients we're talking about it we're
urging people to to use more of so as to
avoid waste the techniques that were
talking about slow cooking braising
stewing pickling these are very these
are nothing new to you know people you
know even today we're a West Virginia
all across the south and you know huge
parts of America particularly in the
cities we have lost touch with them
you
