people are having to make do with living
in smaller properties so we we have to
find ways of making it seem that the
properties are larger than they are
immediately we come in the flat and
there's a little kitchen it's got
everything you need just not very much
of it so as a fringe your hob little
oven sink place to work and some
cupboards to keep your you know
groceries in there's a micro bathroom
the whole floor is actually a shower
tray tiny little sink and a mirror
everything overlapped to make the most
of it so in the main room so you get
little sofa wardrobe a TV or Internet
stuff that seems to be people's main
concern this is the bed the bed comes
down and takes up most of the floor
space nice double bed and in the morning
by-by bed
back to your living room and to rent
this flat probably ask about 800 pounds
a month I think a well-designed flat can
be more spacious than a bigger flowers a
big bad design flat it's not as pleasant
to live in as a well-designed a flat
with overlapping areas not all about
size
