Bill Gates has set an amazing example in
terms of the amount of money that he has
donated to philanthropy but perhaps even
more important the concern that he's had
to make sure that this money does the
most good it possibly can and on top of
that Warren Buffett has then realized
that his friend Bill Gates is doing this
that he's putting a lot of effort into
making sure that his money does the most
good and so Buffett as well has donated
most of his fortune to the Gates
Foundation and this you know not just in
in dollar terms but even in
inflation-adjusted dollar terms this is
the largest philanthropic donation in
history it even had stretches that of
Andrew Carnegie or john d rockefeller so
I'm really impressed by this and I'm
impressed by the fact that Gates in
particular and Melinda Gates I should
mention as well have both made it their
life's work to really try to help people
in poverty to really live up to the idea
that every human life has equal value
whether it's the life of an impoverished
person in a developing country or the
life of one of their fellow Americans
when I talk about how effectively we can
give and how we can save lives at a
relatively small cost to ourselves the
obvious question that people ask is well
how much is enough what's what's the
stopping point right I can give enough
for example to save a life quite easily
and that wouldn't involve much sacrifice
or really any sacrifice to the lifestyle
that I live but having done that I could
give more and save more lives or I could
donate to charities that are restoring
sight in people who are blind because of
cataracts for example and again there's
many that I could sow so where do I stop
and I don't think there's any
straightforward answer to that question
that applies to everybody people find
their own limits I know some people and
the effective altruism movement who've
said I'm just gonna live on a basic
income other people say no I'm gonna
give let's say 10% of what I earn
and that can be a very substantial
amount but for people who are
comfortably off it's not really a
significant sacrifice to give 10% of
what you earn and in fact in terms of
the fulfillment that you get from it in
terms of the sense that you're living a
life with a different purpose with a
broader purpose that you're living a
life perhaps that's more in harmony with
your values I know many many people who
say it's not a sacrifice at all
