now the woman's not working at the
company anymore and the harasser can
stay and nobody ever knows
so the Supreme Court ruled on
arbitration clauses more than 20 years
ago making them an accessible via
vehicle for corporations to put them
into contracts so I guess the excuse was
so we wouldn't clog the courts with
workplace disputes the problem is that
forced arbitration is secret and so when
a woman comes forward with a sexual
harassment claim and she has an
arbitration clause in her contract
nobody ever knows about it she's
basically given up her Seventh Amendment
right through an open jury process and
so she's sexually harassed she files a
claim the claim goes to arbitration the
company in most cases picks the
arbitrator only 20% of the time does the
woman or the employee win there's not
the same amount of witness witnesses
that you can call or depositions and
there are no appeals so the biggest
factor though is the secrecy element now
the woman's not working at the company
anymore and the harasser can stay and
nobody ever knows about so that's
inherently wrong to me it's outrageous
that women are being silenced in this
way on this specific issue so what I've
been trying to do on Capitol Hill is
take the secrecy out of it and so I've
been meeting with senators for the last
year to try and make this a bipartisan
effort nothing gets done on Capitol Hill
right now
so I know and understand that we need to
have bipartisan support on this for it
to ever become a reality and so on this
issue Democrats tend to be on my side
I'm really working hard to get
Republicans to at least do baby steps
and get rid of the secrecy element and
would it be wonderful that would come
forward with a bill that would support
women
