this is the McDonald's of Russia
it started in 1998 and today there are
more than 300 locations in Russia
it's called Terramax and it just planted
its flag in the States I went to one of
the New York City locations to see if it
can live up to the height the inside of
Tara mock looks pretty chill it looks
like your typical fast casual restaurant
price-wise Tara mock was a little bit
more expensive than McDonald's but most
of the place ranged from seven to ten
dollars
I ordered a ton of food off of the menu
including the butcher's block the
butcher's block is stuffed with mashed
potatoes fried onions bacon and pickles
it's surrounded by this very sweet crepe
pancake wrap things it's pretty spongy
the sweetness of the pancakes
surrounding actually meshes really well
with the savory flavors that are inside
it's a really interesting combination of
textures and I will that I wasn't
expecting but it's really good so one of
the more traditional meals that they
have is called the red stars it actually
has a bunch of caviar eggs in it The
Wrap in general has a very fishy taste
to it I'm not a fan of seafood so this
wouldn't really be my go-to choice but
it's really not that bad they also have
the say cheese which is just a wrap
filled with cheese and as you can guess
it's pretty delicious
as far as side dishes go you can order
these dumpling like things called Pell
Meany or pelmeni they're really oily but
it's filled with some kind of meat and
it's pretty
so the most traditional dish that they
have at Terra Mach is what's called
kasha it has a buckwheat base to it and
you can fill it up with your choice of
either Frankfurt hot dogs chicken ground
beef and they have a few options
available this is probably my least
favorite dish it's just like grain and
hotdogs on top of it and for the price
I'd rather just get a hot dog like on
any street corner overall I really liked
it it's being called the McDonald's of
Russia but honestly it's higher quality
food than that they only have two
locations in the States but I would not
be surprised to see these restaurants
start to pop up in cities all over the
country
