I work in food waste reduction
campaigning and I want to show people
that there's so much breadth of food
that is being thrown away and it is very
easy for you to eat more sustainably and
cheaply just on food that people
throwing away it's what I do is that I
usually stay around two closing times on
the shops and are just trying observe
where they throw away the food there's
actually a lot of freegans in London who
are doing the exact same thing
I think I've saved a lot of money since
I've started this challenge I think what
I really want to do this money is to
travel around to UK and learn about
different recipes that people of the
United Kingdom is using to make yourself
the leftovers I think there are so many
ways we can save food and I want to
share these recipes with everyone around
me
