hello I'm Philip cotton I'm northa I
write fiction and nonfiction and my
latest book is may we borrow your
language Americans have taken some some
British
English terms a couple of examples of
the fall Falls a word for autumn
originated in England and went over to
America with the earliest settlers the
the American very characteristic
American got me you know for the past
tense of get has died out over here but
it does survive still in a formulation
like forgotten so you know there are a
few terms that actually in a way you
could say the Americans are more
traditional because they're still using
them and one reason why America has got
a slightly different form of English
from from British English is that it was
a kind of conscious decision in the
nineteenth century when the first
dictionaries were being compiled to set
up a slightly different form of the
language which is why for instance you
know Americans have slightly different
spelling it's like a super performance
color without the you annette or humor
without the unit and that was almost
kind of deliberate decision by the
dictionary compilers to say we've got
our own language we want to support our
own printing houses will forge ahead
with our and our in stand speaking if
enough English British English people
want to speak use Americanisms then they
will do I don't think you can stop
language languages like a water you
can't damage you can't stop it flowing
