you know what I find amazing about this
is I don't think I've seen this many New
York liberals this many Wall Street CEOs
in one room since my last visit to the
White House I want to promise you though
because I've heard a few stories about
how the dinner went last year so just I
want to put your minds at ease you can
relax about my remarks I know last year
that Donald Trump offended some people I
know his comments according to critics
went too far
some said it was unbecoming of a public
figure and they said that his comments
were offensive well thank God he's
learned his lesson the truth is the
press
absolutely misunderstands and never
records the big accomplishments of the
White House look at all the new jobs
that the president is created just among
the White House staff
I mean when you read the papers tomorrow
everyone's gonna report this thing
differently break Bart's gonna lead with
Ryan slams the president amongst liberal
Elise the other times get a report
Ryan defends the president in a state
hillary won and in simple tweet 300,000
at Al Smith dinner tier mention of my
name
