twenty thousand five hundred and thirty
seven calories in five days oddly enough
I started sweating for my kneecaps which
I didn't even know they were like pores
sweat pores my kneecaps I'm Bob Bryan
I'm a policy reporter here at Business
Insider and for five days I ate like
Warren Buffett so Warren Buffett is the
second wealthiest man in the world he is
the CEO of Berkshire Hathaway and a
legendary investor possibly one of the
most successful investors of all time
Warren Buffett eats like a child
he's a Middle East like a child for
breakfast Buffett goes to McDonald's he
either has if the market is down he'll
have just two sausage patties if the
markets flat sausage McMuffin with egg
and cheese if the markets up bacon egg
and cheese biscuit
he owns Dairy Queen so a lot of Dairy
Queen and dinners that was a country
fried steak smothered in gravy with
mashed potatoes chicken parmesan was one
of my meals I consumed a two liter of
cherry coke every day over the course of
the five days I had about 1260 grams of
sugar that comes out to about two point
seven eight pounds of sugar also one
part of Buffett's kind of repertoire is
to put extra salt on everything
I felt bloated every day that would
usually be like an intense sugar crash
and caffeine crash from the cherry coke
you know my co-workers were saying how
irritable I became especially lethargic
the last meal we went to Warren
Buffett's favorite steakhouse in New
York City Smith & Wollensky I said you
know just give me what you know the man
himself got which was honestly just huge
mistake he usually gets the 32 ounce
Colorado rib eye so a two-pound steak
attached to the bone something you would
you know a caveman would beat someone
else over the head with it was an
absolutely massive so you know when I
got home I felt almost like food drunk I
was immersing at the seams so I you know
honestly I had the nice sweats again I
just took off my shirt in my pants and
just laid down in the starfish motion on
the ground in my living room just
staring up at the ceiling contemplating
how in the world an 87 year old man has
made it a this far in life and be
continues to make it this far in life
consuming the amount of calories and
just absolute terrible junk food that he
does and finally decided that I just
wasn't gonna eat anything but vegetables
for the next 48 hours
