so during 2005 to 2008 our husband's
traffic $2,000,000,000 to Mexico and we
would see these houses full of money
you know they had hydraulic walls that
would just come out like double-oh-seven
with millions of dollars we would have
you know a room full of money one or two
million dollars sitting in the room you
know for us to grab it our expense and
that was usual they had workers that
work there you know eight-hour shifts
three shifts per day just counting money
and they would count maybe a million
dollars in a couple hours and run it
through the machines and we're talking
you know fives and tens and ones we're
talking street money now did we benefit
from it did we live a good life yes of
course we did we were spoiled we ate
well we traveled we would sometimes
semana stay on vacation for a month on
the beach and just live life to its
fullest but at the end of the day we
wanted to denounce that life and we knew
what mattered to us was love and family
and simplicity
