but I think generally speaking if you
wanted to have generally good quality
Germany pays off like there are very
good places to go shopping hello my name
is Angus Kennedy I'm a writer I'm an
author I'm the editor of a magazine the
chocolate industry and my job is to
taste chocolates but I think it's all a
matter of taste everybody will have
their own favorite chocolate and I
actually quite like you know trying to I
mean I love champagne truffles you know
they make some very good ones here in
the UK but they also make some excellent
ones in France in Germany but I think
generally speaking if you wanted to have
generally good quality Germany pays off
like there are very good places to go
shopping because they're very health
conscious in fact the Germans are one of
the highest health conscience nations in
Europe so he wanted to consistently put
good quality chocolate in your shopping
basket you're probably better off in
Germany than you are in in the UK our
chocolate has actually the sugar content
I believe over the last 20 years has
increased so they're much sweeter than
they used to be good quality chocolate
you can buy everywhere but I think it's
harder to find if you go to the average
sort of you know Express supermarket
like there was one down here I found it
very difficult to buy I couldn't
actually find any 70 percent cocoa
chocolate here so that's interesting
