why oh I hope Hilary runs is she going
to run I hope Hilary please run again
kind of look when they take Annie
there's plenty of time to do knees and
there's plenty of time to do lots of
other things but when you take Annie she
well that's why she lost the election I
mean honestly it's that thinking that is
the reason she lost the election when
you go down and take a knee or any other
way you're sitting essentially for our
great national anthem you're
disrespecting our flag and you're
disrespecting our country and the NFL
should have suspended some of these
players for one game not fire him
suspended him for one game and then if
they did it again it could have been two
games in three games and then for the
season you wouldn't have people
disrespecting our country right now and
and if Hillary Clinton actually made the
statement that in a forum sitting down
during the playing of our great national
anthem is not disrespectful
then I fully understand why she didn't
win I know I mean I mean look there are
a lot of reasons she didn't win
including the fact that she was not good
at what she did but I will tell you that
is something that I had just heard about
and I think that I think that her
statement in itself is very
disrespectful to our country
you
