I think they should disclose them to the
company so that we can fix these bugs I
think it's a terrible thing to do to
stockpile anything because peace just
can be used in unintended ways by people
who can get access to them so I think
the issue with some of these things is
we need to make sure that everybody is
updated and patched because one weak
link in one area can propagate
especially in a connected world like
ours so that's why I think of this as
even a shared responsibility of
governments first responders like us as
tech companies and even our customers
and partners especially in times like
this where digital technology is so
pervasive in all walks of life and
infrastructure and parts of our economy
that we all come together to make sure
that security and operational security
yet all times is being improved and
stockpiling of any zero-day issues is
not going to be helpful
