hello my name is Angus Kennedy I'm a
writer
I'm an author I'm the editor of a
magazine for the chocolate industry and
my job is to taste chocolates Ruby
chocolate we're not going to see on the
market for quite a long time but the
Ruby chocolate has been claimed to be
the fourth chocolate but actually
there's lots of different colored
chocolates so how come then we have a
99% Lindt chocolate why wasn't that
called a full chocolate because that was
black so I am not convinced that it's a
fourth type of chocolate along with
white dark and milk yes it's a different
color but having said that I know
chocolate producers in Peru that have
been producing this type of pink
chocolate for years if you can actually
get the producers to tell you how it's
produced which I have asked and quite a
lot they're not giving me the recipes
it's a heavily guarded secret but
basically there is a cocoa bean that
they have identified now if you look at
that sheer cocoa bean casing I didn't
see photographs are actually quite sort
of pink and purple when you see
photographs of them so actually the
natural color for cocoa bean can be
purple so it's not unusual so all
they've done is they process it in a way
that they retain the color and produce
the chocolate so it's actually quite
simple
so if you want to know how to taste
Ruby chocolate is really easy you can do
it at home so get yourself a piece of
white chocolate put that in your mouth
first have a couple of raspberries mix
them up now put in some milk chocolate
kind of chew it around to swallow it
that's Ruby chocolate it's quite easy
it's it's it's just that raspberry
tasting to the whitish chocolate
