it's a black box and I'm not a believer
in black boxes I I recently met with a
good friend of mine a West Coast venture
capitalist who's he was very early on
this he's he's made a lot of money and
so on and I cornered him at a cocktail
party and I said now listen I want you
to explain to me what this really is
well you know okay it's a control deal
in these miners and they're only so many
I said well how about the guys behind us
well you know nobody we think we know I
just you know this this actually back in
the back in the South Sea Bubble which
is one of the great speculations and and
there's a a book by a guy named achhi
it's a classic book but he describes in
there this South Sea Bubble which was
one of the great speculations and as one
guy comes out and he puts an ad in the
paper he said great great discovery
wonderful investment investment but I
won't tell you the details and a lot of
suckers in London invested in this and
the last language this guy collected all
the money closed up left for the
continent that evening never to be heard
of again
I'm just very suspicious of things that
are are not transparent if I can't
understand it I don't want and I don't
want to invest
