that's good mmm sweeter tastes like
sugar oh yeah I'm feeling fancy maybe a
$20 bottle
I usually don't spend you know under 10
either no more than 15 maybe about $20
if I want to like get something that I
don't that isn't gonna make me gag what
I'm used to is seeing bags of wine and
drinking that
this tastes like juice MMH
we dur I think this one is a little
sweeter and better I like this one
that's good I would drink this at home
okay not to be like super pretentious
but this has more body to it for sure so
I like this one I like both of them my
preference would be this second one I
had solely because it feels like it goes
down smoother I definitely could see
myself buying these these are this is a
really good red wine
yeah I'm rockin with this this fruitier
version of wine here a taste it tastes
good oh that one's actually very good
it's smooth smoother it doesn't have
that like sharp old oldie taste but I
definitely like this one better this one
tastes
I don't know this tastes like bad so
really like this but I can't tell the
difference
really hmm
this one's really really good
this one tastes a little bit more watery
a little bit more watered down oh yeah
that's really delicious this is
wonderful I could definitely see myself
drinking this pretty much all of a
Saturday I don't think I get either of
these this one's really good
so I won with the target one each time
aka the shot to tarjay yes target $5 for
a whole bottle where you know if I'm
going out and getting one I guess I
don't gotta get target versus Trader
Joe's I would definitely buy any of
these lines I would serve them to my
wine snob friends who know more than I
do and I think that they would really
like him
