go into the jollibee yeah hey what's
going on can I do an Aloha burger the
chicken joy spicy the rice and gravy
side and then kind do the Fiesta noodles
the spaghetti a hotdog the spam sandwich
and the corned beef sandwich yo Dawg
okay I guess I'll just start right here
the amazing Aloha burger which has bacon
cheese obviously and pineapple holy crab
and it's so good the pineapple that's
what they said oh my god
the garlic with the the sauce and these
noodles alike I don't know exactly what
noodles they are I will look it up and
put on the screen right there
those noodles mean the description
seemed kind of weird but all together
it is insanely good I've got some meat
to or two men oh it's got some heat this
chicken is so good way better than KFC
did you believe oh goodness food is
sometimes near and dear to me as an
Italian man gonna try there a spaghetti
this seems to be like the main thing
that everyone talks about online hotdog
bits it's a ham and pork she's I mean to
be honest it's like something I would
come up with when I was stoned no
connection that into that the sauce is
sweet
first miss first miss on jelly bean for
the cheat with the screw the cheese and
whatever sauce is on him oh man this is
like Iceland level good of a hot dog I
have a prediction this is gonna blow my
mind as like this creamy mayo on it look
at that shape your honor that undeniable
shape of spam wow I love that too
I think it's a sauce I love jelly babe
supply it better be good dude is it just
fried too
that's so good the mainland here so
sweet at the outside is like like savory
Oh
ma'am nothing hot I like my fancy with a
little bit of danger I'm not gonna sue
that's what it takes to make this thing
that good so bad
let the skin get burned and I don't know
where to start with this thing weather
isn't that thing it's mostly shredded
ice because ice cream on top there's all
this stuff at the bottom and you got to
kind of like scoop it out and when you
be added with the shaved ice excellent
no idea how much it costs get that price
right over my face oh my god that was
incredible I'm like exhausted I ate so
much the first time a jollibee and I'll
definitely come back this was an
incredible meal look at the smile line
always smiling it's food so great that's
why
