a perfect scrambled egg is to me it's
soft
but-but-but cooked through and I think
you accomplished that by gently you know
whisking the eggs are using a fork to
get some air into it hi I'm Tom
Colicchio of craft at hospitality it
goes in the pan a pan shouldn't be too
hot
but it the eggs should start to cook
when it goes into the pan start with a
decent amount of butter melt it
don't let the butter Brown just so it's
melted and then when you put the eggs
into the pan just keep scrambling them
so use the fork and use you know just
put a four kind of flat into the pan
just keep moving around till they start
to come together and when they come
together you can regulate the heat and
this is what most average food cooks
they don't understand is how to actually
control the heat too often people just
turn the heat up and let it sit there
once the pan is hot if you just keep
that high heat on there it's gonna burn
everything so you have to learn to
regulate the heat now you can either do
that by turning the heat down or just
moving it off the heat and moving it
back and forth so if you're making the
scrambled eggs you're just kind of
moving it over and watching the eggs
cook the other thing once the eggs start
to come together get rid of the four can
use a spatula and then just kind of fold
it over and turn it over until the eggs
just come together and then it's and
that's done so there's another way to
cook scrambled eggs as well we call them
the creamy scrambles so you take a whisk
and really vigorously whisk the eggs
until it gets really airy and then that
goes into a pot not another saute pan I
like a pod and I use home the slow side
and constantly whisk it just keep
whisking almost like you're making
hollandaise and then at a certain point
when it starts to cook then the spatula
and then start folding it is a really
