one of the other principles that you
stress is this idea that you should
teach your team to fish rather than
giving them fish but you got to give
them room to make mistakes this is
something that Jeff Bezos and many other
incredibly innovative entrepreneurs have
stressed again and again we have to get
over the failure the fear of mistakes
this seems to be a keep or you learn
from mistakes and you learn from pain
like I say you know you can scratch the
car but you can't total the car okay you
mistakes is one of the bays best sources
of learning right successes mean you do
the same thing over again and okay
that's fine but mistakes that are
painful stick when I look back on my
career I think that the mistakes were
the best things that happened to me I
remember my mistakes better than my
successes somehow there must've been
more of the successes to get me where I
am but I remember all the mistakes and I
remember the lessons so that's what I
mean by paying plus reflection equals
progress so yeah it's okay
for you to make mistakes it's not okay
for you to not learn from those mistakes
that's a principle in there right and so
you have a culture that operates this
way if you don't have a culture that
operates this way it's not going to be
self reinforcing and so the reason I'm
talking about these types of principles
rather than my economic and investment
principles which will come out in the
next book is because these are the most
fundamental principles with to the basis
of success and they're not just an
investment it's how the investment firms
principles it's not just a hedge funds
principles it's like my principles how
we're going to deal effectively with
each other
