so we are looking at one of the most
coveted wines in the world this is
Jemaine de la romanée-conti of
romanée-conti
this is the 2009 it is a tiny little
mana pole in Burgundy so it's Pinot Noir
but it is on the list here a single
bottle $16,000 well they're willing to
spend it because of the pedigree of the
wine because of the you know sort of the
history of the wine and the property and
also the fact that it's such a small
production I mean for the world there's
just not enough of it ever and
especially when you get into now you're
talking is this is a 2009 it's not the
current vintage so even if more than
half of this production has already been
consumed so it just windle's individuals
and dwindles until there's you know only
a few left and then the prices just
exponentially go up
