I'm Shelly Culbertson I'm a senior
policy researcher at the RAND
Corporation I study issues in the Middle
East related to refugees stabilization
and public sector development Isis took
over the entire city government when
they came to Mosul so they took over
leadership of all of the ministries they
took over property management utilities
management and so forth the economy
didn't entirely shut down under Isis
actually satellite photos can show truck
transportation in and out of the city
showing a fairly robust trade during
that time but nonetheless there are a
lot of challenges and changes under
under Isis religious mores became a much
stricter social controls and so forth
but many aspects of city life continued
on even though they were continuing in a
much more minimal state there was a lot
of significant damage in particular in
the beginning in empower water schools
hospitals just taking the case of of
Education when Isis came in they
instantly closed all of the schools and
then they reopened them shortly
thereafter but with a new Isis
curriculum and the curriculum that they
introduced was pretty indoctrinating it
was very much intolerant of minorities
atop jihad education at age six it
taught math problems word problems for
elementary school students through
calculating numbers of people you could
kill with a with with explosives that
became very harsh over time a lot of
parents took their children out of out
of school and families fled so over time
about a million kids study this
indoctrinating isis curriculum and that
is going to be one of the biggest
challenges going forward in rebuilding
and repairing Iraq a million kids
studied this and getting them back into
school with healthier much more tolerant
curriculum will be an important step
