and when you look at the US you
mentioned it they're bringing returns
home and part of that is because the
returns on available in the US so when
you look at US markets how do you see
what's going on are there any
opportunities at home so we absolutely
believe that there are significant
opportunities and indeed we believe that
the US economy is in very good shape
we've actually recently up some of our
estimates for GDP growth and we would
say the u.s. is growing probably faster
than its real potential GDP which
ultimately will lead to a bit of an
uptick in inflation but at the moment we
remain pretty optimistic and I would say
the most important part of that optimism
is based on we see a return of business
investment before most it was on the
consumer side and businesses were
leveraging but they were using a lot of
that to buy back shares in the last 18
months that dynamic has changed buybacks
have come well down and we're seeing
real business investment into this
country and so we like that story on the
equity side we like a lot of what that
means for fixed income and higher
yielding fixed income and we remain very
constructive on most aspects of the of
the real estate sector maybe with retail
as an exception
