and it seems like a lot of people are
excited about him being pro-business and
that's something that you talk about too
that he is pro-business but what's the
difference between being pro-business
and pro-market so old business people
are poor market when they enter in a new
line of business once they are in they
want a sort of bias to entry to increase
profits so as an economist I care about
markets being competitive when everybody
enters not just at the beginning and
after and in a lot in other situation
business people care especially the
incumbent a lot a most influential one
like Trump is now they care about
protecting their own turf rather than
creating the situation for everybody to
succeed now the interesting thing is
that to be fair Trump did not run a
pro-business campaign in fact all the
CEO of sp500 were not in his favor
they were they endorsed or donated money
to Hillary Clinton and and it was even
flirting with some populist fringes and
he for example said that would not let
the emerge or AT&T go through and it was
like we're pretty aggressive on that
front that's the side that he dropped
completely once they got elected he
appointed very influential
businesspeople and billionaires in all
the key position but more importantly I
think that he completely abandon his
so-called populist side and became a
very strong pro-business administration
and I think the stock market celebrated
in the short term we see the outcome in
the long term and is the pro-business
better for the economy or is pro-market
is more entrance in more competition
again it depends on what is the you are
objective function if you look at the
profits of companies that are listed in
a part of the S&P 500 today I think that
being pro-business is basically being
Pro them is is great and that's part of
the reason why you have the rally
if you think about growth and innovation
new entry and and welfare people I think
the pro market is the right position
