I'm Gregory Darko chief US economist for
Oxford economics when we look at the tax
proposal that was offered by the
administration last week it proposes tax
cuts for both corporations and
households and on the household side
there is an attempt to appear less
regressive than prior proposals a
regressive tax proposal is one where the
better off individuals the more wealthy
individuals the one that earn more
income generally get the greater tax
breaks and that's generally something
that doesn't get a lot of support from
the different constituents in the
various states the main element that has
garnered headlines is the reduction in
the individual income tax rate that
being said when we look at the actual
proposal and the fact that there is a
desire to move from the current seven
income tax brackets to just three makes
it very complicated to know exactly who
will benefit who will lose from the tax
cuts especially given the fact that
these tax cuts are expected to come
along with a doubling of standard
deductions ie
individuals would be able to write off
more than they previously were able to
so you have to factor in these increased
deductions with potentially changes in
tax rates and one big uncertainty one
big element that we do not know about is
how the income tranches will be layered
in this new tax framework and that's
extremely important when you come to
figuring out who will gain and who will
lose from these tax breaks there's a
potential that some businesses and some
wealthy individuals actually benefit
more than some lower-income individuals
in the current tax proposal there are a
series of changes that are being
proposed if you look at the low end of
the income tranches you might notice
that there might be a risk of higher
taxes for some of the lower income
individuals those are expected to be
offset by larger standard deductions
although the elimination of personal
exemptions might actually offset that
doubling of standard deductions so
there's a risk there that actually lower
end individuals might pay more and
there's a potential that via different
methods individuals at the wealthy end
of the spectrum might actually gain from
these tax cuts and we've seen that for
the top one in top 0.1%
income earners and potentially for
pass-through corporations there might be
the potential for actually gaming of the
system and reducing your overall tax
obligations in this new framework so yes
there is a potential that in the current
environment that's being proposed
individuals at the wealthy end of the
spectrum might benefit more than
individuals at the low end of the Spink
um spectrum
