one of the things that I always say is
I'm a product of two amazing American
things which is both American technology
reaching me where I was growing up and
the enlightened um immigration policy
that allowed me to not only dream the
dream but live the dream after coming
here in the immigration policy of this
country is our competitive advantage we
are able to attract people from all over
the world to come contribute to our
economy and to our companies but we also
are the beacon of hope for those who
need it the most so I think that America
is exceptional in what we have created
here and it's something that we should
preserve before we talk about any change
to our immigration policy we should
recognize that it is already one of the
biggest competitive strengths we have
where else would a story like mine be
possible nowhere else so let's start
there so I'm actually both thankful for
the immigration policy and also
recognize the exceptional you know
policy that we have is it does it have
issues of course daca is a clear example
of it we've been very clear I think that
we should show our humanity people who
are on daca here are great participants
in our economy in fact Microsoft has
many of them they are you know doing a
great job in contributing to our economy
and we should make sure that we treat
that with care
