the exercises you want to choose to
maximize your fat loss are going to be
the ones that you're able to maintain
for a prolonged period of time
that will use the most amount of muscle
groups
I'm Heather Melton I'm a senior exercise
physiologist and why you let go to help
everybody has different preferences in
terms of the types of exercise they do
in the gym for cardiovascular exercise
or weight loss
some people like stairs some people like
the treadmill some people like
elliptical training the idea is that you
basically want to get your heart rate up
to you're at least at a modest intensity
so that means you want to make sure that
your heart rate is increased as well as
your breathing rate I recommend if you
are trying to lose weight to always
accompany cardiovascular exercise with
strength training because you're able to
increase your metabolism to maintain
higher metabolisms outside of the gym if
you do strength training along with
cardiovascular training if we talk about
the most amount of fat burning you get
all in one session while you're at the
gym that's going to be the higher
intensity cardiovascular exercise
however you don't want to do all high
intensity exercise unless you've
properly prepared yourself by doing at
least four weeks of modern times the
exercise before you start doing hired
