is there any regret that you got into a
name-calling situation with the
president
no a name called him what I said
oh here you said call him a bum it's not
a name call as I write you bum me my
friends call each other that all the
time
I'm not his friend oh don't ever don't I
don't want to see that on the note he's
not my friend
hitting it but uh no no that was the
first thing that when I woke up and saw
we said about Steph Curry first of all
so funny because it's like you invited
me to your party right matter of fact
it's not it's not like you invited me as
almost like you know Tom hey I'm not
gonna be able to make it I'm not coming
and then be like and the brown guess
what you're not invited I wasn't coming
anyways so that was funny to me when I
woke up and saw that so my ending my
first initial response was you bum you
I can't first of all you you you don't
understand the magnitude and you don't
understand he doesn't understand the
power that he has for being the leader
of this beautiful country he doesn't
understand how many kids no matter to
race look up to look up to the president
in the United States for for guidance
for leadership for for words of
encouragement he doesn't understand that
and that's what makes me more that's
what makes me more sick than anything
that we have someone as this is the most
this is the number one position in the
world
you guys agree being the president
United States is the most powerful
position in the world I don't know of
another one and if you can find one let
me know it's the most powerful position
in the world and we are at a time where
the most powerful position in the world
has an opportunity to bring us closer
together as a people and inspire the
youth and put the youth at ease on
saying that it is okay for me to walk
down the street and not be judged
because the color of my skin or because
of my race
and he has no recollection today and he
doesn't even care
maybe he maybe he does but he doesn't
care so do I take away do I say do I
just say take away you bum off my no
because if I did out of deleted my tweet
