I salute the NFL the coaches the players
the owners the fans everyone had
anything or any association with NFL
yesterday was unbelievable it was a
solitaire solidarity and there was no
there was no divide
there's no divide even from even from
that guy that continues to try to divide
us as people and like I said on one of
my social media platforms a couple days
ago the thing that kind of frustrated me
and pissed me off a little bit is the
fact that he's now he used sport he used
the sports platform to try to divide us
and sport in sports is so it's so so
amazing what what sports can do for
everyone no matter the shape or size or
race or ethnicity or religion or
whatever people find teams people find
players people find colors because of
sport and they just gravitate towards
that just make them so happy and and it
brings people together like none other
and we're not going to let I'm not going
to let while have this platform to let
one individual no matter to power no
matter the the the impact that that he
should have or she should have ever used
sport as a platform to divide us and
then you go to the other side and when
you don't talk about sports and they try
to divide us from that side as well and
the one thing that I can say and and and
just think about is how can we
personally throw out everything that
that guy is doing no matter if you voted
for more not you may have made a mistake
and that's okay if you voted for me it's
okay I mean I've done things for my kids
and realize I shouldn't gave my daughter
that many damn skittles maybe I
should've done that she won't go to
sleep now
can we sit up here and say that I'm
trying to make a difference and can we
sit up here and say that I could look
myself in the mirror and say that I want
the best for the American people no
matter no matter your skin color no
matter to race no matter how tall or
athletic you are or whatever the case
may be
can we sit up here and say that we are
trying to make a difference because we
notice is the greatest country in the
world it's the land of the free but we
still have problems just like everybody
else
and when we have those problems we have
to figure out a way how we come together
and be as great as we can be as the
people because the people run this
country not one individual and damn sure
not him yeah so as I got this platform
and as I people I have a way to inspire
and have a wait for my word to be to be
bond I will lend my voice I wanted my
passion I will get my money I will lend
my resources to my youth in my inner
city and outside of my inner city so let
these kids know that you know there is
hope there is a there's greater walks of
life and not one individual no matter if
it's the President of the United States
or if it's someone in your household can
stop your drink so become a reality it's
that simple
do you is there any regret that you got
into a name-calling situation with the
president now a name called him what
I'll say Oh hear you say it
call him a bomb it's not a name call as
I write you bum
me my friends call each other that all
the time I'm not his friend though don't
ever don't I don't want to see that on
the note he's not my friend getting it
but uh no no that was the first init
when I woke up and saw we said about
Steph Curry first of all so funny
because it's like you invited me to your
party right but matter of fact is now
it's not like you invited me it's almost
like you know Tom hey I'm not gonna be
able to make it I'm not coming and then
be like LeBron guess what you're not
invited I wasn't coming anyways so that
was funny to me when I woke up and saw
that so my ending my first initial
response was you you bum you
I can't first of all you you you don't
understand the magnitude and you don't
understand he doesn't understand the
power that he has for being the leader
of this beautiful country he doesn't
understand how many kids no matter to
race look up to look up to the president
in the United States for for guidance
for leadership for for words of
encouragement he doesn't understand that
and that's what makes me more that's
what makes me more sick than anything
that we have someone as this is the most
this is the number one position in the
world
you guys agree being the president
United States is the most powerful
position in the world I don't know of
another one if you can find one let me
know it's the most powerful position in
the world and we are at a time where the
most powerful position in the world has
an opportunity to bring us closer
together as a people and inspire the
youth and put the youth at ease on
saying that it is okay for me to walk
down the street and not be judged
because the color of my skin or because
of my race and he has no recollection of
that and he doesn't even care maybe he
maybe he does but he doesn't care so do
I take away do I say do I just say take
away you bum off my no because if I did
deleted my tweet
