yeah you know I think the most common
mistake that people make when talking
about food and talk about cooking is
they think for some reason that you can
read a few recipes and then you're just
a good cook hi I'm Tom Colicchio of
craft at hospitality
if you want to be a good cook you have
to practice and so I suspect if you're
if you're not a good cook you don't
spend a whole lot of time cooking it's
like anything a lot of it's muscle
memory it's about creating good habits
it's about learning good solid technique
and methods so it's much like learning
to play a musical instrument you have to
understand basics you have to understand
theory and then from there you can
improvise you don't need a whole lot of
gadgets need a sharp knife make sure
it's sharp and learn learn how to use a
knife yeah when I was you know young kid
learning to cook I've read somewhere the
knife skills were so important so I
would buy celery because it was the
cheapest thing I could buy and just
practice cutting it work on your knife
skills getting comfortable tonight
fulfilling important not just for speed
but for precision as well so I think I
think that's probably the most important
thing the other mistake that people make
is sometimes they're to adhere too much
to a recipe and they get freaked out if
they don't have an ingredient or you
know a recipe is a guideline it's just
the starting off point you can go from
there I think if you really want to
become a better cook you have to cook
you
