this will be the largest audience to
witness and Emmys period both in person
and around the world photographs of the
inaugural proceedings were intentionally
framed in a way in one particular tweet
to minimize the enormous support that
had gathered on the National Mall this
was the largest audience to ever witness
an inauguration period both in person
and around the globe even the New York
Times printed a frittata graph showing
the that a misrepresentation of the
crowd and the original tweet in their
paper which showed the full extent of
the support depth and crowd and
intensity that existed is there anyone
who could say how big the audience is
Sean do you know
this will be the largest audience to
witness in Emmys period both in person
and around the world wow that really
soothes my fragile ego
