ADHD of course is a situation where you
know people cannot very well concentrate
and they constantly seek for things to
ward off boredom
yeah I'm dr. Mario Livio I'm an
astrophysicist and best-selling author
Leonardo da Vinci famously was very very
bad at actually finishing projects of
course he finished a few and
spectacularly so but many many of the
projects he started he did not finish
you know maybe he was suffering from
ADHD because even people with AD ADHD
are found to be able to concentrate for
some periods of time on something that
really interests them at one time we
know that in his library were a hundred
in six books which covered almost all
topics of knowledge at his time so this
is a person that was not only interested
in everything but actually tried to do
something in almost every field now in
some sense you could regard it as an
extreme case of what has been termed
diversity which is you know when you try
to learn many things or look at many
things at the same time but at the same
time he did not finish many many
projects it almost looks as if he only
worked on something for as long as he
was curious about it but not any longer
so in that sense I do not know you know
we cannot tell today if he had ADHD or
not but clearly there was an element
there which looked as if okay he worked
on something he was interested in it but
then he wasn't particularly interested
in necessarily finishing it and he would
move to something else
which is a little bit reminiscent of
some sort of an ADHD
you
