hi I'm Brandon Webb former Navy SEAL CEO
of the hurricane group and author of
total focus how to make better decisions
under pressure I see the biggest problem
people in career or where they're
starting a business as a young
entrepreneur they get distracted and
they're taking on all these different
opportunities and nothing ends up
working out so focus on one opportunity
at a time see it to completion have that
focus stay focused on your opportunities
and see it to success or failure and
then pick something else excellence
matters and what I mean by that is you
have to raise the bar in your personal
life and your professional life who you
hang out with matters you hang out with
with jerks you're gonna become a jerk
you hang out with great people you're
gonna become a greater person and so
excellence matters and developing a
habit of giving you 110 percent not you
know in the first couple days of a 30
day project is taking a hundred hundred
and fifty percent past the 30 day mark
and if you make a habit of that you're
going to be successful in anything you
do I see so many people start out strong
and they finish weak if you operate like
that on my team and start off strong and
finish poorly it's a huge ding against
you and so that's what I mean by
developing a habit of excellence and
giving 110% all the way through the
process and in whatever you do in life
and if you adopt that as a habit and
make excellence a habit you're gonna
have success in life no matter what what
you choose to do
you
