what happens to the brain when you get a
concussion a concussion is a type of
mild traumatic brain injury it's usually
caused by a hard blow to the head while
the blow causes immediate pain on the
outside what happens within is where the
real damage can occur thankfully your
brain does not absorb the brunt of the
impact
instead it's the protective liquid
barrier between your brain and skull as
a result the liquid sloshes back and
forth carrying your brain with it
this can bruise the brain tissue at the
sites of impact but something more
sinister is happening deep in the tissue
the brains motion is stretching and
ripping your axons apart if this sounds
bad you're right axons are delicate
fibers that carry electrical signals
throughout your brain without these
signals you lose control of your body
when axons break apart they die and
release harmful toxins these toxins will
damage healthy nerves in your brain you
may experience this nerve damage as one
or more of the following headache
dizziness fatigue blurry vision
unconsciousness plus the damaged caused
by your first concussion actually raises
your risk of a second one within the
following year
each year over 1 million Americans
suffer from a concussion or similar mild
brain trauma
most people will recover after a few
weeks
you
