today on the bottom line is Bitcoin the
next bubble how tech companies have
changed since the dot-com days an
analyst Scott Kessler says tech
valuations are justified hello welcome
to the bottom line
presented by fidelity investments I'm
Sarah silverstein and I am at the
wonderful Nasdaq market site overlooking
Times Square this week's bottom line is
Bitcoin China initiated a ban on initial
coin offerings which caused
cryptocurrency is to stumble this week
the actual banned language from China
actually makes it seem like it might be
illegal for any crypto currency
exchanges or any transactions of
cryptocurrencies most people don't think
that it will be applied that way and
enforced that way but the language is
there that could allow that and that is
something definitely to watch also this
week Nobel Prize winner Robert Shiller
did an interview with courts and they
asked him what's the best sign of
irrational exuberance what is the most
obvious sign of a bubble and he said it
has to be Bitcoin and lots of people
agree with Shiller they say there are
signs everywhere that bitcoin is a
bubble like this story about a lingerie
tycoon who's selling luxury apartments
in Dubai that can be purchased via
Bitcoin and is targeted at Bitcoin
millionaires but these apartments have
not yet been bought by any Bitcoin
millionaires and don't actually have any
connection to the Bitcoin community so
you can't exactly point to it and call
it a sign of the Bitcoin bubble right
now it's just the first real estate
development that we know of that accepts
Bitcoin for payment which could actually
be seen as a sign of the strength and
potential staying power of Bitcoin when
my daughter's preschool started
accepting Bitcoin this year the head of
the school said they were doing it
because people were asking to pay in
Bitcoin transactions matter you
literally can't become a real currency
unless people will accept you in return
for goods and services and that's the
bottom line
I'm here with Scott Kessler director of
equity research at CFRA Scott leads his
team's tech coverage so I definitely
want to talk to you about technology
what do you think about where tech
valuations are right now right well
thanks a lot for having me Sarah a lot
has been made about tech valuations
really over the last I would argue not
just couple of years but five years
really since the beginning of this bull
market I think it's fair to say that on
a lot of metrics that we look at tech is
probably fairly or reasonably valued if
you look at PE or PE to growth we're
really right in line with the market
people will look at say the indicated
dividend yield and understandably it's a
little bit lower than the S&P 500 but
overall we don't see the excess
evaluations that people are talking
about and in fact we do see a lot of
names as still attractively valued
despite the fact that they've risen
pretty substantially and which socks do
you see that still have a lot of upside
even at this level yeah so a lot of
stocks that frankly people I think are
interested in you know so the fang names
for example so we historically as a
business have been very much focused on
growth at a reasonable price so you
wouldn't necessarily think of the fang
stocks in that category
but we frankly have been recommending
those names for a pretty long while we
have by opinions on all four of those
names and for a variety of reasons I
personally cover Facebook and alphabet
and I think people would be surprised to
know that the valuations are actually we
think pretty compelling in addition to
what we see as growth that is
sustainable very healthy and frankly
somewhat unique in the marketplace today
and which is your favorite tech stock
that that you think has the most upside
right so in terms of my personal
coverage this is kind of a curve ball
that I'm gonna throw you
it's Akamai Technologies it's the only
strong buy recommendation that I
personally have right now and that's
after changes where strong buy
recommendations had done
well and we've basically just taken
profits to some extent or become less
positive on those names
Akamai is a name that's actually one of
the 10 worst performers in the
technology sector and the S&P 500
year-to-date and people automatically
assume oh wow if it has been performing
poorly then it will continue to perform
poorly we don't think about it like that
we see a lot of value after the sell-off
it's a great play on mobile video OTT a
lot of the mega trends that we think are
going to be dominant for years to come
and the sell-off we really we think has
created a buying opportunity an apple
recently hit a new high after the
announcement of the iPhone 8 event what
does Apple need you for that to to keep
the momentum up after the event and
after the launch of the phone yeah I
mean it's gonna be hard right and we've
had a strong buy opinion on Apple for
some time I remember a little bit more
than a year ago this was a stock that
was in the low 90s and now we're I think
over a hundred and sixty dollars a share
so it's been kind of tough to some
extent a year ago thinking about where
the price was but again we've seen the
appreciation in the shares in part
because Apple seems to be delivering in
terms of how they're gaining market
share the new iPhone that is expected to
be introduced I think really within a
week or so and I think people are very
excited about that frankly sometimes we
do see a sell on the news kind of impact
and that's something that folks need to
be aware of especially given the fact
that the stock is at all-time highs
right now however I think it's pretty
clear that a major growth driver beyond
just the new iPhone is gonna be the
services business which I think
contributed more than a fifth of the
company's revenue in the recent quarter
and that's something that we think has
legs in terms of a growth story for the
company for years to come so it's gonna
be really interesting to see what the
new iPhone consists of and a lot of news
has been made about augmented reality
and about wireless charging and things
like that and I think a lot of that is
already priced into the stock
it's amazing you know if you go back
five years there really was very little
in terms of certainty about what Apple
would announce at these events now I
think there's really not a lot of
mystery and so I think that's gonna
contribute to maybe a sell on the news
and maybe an additional buying
opportunity and what about snap snap has
been struggling since its IPO and it
seems like Facebook is out to get it so
how what can it do how can it survive
yeah it's funny right because it doesn't
seem like Facebook is directly
announcing or even acknowledging that
they're out to get snapped but it's
pretty clear that over the past year
we've seen you know announcement after
announcement we've seen innovation after
innovation we've seen feature after
feature all directed at snap from a
variety of Facebook's different
properties most obviously Instagram
what's noteworthy is that snap when it
came public at the beginning of March I
mean it was close to $30 a share I think
the day after it came public on March
2nd and now after the stock has gone
from I don't know is 1112 dollars a
share after they reported recent results
now it's around $15 a share so people
that have bought following those results
probably feel pretty good but everyone
else is probably thinking what is gonna
happen next and so the way we think
about snap we have a hold opinion on the
stock we initiated coverage I think in
early March with a sell our view right
now is that there are a lot of things
the company is doing right but they need
to do a better job of innovating more
quickly meeting the challenge that
Facebook has put out there and really
doing a better job of building out its
median advertising business there is
potential but the company is losing a
lot of money and estimates have been
coming down we have a hold opinion on
the stock okay and everybody else even
you mentioned the fang stocks but you
say those aren't the for to look at you
say it's Gaffa yeah it's not it doesn't
roll off no necessarily but we think
about it in the context of Gaffa as you
mentioned which is actually I think
relatively commonly used in Europe and
not necessarily in the most positive way
they
about the notion of Google and Amazon
and Facebook and Apple being dominant
technology platform companies focused on
the Internet and so we took a look at
those companies and we think that Apple
Inn and Netflix out which is essentially
the difference here makes a lot of sense
as you referenced Apple is trading at an
all-time high
it's the largest company on the planet
it has a number of different initiatives
as well as what we know about in terms
of hardware and software and so dominant
in mobile in other areas Netflix is much
much smaller
it really has one offering it's only
really recently becoming more
international and it's not as
diversified so we think looking at Apple
instead of Netflix makes a lot of sense
and Gaffa really consists of not just
four of the five largest technology
companies in the world before are the
five largest companies in the world save
Microsoft which we think probably is a
lag or when it comes to this particular
area and last question is there
something you think that everybody else
is getting wrong about tech stocks right
now well I guess there are a couple
things but the most obvious one that
comes to mind especially given that this
week is kind of an important one for the
video game software companies with new
game introductions I think destiny for
example from Activision is coming out
the new madden game from Electronic Arts
as well I think people have been
focusing on those names Activision and
Electronic Arts I think they were the
best and ninth best technology stock
performers in the S&P 500 year to date
but we see excess valuations we see
growth slowing down we see risk from a
cost perspective and those companies are
very reliant on a few titles so those
stocks have done very well but we
actually have a strong sell and
Activision and a sell and Electronic
Arts in part because we think all the
good news and more are in those names
thank you so much you're very welcome
we keep looking at tech valuations now
versus where they were during the
dot-com days and this week's fidelity
insight from Denise Chisholm looks at
the difference between the company is
now and then she says before they were
smaller emerging highly volatile stocks
of the late 1990s and early 2000s and
today tech leaders are large companies
with strong free cash flow and operating
margins in fact the operating margins of
tech stocks today are at a much higher
level than they were pre bursts and
operating margins are increasing Chism
also points out that if you look at tech
stocks relative to the broader market
when operating margins are rising they
outperform by five and a half percent
and in times when operating margins are
shrinking tech companies underperformed
the broader market by two and a half
percent and that's today's fidelity
insight
that's it for this week thanks to Scott
Kessler for joining us thank you to
Cedella T investments for making the
show possible and of course they get
Nasdaq for hosting up
