I'll get pictures from all over the US
and they're like why is my water coming
out brown or yellow or orange my name is
Erin Brockovich and I think I'm best
known for my work in the environment as
an environmental activist and fighting
for clean water part of that is because
we've been adding ammonia to our systems
which makes the water more caustic I
think that we've taken it for granted
that when you turn on your water it's
just there I mean and it's a huge
process water is complicated and we have
to run it from one point to your tap
through miles and miles of distribution
systems think we have some 18 million
miles of lead pipe so when you have
caustic water running through it it
causes the pipes to corrode and so all
the lead and the iron and manganese and
those pipes bleaches out in the
distribution system and ends up being
delivered to your tap so those are
usually why we see this sudden onset of
discoloration of water because they've
been adding chloramines to the system
and now we have a pretty good idea that
the people are being exposed to
certainly lead hexavalent chromium by
the way you know has color in water
hexavalent chromium can be very harmful
so it kills people who if you remember
Flint when they were releasing the fire
hydrants the color of the water that is
iron lead and mag anis leaching out of
the distribution system that's been
delivered to your house that's causing
the colored water that would be the main
reason we believe we're seeing that
across the board right now
and it doesn't mean that it's safe to
drink
