I asked some of our colleagues about
what do you think about Graham style do
you mind if I just read a couple just
off the list fantastic
preppy retired golfer assistant
principal used to be a gym teacher and a
Vineyard Vines mannequin that came to
life those are all compliments to me
I've got my colleagues here Dennis Green
who has covered fashion and style and so
many other things for Business Insider
we needed his expertise and Alex
Apollonia video producer I'm not really
sure what your expertise is you know I
do a little bit of everything okay we're
gonna try a couple of style services who
send you sort of curated looks you kind
of go through and pick different types
of clothing that you would or would not
wear then you pick sizes and styles so
we're gonna start with five for club
let's see what we have here t-shirt with
like around that contrast collar and a
pair of dark denim jeans so I'm already
wearing jeans so what's the difference
here so these are dark doctor jeans you
could dress up a little more a darker
pair of denim can you be worn any more
places you can wear them out to dinner
we can also wear them to work tell me
what else it's a it's a woven shirt or
these pants or shorts these are sure oh
these are shorter khaki shorts okay okay
time to wear khaki shorts that looking
on the door so let's start with a couple
of looks blue five four clubs so my
initial reaction is that you look a lot
like a cartoon character the colors of
this outfit are good the fit I like the
colors I think the fit is really off are
usually large I'm usually a large I
think you're definitely a medium because
I've always been a large maybe that's my
problem like a lot of a lot of men find
that they're wearing the wrong size so
now this is stitch fix this is another
style service sorry this looks like
shoes and you feel like this is an
upgrade over the boat shoes that I have
yes I think anything is I'm afraid over
those oh this is a nice pattern yes I'm
like okay it's sweater sweater okay
slacks I guess we're calling chinos
I feel like one of the band members of
Vampire Weekend not necessarily a bad
thing you do kind of look like a Park
Slope dad I think the fit is a little
better it's classic and clean looking
listen any outfit that you wear when you
have a bunch of tattoos and you're going
to meet the parents
uh-oh I do have bugs life here we tried
three looks my main takeaway here is
that the problem is with my fit I think
it's time to really downsize to medium
so we found that the problem was you all
along
I don't want to say like just go back to
your old ways and your old look because
I still want you to take a risk and
switch it up a bit we just have to find
the right fit for him we should all go
shopping together sometime right look at
the time
