think positively man we're gonna get
there we're gonna make it just the
question is will that be on the back of
a tow truck
you just said stay positive man damn it
I'm will wet and I'm Graham Flanagan and
we drove this Tesla Model X across the
United States our goal to get from San
Francisco to New York City in just seven
days which meant a lot of driving and a
lot of charging we relied exclusively on
Tesla's nationwide network of
supercharger stations
this is what happened when we drove a
Tesla across America
we're gonna get some message cream with
2% battery that's right now that's the
closest you get 2% battery left its
Martin to do a line right now
hey Facebook we are in a Tesla Model X
leaving Cleveland Ohio and we're in a
bit of a situation right now Graham if
you want to show the screen right here
it says we are going to end up with 1%
battery and in our Tesla by the time we
get to the next supercharger station
we're on what - I - somebody once South
and I'm going slow as hell on the right
lane below 50 miles per hour and letting
just having all these cars passes by and
we're not keeping up with traffic so
like to me that's a little that's a
little unsafe we got a notification
that's sad
we got a drive below 55 miles per hour
in order for us to hit power destination
without losing battery ok so that is
extremely extremely nerve-racking so I
think one thing we'll try to do is I
think we're just gonna like shut off
like the climate controls to conserve a
little bit of battery we're not charging
our phones it says that it's a we have
five point nine miles to get there but
yet
have nine miles left on the battery as
you can see there yeah so we are cutting
it really close this car is supposed to
run out of battery and nine miles we're
also an energy saver mode energy saving
is on it has been the whole time
starting to sweat actually sorry what's
that are you getting a little nervous
here oh yeah I'm good Oh sweating
because of the lack of a/c and sweating
because yes I'm nervous we've got five
miles left on the batteries look at that
red on the battery that is not what you
want to see okay
that is scary if anybody that's watching
has been this situation before and has
some real productive tips or advice we
would love to know what you have to say
about it we can see the checkered flag
oh we have a checkered flag good close
guys close this little guy right here
that's our supercharger station this is
us we are closed but we are not there
yet and here we go hitting this exit
which should be our exit how many people
are going to a Hobby Lobby see wills
freaking out guys you're freaking it
wills anxiety level is increasing
because we are we are supposedly where
the charging station is we can't find it
there's no sign that says Tesla charging
stations right this way found it there
it is
we did it man yes
I think that the lesson from this is you
know if you pull in to your destination
overnight you need to be really careful
that you're not going to be cutting it
too close the next day
when you're trying to get to the
supercharger and I think that in
retrospect we definitely cut it too
close so the fact is we made it
regardless navigate to New York City
who said the last time we're going to
supercharges thing
to quote our our good friend Drake what
a time and a right to be a latke honey
like this is a sexy car this is a
comfortable car this is just a high-tech
swag ass car and I don't know if I could
say swag ass on camera but I'm gonna say
swag ass how about this part swaggin
it's a sexy car
we are a block away from having to
return this car can't believe it
it's weird right I think this cars
ruined me for other cars this is the car
of the future it's the car I want in the
future for sure and I'm just glad we got
to have a little taste of it here's the
Tesla we're here spot I think it's time
to go home we're gonna leave this car
right here with the its other Tesla
friends I guess yep
we brought it home right it's time to
say goodbye unfortunately it is but it's
good to be home
close your window why I wanna get a
fresh air man
rollin - fine I'll turn I can't I can't
roll my window down I can't like roll
the window down boys at least turn off
the I just throw music what else you
want me though the AC you idiot
