navigate to Warren Buffett's house I'm
will wet and I'm Graham Flanagan this is
what happened when we drove a Tesla
across America this is the start of day
five or in Omaha and I really want to do
something that I haven't used before yet
with this car
and it's called the front safe you can
see it here since there's no engine
there's more space at the at the front
of the car to just put your stuff in
maybe to have anything fragile in there
it takes a lot longer to charge it up
while in Georgia navigate to Warren
Buffett's house that's kind of
impressive so it it shows go out
Steakhouse which if you go online and
Google Warren Buffett's favorite
Steakhouse go Arad Steakhouse shows up
it doesn't give us his personal address
though which is smart that's good but we
got the address using the Google and
we're gonna try and stop by Fran has
decided that he wants to stalk Warren
Buffett and learn how to be a bitter
navigate to Warren Buffett's favorite
steakhouse
not to run
I am so full right now I can't wait to
take a little catnap in the Tesla great
wonderful alright well we're about to
get back in the car and drive for
Chicago let's do it
navigate to Chicago
it wants us who charge this car for
about 25 minutes before we can make it
to West Des Moines Iowa let's stretch
this thing up and be on our way the
navigation system live it wants us to
charge for 40 minutes before we continue
on our trip so we're going to make a
little little journey out of this and
block to that Starbucks across the
street so around here there is a
t.j.maxx vitamin shop a Petsmart First
National Bank a mattress store there's a
target in the distance Panda Express
long or Steakhouse icky Joba Orange Leaf
frozen yogurt
what Orange Leaf that poorly frozen
yogurt chain okay
what look it up read up on it it's
called orange leaf
they're all over the country legends are
high today tensions are high
there will be significantly less battery
available for your battery if it gets
colder
nice alright here we go last leg of the
trip or at least it should be alright
we're in Chicago the Windy City this is
my first time in Chicago this late it's
like 11:30 it's been a long drive just
like every day if you didn't notice in
this video already I've been driving the
whole time 95 is over get it closer just
two more days
with this guy mistaking your little
sweet power naps by summon you this is
the first time we've had to charge in
the rain kind of wish I was real
