such our work today I'm going to be
attempting the technical challenge from
this week's Great British Bake Off which
is some mini chocolate Swiss rolls to be
honest I don't really know what I'm
doing I quite like cooking but they
really do that much baking so I guess
we'll just see how this goes which
probably won't be brilliantly some cocoa
powder I don't have a weighing scale or
anything so I'm just kind of playing it
by ear a little bit of vanilla extract
I'm gonna measure out about 60
milliliters of hot water and I'm also
going to add two tablespoons of butter
four ounces of sugar I'm going to
extremely professionally separate some
eggs like so anything don't mind a bit
of eggshell in I'm now gonna whip this
till they're light and fluffy
in the looks of it this recipe is just
whipped everything until your arm falls
off or you admit you should've fought an
electric whisk
because I can't be bothered to do any
more I'm now going to combine the hot
water butter cocoa powder and vanilla
into this I'm now going to whip some
more egg whites because I hadn't done
quite enough with him I'm gonna whip
these egg whites until soft peaks form
I'm literally sweating so I'm gonna fold
this into the chocolate mixture for that
is ready go in the oven now right while
our cakes in the oven we're gonna make
filling add about 240 milliliters of
whipping cream I'm gonna need about 120
grams of mascarpone now I'm gonna whisk
this right now gonna may please so I'm
gonna put some water in this pan in and
then full stick about 200 grams dark
chocolate I need to add about 180 grams
of butter which I think probably this
and then we're just gonna leave this on
top of the pan until it all melts base
is now ready all that's left is to spoon
this mixture over the top
I think you could say I'm in a bit of a
Swiss roll there we go
so all that's left is chocolate sauce
those are pretty undeniably some Swiss
rolls
and attempt to try and eat one of these
the cream in the middle kind of just
tastes a bit like cream but the sponge I
think is come out quite well it's quite
moist it's not crumbled at all chocolate
sauce is very rich I don't know what
Paul would think that he's not here so
who cares
