mr. and mrs. Legrand Benedict used to
come all the time they were regular
customers they got bored with the menu
that the demonical brothers had
presented so they had asked them could
you make us something different make it
something that's not on the menu and the
demonical brothers came up with eggs
benedict a double boiler is nothing
fancy double boiler is the pot of water
is boiling on the stove and put another
pot over the top of it and we're going
to use that to cook the eggs we have
four egg yolks that are going to go in a
little bit of fresh lemon juice a little
bit of whiskershire sauce a little bit
of Tabasco this is the fun part
to prevent it from scrambling you can
move it on and off the heat to cool it
down a little bit the hardest thing
about making the sauce is once you start
whisking it you can't stop until
something we set it down we lower our
flame and now we're going to add our
butter to it so if we were to add it all
at one time we would kind of make a big
mess and it wouldn't a multiply just
going to season it with a little salt a
little pepper in demonical as we use
toasted brioche we use a brutal cocktail
which is an Italian cooked ham poached
eggs here's the hollandaise we just made
a little bit of hollandaise sauce right
over the eggs American caviar and then
finally just some microgreens for some
color
