quantitative investing is an
implementation methodology more than a
strategy itself and so I would consider
the two different implementation
methodologies discretionary investing or
quantitative investing and within
quantitative investing there's multiple
different strategies that people can
actually deploy one of them being risk
parity one of them being CTA and another
being statistical arbitrage but when we
talk about quantitative investing we're
using systematic processes to ultimately
take the decision-making or emotion out
of the process and so rather than
relying on human decision-making or
human emotions to dictate the process
we're allowing the science to actually
make decisions for us and so oftentimes
we hear about people who are running
discretionary strategies who make not
necessarily always the best decisions
because they've allowed their emotion to
get to them and so by deploying
quantitative strategies we've taken that
element out of the equation
