what about the alt left they came
charging at the as you say the alt right
do they have any semblance of guilt and
let me ask you this what about the fact
that came charging that they came
charging with clubs in the hand swinging
clubs do they have any problem I think
they do you had a group on one side that
was bad and you had a group on the other
side that was also very violent and
nobody wants to say that but I'll say it
right now you had a group you had a
group on the other side that came
charging in without a permit and they
were very very violent I've condemned
neo-nazis I've condemned many different
groups but not all of those people were
neo-nazis believe me not all of those
people want white supremacist by any
stretch notice people were also there
because they wanted to protest the
taking down of a statue robert e lee
this week it's robert e lee i noticed
that stonewall jackson's coming down i
wonder is it George Washington next week
and is it Thomas Jefferson the week
after you know you really do have to ask
yourself where does it stop George
Washington was a slave owner was George
Washington the slave owner so will
George Washington now lose his status
are we going to take down excuse me are
we going to take down are we going to
take down statues - George what how
about Thomas Jefferson what do you think
of Thomas Jefferson you like him okay
good
are we going to take down the statue
because he was a major slave owner now
we're going to take down his statue so
you know what it's fine you're changing
history you're changing culture and you
had people and I'm not talking about the
neo-nazis and the white nationalist
because they should be condemned
totally but you had many people in that
group other than neo-nazis and white
nationalists okay and the press has
treated them absolutely unfairly now in
the other group also you had some fine
people but you also had troublemakers
and you see them come with with the
black outfits and with the helmets and
with the baseball bats you've got a you
had a lot of bad you had a lot of bad
people in the other groups what I'm
saying is this you had a group on one
side and you had a group
than the other and they came at each
other with clubs and it was vicious and
it was horrible and it was a horrible
thing to watch but there is another side
there was a group on this side you can
call him the lefty you've just called
him the left that came violently
attacking the other group so you can say
what you want but that's the way it is
I think there's blame on both sides and
I have no doubt about it you had some
very bad people in that group but you
also had people that were very fine
people on both sides they had some rough
bad people neo-nazis white nationalists
whatever you want to call them but you
had a lot of people in that group that
were there to innocently protest and
very legally protest because you know I
don't know if you know they had a permit
the other group didn't have a permanent
there are two sides to a story
