Fritos roll mental it's the only time in
a basketball game that everything stops
and everyone is looking at you hey I'm
JJ reddick I'm an NBA player I played
for the Philadelphia 76ers I feel like
I've been playing in hostile
environments as I was like 14 years old
so being at the free-throw line
honestly I'm almost in my own head more
than any sort of external environmental
factors like I'm able to block out crowd
noise as soon as the game starts I have
actually over the years shortened my
free throw routine so that I stopped
thinking so much now it's just one
dribble spin shoot I don't think I
should shoot underhand unless they've
like been doing it their whole life
something about muscle memory and so
like you're taught from an early age to
shoot a certain way you know
mechanically speaking I hate to say this
right I think some players just aren't
going to be good free throw shooters
whether their hands are too big or you
know they can't grip ball a certain way
or their elbow is stuck because they
broke it as a kid like I've seen
everything and like certain guys no
matter how much they practice and how
much they hire a psychologist or
whatever they're just not going to be
good free throw shooters it's just
something about it I don't really
practice free throws all that often to
be honest with you so kind of when I'm
going through a workout I'll do drills
and then when I'm tired I'll take a
little break and shoot like two to five
free throws so in a given day I probably
only shoot like thirty three throws a
day but I guess it works because I'm
like eighty-nine percent of my career
