thank you I'm in Washington today to
meet with my economic team about trade
policy and major tax cuts and reform we
are renegotiating trade deals and making
them good for the American worker and
it's about time our economy is now
strong the stock market continues to hit
record highs unemployment is at a 16
year low and businesses are more
optimistic than ever before companies
are moving back to the United States and
bringing many thousands of jobs with
them we have already created over 1
million jobs since I took office we will
be discussing economic issues in greater
detail later this afternoon but based on
the events that took place over the
weekend in Charlottesville Virginia
I would like to provide the nation with
an update on the ongoing federal
response to the horrific attack and
violence that was witnessed by everyone
I just met with FBI director Christopher
ray and Attorney General Jeff Sessions
the Department of Justice has opened a
civil rights investigation into the
deadly car attack that killed one
innocent American and wounded 20 others
to anyone who acted criminally in this
weekend's racist violence you will be
held fully accountable justice will be
delivered as I said on Saturday we
condemn in the strongest possible terms
this egregious display of hatred bigotry
and violence it has no place in America
and as I have said many times before no
matter the color of our skin we all live
under the same laws we all salute
the same great flag and we are all made
by the same Almighty God we must love
each other show affection for each other
and unite together in condemnation of
hatred bigotry and violence we must
rediscover the bonds of love and loyalty
that bring us together as Americans
racism is evil and those who cause
violence in its name are criminals and
thugs including the KKK neo-nazis white
supremacist and other hate groups that
are repugnant to everything we hold dear
as Americans we are a nation founded on
the truth that all of us are created
equal we are equal in the eyes of our
Creator we are equal under the law and
we are equal under our Constitution
those who spread violence in the name of
bigotry strike at the very core of
America two days ago a young American
woman Heather Hare was tragically killed
her death fills us with grief and we
send her family our thoughts our prayers
and our love we also mourn the two
Virginia State Troopers who died in
service to their community their
Commonwealth and their country troopers
J Colin and Burke Bates exemplify the
very best of America and our hearts go
out to their families their friends and
every member of American law enforcement
these three fallen Americans embody the
goodness and decency of our nation in
times such as these America has always
shown its true character responding to
hate with love division with unity and
violence with an unwavering resolve for
justice as a candidate I promise to
restore law and order to our country and
our federal law enforcement agencies are
following through on that pledge we will
spare no resource in fighting so that
every American child can grow up free
from violence and fear we will defend
and protect the sacred rights of all
Americans and we will work together so
that every citizen in this blessed land
is free to follow their dreams in their
hearts and to express the love and joy
in their souls thank you god bless you
and God bless america
thank you very much
