we recently came across this incredible
real fact on a Snapple bottle cap
Franklin Roosevelt was related to five
US presidents by blood and sixth by
marriage it seemed too good to be true
there have only ever been 45 president
could Franklin Delano Roosevelt really
be related to almost 25 percent of them
we reached out to the FDR library to
find out more here's what we learned on
the Roosevelt side he was related to
just two Theodore Roosevelt his fist
cousin and Martin Van Buren's on the
Delano side he was related to nine more
John Adams James Madison John Quincy
Adams William Henry Harrison Zachary
Taylor Andrew Johnson ulysses s grant
Benjamin Harrison and William Howard
Taft but he's also related to George
Washington by marriage so that's really
12 and all more than 25 percent of all
US presidents
Snapple was pretty close FDR was also
related to these famous historical
figures Winston Churchill his eighth
cousin once-removed Jefferson Davis and
robert e lee what a legacy
you
