everybody knows about the Koch brothers
and their effect on Republican politics
the Mercer's are a different strain I
think of them it's being kind of the alt
cokes hi I'm Joshua green I'm the author
of the new book devil's bargain
Steve Bannon Donald Trump and the
storming of the presidency they have
very strange and sometimes bizarre
conservative beliefs initially they were
coke donors but they became frustrated
with the fact that Republicans didn't
win anything in 2012 and so they went
off on their own and they are very
important to Trump into Trump's rise I
contend because not only did they
support Trump directly with millions of
dollars not only did they start these
pro Trump anti Hillary Clinton super
PACs but the Mercer's are the ones that
funded an interlocking series of groups
that Steve ban and ran are influenced
they include Breitbart news they include
Cambridge analytic of the data firm to
include a movie production company and
they include the Government
Accountability Institute which is a
nonprofit research organization down in
Tallahassee Florida that produce the
Clinton cash book that came out on the
eve of the election detailing all these
supposedly nefarious connections between
the Clinton Foundation and foreign
donors that really tarnished Clinton's
image right out of the gate and hurt her
in a way that I think she never really
recovered from if you trace all of this
back to its tap root it is the Mercer's
and their money that enabled this to
happen
