you know if there's nothing wrong with
taking a job to take it when you're
straight out of school I mean you know
unfortunately we were all told when we
were growing up find a job we weren't
told find a job you love I would like it
that we're a little more discerning from
the beginning but it's okay because
we're gaining is experience I think one
of the challenges that millenials face
is impatience which is after being at a
job for a few months if it's not their
dream job they bump and find a new one
but the problem is you won't know that
in a few months especially when you're
entry-level so if you're going to just
take a job at least use it as an
education if it's not the job you love
then learn learn from the bad leadership
that you're experiencing learn from the
things that you like and don't like not
to mention the fact that finding a great
job is not like a scavenger hunt
you don't look under a rock you like I
banned it here's a job I love you know a
great career of fulfilling a feeling
fulfilling career is like a great
relationship you don't find love either
you don't look under a rock you're like
oh I found the person I can love that's
not how it works
you find somebody who really loves you
for you and you work hard every single
day to stay in love it's not something
you take for granted after you fall in
love you still have to keep working at
it it's like going to the gym you have
to work really hard to get into shape
but once you're in shape you actually
have to keep going to the gym you can't
stop if something is to keep doing so
it's the same thing you want a great
relationship you have to work hard to
form the great relationship and then you
have to continue to work at it when
you're in it
careers are the same you have to work
hard to find that you like oh my god I
really love it here but then the work
continues to stay in love it's not
something you find it's not some miracle
thing and if we think it's that way then
you keep you're going to keep going from
job to job to job to job and
unfortunately you'll never find what
you're looking for
