recently we had the opportunity to drive
Bugattis new Shira
hyper car it is three million dollars
and everything about this car is just
massive numbers and what do I mean by
that I'm talking about ten radiators to
simply cool the car 16 cylinders four
turbochargers a top speed of 261 miles
per hour we're talking about the ability
to drain its whole fuel tank at top
speed in just nine minutes and that's a
26 gallon tank its massive the first
thing you notice when you see the Gladys
you're on are these eight striking LED
headlights with four on each side
they're straddling a Bugatti horseshoe
grille stepping to the side of the car
and the first thing you'll really notice
is this very pronounced curve it looks
almost like a big seat now that curve is
designed to look like the embellished
signature of Victoria Bugatti the man
who founded the Bugatti car company and
it also is a throwback and homage if you
will to Bugattis classic type 57
Atlantique which is generally considered
one of those beautiful cars ever made
the back of the bugatti chiron is
dominated by one major major feature and
that is what looks to be a massive strip
of LED light it is actually 84 separate
lights that are designed to look like
one single unit believe it or not this
is bugatti chiron designer Aki and
Shaq's favorite feature on the car and I
tend to agree with them it's striking
its unique no one else has anything that
look like this another feature you
simply can't miss on the bugatti chiron
is it's exposed engine it is big it is
loud and it generates so much heat that
they simply couldn't put a hood on it
stepping inside the bugatti chiron and
you'll notice something very interesting
there's no infotainment screen it's one
of the few cars on sale today's to not
have an infotainment screen at all
whatever features you need to control
are all controls in the instrument
cluster in front of the driver the
reason for that is regarding one of this
cars to be tiny they want people to be
able to come back to this car 20 30 40
years from now and have it look as
modern and a sheet as it does today and
unfortunately we simply don't know is
that big screen will be in fashion
decades from now so they decided not to
do it so what is the bugatti chiron like
to drive well it's simply like no other
car in the world the bugatti chiron is
unique in the sense that it isn't a pure
hyper car unlike its rivals from Ferrari
and Porsche and McLaren those are race
cars for the road the Chiron isn't at
250 miles per hour the Bugatti Chiron is
designed to be as easy to drive as a
Volkswagen on a highway as a result it's
friendly its approachable it is
incredibly easy to drive and it's
comfortable but don't get me wrong this
car is not boring when you fire it up
the engine rumbles it's loud it
generates an incredible amount of heat
when you rev it it just shakes the room
it is simply the best car I have ever
driven it's also the most expensive car
and for that money it absolutely
delivers as crazy as it sounds at three
and a half million dollars it's
absolutely worth it because there's
nothing else in this world that can do
what the bugatti chiron can do
