think of this as more of a luxury home
versus a an aircraft because this really
is a person's office in the sky and even
their home in the sky certainly the
space is designed to be very visually
appealing so you notice that the
hand-selected wood veneers that we have
the leathers the fabrics the carpets
have all been hand-picked in many cases
a custom-made for for this particular
customer we have a lot of flexibility
about 50 airplanes to the very specific
needs of some of the most demanding
clients and business aviation
the Gulfstream cemetery flight deck
features 10 active touch screens the
touch screens reduce cockpit clutter by
70%
the screens act as both control input
instruments as well as displays so
pilots can immediately see the results
of their input on the display that
they're actually using to affect the
change to the aircraft status
you
