take me back to getting the first idle
gig and that was really your
breakthrough moment it seems like take
how did you audition for it walk me
through that process of landing that in
the first place there was already a host
for the show an audition to be the
co-host and I remember they were looking
for people around the country they were
doing auditions for the hosts and as I
went into one meeting they actually
started the meeting by talking to me
about being a judge for the show and I
said let me audition could be a host and
I auditioned I got the job and then I
got asked back so and it happened very
fast I remember I auditioned on a Friday
and I think I started working on a
Saturday nothing nothing ever happens as
planned well I mean Simon he created the
show and he created a show with a
certain vision and I think my job has
always been and and is to be someone
that that moves something along but also
the key to being a part of it being a
successful part of it is also not
putting yourself in front of everything
- I mean he's like I lay back I stand
back let moments happen and I'm not the
star of the show the artist that is
competing to win is the star of the show
and once you understand that dynamic
then hopefully you get to stick around
one thing I read in The Hollywood
Reporter piece is that there was
actually some fierce salary negotiation
going on at one point you maybe thought
about walking away with removing your
name from being in consideration so talk
me through the salary negotiations and
tips you might have for helping others
get what they need
I think the priority and anything is
always the product and the quality of
the product and that has been at the top
of the list
ever since we talked about bringing back
Idol ever since I said on Idol at the
end for now goodbye for now so that's
been what we've been focused on the most
and I think that when you when you have
a great show great product great
storytelling then it works and that's
what we're focused on so you didn't
answer my ago shishun for salary thing
I'm negotiating the answer okay fine
I'll let you skirt around that one just
because we are short on time you are
lucky
