hi I'm Rocco Mediate PGA Tour Champions
player and representative for osteo by
flex I play with the amateurs every week
which is actually kind of fun a lot of
times because they make fun of them they
make fun of me we have a ball it's all
bond entertainment I always see guys
trying to the same clubs that I hit most
of times is a failure anybody want to
hit far-far does not make you play
better straight up and when they try to
hit the ball too far she goes crooked
and then they're completely screwed
because now they don't have enough time
to work on the short game they got no
chance I am NOT a long long driver at
any stretch the images and I don't care
about that I've never care about when I
play with some of the longer guys on our
tour and even when I was on the PGA Tour
it never affected me because I can't do
that they hit far because they hit far I
hit normal because I normal if I try to
hit far I got issues that ball goes
crooked can I get 10 more yards
yes no problems but not 50 right so I
don't try to get that extra 50 I try to
get that extra 10 every once in a while
when I have some room to play with and
that's the thing I try to tell the kids
coming up today you give me 282 290
yards and every family how you going to
play pretty good not 320 282 290 every
fairway what happens it's over I mean
you're going to beat people a lot
