Venezuela is nearing its breaking point
daily protests rocked Caracas in the
economy hey Frankie Maduro France a
video named El Salado para que si Senor
Pepe sake
most people have lost faith in President
Nicolas Maduro but he still has
significant support among the poor
Maduro promises that a boat on July 30th
will help the country turn around
critics say he wants a new constitution
to increase his power more than 100
people have died in protests in recent
months seven years ago Venezuela was
Latin America's richest country now
people have to cross the border to buy
food a few years ago people like this
had one of the highest living standards
in Latin America oil made Venezuela rich
in the 20th century but that wealth did
not reach everyone
then a new figure came to Venezuelan
politics former Army officer Hugo Chavez
had swagger and a common touch bowed to
lift the poor out of poverty through
socialism wealth from the oil industry
would fund an extensive social welfare
program
Chavez also asserted state control over
the economy this led to a 2002 army coup
that overthrew shabbos the protests
restored him to power within a few days
Chavez's popularity grew as oil exports
funded anti-poverty programs but oil was
95 percent of the country's exports the
economy floundered when oil prices
plummeted in the late 2000s inflation
skyrocketed Chavez died in 2013 at the
economic situation deteriorated Chavez's
critics say his policies ruined the
economy his successor Maduro plans to
crush political opposition by making a
new constitution some are calling for a
boycott whatever the result of the vote
violence and poverty will plague the
country for years to come
