if Jeff session is fired there will be
holy hill to pay
I want the Attorney General to be much
tougher on the leaks from intelligence
agencies which are leaking like rarely
have they ever leaked before at a very
important level these are intelligence
agencies we cannot have that happen you
know many of my views in addition to
that but I think that's one of the very
important things that they have to get
on with I told you before I'm very
disappointed with the Attorney General
but we will see what happens time will
tell
the chairman of the Judiciary Committee
sent a very chilling tweet yesterday
there will be no confirmation hearing
for a new Attorney General 2017 if Jeff
session is fired
there will be holy hill to pay any
effort to go after Muller could be the
beginning of the end of the Trump
presidency
unless Muller did something wrong right
now I have no reason to believe that
Muller is compromised you think that
reason biblically is compromised and
should be serving a special counsel let
me know
