because I really don't have anything
else to add on that topic as I do I'll
keep you posted but if those are the
only questions we have I'm going to call
it a day what happens to transgender
service members now are they immediately
thrown out of the military that's
something that the Department of Defense
and the White House will have to work
together as implementation takes place
and it's done so lawfully that means
that those that are now in theater
they're not going to Afghanistan for
example will have to be immediately sent
home in orange orientation polish policy
is going to be something that the White
House and the Department of Defense have
to work together to lawfully determine
what's going to happen to transgenders
we're in the military now should you
have been able to answer that basic
question what a policy of this magnitude
look I think sometimes you have to make
decisions and once he made a decision he
didn't feel it was necessary to hold
that decision and they're going to work
together with the Department of Defense
to lawfully implement it what is the
timeline for when guidance will be
delivered - depending on how the
president's decision should be
implemented well let me know we have an
announcement why did you decide to do
this given that during the campaign he
has declared that he would be he would
protect the rights of transgender
individuals president has a lot of
support for all Americans and certainly
wants to protect all Americans at all
times
the president's expressed concern since
this Obama policy came into effect but
he's also voiced that this is a very
expensive and disruptive policy and
based on consultation that he's had with
his national security team came to the
conclusion that it erodes military
readiness and unit cohesion and made the
decision based on that
did the president today just betray his
commitment to the transgender community
now as I answered before this was a
decision about military readiness and
I've already answered even to that
specific tweak the transgender community
that he is still committed to fight for
them and how is this not not fighting
for them I think the president has made
very clear he's committed to fighting
for all Americans does this shift in
policy protect transgender Americans on
that the decision is
based on a military decision it's not
meant to be anything more than that
why was the Pentagon cause some surprise
this morning by the president's tweet
something yeah as I said before that the
president's national security team was
part of this consultation you mentioned
yourself has there been ongoing
conversations when this were smaller
pregnant medical van right when the
president made the decision yesterday
the Secretary of Defense was immediately
informed as were the rest of the
national security team that had been
part of this ongoing conversation
president is tweet this morning referred
to disruptions what does he mean and is
he concerned that there are disruptions
in our allies militaries in Australia
and UK and Israel as I said earlier this
decision was made after extensive
discussions with his national security
team and the president decided it was in
the best interest of the military to in
this Obama policy I can't speak to
anything about another country you
mentioned the president recently to
improve or maintain unit cohesion how
does it maintain or improve unit though
agent Lee thousands of service members
some who may be overseas serving in
units overseas in the dark about their
status and military once again this was
a decision made after the consultation
with his national security team and
decided the best decision
