Oh your Boy Scouts but you know life you
know life 19th Boy Scout Jamboree Wow
and to address such a tremendous group
or you have a lot of people here the
press will say it's about 200 people it
looks like about 45,000 people you set a
record today you know I go to Washington
and I see all these politicians and I
see the swamp and it's not a good place
in fact today I said we ought to change
it from the word swamp to the word
cesspool or perhaps to the word sewer as
the Scout law says a scout is
trustworthy loyal we could use some more
loyalty I will tell you that by the way
what do you think the chances are that
this incredible massive crowd
record-setting is going to be shown on
television tonight 1% or 0 President
Trump spoke before a small crowd of Boy
Scouts today at some that is some crowd
fake media fake news by the way just a
question did President Obama ever come
to a Jamboree and we'll be back we'll be
back the answer is no and foot will be
back sold this company for a tremendous
amount of money and he went out and
bought a big yacht and he had a very
interesting life I won't go any more
than uh cuz your Boy Scouts so I'm not
going to tell you what he could should I
tell you
should I tell you ah your Boy Scouts but
you know life you know life he got bored
with this life of yachts and sailing and
all of the things he did in the South of
France and other places you won't get
bored right you know truthfully your
workers you'll get bored too believe me
of course having a few good years like
that isn't so bad do you remember that
famous night on television November a
where they said these dishonest people
where they said there is no path to
victory for Donald Trump and you know we
have a tremendous disadvantage in the
electoral college
popular vote is much easier and by the
way under the Trump administration
you'll be saying Merry Christmas again
when you go shopping believe me
Merry Christmas they've been downplaying
that little beautiful phrase you're
going to be saying Merry Christmas again
folks
