a lot of the Trump advisors I talked to
contend that that was the moment at
which Chris Christie truly sailed from
grace and Donald Trump's eyes I am
Joshua green I'm the author of the new
book devil's bargain
Steve Bannon Donald Trump in the
storming of the presidency the way the
book opens is I try and take you through
the eight hours on election night inside
Trump Tower from the time at about 5:00
p.m. when CNN had a ticker saying it's
going to take a miracle to Trump for
Trump to win over the next eight hours
until Trump walks out on stage as the
new president-elect everybody is kind of
huddled in Trump Tower and Christie who
always wants to be at the center of the
action really rubbed a lot of Trump
advisors the wrong way had tried to
inject himself into the center of the
drama by ah my sources said arranging a
phone call that if Trump won Barack
Obama the president's going to call
Christie's cell phone this is Christie's
plan have him give the phone to Donald
Trump to congratulate him on defeating
Hillary Clinton and Trump explodes
Christie and and says why would I want
your disgusting cell phone touching my
face everybody knows Trump is a big
germaphobe and a lot of the lot of the
Trump advisors I talked to contend that
that was the moment at which Chris
Christie truly fell from grace and
Donald Trump's eyes and instead of
becoming the Attorney General or having
some high-level government position he
wound up kind of skulking back to New
Jersey and never really amounting
anything in Trump's washer
