one of the most important qualities that
we look for it's turn is what we call IQ
plus EQ
and that's a combination of sort of
intellectual capability along with
emotional intelligence I think that's
one of the things that really
differentiates our student body as well
as our school that we look for not only
bright intelligent leaders but those who
actually are capable of leading teams
communicating complicated ideas and
bringing things forward
so the interview itself is not going to
be blind you have the opportunity to go
to a class maybe have lunch with a
student going a tour of the school and
during the interview it's not going to
be a stress interview it's going to be
very conversational and we'll get to
know you better
the admissions officer who's
interviewing you has read your
application thoroughly so they won't ask
you basic questions that were in your
essays they'll go deeper and get to know
you on a more personal level and get
behind your professional goals even more
so I think that that process of being
able to talk one-on-one with a member of
the admissions committee for 30 minutes
in depth beyond what you can get on your
essays is a tremendous advantage for
applicants in the process but it also
helps us select really high caliber
individuals it should be conversational
it shouldn't be a stressful process and
if you thought about who you are where
you want to go and why Stern fits into
your plans it should be pretty
straightforward and possibly even
enjoyable
you
