in the early 1950s us planes were
conducting low-flying recon missions
over the USSR but there were constant
worries of them being spotted and shot
down so in 1954 President Eisenhower
authorized the development of a
top-secret high-altitude recon aircraft
dubbed Project Aqua town the program
required a remote location
that wasn't easily accessible to
civilians for spies area51 fit the bill
perfectly it was in the Nevada desert
near a salt flat called groom Lake no
one knows exactly why it's called area
51 but one theory suggests it came from
its proximity to the Nevada nuclear test
sites the Nevada Test Site was divided
into number designated areas by the
Atomic Energy Commission the location
was already familiar territory for the
military is that it served as a world
world to aerial gunnery in the summer of
1955 sightings of unidentified flying
objects were reported around area 51
that's because the Air Force had begun
its testing of the YouTube aircraft the
u2 can fly higher than 60,000 feet at
the time normal airliners were flying in
the 10,000 to 20,000 feet range while
military aircraft topped out at around
40,000 feet so if a pilot spotted the
tiny speck that was the u2 high above it
they have no idea what it was and they
would usually let air-traffic-control
know someone was out there which is what
led to the increase of UFO sightings in
the area while Air Force officials knew
the UFO sightings were YouTube heads
they couldn't really tell the public so
they explained the aircraft sightings by
saying they were natural phenomena and
high-altitude weather research the
testing of the u2 ended in the late
1950s
but area 51 has continued to serve as
the testing ground for many aircraft
including the f-117 a the a12 and the
tacit blue no one knows for sure when
area 51 is up to these days
the government never even publicly
acknowledged the existence of the base
until 2013 with the release of
declassified CIA reports but if you're
ever at the Las Vegas Airport keep an
eye out for some small unmarked
passenger planes in a fenced off area
they're how area 51 employees get to
work from their homes in Vegas
