very early on in my career I was fired
from one of my jobs
I was a a team leader at a very elite
SEAL team and the commanding officer and
I didn't get along well and I probably
did some things wrong and and I was
fired so you know when something like
that happens certainly in the military
you have two choices there you stay and
hope that your career gets back on track
or do you say well this obviously is
going to work out for me and I decided
to stay and show that I was a better
officer than I had performed at that
command pride is the first thing to fall
the reason I was selected for that job
is because I viewed myself as one of the
best officers in the SEAL community and
I got there and I didn't perform to the
level that was expected of me and and so
you know you get knocked down a notch or
two and you have to reevaluate what did
I need to do better how do I show that I
am a good officer so frankly the way to
get out of it is to work twice as hard
and to accept a little humility that
you're never as good as your press
clippings you're never as good as you
think you are
work hard be humble and then and I think
that will serve you well in life
you
