never ever command respect always
earning I'm at Middleton on the former
SBS operator and on coal for the book
called sas3 Edward to be a great leader
in all walks of life you need to lead
from the front
we need to roll your sleeves that you
need to insert yourself into that team
leader steps in to the arena and a great
leader should never ask anyone to do
anything that they haven't done or they
have an experience being a leader in the
Special Forces is one of the toughest
things I've ever done but also one of
the easiest because I knew I accepted
that we're probably going to lose men I
accepted that we're probably going to
get injured I accepted that not every
mission it's going to be successful but
you just have to accept that things
might go wrong but when they do go wrong
make sure you've got a plan of action
make sure that your men or your women
know exactly what to fall back on the
foundation is the structure the planning
and then you can reorganize and reattach
followship is just as important
leadership it's very important that you
will know if you're a good leader
because you will have awesome fellowship
and the people behind you it will take
that burden of responsibility people
behind you will take those problems with
you so all goes down to how you lead I
never went into there feeling that it
was fully my responsibility because
everyone has a responsibility and if you
can share that and have that then you'll
find that burden will be lightened
