should Donald Trump jr. have taken that
meeting well senator I don't I'm hearing
for the first time your description of
it so I'm not really in a position to
speak to it I gather that special I mean
yes if I got a call from somebody saying
the Russian government wants to help
Lindsey Graham get reelected
they've got dirt on Lindsey Graham's
opponent should I take that meeting well
sir I would think you'd want to consult
with some good legal advisors before you
did that so the answer is should I call
the FBI I think it would be wise to let
me be the director of the FBI pal so
here's what I want you to tell every
politician if you get a call from
somebody suggesting that a foreign
government wants to help you by
disparaging your opponent tell us all to
call the FBI to the members of this
committee any threat or effort to
interfere with our elections from any
nation state or any non-state actor is
the kind of thing the FBI would want to
know all right so I'll take it we should
call you and that's a great answer you
say that Muller is a good guy
all right that's been my experience yes
and you will do anything necessary to
protect him from being interfered with
when it comes to doing his job
absolutely I think he's if you believe
that in light of the Don jr. email and
other allegations that this whole thing
about Trump campaign and Russia's of
which hi is that a fair description of
what we're all dealing with in America
well senator I can't speak to the basis
for those comments I can tell you the my
experience with direct I'm asking you as
the future FBI director you consider
this endeavor a witch hunt I did not
consider director Muller to be on a
witch hunt
