overfeeding is a very big problem
especially in urban urban dogs urban
cats that don't get that much exercise
most people are very feel very very bad
if their animal is hungry when in fact
that's natural to be hungry people feel
good when they're hungry and they eat
and nourish themselves some animals are
fed free choice and it just blows
everything out of proportion they're
overweight they're more lethargic they
develop a whole host of other problems
only due to the fact that the owner over
feeds your dog or your cat should have a
little bit of a waste we call that a
body condition score a five out of nine
is a perfect body condition score where
the dog or the cat has a has sort of an
hourglass figure and you can see some of
the rips your veterinarian can tell you
whether you're your pet is overweight
another very common symptom of over
feeding is the bowel movement is normal
in the morning and then during the
course of the day it gets very soft
that's a very very easy way to determine
that you're over feeding your pet and
that's very common especially with the
more caloric dense diets that are on the
market different dogs have different
activities different foods have
different caloric densities so you have
to try to maintain their weight maintain
their stool and that's really the way to
do it
