firearms and weapons attacks are
thankfully rare however in the unlikely
event of an attack at your workplace or
elsewhere being prepared and knowing how
to respond is important and may save
lives hotel guests and tourists may look
to you for help so this film will give
you simple and straightforward advice on
what to do if an attack occurs it's an
opportunity for you and your colleagues
to plan your response minimize the risk
and help you to stay safe if you hear
gunshots think about your safest option
if there is a safe route run this is the
best option
think about your escape route act
quickly leave belongs behind and insist
others go with you don't let their
indecision slow you down
ensure people move away from gunfire not
towards it once you identify a safe
route run make sure your route doesn't
put you in the line of fire
consider your exits and escape routes if
your escape route is no longer safe find
an alternative avoid dead ends and
bottlenecks if you can't move to safety
then hide the best places to hide with
protection from gunfire will have a
solid physical barrier between you and
the attacker lock yourself in and move
away from the door
barricade yourself in if you can turn
your mobile phone to silent and switch
off vibrate stays quiet as possible
don't shout or do anything that could
give away your hiding place
if your escape route is still safe get
as far away from the danger area as you
can only when you are safe call the
police make sure you have the correct
number for them on your phone tell them
clearly where the attack is happening
where you are how many attackers you
have seen describe the attackers their
clothing weapons direction of travel
casualties and anything else you think
is important try to stop others entering
the danger area but only if this won't
put you in danger
when the police arrive they will be
armed they will deal with the immediate
threat first to prevent further
casualties this could take some time the
police may be unable to distinguish
between you and an attacker they may
treat you firmly do everything they tell
you to don't make any sudden movements
or gestures that could be seen as a
threat stay calm don't shout or wave and
keep your hands visible so they can see
that you're unarmed the police may ask
for details about the building
the attackers any hostages and
casualties only when the threats has
been neutralized will you be evacuated
to safety you can plan possible escape
routes and hiding places in advance and
take time to become familiar with your
environment where would you run where
would you hide
these kinds of attacks are rare but
having a plan knowing how to respond and
being prepared will help you stay safe
and could save your life
you
