I think you have to massively humble
yourself when it comes to the witnesses
I'm a militant on former SBS operator
and on coal for the book called SAS you
dead wind you need to accept where
you're strong and you need to accept
where you're weak and that goes down to
being brutally honest with yourself for
me that changed my life when I learned
to be brutally honest in myself and
actually acknowledge where my weaknesses
were
I could develop them but not only can I
develop them one could ask for help my
weakness was when I first go in the Army
I was an overachiever but as an
individual I wasn't a team player I got
better crew a lot better PT finally got
so far as an individual and when I found
out that people were overtaking me and
they were getting certain courses they
were getting promoted that's when I sat
back my thoughts going on it's a little
clique and when I actually sat down and
acknowledged that I started helping
other people is starting asking for
advice and working on my weaknesses
that's when it actually changed my life
what career went through the roof once I
acknowledged my weakness was actually
not being a team player voice your
weaknesses to other individuals other
team members let them know that actually
I'm not patrolling this area I need help
and nine times out of ten people will
want to help you when you try and hide
your weaknesses and you try and do
something and you get it completely
wrong when you do something and it
doesn't work and then you don't
acknowledge that that's when people will
stand up against you that's when that
mistake will follow you throughout your
career
