stresses the bag of bricks you could
pick up in the morning and let it weigh
you down or you can just not pick it up
it's a lot of it's in your mind and one
of the key phrases that I still use
today is slow is smooth smooth is fast
you try to rush anything stuff's not
going to go the way you do it slow down
take a breath and the realization that
stress is actually a choice that you
make you can you can be stressed out or
you cannot be stressed out it's
important to try to divorce emotion from
what you're doing your initial reaction
is the wrong reaction you need to
separate it to just by taking a second
letting it develop I would tell guys you
know don't react do respond taking a
breath relax to take a wrap off I mean
it's okay to be afraid it's not okay to
panic there's a very very fine line that
panic is contagious
and other people will panic if they see
you panic but as a leader if you can
remain calm your people will remain calm
as well and a lot of that comes with
experience it's one thing to do it in
training it's another in combat my first
few actual combat deployments you know
what's it like if I get shot just a
cautious awareness but looking at my
boss I remember one mission in
particular where he was in front of me
just as smooth as ever as cool as ever
and just the realization that I want to
be like that and that's just what
experience does to you and 95% of the
stuff you worry about doesn't happen so
just let your training take over and
just do it you know
