many people think only in the in the
realm of dog food I think you should try
to see an assortment of different things
well if your dog is doing well on a dry
dog food or a canned dog food there's
really no reason to vary it but if you
wanted to there's no reason not to I
think many people fear giving their dog
or cat anything that they eat varying
their diet but I think that's an error
people like to feed a specific brand of
food for whatever reason I encourage
these people to mix an assortment of
different things into the food like
breakfast cereal lettuces various meats
carrots if you want to defeat things
that you're preparing for a meal cooked
meats cooked carbohydrates cooked
vegetables raw vegetables those are all
very good things to feed I don't think
we feed our pets enough vegetables in
terms of dietary and take fresh
vegetables fresh fruits bananas there
are some things to stay away from like
great onions chocolate various sugars
like xylitol
