good one in central high school students
and faculty welcome to our virtual
assembly this is the story of Central
High School in Tuscaloosa Alabama
there's a high school with high
expectations I think it was the best of
Tuscaloosa central was amazing they
brought us all together we came second
to no one
so why did Central ceased to exist
how's this growing Flanagan broadcasting
live from the blood drive that's me in
1999 when I was a junior at Central then
the one public high school in the
Tuscaloosa City school system we just
beat Hillcrest five to one the other day
so we've obviously got what it takes to
whoop up on everybody that's in
Tuscaloosa you had people from all over
Tuscaloosa from all the different
neighborhoods all different
socioeconomic backgrounds all converging
in one place every day
well we lie brothers and sisters in
schools we all might have been different
shapes they were size different coach
but you couldn't tell us different good
morning I'm Katy Stephen and on coop and
these are your morning announcements you
met all the kids in the city and you
know you didn't necessarily know that
that many people existed in the city we
have white friends black friends
everybody was just cool with each other
we're talking about the baseball game
this afternoon Vestavia versus your
central falcon you just had everyone
from the city so yeah so much to choose
from you know it was a criminal crop if
you said Central High School in the
world and to save Alabama they know who
sent high school was Tuscaloosa is
probably best known as the home of the
University of Alabama famous for its
football program but also for what
happened in this spot on the university
campus in 1963
it's where Governor George Wallace
attempted to block the first
african-american students from attending
the University he failed and the
university was integrated
what makes Tuscaloosa is so great is we
just have a great mixture of so many
different people from varying different
backgrounds or city that's around 55% of
white 45% African American so we have a
unique split in terms of our racial
population there is a lot of economic
disparity in Tuscaloosa and there's sort
of a geographical feature that is
emblematic of that divide and that's the
Black Warrior River which runs through
the center of town on the north side of
the river you've got the more affluent
areas mansions and Country Club and on
the other side of town you still got
some nice areas I grew up in downtown
Tuscaloosa the historic district of town
and then just adjacent to downtown
you've got what's known as the West End
so in the western zone you have the
highest unemployment rate of course you
have the highest poverty rate so people
who over here for the most part the
majority of the people are here by
because they can't do any better you
know they don't have a choice in 1978 a
federal court order mandated that the
mostly segregated public high schools in
Tuscaloosa merged together to create one
big high school
that's how Central High School came to
be there was one high school which was a
mega high school and the service did
great athletically academically there
were actually people who wanted to come
to Tuscaloosa because of the good
schools here gentle was the center of
everything so it's master students are
not doing as well off but there's some
sexy everybody else doing well you can
with an incentive to you know to do a
little bit more
but in 2000 everything changed the
federal court order was lifted and the
school board voted to break up central
into three separate schools a move
characterized by many as resegregate
Tuscaloosa Mayor Walt Maddox graduated
from Central High School in 1991 people
of maine's were moving their children
out of this out of the city schools so
in some ways the decision although on
the appearance and in the short term
appeared to be resegregate it was
actually the only decision be made to
keep diversity within our school system
white students were leaving the
Tuscaloosa City school system between
1995 and 2000 the number of white
students in the city school system
dropped by 21 percent they were children
from communities who didn't look like
their children who didn't live with
their children had nothing in common so
I guess sometimes people think that
poverty will rub off on you but I have
not found that to be true the city built
three new high schools central was torn
down and rebuilt on the same spot Paul W
Bryan High School was built on the east
side of town and North Ridge High School
was built north of the river in the most
affluent part of Tuscaloosa going to
Northridge was bittersweet for me I mean
it did seem like wow we're going to get
to do something new but also I was
leaving behind this tradition Delius
deverson went to central for the first
two years of high school and spent the
second two at Northridge after the split
we as Tuscaloosa we're going backwards
and all I kept thinking was if we're
going to go backwards and some schools
are going to be better than others of
course you're going to say I want to be
where the best you know teachers are
where the best opportunities are going
to be and I think everybody wants that
for their children but not everybody is
positioned politically economically to
be able to make those same decisions two
of the three high schools are majority
african-american
Northridge has the most even split with
43% african-american Bryant is 86
percent
and 98% of central student body is
african-american much of which comes
from Tuscaloosa as West End because of
low standardized test scores the Alabama
Department of Education has designated
central as a failing school every year
since 2013 we absolutely have an
achievement gap in our school system we
have students who are not performing at
grade level and where they need to be at
Central High School we have to look at
our students performance as they're
ready as they enter school in pre-k or
kindergarten and what happens in
elementary school what happens in middle
school and then ultimately at the end at
Central High School so this is not about
a school this is about our school system
one of the success stories to emerge
from the Tuscaloosa City Schools is
boxer Deontay Wilder currently the WBC
heavyweight champion of the world yeah
dad we gonna do your dirt NAVADMIN don't
want no roots Wilder was part of the
first class to graduate from the new
version of central when they split up
there was you know it was a bittersweet
where it was just a bit of moment you
know one never sweet about it
it was just bitter because like all your
friends was elsewhere and I'm saying and
if you only had so many friends
then eight was gone you just like hobble
started back all this like the school
spirit was withdrawn as well so it
wasn't a sign it wasn't central no more
the three high school situation has been
a blessing for Tuscaloosa now we know
our children were failing former city
schools board member John Gordon says
Central's overall success disguised what
was really going on let's say that
central as one school represented a
bicycle built for three a head on that
bicycle maybe with a white child in the
middle you may find a black child and at
the end you may find a Hispanic child
all pedaling going to the finish line
but see when we took the bicycle apart
and gave everybody their bicycle we gave
North Rich's bicycle we gave Brian this
bicycle and we gave Central is bicycle
now you're about to see oh my
ah everybody wasn't called crossing the
finish line at the same time they were
just on the same bicycle we have
students who who have experiences
whether that's experiences being in
poverty or experiences at home that keep
them from being focused on education and
keep them from being focused in the
classroom and that's just that's just a
reality for some of our students so
we've got to remove those barriers so
that when a student is there in the
classroom learning to read that's all he
has to worry about is learning to read
what made a big impact I'll mean
something I think about often even today
at Central giving guys on the football
team a ride home and seeing where they
live and that's one of those moments
where it dawns on you a lot of you know
the success that you think you've made
for yourself is really contingent on a
lot of circumstances you have no control
over good morning students faculty staff
of Central High School weeks we're here
this morning to honor our student the
month nominees you set the example here
at Central so I hope you will wear your
ribbons with pride I would wouldn't
trade my experience that I had at
Central for anything and I would want my
kids to have the same experience where
they are an environment where they are
around lots of different types of people
I think it just makes you a better
person I wish somehow someway that we
could have convinced more people that
your experience is central not only
prepared you academically it prepared
you for life
because we're in a world that's diverse
we're in a world that's complicated
we're in a world where people coming
from different backgrounds that none of
us can appreciate or understand central
high school in a way forced us all
together to learn from each other and I
think eventually love each other as part
of being one community those are lessons
that I think unfortunately are getting
missed in great abundance not only in
our city but throughout the nation
