what we see is that the average GPA
college GPA of American millionaires is
actually 2.9
so Karen Arnold did research at Boston
College looking at the success levels of
valedictorian and in general that high
school valedictorians do well but they
don't actually reach the highest level
of success metrics going to become the
billionaires people who run the world in
general and that's because what the
research found was that school teaches
you to comply with rules so ballot
ourian's often go on to be to people who
support the system they become a part of
the system they don't change the system
or overthrow the system and so what we
see is that the average GPA college GPA
of American millionaires is actually 2.9
and while valedictorians
generally score high in the personality
trait of conscientiousness what you see
among the millionaires with their 2.9
GPAs is they're known for grit maybe
they don't comply with rules that well
but they stick with goals over the long
term and that's how they do really well
and sometimes they don't play by the
rules sometimes they do things
differently because in school rules are
very clear in life rules are not so
clear so a certain amount of not playing
by the rules is advantageous once you
get out of a closed system like
education
you
