actually expect the started actually
expect us not to report on stories of
foreign country trying to influence the
presidential election III don't think
it's that it's expected that you're not
to report on again actual news if
there's something there but again I
think that there are a lot of things
happen in this world that frankly a lot
of people would like to hear about
whether it's job growth whether it's
deregulation whether it's tax reform
health care I think a lot of those
things deserve a lot more coverage than
they get and all we're saying is you
know I think that we should take a
really good look at what we are focused
on what we are covering and making sure
that it's actually accurate and it's
honest if we make the slightest mistake
the slightest word is off it is just an
absolute tirade from a lot of people in
this room but news outlets get to go on
day after day and cite unnamed sources
use stories without sources have you
know you mentioned the scare emoji story
where they had to have reporters resign
come on you're explaining everybody
right here right now with those works
you
this administration has done that as
well why in the name in haven't in one
of us right are replaceable and in one
of us if we don't get it right the
audience has the opportunity to turn the
channel or not read it I think you have
been elected to serve for four years at
least there's no option other than that
we ready to ask you questions right I'm
here to provide the answers and what you
just said is inflammatory to people all
over the country who look at and say see
once again the president is right and
everybody else out here is fake media
and everybody in this room is only
trying to do their job I disagree
completely first of all I think if
anything has been inflamed it's the
dishonesty that often takes place by the
news media and I think it is outrageous
for you to accuse me of inflaming a
story when I was simply trying to
respond to this question Kevin
