this is the story of how twin brothers
from Chicago helped take down El Chapo
as told by their wives whose identities
are concealed for their protection we
actually had an incident where we were
imported by out of Mexico and we were
out with our husbands and we got to
napped all of a sudden were there's a
cave pointed out our heads were there
telling us to get down and they're you
know waiting these guns and they're what
mass and I'm terrified I'm thinking
we're just all gonna die right there
they're just going to have a shooting
spree when we were able to get out of
that situation because Chapel Guzman
made a phone call we actually were able
to be released now when we experienced
what we went through and we sat there we
had a family discussion and our husbands
wanted to take on this risk which was
very scary to us when they decided to
cooperate with the US government they
were recording you know one of the most
biggest dangerous narco terrorists in
the world which is chapo guzman the
defining moment was our husbands were
the only persons ever to get a recorded
conversation on a chapel it was a it was
it was a scary moment we were I remember
us sitting in Olivia's house and our
husbands are you know sitting there with
the recorder and we have our friends and
their associates you know over for
dinner and Chapel calls and they just
start recording him and we're sitting
here in mind you we're the only ones
that know this big secret what if Chapel
knows what if he finds out you know he's
picking up you know conversations in the
airwaves and he's you know he's looking
for you know people that are snitching
on him every single day once the US
government had what they needed
we knew our life was going to change we
knew that we were going to have to hide
for the rest of our lives and that is
like the worst imaginable feeling you
can ever have in 2015 the brothers were
sentenced to 14 years in
jail the recordings by the brothers are
considered the foundation for the US
government case against El Chapo
