you've probably all been in those
conversations that guy you don't really
want to talk to and he just keeps going
and going and going so how do you in
that in a way that's not awkward and
makes the person feel uncomfortable so
the main thing is look for a lull in the
conversation where you know you're kind
of like well anyways use that as a time
to say hey it's been great talking to
you like I will show up on a drink or
there's someone here I need to go talk
to before they leave
so haven't an excuse to get out a
legitimate excuse don't just make coming
up that could get awkward - another way
to do to get out when there's that low
in the conversation say hey I want to
introduce you to someone I think you
have a lot in common and then take that
person over there but make sure the
person that you're dumping that person
off actually would get something out of
that conversation because that would
just be rude if there wasn't anything
there and sometimes she's going to be
upfront and just say hey it's been great
talking to you but I got a I got to go
and then leave that that and so just to
look for that lull they always happen
and then find an ounce with that
