that was a collaborative idea you know
between all of us
and that was also a dish that was very
much about a sense of place the history
of New York is actually a perfect
example of sort of what we're trying to
do
I'm Daniel home I'm the chef and
co-owner of Eleven Madison Park the
Nomad and make nice we're trying to
define what is New York's cuisine and I
think when you think about a cuisine
it's always when when when history and
agriculture sort of come together that
is really a cuisine and so we studied
all these restaurants of the past and we
realized that they all had their version
on steak tartare and we wanted to create
our own and we tried for so long to
create our own sake tour tour and and I
was just never satisfied with with what
we came up with because it was too
similar to the original or another third
of the original and it just didn't had
our real fingerprint on it but then I
was spending a day out in Warwick New
York in the Hudson Valley with this
farmer Alex passing rods which been
farming for over 40 years and he's
famous for his carrot and for an entire
day he told me about all the different
types of carrots and why this oil is the
best oil in the world enough and I came
back to the restaurant and that night we
had a creative meeting and we again were
trying yet another version of beef
tartare and again it just wasn't
satisfying but then if I looked at this
meat grinder on the table and I had this
crate of all these different color
carrots and then in my mind I was like I
think we need to
returned and then we were our way with
that and and that really became as an
iconic dish for us
