Madam President I have just been
informed that the alleged shooter at the
Republican baseball practice this
morning is someone who apparently
volunteered on my presidential campaign
I am sickened by this despicable act and
let me be as clear as I can be violence
of any kind is unacceptable in our
society and I condemn this action in the
strongest possible terms real change can
only come about through nonviolent
action and anything else runs counter to
our most deeply held American values I
know I speak for the entire country in
saying that my hopes and prayers are
that representative Scalise
congressional staff and the Capitol
Police officers who were wounded make a
quick and full recovery I also want to
thank the Capitol Police for their
heroic actions to prevent further harm
thank you
