who would like to ask I take one of the
killer networks that treat me so badly
as fake news should I didn't huh go
ahead John you fair John oh absolutely
nice you used to be before I ran such a
nice man always fair mr. president um
wait get back to James commis testimony
you suggested he didn't tell the truth
and everything he said he did say under
oath that you told him to let the Flynn
you said you hoped the Flynn
investigation you could like I didn't
say that so he lied about that well I
didn't say that I mean I will tell you I
didn't say that and and did he ask you
to pledge and there'd be nothing wrong
if I did say it according to everybody
that I've read today but I did not say
that and did he ask for a pledge of
loyalty from you that's another thing he
said no he did not so he said those
things under oath would you be willing
to speak under oath to give your version
of 100% I didn't say under oath I hardly
know the man I'm not going to say I want
you to pledge allegiance who would do
that who would ask a man to pledge
allegiance under oath I mean think of it
I hardly know the men it doesn't make
sense no I didn't say that and I didn't
say the other so if robert muller wanted
to speak with you about that i would be
glad to tell them exactly what I just
told you Jim and you seem to be hinting
that there are recordings of those
converse I'm not hinting anything I'll
tell you about it over a very short
period of time okay okay do you have a
question here when will you tell us
about the row for a fairly short period
of time are you going to be very
disappointed when you hear the end so
don't worry
