flip-flops are really bad again because
they're very flat and they're super thin
there's just those thin little song
straps that are holding your foot to the
shoe when you're wearing the flip-flop
your toes tend to over grip a little bit
and that can cause a lot of different
types of pains especially if you overuse
them they really should be reserved for
just poolside and the beach and kind of
just casual not for everyday walking
around you can develop plantar fasciitis
which is a common one that just means
that there is inflammation at the bottom
of the foot there's a ligament called
your plantar fascia and that runs along
your whole entire arch so arch pain heel
pain if you have bunions and hammertoes
flip-flops can make them a lot worse
because again you're over gripping and
even different types of tendonitis an
ankle sprain because you're not really
stable inside that shoe a bunion is
basically a dislocation at the big toe
joint there's a bony prominence like a
big red bump that starts to form on the
big toe joint on the side this can lead
to all kinds of problems you don't fit
well into your shoes you'll start having
pain when you walk and it'll also start
to contribute to different other
problems like hammer toes and corns and
things like that the good news is that
there's some versions of those
flip-flops that are better than others
so look for a type that has a thicker
sole maybe a little bit thicker strap
and definitely has like an arch support
and there's really great brands that
have that
