a lot of people ask why the US flag
reversed when it's on an arm patch of
the US military hello I'm Tim Marshall
and I've got any paper back out worth
dying for
the power and politics of flags just as
the US flag dips to no man or King and
it you'll see even at the Olympic
ceremonies the American flag is the only
one that doesn't get to the head of
state of the host country because it is
not a mark of disrespect to them it's a
not respect to the local flag and they
take it so seriously that it must always
face forward and on a flagpole that puts
the stars on the left hand side next to
the flagpole that the most prestigious
position on an arm patch you're looking
at it differently and when the soldier
or marine or whatever marches forward
the US flag must face forward it must
not be seen to be a retreat and so the
stars are actually now on the right hand
side of their badge and so they face for
just as it never retreat it's always in
a special position when it's flown on a
car you might think this is taking
things to extremes but when you really
get to the bottom of flags they are
about extremes of passion and it's wings
of the leaf and the Americans take my
flying very that
you
