well we'll see later today but the main
decision or the thoughts decision is
that he will pull out of the Paris
Accord that would be I think a big step
back in terms of the United States
position when it comes to leadership in
climate change hi my name is Gregory
jackal and I'm chief US economist at
Oxford Economics it does have broader
implications when it comes to climate
change in general but it also means that
the United States is increasingly
growing into an isolationist position
and that will have implications when it
comes to relationships on a geopolitical
front on an economic front on a trade
front of positions that are isolationist
generally are not move into growth but
more importantly scraps if you think
about the climate change issue it's very
important for the United States to lead
the way when it comes to climate change
it is one of the biggest economic powers
out there and if China or other major
economies see the u.s. moving in the
wrong direction in terms of climate
change I think it wouldn't be a good
sign for the other countries what's more
is that you don't necessarily have the
basis of climate change and business
activity as being things that can't be
compatible I think very much can be
compatible with the right types of
assessments
