if you want to understand how flow leads
to breakthroughs right the first thing
that that's helpful to understand is one
of the things we've learned is that flow
states have triggers these are
preconditions that lead to more flow in
our research we found that
action-adventure sports surfing skiing
rock climbing mountain biking our pact
would be so called flow triggers about
four books ago I was reading a book
called a small furry prayer and I was
absolutely stuck I had writer's block
for the first time in my life and months
had gone by I was fast approaching my
deadline and a friend of mine had never
been downhill mountain biking a friend
of mine kind of dragged me up to the
mountain and you know run one was oh my
god I can't believe a bike can actually
ride down this stuff Run 2 was oh my god
I'm going to die
and run 3 was holy crap I'm going to
spend a lot of money buying one of these
bikes the bike it kicked me right into a
deep flow state I came home I sat down I
started writing and I basically wrote
for two weeks straight and on what was a
totally unfinished book became two weeks
later a book that was nominated for a
Pulitzer Prize what we've learned this
is true so Mobley's work at harvard is
that the heightened creativity that
shows up and flow it can outlast a flow
state sometimes by a day sometimes by
two the other thing that we know about
flow is creativity is another flow
trigger the pattern recognition the
linking of ideas together underneath
flow so once I started writing write
what's the flow States would kick that
off to pattern recognition the linking
of ideas together kept it going over
that period
you
