high yields are typically bad for you
even though as women we have a lot of
social pressures to wear them for work
and for events for parties to go out on
Saturday night they're bad because any
type of elevation causes your body
weight to go forward towards the ball of
your foot so now you have increased body
weight at the ball of your foot when
you're not intended to walk that way the
other thing that starts to happen is
that your knees and your hips are also
just lowered and now you're back to
compensate has to hyperextend backwards
so your whole spine is just really mal
aligned you can get stress fractures of
metatarsals you can get knee pain hip
pain back pain tendonitis people who are
unsteady will sometimes bring their
ankles wearing high-heeled ingrown
toenails get worse pinched nerves in the
feet called neuromas start to develop
hammer toes and bunions it just goes on
and on so they're really bad for you so
I give patients a list of do's and
don'ts and moderation is the key and
don't wear the same heel height every
day either
so alternate your shoes throughout the
week alternate your shoes throughout the
day so we're commuter shoes to and from
work do not leave your house at 7:00 in
the morning with a 3 or 4 inch heel walk
around all day at work and then you know
walk home with it in the afternoon as
well or in the evening also wearing
wedges so throwing in different types of
heels so your wardrobe is a good idea so
wedges platforms those have a greater
surface area that your body weight can
be transferred across so it's not just a
little balancing act with that little
stiletto
