I'd be very surprised if Trump was
impeached for me this scandal looks much
more like iran-contra than it does
Watergate I certainly think that's true
with the Republican House and Senate so
in the run-up to 2018 I mean if after
midterm elections the Democrats would
actually a sweep then we'd be in a
different environment it becomes
politicized in a direction that's much
more problematic for Trump and if there
are smoking guns that become known to
the public through the investigation
process then he might be more vulnerable
but impeachments a very high bar it's a
political bar there's nothing that I've
seen so far remotely that implies the
Trump has done something that would hit
that bar I don't see any notions of
illegality what we see is a lot of a lot
of life we're not lying under oath just
a lot of line I mean a more lying than
the average politician right by a large
margin and that's already a high bar but
what you see is that the polarization in
the United States is only getting
greater every day there has been
weakening of trumps support so the
strength of committed support from his
base is not as enthusiastic as it was a
month two months ago but still the vast
majority of those core supporters are
very much with Trump and there's nothing
that the mainstream media can report
that's going to shake that because they
lost all trust in those institutions and
those in
new ones in fact I do believe that the
fact that the media has basically acted
like their hair is on fire with
everything that Trump does I mean you
know sort of these if he colludes with
the Russians or he misspells a tweet
it's a national security disaster and
that that crying wolf has really worn
patients down to a nub for people that
support Trump and so if Trump were
impeached which again I think is quite
unlikely I think it'd be very bad for
the country bad for the country because
all of his supporters would feel rightly
that this guy had never been given a
fair shot after they elected him
president and I'm saying that even if he
absolutely deserved skin peach you just
don't want American institutions to be
that divided to be that corrosive and I
unfortunately I think that's where we
are
