we didn't trust government authority
figures or really anyone over 30 in
large part thanks to years of heavy
casualties and dishonest official
statements about Vietnam and deep
differences over civil rights and
poverty here at home we were asking
urgent questions about whether women
people of color religious minorities
immigrants would ever be treated with
dignity and respect and by the way we
were furious about the past presidential
election of a man whose presidency would
eventually end in disgrace with his
impeachment for obstruction of justice
after
after firing the person running the
investigation into him at the Department
of Justice but here's what I want you to
know we got through that tumultuous time
and once again we began to thrive as our
society change laws and open the circle
of opportunity and rights wider and
wider for more Americans
