there's one word a four-letter word that
does not get said enough in marriage and
it's ouch when we're in conflict
inevitably we will say something that
hurts the other person using the inside
information that you have on them or
that they have on you they've used
something precious that nobody else
knows and it's a tender spot and they
use that on you and you are so hurt and
everything in you wants to scream
something right back at them oh yeah
well you're starting to look like your
mother or something you know is really
going to hurt them now one person just
chooses to say ouch that one hurt now
maybe the other person comes back at
that point and then says oh yeah well
you've said some pretty hurtful things
to me my F and I hate that I have now
that whole conversation which was a very
familiar path that fight is now a
totally different path because one of
you chose to actually get vulnerable and
say ouch that one hurt
and so it wasn't a step of pushing you
away with a step of inviting you in by
saying you know what I am open enough to
you that you can actually hurt me so now
how about we talk to each other as if we
loved each other in terms of romantic
relationships no one can touch you like
the one you expose yourself than those
two but no one can hurt you like the one
you expose yourself to those two and
that hurt is inevitable because we're
fallible human beings trying to get
really really close with one another I'm
not thinking in a whiny way and what you
hurt me no stand up tall right stand up
as tall as you can and own it you know
what that hurt is that what you were
going for because your next answer will
tell me a lot about our relationship is
usually when I'm setting out to you know
what I'm going to find out ways I could
hurt this person in a day it just comes
out when we're in the heat of conflict
and we forget ourselves and we forget
who we really are calm down grow up
get closer
