we work is arguably most overvalued
company in the world we work is now
getting evaluation equipment of five
hundred and fifty thousand dollars per
customer so it's hard to imagine how
they can monetize consumers to the
extent that warrants of five hundred
fifty thousand dollar evaluation per
consumer in some instances we work if
you do the math the floor that the we
work building leases in a building is
worth more than the building hosting
that we work I bet if you look at a
Regis or another co-working space you'd
find that they're worth kind of
single-digit thousands we work makes
absolutely no sense that is the perfect
example kind of this frothy market a
consensual hallucination between the
company and its investors I would argue
that uber at this point is probably
overvalued some of the controversy was
not only bad to the brand but also
demonstrated a substitutability
Bluebird when people had a pretty easy
time deleting the app and just firing up
lip and at seventy billion dollars you
have to wonder if uber is worth you know
as much as Airbus and it probably isn't
snap incredibly overvalued we work
incredibly overvalued and a company that
stops 70% Twitter it's still massively
overvalued this is a stock that will be
trading for between five and ten bucks
within six to twelve months two and a
half years ago when it's a 55 I said it
would be below ten I was wrong it'll be
below fun
you
