if you can communicate your vision your
expectation and then put your hands away
and say I want you to figure this one
out for yourself and give people the
freedom to act you're going to be far
more successful so I think about again
intention expectation your vision the
more clear you can be about that the
more successful you and the other person
are going to be working together and I
think it's most important to people fail
to miss the mark if they fail to meet
the expectation rather than jump all
over them and blame them for what they
did or didn't do he was a leader have to
first and foremost look internally how
did I communicate to this problem or how
did I contribute to this problem
how did I perhaps set them up for
failures or anything I could have done
differently to get a different result
that's really the accountable response
when people working with you and through
you have a misstep I don't believe that
enough
you know managers or senior leaders
spend time quiet time if you will
pausing and reflecting so I would
challenge anyone to really focus on
developing your self-awareness where you
can be better and if you can be humble
and say you know I could have done this
differently or you know you you may miss
this mark here how could we work
together better you're going to put
people less on the defense and more
focus on what you're seeking and that's
the solution
you
