I like to say that he's the company's
greatest asset and also its greatest
liability my name is Adam Lewinsky I'm
executive editor of Fortune magazine and
I've written a new book called wild ride
inside ubers quest for world domination
he is the strong-willed executive who
has brought over to where it is he is
the executive who showed Boober how to
defy regulators and to succeed and to
thrive he's also the executive who had
gotten them into so much trouble and who
had said so many unfortunate things and
who has caused so many people to doubt
them so no one is replaceable
anyone can be replaced but I think it
would be highly problematic if he were
to go was Mark Zuckerberg qualified to
run a company like Facebook was Jeff
Bezos qualified for an Amazon was Bill
Gates qualified to run Microsoft the
answer in each case was probably no no
and no and yet at the same time they
were the only people who could have
taken those companies from where they
started to where they were and over is
in a very similar situation right now it
is a big company that a lot of employees
it has a lot of revenue it has an
extremely high valuation but it's a bit
of a helter-skelter company you're
literally going off in many directions
all the time and that is a reflection of
Travis kalanick personality and the
culture that he won at uber the time is
coming very near where he and his board
advisers are going to have to make a
determination about whether or not he
has grown into the role of running uber
as people like gates and Bezos and
Zuckerberg and speed jobs did although
it was never easy for them that is the
question right now I think
you
