the Sun is due south in the middle of
the day and that means it's casting
shadows to the north side of any
obstacles on any track that runs from
east to west you will see more puddles
on the south side my name is Tristan
Gilley I'm the author of how to read
water clues and patterns from puddles to
the sea we can use puddles to find our
way puddles are amazing things they tell
us so much about what the wildlife and
the people have been doing in an area
before we got there
but they can also be used as a compass
the Sun is due south in the middle of
the day now means it's casting shadows
to the north side of any obstacles what
this means is on any track that runs
from east to west you will see more
puddles on the south side the Sun in the
middle of the day is drying everything
except the bits it can't reach they stay
wet so we see more puddles on the south
side of tracks what I like to do and I
get some funny looks when I do it is to
get really low down and to look at the
surface of a puddle because then we can
use the surface of the puddle it's quite
a fine instrument if there are any
vibrations at all if there's a train
approaching even quite a long way away
it sends vibrations through the ground
we might not feel them but in the
surface of the puddle we get a little
bit of movement and so if we look across
a puddle at something in the distance we
might see that tiny bit of movement and
that aclu's is something that might be
approaching something that's happening
in our environment
you
