now I want to take this opportunity to
give you some advice over the course of
your life you will find that things are
not always fair you will find that
things happen to you that you do not
deserve and that are not always
warranted but you have to put your head
down and fight fight fight never ever
ever give up things will work out just
fine
look at the way I've been treated lately
especially by the media no politician in
history and I say this with great purity
has been treated worse or more unfairly
you can't let them get you down you
can't let the critics and then they say
is get in the way of your dreams I guess
that's why I want thank you I guess
that's why we won adversity makes you
stronger don't give in don't back down
and never stop doing what you know is
right nothing worth doing ever ever ever
came easy and the more righteous your
fight the more opposition that you will
face
