I rise today mr. speaker to call for the
impeachment of the President of the
United States of America for obstruction
of justice I do not do this for
political purposes Mr Speaker I do this
because I believe in the great ideals
that this country stands for liberty and
justice for all the notion that we
should have government of the people by
the people for the people I do it
because mr. speaker there is a belief in
this country that no one is above the
law and that includes the President of
the United States of America mr. speaker
our democracy is at risk mr. speaker
this offense has occurred before our
very eyes
it is perspicuous it is easily to
understand mr. speaker we are talking
about a president who fired the FBI
director who was investigating the
president for his connections to Russian
involvement in the president's election
mr. speaker this is not about the
president firing the FBI director
because he was investigating someone
else it's because the FBI was director
was investigating the president himself
and after firing the director he went on
to let us know that he considered the
investigation when he fired him and then
he tweeted language that would be
intimidation or a warning an admonition
very strong to say the very least
mr. Speaker we cannot allow this to go
unchecked the president is not above the
law it is time for the American people
to weigh in
