I told google and hey I would love to
take this job I know I can crash it for
Google and I really believe Google is
the right place for me but in a couple
years I'm going to want to leave and
start my own company is that okay I got
these summer internships my junior
summer does summer before that I've been
an intern at Blackstone I knew that I
did not like finance and from that
internship I learned that I knew I would
only do a good job in my internship if I
was having fun and was passionate about
what I was doing and then I accidentally
got a part-time job as an anhyzer bush
campus ambassador and I was not
responsible for promoting beer I was
actually responsible for helping them
recruit students from Penn for full-time
jobs that was the first time that a I
realized I loved marketing and so I
ended up going to Google to become a
product marketer full-time as well as an
internship and beats when I realized
that there's a big disconnect between
college students and employers and
that's what led me to way up and so when
I worked at Google over the summer I had
the best time when I got the full-time
job offer in the fall of my senior year
at Penn I was really excited but I also
actually knew that I was very passionate
about starting my own business in about
two years I had this like number in my
mind and so I told Google hey I would
love to take this job I know I can crush
it for Google and I really believe
Google is the right place for me but in
a couple years I'm going to want to
leave and start my own company is that
okay and they said more than okay the
program that you're applying to you know
you can totally you know complete the
program after a couple years and
obviously we would love for you to stay
at Google but if you want to go off and
start another company as long as it's
not competitive to Google we're happy so
