this is the conscious investor presented
by Naveen I'm here with bill emic
professor at Columbia University and
co-author of social value investing so
tell me why did you decide to write this
book you decided to write the book
because we really believe that profit
and purpose can go together that you
don't have to choose one or the other
and in fact I'll go even further than
that if we look at some of the bigger
problems facing the world inequality
climate change opportunities the
disappearance of work automation those
are problems that are not going to be
solved by government alone but they're
not going to be solved by the private
sector alone either so we've been
researching this area for 10 years
trying to find a way that you can be
efficient and do good at the same time
and I think if people have a chance to
take a look at the book they'll see we
found examples from all over the world
and we think there's much more to come
so it's not one or the other it's both
and your book goes a little bit further
than some other socially responsible
books where your job just talking about
that it can be done you're talking about
how it can be done exactly so there are
examples in the book from India from
Brazil from right here in New York City
even believe it or not from Afghanistan
where the three sectors are working
together to make a difference in the
world for people who need a difference
made but also make the economies better
and stronger and right here in New York
City you look at at Central Park and the
High Line there are two examples of
things that are beloved by people from
all over the world but they've been
tremendously good for the New York
economy and why is this cross sector of
partnership such an important part of
making things happen because I believe
one government has gotten very very big
and bureaucratic that's a problem and
number two it's become very contentious
as well as we see every day in the
newspapers if I'm a Democrat and you're
a Republican whatever you say I'm
against and vice versa so it's very hard
for government to get things done so
that's point number one point number two
is the solutions to important problems
like inequality like the environment
require much more than government it's
just not pass a law or passed an edict
or pass a regulation
need to combine the resources that
government has in the scope with the
ingenuity that the private sector has
and then often the third sector as well
to work with communities so they'll
accept it as you see in the changes in
the book without community support on
top of the collaboration between
government in the private sector none of
these things would have happened and you
have one favorite example of how this is
really worked in the past well we love
them all and I Love New York and I'm
from New York so Central Park and the
High Line are really close to my heart
but the one that's most amazing to me
and perhaps the most people is India you
know when most people think of India
they think of poverty they think of
streaming people they think of Gandhi
and they don't recognize that India is
the sixth largest economy in the world
and growing faster than any other large
economy and in India you see in the book
they have created a biometric ID system
which has not only made all their
citizens no matter where they are
eligible for government benefits but
it's become a bank card bringing banking
like Citibank to people in the most
rural sectors of India through emedicine
with a private for-profit Apollo
Medicine you can be diagnosed for brain
problems by one of the best doctors in
the world in Mumbai in your small
village in northern India to me it's
it's almost like science fiction it
really is but it's happening right now
there are all over 1.2 billion people
registered in the system using it and
they you can carry that card you don't
have to carry your driver's license you
don't have to carry your proof of your
mortgage all your important documents
are carried on the card so you go to the
bank you give me a card and they can
approve you for a loan and what did they
do right that allowed them all to work
together Wow I mean I hate the phrase
but that's a great question it really is
the government had this idea in the 90s
and from the 90s all the way until the
middle 2000s it went nowhere because
they didn't have the expertise and when
Modi the current Prime Minister came in
he reached out to their Silicon Valley
- one of the strongest tech sectors in
the world and asked one of their leaders
would you come into the government a
dollar a year and help us put this
system together and that's exactly what
happened so the backbone of the system
is the private sector which serves now
India not just American Express and the
registration was done by 200,000
entrepreneurs that they licensed into
the system to actually get people
registered so it was local international
government private and community all
working together and it's it's not done
there's miles to go but the banking
sector is probably going to triple in
size the wealth of people and
communities and most importantly to me
corruption which was a terrible problem
with government benefits I wouldn't say
it's eliminated but it's reduced
dramatically so benefits all around and
you colle wrote the book with your
former student student and current
colleague Howard Buffett so why did you
guys call it social value investing so
it's a long story I'll try to make it
really short but Howard's grandfather is
Mourne Buffett Berkshire Hathaway value
investing value investing was actually
the theory behind it comes from Columbia
Business School from professors Graham
and Todd who wrote two books in the
1920s and 30s that influenced Warren who
was a student at Columbia Business
School and put the principles to work in
Berkshire Hathaway and as Howard and I
are both committed to making the world a
better place if we as we thought about
how do you do that
the first place we stopped was Berkshire
Hathaway because they've been so
enormous ly successful in taking an idea
of let's take a long-term approach and
we looked at their principles we looked
at Todd and Dodd and Graham and then we
looked at our own experience and we put
together what we think is both a
management and measurement strategy that
can achieve not just profit but also
purpose positive impact so it's not
again it's not the choice let's have
impact investing or let's have
for-profit investing
what's a boat so if you're looking at a
company how do you evaluate whether it's
a good value investment or it's also a
good social value investment well we
have pretty good indicators as everyone
knows for measuring the financial impact
of an investment nothing's a hundred
percent but there's a lot of information
that you can use to analyze the
financial prospects not so much on the
other side not on the impact side so
you'll see in the book an actual measure
that Howard originally developed called
the impact rate of return and the
intention of that is to give you as an
individual as a policy maker as a
manager or as an investor if in fact I'm
committed to renewable energies among
the companies that are providing
renewable energy which one is the most
efficient for each dollar spent which
one has the biggest impact on the
environment and the formula allows you
to decide what that impact is how you
might measure that so it's a
customizable form formula but it gives
you a quantitative measure to compare
different investments in the same space
so it's not quite there to compare
renewable energy with affordable housing
but I think the structure is there and
what we hope over the next five or ten
years that people will start using this
formula perfecting it making it better
and making it like the internal rate of
return just a common measure that
everybody uses and everybody can use to
compare investments and how much overlap
is there if value investing investing
looks at long-term results also is there
a lot of the second one on the same
there's a lot of overlap and as a
management professor I personally
believe that management is one of the
key things you need to look at me you
can look at statistics you can look at
me but if a company is or a government
or a non-profit if their management is
not strong as you saw in the book we
have really five areas or elements
process India is the best example people
Central Park in the High Line
place Afghanistan which shows that they
altered their process to fit the place
portfolio you see from Brazil the
philanthropic sector which is now RM
which has totally risk-free or risk
appetite capital that is they put their
money in they don't expect to get it
back that kind of tiered finance
approach can make things possible that
never would be possible within a sector
and then finally to me the most
important one which is performance
measuring performance and we give good
examples of how you can do that so the
five piece you put them together we also
have a checklist that you can look at to
see if your partnership is well
structured and you're good to go and
last question in the u.s. where would
you most like to see companies working
with other sectors well my own personal
passion my own belief if you really want
to change the world you start with
housing and in some of the most vibrant
economies in the world New York City San
Francisco London Hong Kong Beijing
affordable housing is literally a crisis
everywhere and I personally believe
based on the research that we've done
there are ways to do it in fact the High
Line is a good example whereby that
community is prospered but there's still
2,000 units of public housing right
across the street from the High Line and
a number of the new buildings have a mix
of incomes so I believe the methodology
that we have developed will help people
create affordable opportunities in major
cities around the world and that will
help everyone
you
