in looking back at our investigations
into the mishandling or removal of
classified information we cannot find a
case that would support bringing
criminal charges on these facts if I win
I am going to instruct my Attorney
General to get a special prosecutor to
look into your situation because there
has never been so many lies so much
deception there has never been anything
like it and we're going to have a
special prosecutor
and spin
with respect to the president's tweets
about alleged wiretapping directed at
him by the prior administration I have
no information that supports those
tweets I've found the way to winning
until the combination of Jim Comey's
letter on October 28th and Russian
WikiLeaks look this terrible
it makes me mildly nauseous to think
that we might have had some impact on
the election but honestly it wouldn't
change the decision everybody who
disagrees with me has to come back to
October 28th of me and stare at this and
tell me what you would do
