what not a bad name as many names
possible right this is going to be so
embarrassing
okay we'll start with the UK we've got
Ireland or Airy it's a fan outside oh no
state eat football wrong Jimmy remember
the schnitzel I heard don't have that
story I think three then that's the
country I know here here can I just put
Yugoslavia just generally for the whole
region down Baltic Vulcan plus India and
yeah oh oh we're looking Europe okay
that's useful France
what stuff this big giant country that
Oh God
Turkey would have been bearing strength
of Troy of Ukraine is probably I just
don't know and this is really
embarrassing laughs yeah ba ba ba ba ba
ba ba ba
come on guys Flavio Austria do this no :
2 : only across the wall Latvia okay
this is Germany I want to get the wrong
China
oh not Europe I only say that which is
Greenland which is their market which is
Faroe Island
what Iceland I take no ownership of
there did I really would you say that's
good
