so it's really important I think to
accept the logic of our constitutional
structure I'm Timothy Snyder and the
Levin professor of history at Yale
University and most recently I wrote a
book called on tyranny the logic of our
constitutional structure is not that
Americans are great the logic of our
constitutional structure is that
Americans are people people have
weaknesses when the framers of the
Constitution were setting up our system
they weren't thinking about how wonder
if we went out to be which is a good
thing because we're not always so
wonderful they were thinking about the
structures that would be needed to
preserve a Democratic Republic over time
so the right mood is always skepticism
the framers of the Constitution were
worried that someone might come along at
some point who could be elected
president this is precisely they're
worried who didn't have concern about
the rule of law or about democracy we
are now in that situation up until now
there is nothing in mr. Trump's words or
in his actions which would convince us
or which would even suggest that he
cares even a little bit about democracy
or about the rule of law on the contrary
there are plenty of things he said like
referring to judges that so-called
judges referring to journalists as
enemies of the people talking about
America first and indulging other kinds
of nostalgia for the 1930s which
suggests he doesn't like democracy at
all his admiration tends to be limited
to foreign tyrants so we need to be
skeptical about ourselves and we need to
be more than skeptical about him what I
would say is that our institutions were
set up for a moment just like this one
but they'll only protect us if we
enliven them and if we support them
you
