so the Trump agenda the economic agenda
the corporate tax reform infrastructure
regulatory reform is the right agenda
for growth okay corporate taxes have
been driving capital and brains and
companies overseas for a decade it's
caused huge damage and investment in
jobs and productivity and it was a
mistake we have to fix it and in
counterintuitive that usually helps
middle-class wages and lower wages and
job formation okay the second is
regulatory you talk to anyone involved
in business and forget banks and big
companies talk to small companies to do
it yourself don't ask me because you
know but they'll tell you it's crippling
to them about their formation this small
business formation is the lowest it's
ever been in a major of covering America
and it's for really for two reasons okay
one is one is regulations and the second
is access to capital for people starting
new businesses and those are both relate
to regulation a little bit and then
infrastructure I mean I don't know you
might be shocked to find out we haven't
built a major airport in 20 years okay
China built 75 in the last 10 years you
know it takes 10 years to get all the
permits to build a bridge today 10 years
what happens a good old can-do America
they'll get it done work together we
become this bureaucratic stifling
environment and you know I'm not talk
about violating environmental things
about building the bridge getting things
going getting people work together you
know and you know even some of my
friends noticed there was a bridge in
Cambridge that was being built across
the Charles River and there's a teeny
little bridge it took six years don't
tell me it's not corruption I don't care
how you man that's corruption there's
something wrong with that and are you
confident that some of those regulations
what you described are going to be
addressed and that we're going to start
with this administration's fix England
initially I think the first thing goes
acknowledged whether some of the
problems are I think they've got real
professionals on the ground deeply
respected both of the national security
stage side and the economic side and
they're just staffing up so let them go
at it you know remember it will be up to
them they have to work out with Congress
and Democrats Republicans but you know I
think a lot of these things that are
good for all of America you know let's
get we shall get to Congress whether
you're Democrat or public say let's get
those things done those are good for all
of Americans a lot of these things
you've heard
average Americans so when they look at a
bank and they say well you know the
banks are speaking their own game I am
telling you and I gave an example my
chair misled about mortgages alone what
we've done in mortgage land our
inability to have proper regulation on
mortgages have hurt average Americans
okay the people you know first-time
buyers immigrant buyers prior defaults
self-employed because they can't get a
mortgage okay it's not because and again
it will make a big difference Jake more
chase know what you hurting my fellow
citizens let's go out and say is that
true it is true the fix it you know and
it is true and you know anyone who looks
at would know exploiting one's been in
the business knows it's true do you fill
with the Pride Business Administration
that you and other CEOs have more of a
voice now to to get these things changed
yeah I think the administration is
talking everybody you know and so
they're talking to CEOs they're talking
to unions and I've been told that the
president has Democrats Republicans over
for lunch and dinner and Air Force One
as a head of the BRT you know the CEO
who's Josh Bolten who we recently hire
and I met with a whole bunch of unions
you know but how all we could do is
better for everybody it was a great
meeting we're going to continue five
we're going to try to get people working
together to fix these problems
it takes collaboration it's not going to
work we all hate each other
