are you familiar with 8 USC Section 1182
not off the top of my head no by this
express text of the statute it says
quote whenever the president finds at
the entry of any alien or eventing class
of aliens into the United States would
be detrimental to the interests of the
United States he may by Proclamation and
for such period as he shall deem
necessary suspend the entry of all
aliens or any class of aliens as
immigrants or non immigrants or impose
on the entry of aliens any restrictions
he may deem appropriate would you agree
that that is broad statutory
authorization I would and I am familiar
with that and I'm also familiar with an
additional provision of the ia that says
no person shall receive preference or be
discriminated against in issuance of a
visa because of race nationality or
place of birth that I believe was
promulgated after the statute that you
just quoted in the over 200 years of the
Department of Justice history are you
aware of any instance in which the
Department of Justice has formally
approved the legality of a policy in
three days later the Attorney General
has directed the department not to
follow that policy and to defy that
policy I'm not but I'm also not aware of
a situation where the office of legal
counsel was advised not to tell the
Attorney General about any until after
it was over thank you miss yes
