for all my guys this is so sick
bless car club is a private automotive
club members join they could drive our
cars they can just hang out
my name is michael personnel oh I'm
director of classic car club Manhattan
and I wanted to welcome you to our brand
new club here at Pier 76 in the Hudson
River Park on the West Side Highway of
Manhattan this is our 8,000 square foot
gallery space it's where we keep most of
our cars we are the classic car club but
you can see we do stock more than just
classics in here our definition of
classic it's pretty broad it's whatever
we think has helped progress automotive
culture overall this is on a mechanic
shop so with a fleet of 40-plus exotic
classic quirky old cars they take a lot
of work so this is where the team keeps
everything running smoothly every time a
car goes out with a member it works
perfectly it's because we spend a lot of
time engineering them make sure that
they work really well behind me down
this hallway we have the most advanced
simulator room in the country so we do
all of our racing and competition okay
clock in the ship I'm so used to it I
want to crash
rumour in right now is our bar we
created a beautiful 30-foot hand laid
concrete bar we serve lunch and dinner
for members our food is exquisite very
high-end dining served casually like
everything we do here this is really
good you can come here and have a really
nice meal next to a really cool car
another feature of the new club that
we're really proud of is our huge
outdoor terrace here so we have about
4,000 square feet right on the Hudson
River we do great parties out here we do
barbecues out here it's a really nice
place to drink a glass of rose a when
the Sun is setting as well this is our
bar upstairs cool place have a casual
drink all the stools are all made out of
oil barrels so so he's a little
automotive connection places here
