and so by the time the vote came up to
pass the Affordable Care Act these
freshman congressmen and women knew that
they had to make a choice that they had
a chance to ensure millions and prevent
untold worry and suffering in bankruptcy
and even death but that this same vote
would likely cost them their new seats
perhaps end their political career and
these men and women did the right thing
they did the hard thing theirs was a
Profile in Courage because of that boat
20 million people got health insurance
who didn't have it before and most of
them
and most of them did lose their seats
but they were true to what President
Kennedy defined in his book as a
congressional profile encourage the
desire to maintain a reputation for
integrity that is stronger than a desire
to maintain office and it is my fervent
hope and the hope of millions that
regardless of party such courage is
still possible that today's members of
Congress regardless of party are willing
to look at the facts and speak the truth
even when it contradicts party positions
I hope that current members of Congress
recall that it actually doesn't take a
lot of courage to aid those who are
already powerful already comfortable
already influential but it does require
some courage to champion the vulnerable
and the sick and the infirm those who
often have no access to the corridors of
power I hope they understand the courage
means not simply doing what is
politically expedient but doing what
they believe deep in their hearts is
white
