so practice that for about three months
yeah we'll meet up again great yeah
thanks my name is Bill Bowers and I am a
mime I lived in New York City and
perform and teach mime and physical
theater and just imagine that right in
front of us both a wall appears
imaginary well and you're going to see
it with your eyes so that I'm going to
see what you see yeah and when you touch
the wall it had energy too so when you
touch it it stops your hand just like
that yeah it's just like this right yeah
it's like a real well - so this is
another part of fundamental of pantomime
which is called fixed point
something that's fixed in space so one
part of your body like your hand is
stuck in space but the rest of your body
is completely free look at that here
mister mine there does you of energy and
this imaginary world has energy and
where the two things come together is an
illusion that's where the imagination of
the audience joins you your imagination
meets theirs and together you create and
okay everything you create in pantomime
all illusions are basically just dots
they're just pieces of energy and you
put those dots together to form objects
from the real world you have two points
of energy that the space between them is
very important as well yeah you can move
them anywhere you want and now I'm going
to move this dot to there and move this
tucked in there good and now I can do it
again
so as we practice this one thing we
might look at is now incorporating your
wrist this thing that our risks have
called flexion you can use that
pantomime to be expressive you know and
add this idea of two energies my energy
and the energy of the object rather than
just use a metal arm I'm trying to just
isolate it down to my hands yeah very
good look at that very nice una so we
could after we practice this for a while
we could think about like a tug-of-war
where it's you versus me and the object
it's a shared object going to pull me
I'm definitely here yeah so we're
calling it a tug of war but actually
it's completely a collaboration we're
completely watching each other but then
you have an object in two actors and you
can write a story based on that
