if you're nearing retirement here's some
good news 93% of retirees say that life
is as good as or better than before they
retired here's how to take your
retirement from good to great retirement
doesn't mean you have to give up work if
you don't want to in fact retirees who
continue to work in some capacity or
volunteer are proven to be happier one
study even found they tend to be
healthier the happiest retirees stay
busy with three or four regular hobbies
for example retirees who learn an
instrument have a more positive outlook
better relationships and feel more in
control of their future of the states in
which retirees are happiest perhaps it's
no surprise that Hawaii comes out on top
New Hampshire and North Dakota also rank
in the top five because residents have
supportive relationships and low
financial stress strong relationships
with family especially a spouse promote
happiness for grandparents spending time
with grandchildren provides a proven
boost for both generations
the top driver of retirement happiness
good health it's even more important
than finances developing healthy habits
around diet and exercise can help reduce
future health care costs leaving you
more money to do more of what you love
with careful planning retirement can be
the happiest time in your life it's
worth the wait
