this has to do with how you form habits
but it also has a lot of influence on
every part of our lives the four
tendencies has to do with how you
respond to an expectation and we all
face two kinds of expectations our
expectations which are things like a
work deadline or a request from a
sweetheart and then there are inner
expectation your own desire to keep a
New Year's resolution
your own desire to get back into playing
guitar so upholders readily meet outer
and inner expectations they're going to
meet the work deadlines and keep the New
Year's resolution without much fuss
there are people who usually tend to
like routine and to-do lists that kind
of thing next your questioners
questioners question all expectations
they only do something if they think it
makes sense so in it they meet inner
expectations so they hate anything
arbitrary or inefficient or irrational
their first question is like well why am
I going to listen to you they want
justifications and they're often accused
of asking too many questions
then obligors obligers readily meet out
our expectations but they struggle to
meet inner expectations and I got my
first insight into this tendency when a
friend of mine said I don't understand
it when I was in high school I was on
the track team and I never missed track
practice so why can't I go running now
well when she had a team and a coach
waiting for her she had no trouble
showing up but when she was trying to
work out on her own she struggled and he
may have seen this with people who do
are super productive when they're in an
office environment with a lot of
deadlines and supervision and a team to
report to but then if they go off on
their own and are trying to do their own
thing or do gigs they struggle because
they don't have that outer
accountability finally rebels rebels
resist all expectations outer and inner
alike they want to do what they want to
do when they want to do it in their own
way and if you ask her tell them to do
something they're very likely to resist
the biggest tendency for both men and
women is obligor
people who readily meet our expectations
and struggle to meet in our expectation
and so if you're trying to change a have
it like you want to get yourself to
exercise more or you're trying to get
somebody else to do something like turn
in a report on time it's really helpful
to know their tendencies because then
you know what button to push in order to
get them to listen to you and respond to
you appropriately
you
