one of the most common cases that we see
a case is involving disputes over
whether or not money extended to a
friend or neighbor was either a loan or
a gift if you ask me you know what is
important in order to demonstrate
whether in fact it was a loan or I guess
it is documentation it is written
contracts written understandings even
though it seems rather artificial to
have that kind of interaction with a
friend or a neighbor but we live in a
very modern world one way would be to
send me a text if the person who lent
the money sent a text to the borrower
and said just so that I have this clear
for my own personal records and my tax
purposes I lent you six thousand dollars
for example and you agreed to pay me
back in three months
isn't that true or just just acknowledge
that to me so that I have a record of if
you don't get an answer from the person
then it could appear as if this was just
a self-serving description of the event
and without an acknowledgement of some
kind as to the accuracy or truthfulness
of what was represented in the text it
would still remain problematic
you
