you co-hosted the Today Show with Matt
Lauer for 15 years what is Matt most
annoying habit Heath pensions me on the
Athlon who was your least favorite SNL
guest host when you were on the cast Oh
Joan Allen oh he was a real turd I think
there's an artful way to ask a question
where you can be delicate without being
an ass show the person that you're on
their side you know in whatever way you
can that you have a passion and an
interest in an enthusiasm for them don't
be afraid to ask questions don't be
afraid and don't don't you know over
qualify the question I think people know
that I'm not out to get them I want to
I'm a more of a cheerleader than a foe
so I don't want people to leave mad but
you know I also want them to know that
if they come here that there's an
expectation that we're going to talk
about things that may not be may not
always make them comfortable but that's
also I mean it's a relationship that I
have with the audience to where they
know that I'm going to go there and I
like to go there and I learned how to go
there with the housewives and then it
just kind of translated with celebrities
I mean I like to respect their
boundaries but I like to push it but I
push them in a friendly way so I'll
accept any answer
