one of the most interesting things that
happened to me of course is that I got a
call from OJ Simpson after I appeared on
The Today Show with Jurado my name is
Michael Eric Dyson
I'm University professor of sociology at
Georgetown University and I'm the author
of tears we cannot stop a sermon - white
America
I said look there was nothing black on
OJ but the bottom of his shoes I said
when he took that long slow ride down
the LA freeway and AC cowlings Bronco it
wasn't the first time he took a white
vehicle to escape of black reality well
later that night at home the phone rang
my wife answered it and then the voice
on the end of end of the phone said do I
call you reference or doctor or
professor Dyson it was OJ Simpson and
needless to say I was scared and I
responded you could call me Mike you
don't have to call me dr. Dyson because
OJ had me shook he had me scared and he
wanted to engage me talk to me
I was certainly afraid of mr. Simpson
and when I saw his lawyer Johnnie
Cochran later I said why don't you get
that brother my number I know he killed
white people do he killed black people
that was remarkable to me because OJ was
highly intelligent highly articulate
knowing the ins and outs of his defense
and yet to my mind absorbed in such a
fashion that he didn't understand some
of the larger implications racially
speaking of what his trial represented
one of the things the OJ Simpson case
did in America was created a race quake
it upended all the meanings we thought
had been settled about race in America
black people had been trying to
communicate to white America that there
was a problem with racial justice in
America we've been saying for decades
even for a century or more that the
criminal justice system was wrong was
criminally negligent of black people
that the police departments of America
had often been an occupying force in
black America that the law enforcement
had a brutalizing impulse when it came
to black and brown people in America but
we couldn't be heard and so with the OJ
Simpson verdict it was finally time for
black America to be heard many white
people said there was a mountain of
evidence many black people saw that
there was a police force that was often
out to do dirty deeds to black people
that might have even framed OJ Simpson
the verdict in the OJ Simpson case was a
reflection of the fraught racial differ
and racial tensions in America and as a
result have to be interpreted that way
they have not tried to give me her yeah
no no J gonna be out of jail through
