the leadership is about two things
influencing outcomes and inspiring
others not about the job title it's not
about you can positional Authority or
that corner office it's about your
ability to influence so if where you are
you're an individual contributor you
don't have a management role I would say
a really great place to start is
reflecting on yourself do the people
around me see me as somebody who is
credible and then think about yourself
as a person who can help facilitate team
building one thing that is consistent
across most organizations I work with is
that service based leadership is in
demand service based leadership is
something direct from I would say all
military branches but it's at the
foundation at the heart of what I
learned in the Marine Corps and it was
as a leader I have to prioritize the
needs of those around me and make sure
that they are met and their needs are
more important than mine I mean
certainly I have needs myself but when
you prioritize your team what you're
able to do is transform a group of
individuals who perhaps have their own
interest into a team that's focused on
the team needs whenever we are a part of
a team we have to give up something to
gain the benefits of the team and so
service based leadership you know to me
and this is what we write about and
spark it's just the idea that you have
to really serve the team and in turn
they're seeking to serve you and that's
what makes teams so tight how can you
facilitate service how can you as an
individual contributor help build a team
among the colleagues around you it may
feel at times like a thankless quest it
may feel at time but you're the only one
doing it but I can share with you
honestly if you step up and serve those
around you you're going to build that
team
you
