don't spend money that you haven't
earned to buy things that you don't need
to impress people that you don't like
first of all we need to define what
successes success is the progressive
realization of worthy goals success is
the ability to love and have compassion
and success is to get in touch with that
part of you which is always centered and
which is infinitely creative if you want
to be successful financially recognize
financial success career success
physical well-being emotional well-being
spiritual well-being are all closely
interdependent if you want to be
financially secure then don't spend
money that you haven't earned to buy
things that you don't need to impress
people that you don't like which is what
most people are doing and then they're
stressed so financial security comes
from knowing how to balance basically
what you earn with what you spend but
ultimately financial success comes from
career well-being which is you're driven
by purpose and passion you're using
strengths that you have you know how to
bond emotionally with people that you
work with and you complement each
other's strengths if you can do that
shared vision complementing strengths
emotional bonding purpose meaning and
passions you're on your way to financial
success as well
