my name is Daniel Brown I'm a reporter
and photographer for Business Insider I
was recently down in McAllen Texas down
the rio grande valley to cover the
immigration crisis that's been going on
I reached out to the whore patrol for
that sector and try to get a ride-along
finally they granted it the Rio Grande
Valley sector accounts for about 40% of
the apprehensions in the United States
McAllen station specifically is about
20% of the entire nation and we catch
about 300 individuals a day just in this
50-mile span of work they first took me
on on a boat just drove up and down the
Rio Grande they're looking for crossers
most people will cross on rafts or boats
they're just kind of deflated rafts on
the side of the coast there that's from
people crossing over
we get off periodically and just kind of
take little trails and walk around a lot
of times they would look for tracks and
see some faint ones like okay we know
someone passed through here you know a
couple days ago or a day ago or
something like that their main job is
obviously to keep the border safe and
apprehend people who are crossing
illegally but also as they told me it's
a humanitarian mission as well you know
whether it's Mexicans or Americans or
any other citizen of the world you know
who's passing through they want to try
to keep those people safe that's kind of
one of the difficulties of the job is
you have to switch on and off
humanitarian mission to this guy trying
to take your life or Patrol agents are
killed are shot at they find dead bodies
a lot they you know experienced witness
law a trauma one agent who operates
mostly on the boats he said that you
know sometimes they'll find a raft or or
a little boat trying to get across and
they'll be packed with you know ten or
more people or something like that
sometimes they'll just throw a kid off
into the water just because they know
that the agents will go for the kid
right away to save them we went up and
down along the river there for a while
we're and a lot of sugar cane it's very
dense and they were talking about the
difficulties of tracking people through
that how a lot of times people can just
run into that and we'll just never find
them even if they have dogs you cordon
off this field and try to surround it
even they even when we have a canine
just to come in so that
you know follow and smell the people
he gets overloaded
so it
it's a big big challenge sugar cane
after that we drove around for a little
bit a lot of stray dogs walking around
and the agents even said you know they
use the dog sometimes to kind of
decipher if someone's in the area these
dogs at times will give you a heads up
because with experience you start to see
that they weren't barking before but
then they begin to bark so they'll kind
of give you a little heads-up that
somebody's in the area or something's in
the area the people that live along the
borders you know I spoke to some of them
who have people crossing through their
their property who've been there for
years and it happens almost daily and
they'll ruin their crops and I met one
family who was shot people who crossed
into their property those landowners
when I went and visited they said to
come back in a few hours and I did and
that's when I told me oh you missed it
and then they drove me out in their
little four-wheeler and showed me like
the tracks those tracks were like you
know an hour old when I took them a lot
of these people that are crossing over
illegally or going the ports of entry
they've had tough lives and they're
they're trying to escape violence
they're trying to you know get a better
life and that's something I think that
we should we should realize and
understand as a country but at the same
time you know people like the Border
Patrol agents their lives are at risk
sometimes people on all sides of the
issue are going through tough things
sometimes and I think we think we need
to see all aspects of that
