I will I meant the title to be why women
can't have it all dot dot yet right I
was never saying that women can't do
exactly what men can do I was just
saying we've got a long way to go but no
the shock to me was that when the chips
were down and our son really needed both
of us there I would have told you wait a
minute but this is my dream job and my
husband was there and he'd be fine and
what but when the chips were down it was
clear to me that no matter how ambitious
I was and I wanted that job and I wanted
the next one this was the right thing to
do and once I realized that it's not
that I think every woman should make my
choice or in every man men and women
make different choices but I came to
understand all those women who are
really forced because their work won't
let them do both or because they have a
divorce or because a child with special
needs or a husband who just won't do it
or is earning much more money they don't
they feel like somebody's got to be
there and now I really respect that
choice but what I tell people is when
you're 25 remember who you were at 15 I
think you're really different now think
okay I changed that much between 15 and
25 I'm going to change that much again
between 25 and 35 so at 25 I wasn't
thinking about kids I mean they were in
some just it'll add my thirties were a
distant land at 35 all I could think
about was how do I have a baby and you
know so again and then 35 to 45 so what
I tell people is you already have
changed that much assume that you cannot
know right now who you will be 10 years
around
