the first one would definitely be the
level of self-critical thought that
people get caught up in we have these
things called sinking traps and when
we're having a lot of negative emotions
we tend to catastrophize we get lost in
these thinking traps of beating
ourselves up and we begin to have this
mental filter where we only see the
negative things and ignore the positives
we forget about gratitude and that kind
of leads to the next thing I think
people ignore a lot which is many people
have heard of the fight-or-flight
response there's a cousin to the
fight-or-flight response it's called the
tendon befriend response and that is in
any quality of us to reach out to
someone for help we have a hormone even
built into us called oxytocin that is
expressed and it's telling us reach out
for help call a friend tell someone
what's going on and when we do that our
cortisol level goes down we feel better
the third thing that contributes to
unhappiness that I see is the way we
ignore our body the way we grow our
brain cells the way we tell our brain to
grow is we have to move we are meant to
move and the second we sit down for more
than 20 minutes our body begins to shut
down we are not meant to be still
you
