paid leave sadly the United States is
one of the only countries in the world
the only developed country in the world
that doesn't have a paid leave policy
for the benefit of families so that is
something I'm very very proud of my
father's advocacy long before he came
into the presidency the during the
campaign including in the primaries he's
been a tremendous champion of supporting
families and enabling them to thrive in
the new reality of you you delay or the
the reaction from from from the audience
so I need to address one more point some
attitudes towards women your father has
publicly displayed in in former times
might leave one questioning whether he
is such a such an empowerment you relate
to that or are things changing or what's
your comment on that I've certainly
heard the criticism from the media and
that's been perpetuated but I know from
personal experience and I thank the
thousands of women who have worked with
and for my father for decades when he
was in the private sector are a
testament to his beliefs and solid
conviction in the potential of women I
grew up in a house where there was no
barriers to what I could accomplish
beyond my own perseverance and my own
tenacity and I don't take that lightly
as a parent now myself that's not an
easy thing to do and and he did that and
he provided that for us there was no
difference from me and my brothers and I
think as as a business leader you saw
that and as the president you will
absolutely see that
