I think for me the thing that's always
gotten me to the next level is passion
and excitement that's genuine and
authentic for whatever I'm doing and I
think that that can be infectious
and appealing to people if you really
are excited and confident about your
brand or your job or your organization
or what you're doing and you know I
think that that's I think that
positivity and passion kind of translate
sometimes into confidence and having
your together even though you may
not and that's a good thing how do you
be persistent without being annoying I
don't know if I know the answer to that
because you're dealing also with someone
else's mood and you can't control that
because if you keep coming at someone
and they want no part of it and you know
but if they see something in you that
they want to help then they will I think
there might be some charm that goes in
there and some pluck and some luck which
is why you just also have to keep trying
