see I think organizations work well when
they have a leader that has a vision to
take that organization to a better place
and then you have followers in that
organization that buy-in now if the
leader gets off track why are the
followers blindly following they
shouldn't and there are leaders within
the followers followers right and
somebody should have said something not
just in that but in so many things you
know Wells Fargo there's a perfect
example of opening phony accounts now
there were people inside that
organization that complained but the
managers didn't listen so I think what
we need to do is realize that the values
matter that the virtues good not look
I'm anybody who talks about these kinds
of things can be hoisted on their own
self righteous petard that's it you can
google that here's here's the thing
we're all hypocrites we all say one
thing and do another but why don't we
try to do what we say more than what we
don't and so when I look at United I see
a breakdown threw out that company but
not just a guy at the top but I think
also the people that were there that day
saying you know that's not the way to
treat a human being my wife says that
the problem is John when you ask people
to speak up and they have mortgages and
kids it's tough and it is tough but
maybe that's why the managers and the
leaders within an organization need to
stand up and the reason why this wind
viral is because people feel like nobody
cares about them right oh I'm just not
passenger on a plane I'm a widget
they're going to yank me off you know
and people are now saying wait a minute
that's not right see there is a growing
sense in this country that this being
disconnected is not good and there's
also some people that are staying in
their silos who don't want to come out
but we have to pull them out and we have
to pull ourselves together again
