the toughest challenge for me on Top
Chef was to cook a 20-pound turkey into
a toaster oven literally had a toaster
oven and he was raining - it was outdoor
on a Foo Fighter concert and I have to
cook this bird that is time and I half
the size of the oven and microwave oh my
god you've got to be me all the tables
are set up outside and there's not a
refrigerator anywhere that's not a
freezer anywhere oh it's all microwave
we have one burner and nothing else but
microwaves and toaster ovens to cook off
on so I I got two oven I rip the front
handle off I put the turkey in the
middle I put the oven and they sucked it
in literally i sucker this things in and
I fall in a kind of rap day with
aluminum was very dangerous because it
was raining there was no door on the
oven so literally there's a - oven -
like shoe box pressed with each other
turn on and it's pouring raining on this
things is like smoke and dental
everywhere and the turkey was fantastic
turkey really turn out good actually
yeah I never made TV Dobby was a very
very against every logical and
common-sense rule of savetti so it
couldn't mater on TV but it was great
