we have to consciously choose to spend
more time on the parts of our jobs that
drew us to our jobs in the first place
if you're describing your job to someone
else at a cocktail party it probably
sounds really cool and then you're like
well I'm not spending that much time on
the cool part of my job so how can I do
that and one of the best things you can
do is recognize that certain aspects of
work will expand to fill all available
space certainly email we have to
consciously choose to spend less time on
email and carve out time for the
important work that matters to us and
one good way to do this is to do kind of
a power our first hour of the work day
come in before you start going on
answering emails just focus on whatever
your top priority task is for the day
crank it out you can probably make great
progress in that first hour and you can
do a kind of pro level version of this
especially if you're already doing that
Power Hour try to carve out Monday
morning for whatever is most important
to you and particularly for sort of
speculative important but not urgent
work that you're going to have a hard
time carving out time for if you do it
Monday morning it's kind of the
equivalent of paying yourself first if
you have ever tried to save money you
know financial people will tell you that
if you want to build well if you gotta
save first because if you wait until the
end of the month to save what's left
over shockingly there's often not that
much left over the same thing with
choosing to spend Monday morning on
whatever is that high priority but not
urgent project it will get done and then
the week can get away from you and it
will stuff is going to come up but at
least you'll devoted that time to
something that matters to you
