one of the questions I get most often
when people are thinking of pivoting is
what if it doesn't work out I really
suggest that everybody ask themselves
what does failure mean to me because
often when we unpack failure you'll see
that there are some internal concerns
which are often gremlins like oh you're
not smart enough you're not good enough
you're not talented enough and then
their external based concerns well how
will you pay the rent if XYZ goes down
so when you can parse out your fears and
really understand which of these can be
addressed in practical terms and you can
make a game plan for and which of these
are just going to come with the
territory of doing something new of
having an adventure and I'm certainly
not someone that says don't have fear
crusher fear or smash it or fear is just
trying to help what's a more productive
question you can be asking so instead of
saying well what can i what if I fail or
at least leaving it just at that ask
yourself for in my case I said well what
if I earn twice as much in half the time
how can you frame up a big kind of
all-encompassing questions actually
really thrilling that's really
compelling so for me every time what if
I fail I would say well what if I earn
twice as much in half the time and in
doing that you start to train your brain
to be open to not just the worst case
scenario but the best case scenario so
when you really unpack your fear of
failure you might come to realize that
your biggest regret would be staying in
place out of fear would be putting your
life on hold or staying stagnant simply
out of fear and that for so many people
I talk to you while interviewing for the
book ultimately they felt great just to
know that they tried
