picture this you've just been taken
hostage you've been roughly handled
you've been found with duct tape or zip
ties and you've been thrown into a room
you only need two things to break out of
these illegal restraints you need time
and you need a chance to do the
techniques that we're going to show you
let's say your captors use zip ties to
restrain you you can break out of these
with something as simple as a shoelace
as long as your shoelaces are made out
of 550 cord 550 cord heats up and
becomes abrasive once friction is
applied to it
so you've been abducted or your internet
date went horribly wrong here's how you
can get out of duct tape handcuffs find
any rough straightedge this could be the
edge of a table the edge of a chair even
a door jamb and saw the duct tape to
weaken it
once it sufficiently weakened you should
be able to break it
