marijuana is very popular and very
controversial it can have a ton of
effects on your body from making you
feel relaxed and you forward to giving
you dry mouth and red eyes one of its
more interesting effects is making you
feel really hungry but what exactly does
we do to your brain and body that makes
you just want to keep eating the active
ingredient in marijuana is
tetrahydrocannabinol more commonly known
as THC once in your blood it takes just
seconds for the chemical to reach your
brain our brains process information
when neurons pass signals to one another
through chemicals called
neurotransmitters THC resembles a
natural neurotransmitter called an and
amide and both of these chemicals are in
the same class of compounds referred to
as cannabinoids a Yale study conducted
on mice found that cannabinoids seemed
to interfere with the behavior of a
special group of cells called P om C
neurons they're found in the
hypothalamus the part of the brain that
helps regulate many of the body's key
processes like heart rate and
temperature these neurons usually send
out a chemical signal to tell your brain
that you're full in the mice the THC
turned off adjacent cells that are
supposed to tell pomt neurons to slow
down so activity of these neurons
actually increase so if an appetite
suppressing neuron is sending out more
signals than normal you think your
appetite would be suppressed right well
not quite
the THC also activated a receptor inside
the pomt neurons
causing the cell to start producing
endorphins which actually increase
appetite so the mice ended up eating
more not less so basically cannabinoids
just completely confused this function
of your hypothalamus they ramped up
activity of P OMC neurons while
completely flipping their functionality
and while not every scientist agrees
with this explanation most people would
agree that smoking pot definitely makes
you hungry
