I just got back from Burger King they
got this new Froot Loops milkshake and
it looks super delicious so I rushed to
my nearest Burger King to try one and
here's how it went from what I can tell
by glancing at the menu it is a
milkshake with bits of Froot Loops in it
there's an assortment of fruit flavors
and fruit loops hence the fruit part of
the fruit loops and they're in little
loops hence the loose part of fruit
loops and they've recently been crushed
up and put into Burger King milkshake so
of course I had to go try one because
you know believe it or not I have no
idea how much a milkshake should
actually cost this one with tax was like
over five blocks it seems kind of
expensive it was pretty big I don't know
what it is like a pint at sixteen ounces
maybe I had the option to put whipped
cream on top of it which of course I
said yes because what maniac wouldn't
get the whipped cream my first thought
it looked a little strange you can see
like the little crumbs of Froot Loops
kind of floating in there and sort of
starting to regret my decision but man
when I got that first sip no regrets
baby this thing is awesome I'm not the
biggest milkshake guy I think like
chocolate milkshakes are kind of gross
and strawberry vanilla not really that
into a bun this one's actually pretty
good what kind of a lot but overall yeah
I thought it was really great I
definitely recommend it celebrity chef
Christina Tosi has a chain of
restaurants called milk bars and the
famous among other things for having
these cereal flavored milks or cereal
flavored milkshakes
I don't know if Burger King is aware of
these things but their Froot Loops
milkshake tasted just like one of those
cereal milk milkshakes I mean almost
exactly
you
