you know and some of his the things that
he wants to do I think are all right
just from a strategic standpoint in
terms of improving relations with Russia
I tried like heck when I was in CIA in
the White House to to have better
relationships with the Russians and I
traveled out there a number of times I
had you know regular not regular but
it's a fairly regular phone interactions
with my Russian counterparts and I
wanted to believe that they wanted that
a relationship with us as well I must
say the Russians feigned sincerity
better than anyone I know and it was
really quite frustrating and I dealt
with them a lot on Syria and they would
promise that they would work with us and
try to restrain the Syrian government
from military from carrying out these
atrocious attacks and they wouldn't and
so I lost faith in their willingness an
interest to do the right thing but it's
very important for global stability for
the United States and Russia to have
much better relationship
