$250,000 is code for we won't sell it to
you
we either specialize in very old plants
plants that are growing in a very rare
and unique way or very rare plants we
don't sell a lot of young plants and
pristine plants actually a lot of the
plants here are the same plants that you
see at Home Depot they're just 30 years
older or 40 or 80
it's a plant called Helios eros tenuous
critically endangered plant that we
acquired from a researcher who spent
most of his life studying rare Munez in
Argentina and Patagonia this particular
plant comes from north of Lima Peru and
in the last ten years its populations
have gone from 500 individual plants in
habitats to 150 and it's believed that
the plant will be completely extinct in
the next ten years we acquired this
plant but we're also profoundly
uncomfortable about relocating it and
there's so few of them that there's not
a lot of information about the plan how
to grow it what it wants but right now
it's extremely happy in our greenhouse
in Los Angeles we sort of have it on our
website sort of as a joke but yeah we're
not.we myself
so we get our plants from all different
places a lot of times we get them from
other collectors and Special Collections
conservatories growers all over plants
coming from all over the world you know
it's kind of a difficult business
because you we don't just go to a
supplier and get everything we need from
that from one or two people we have to
sort of really hunt we're more like an
adoption agency in some ways you know
we're not going to send a dog to someone
who's gonna put it in a cage similarly
we are going to send plants into a good
situation and sometimes we have to turn
people away because they see these
organisms as decoration dioscorea
elephant cheapest is favorite they're
really fantastic they look like a stone
it's essentially a big rare beautiful
potato it's related to the yam but they
grow a vine it's called the Codex plant
it stores water in its codex and then
the vine can grow if there's no rain it
has enough energy and that organ to to
grow a vine and to photosynthesize and
then when it rains it grows this plant
will grow for 80 to 100 years and can
grow up to one square meter in size and
it will continue to put put out it's
fine every season
