I was pitched over before over ever
raised a single dollar so Travis is CEO
of the company I saw him at South by
Southwest and he started pitching me
this company where a black car would
just show up and pick you up would you
want want a black card like just took a
cab and he's like no no no but you just
push a button it's like when one of that
three black cars can't they just be any
cut you know and I passed on it and then
and then the more I started to realize
what it was that there was a product
market fit there I went holy smokes this
is gigantic and Coulter I was backup you
know I would say the same thing happen
like probably the first time I heard
about Airbnb I went who's gonna want to
strangers sleeping on their couch like
isn't that a little like with like couch
surfing or like what like and I think
that great companies Peter teal actually
wrote a book on this he's talking about
how the the foundation of oftentimes the
foundation of great companies are
extraordinarily counterintuitive where
the founders have some data nodes that
would suggest that the intuition
relative to a certain sector is wrong or
that there's some fundamental intuition
that is wrong and that when you unveiled
that fundamental intuition to be wrong
you actually find an entire pasture of
green grass that nobody else is building
in because of the fundamental intuition
that is that has been an assumption of
so many people for so long that they've
never actually built into that sector
and thus new sectors are born
