strategic patience has been the approach
of the last American administration and
Beyond for more than two decades the
United States and our allies have worked
peacefully dismantle North Korea's
nuclear program and alleviate the
suffering of their people but at every
step of the way North Korea answered our
overtures with willful deception broken
promises and nuclear and missile tests
over the past 18 months North Korea has
conducted two unlawful nuclear tests in
an unprecedented number of ballistic
missile tests even conducting a failed
missile launch as I traveled here for
this visit the era of strategic patience
is over
earlier this month President Trump met
with Chinese President Xi at the
southern White House
the two leaders noted the urgency of the
threat posed by North Korea's weapons
programs and each of them reaffirmed
their commitment to a denuclearized
Korean Peninsula during that meeting on
April the 7th they also committed to
fully implement UN Security Council
resolutions and to increase cooperation
to convince North Korea to abandon its
illicit weapons program it is heartening
to see China commit to these actions but
the United States is troubled by China's
economic retaliation against South Korea
for taking appropriate steps to defend
itself the better path would be for
China to address the North Korean threat
that is actually making such defensive
measures necessary now while issues like
that remain the president and I have
great confidence that China will
properly deal with North Korea but as
president Trump made clear just a few
short days ago if China is unable to
deal with North Korea the United States
and our allies will
