so the way to start the discussion about
comparisons is to point out that
Americans are extremely lazy about
history I mean that's one way in which
we're definitely number one among major
nations I'm Timothy Snyder and the Leben
professor of history at Yale University
and most recently I wrote a book called
on tyranny and one of the ways we're
lazy about history is that as soon as
anyone suggests that the past might be
useful then we say but wait it's not
exactly the same and therefore I'm just
going to discard it and that way in two
or three seconds we give ourselves an
excuse not to think about history the
premise of the book on tyranny is not
that Hitler is just like Tom for
compasses like Hitler the premise is
that Democratic Republic's usually fail
and it's useful for us to see how they
fail one of the ways that Democratic
Republic's can fail is Germany in 1933
there are plenty of other examples in
the book also from the left-wing by
Czechoslovakia in 1948 becoming
communist the point of the book is that
these things really happened over and
over again and that intelligent people
no less intelligent than us experienced
them and left a record for us to learn
from so what I'm trying to do in the
book is to help us to learn from that
record so we don't have events like
Germany in 1933 or Czechoslovakia in
1948 just saying Hitler's not not like
Trump
so Trump is not like Hitler isn't going
to save us learning from the past though
could
you
