I have the best job in the world is no
doubt about it what is my job
description I go wherever I want to go I
make wildly self-indulgent
television about my experiences with as
little interference and as much creative
control as anyone has ever enjoyed in
the history of television I get to play
in an ever-expanding a toy box of
storytelling devices and I enjoy that
process I think the only thing I really
did write you know worth offering is
advice to others as far as if you're
looking to do what I do if you're lucky
enough to get a break in this area don't
screw up I really don't know how I got
mine I took one dead-end job after the
other I dropped out of college I took a
dead-end dishwashing job I screwed up
every opportunity that was ever handed
to me I became addicted to drugs I hurt
and disappointed people pretty much
relentlessly throughout my life and then
wrote a freakishly successful but
obnoxious memoir of my experiences and
it took off you don't get a lot of lucky
breaks
I've worked hard since I appreciated my
good fortune when it arrived at age 44
and I have made a real effort to not
screw up since that time so I asked
myself every day when presented with
opportunities will this give me cause to
regret this make me miserable unhappy or
hate myself
