for once a major studio legal department
was fair they said we could take the
title The Fast and the Furious and you
could sue us and you would probably lose
but it would be a big mess what we like
to do we want to be fair will pay a
little bit of money and buy the title
and I said the universal okay I'll take
a small amount of money but I would like
to have free access to your stock
footage library and they agreed and I
did indeed use that stock footage and
got a very big looking picture out of it
I took the stock footage from their TV
series spartacus and cut them together
with a picture called Cyclops which I
made for the sci-fi channel and I got a
letter from Tom by tally the head of the
sci-fi channel saying Cyclops is the
biggest and best picture anybody has
ever made for sci-fi courtesy of the
fast and the furious
