this is the conscious investor presented
by Nuveen I am here with Jeffrey
Hollander the former CEO and founder of
seventh generation also an adjunct
professor of business sustainability and
weiu Stern so you created a sustainable
business can you tell me what
sustainability means to you
well sustainability means a systematic
approach to thinking about the total
impact a business has on the planet as
well as society and we often are overly
focused on the environmental dimension
and it's critical that we think about
how people are treated people that work
at the company people in the supply
chain and issues like employee ownership
are as much a part of sustainability as
lowering co2 emissions and why is that
important why does that make a company
more sustainable is it from a business
perspective or for Humanities for both
really I mean yes it's good for Humanity
but it's better for business so if you
treat your employees well if you allow
them to be owners of the company they're
more loyal they're more productive
there's less turnover and Harvard has
done a study that actually shows that
this translates all the way down to
earnings per share in companies that are
sustainable that treat their employees
better and what's the main thing that
you would impart on companies that are
maximizing for shareholder profit what's
the one thing that they should really
change to be more sustainable from a
business perspective
yeah well sustainability is going to
improve your financial performance and
that's what people don't understand
people think it's a trade-off am I going
to be a nice good citizen and treat the
environment well or am I going to
maximize profits and the truth is you
will perform better financially by doing
things like having a great
sustainability program by having women
on your board and in your senior
management and by treating your
employees well and ensuring that their
owners of the company those things
translate into better financial
performance we see a lot of different
types of sustainable or socially
responsible business there's be corpse
now we have Tom's one
one seventh-generation is built on
environmentally sustainable products
what different business models work and
which ones which ones are the most
effective sure so I think the gold
standard is B corporations sustain
natural as a B corporation seventh
generation is a big corporation there's
thousands of companies that have gone
through this process so that's really
really I think the best gold standard
but there's also organizations like the
American Sustainable Business Council
that has hundreds of thousands of
members and that is a terrific
organization to be part of if you want
to influence public policy because
remember there's only so much companies
can do we also have to change the
business landscape to change things like
such short term focus on investing if we
have you know rules where you get long
term capital gains treatment after 12
months that's not helping from a
sustainability perspective because we
need to think in a much longer-term
fashion and what would you like to see
change the most of American America
policy wise to help businesses think
long term well I think we need a variety
of things we need a price on carbon
because it doesn't work to try to
encourage companies to emit less carbon
when they can emit it for free I also
think that we need to see higher minimum
wages I think moving towards $15 is the
right thing to do it's good for business
it's good for our country we have to
deal with issues like wealth inequality
we have a tremendous inequality in this
country much more than people realize
one out of six people use food stamps so
we've got to take care of our workforce
better than we do we also need to deal
with things like you know creating a
longer-term framework so we need to take
the way capital gains are treated and
give better incentives to people that
make 10 20 30 year investments making a
one-year investment is not what we
should consider a long term for people
that want to create socially responsible
companies that aren't necessarily
nonprofits
are focused only on social social
responsibility how do they do that
what advice Jeff well again there's
great tools like B Corporation and the
American Sustainable Business Council
there's also organizations like The
Social Venture Network and business for
social responsibility these are all
organizations in tools that will help
companies move down the road towards
becoming more responsible and more
sustainable I've written a bunch of
books seven to be exact and the
responsibilty revolution talks about
what are the best practices and how to
put them into work and you're working on
an eighth book about having a net
positive impact can you explain to me
what your thesis is sure you know we've
become very focused in the world of
sustainability about being less bad less
co2 emission less water pollution less
waste and what we really need to do is
turn that on its head and think about
what does it mean to be a truly good
company where you leave the world every
day better off than it was the day
before not how we minimize our negative
impact and can I ask what's the what do
you teach in the first day of your class
at NYU Stern
well I start with this whole question of
values because I think if you're gonna
be a responsible sustainable business
leader you really need to be clear about
what your values are and what means the
most to you and what you're going to use
to steer the direction of your business
and you know it's it's interesting but
you know college students are just in
the beginning phase of formulating those
ideas so we start with values and
philosophy and beliefs we then also talk
about systems thinking because we think
about things in a very very
compartmentalized way we don't think
about the interrelationship between
things and so we also do a session on
systems thinking and that's where we
start we get to business plans and
financial forecasts and all those other
things but we need to lay the groundwork
first for what is required to be a real
responsible sustainable leader and what
does that mean exactly systems thinking
Systems thinking means I'm
if we think about many decisions that
companies make they make a decision that
makes sense within the narrow guardrails
that they're thinking and often those
guardrails are shareholder performance
you know what is good for my
shareholders this quarter and the
problem is that often leads to very bad
decisions if we think about what's
happening with corporate stock buybacks
we have a raging market where companies
are buying back their stock they're
spending more money buying back their
stock than they are on investing in
research and development that's not a
good trend from a long-term perspective
that will not leave us a strong country
with great competitive advantages
against other businesses stock buybacks
are great for pushing up the stock price
in the short term pushing up options so
that people can exercise them and make
money but those are not things that
companies should be spending that much
money on if they're thinking about
making long-term decisions
you
