he did in fact suffer a significant
concussion as a result of disembarking
that plane and I can also tell you that
he had a serious broken nose injury to
the sinuses and he is gonna be
undergoing shortly reconstructive
surgery in that regard there have been a
lot of enquiries about that he really
lose any teeth yeah he lost two front
teeth but the concussions are sort of a
iffy condition i I I don't know you know
ultimately long term hopefully there
will not be any significant
repercussions because of that but he is
he's he's shaken here's what he told me
he said that he left Vietnam in 1975
when Saigon fell and he was on a boat
and he said he was terrified he said
that being dragged down the aisle was
more horrifying and harrowing than what
he experienced in leaving Vietnam
