so this is where I finally admit that I
to listen to every book that we've ever
covered in our book club every single
one audible has legitimately changed my
life three major reasons that I started
using audible one the app really works
well for me ease of the buttons the play
and pause is the only real button and
you can jump forward or backward thirty
Seconds without even opening the app if
I start listening to my book on the way
to work and then I'm walking home for
work I can just hit the headphones
button and it starts playing again but
this is the real reason that I love
audible is because it has made Aeryn fun
I like relish the time that I just get
to walk around or go and pick stuff up
if I have to clean up or there's
something that I have to do around the
house I can listen to a book for that
and it's just a lifesaver it has made
all that so much more fun
finally the performances I always
associated audiobooks with sort of dry
performances from what I remember in the
car with the CDs you would rent from the
library and now it is incredible the
level that they have I have become a fan
of narrators on audible not just authors
if you want to sign up for a
subscription to audible or try out a
free month please use our link it won't
cost you anything extra but it will make
us some money which will help support vi
video
