it is our policy for a unified Syria
that is governed by the people of Syria
I think it is it's clear to all of us
that the reign of the Assad family is
coming to an end but the question of how
that ends and the transition itself
could be very important in our view to
the durability the stability inside of a
unified Syria and and its stability and
durability of the outcome going forward
so that's why we are not presupposing
how that occurs but I think it is clear
that we see no for the role for the
Assad regime longer term given that they
have effectively given up their
legitimacy with these type of attacks I
think it's also worth thinking about
Russia has really aligned itself with
the Assad regime the Iranians and
Hezbollah is that a is that a long-term
alliance the service of Russia's
interest or would Russia prefer to
realign with the United States with
other Western countries and Middle East
countries who are seeking to resolve the
Syrian crisis we want to relieve the
suffering of the Syrian people we want
to create a future for Syria that is
stable and secure and so Russia can be a
part of that future and play an
important role or Russia can maintain
its alliance with this group which we
believe is not going to serve Russia's
interests longer term but only Russia
can answer that question
