I kneel and gorsek do solemnly swear
I kneel M for such you solemnly swear
that I will administer justice without
respect to persons I administer justice
without respect to persons and do equal
right to the poor and to the rich and do
equal right to the poor and that I will
faithfully and impartially discharge and
perform and that I will faithfully and
impartially discharge and perform all
the duties incumbent upon me all the
duties incumbent upon me as Associate
Justice of the Supreme Court of the
United States as Associate Justice of
the Supreme Court of the United States
under the Constitution and laws of the
United States and the Constitution and
laws of the United States so help me God
so I see before me so many to whom I owe
so much I know I would not be here today
without your friendship and support
thank you all from the bottom of my
heart I want to thank the president for
nominating me and for the great
confidence and trust he's reposed in me
I want to thank the vice president for
his constant encouragement and
friendship throughout this process it's
not possible to mention here everyone
I should mention but I'd be remiss if I
didn't thank the president's counsel Don
McGann and mark Paletta the vice
president's counsel and every single
person in the White House counsel's
office for their tremendous and tireless
support I want to thank Kelly Ayotte in
my day to day team
for their humor for their sage advice
for their faith as we spent months and
so many miles trooping together through
the senate complex i want to thank every
single person and there are so many in
the White House and the Department of
Justice who work through so many late
nights and long weeks on my behalf I
want to thank to Senator McConnell and
Senator Grassley and their excellent
teams for their support and leadership
and I must thank my former law clerks
and my dear friends who gave so much of
themselves so selflessly through these
last three months you are dear to me
this is truly your doing and this is
your day I wish I could mention each of
you by name
but you know who you are and you know
your names are etched in my heart
forever this process is reminded me just
how outrageously blessed I am in my law
clerks and my family and my friends
and I hope that I may continue to rely
on each of you as I face this new
challenge my former colleagues and the
wonderful staff of the 10th circuit I
thank you for your faithful service in
your friendship over so many years to my
new colleagues and the staff of the
Supreme Court thank you for the very
warm welcome I look forward to many
happy years together and I cannot tell
you how honored I am to have here today
my mentor Justice Kennedy administer the
judicial oath a beautiful oath as he did
for me 11 years ago when I became a
circuit just judge to the Scalia family
I won't ever forget that the seat i
inherit today is that of a very very
great man
to my wife Louise and my daughters Emma
and bindi
thank you for your perseverance and your
patience your courage and your love I
simply could not have attempted this
without you and the American people I'm
humbled by the trust place to me today I
will never forget that to whom much is
given much will be expected and I
promise you that I will do all my powers
permit to be a faithful servant of the
Constitution and laws of this great
nation thank you
