so to clean your home in a really
effective way you can use what I call
the three wave system and it's really
simple and it applies to any space just
think about when you walk into a messy
room and you feel overwhelmed well the
three wave system is going to help
manage that overwhelm you always want to
start from your door and work your way
around the room in a clockwise manner so
you'll start at the door and you'll
finish at the door and that way you know
that everything is done the next thing
you want to keep in mind and this goes
for all the waves is to just work from
the top to the bottom because that's the
way that dust and dirt falls and you
never want to have to reek lean a
service that is a Melissa maker rule so
the first wave is tidying and organizing
so you start at your 12 o'clock point
your door and you just work your way
around this space from top to bottom
tidying and organizing taking out
garbage putting things in their place I
like to have a bin there so that I can
get rid of anything that doesn't belong
in the room and then by the time I'm
done the room is primed and ready to
actually be cleaned
cleaning is wave number two so that
includes dusting polishing disinfecting
so you bring your products with you this
time as well as any cleaning tools that
you might need and again you start at
your door your 12 o'clock point work
your way around the room top to bottom
and do your cleaning so this will
involve dusting cleaning your mirrors
polishing up any wood and this is super
simple take anything off a surface clean
it and put it right back where it
belongs and you know where it belongs
because you already took care of that in
the first way and then the third ways is
your floors and you don't have to clean
that in a circular motion that might
look a little insane but you can just
start at one corner of your room whether
you're vacuuming or mopping and work
your way out the door that way you never
mop or vacuum yourself into a corner
