my three tips for being a successful
entrepreneur are number one know your
industry it's very very important to
know what you're going to do business in
to know your market your customer your
pricing your products number two
understanding your numbers it's critical
that you know the numbers for the
industry that you're in understanding
your P&L your cash flows your debtors
your creditors without your finances
that's the difference between staying in
business and going out of business tip
number three is networking your network
is your net worth it's vital that you
surround yourself with like-minded
individuals that are driven that aspire
to be professional successful and along
the same path as you getting in and
around the people in your industry will
mean you can stay on top of the products
stay on top of innovation and put you at
the forefront of your market
