this man may be Putin's biggest
Challenger yet Alexei Navalny leads
Russia's top opposition party he rose to
prominence in 2007 as a blogger
detailing corruption surrounding top
Kremlin officials he also released
secret files that questioned government
deals in 2011 he founded the
anti-corruption foundation the group led
protests against Putin and his political
party accusing them of election fraud
since then Navalny has been arrested
many times in 2012 he was sentenced to
five years in prison for embezzlement he
was released a day later
last year he announced he'd run for
president but a retrial found him guilty
again for embezzlement that verdict
technically bans him from running
Navalny says he will still campaign he
has a new documentary called he is not
Dimon to you the film alleges Russia's
Prime Minister embezzled over 1 billion
dollars it sparked wide protests Navalny
was arrested on his way to one of the
protests he was sentenced to 15 days in
jail so far
Putin has managed to avoid mentioning
Navalny by name in public
