I know satire is great satire is
important if things stop at satirizing
someone or protesting someone in the
street and it stops at that I don't
think that is taking logical answer
because at the end of the day what
really makes a difference our midterms
are elections is how you go out and put
the road to change those people who are
supporting that kind of present I mean
Trump is only part of the problem
problem is that you have a spineless
publican majority Senate and Congress
who basically would go with Trump to any
lengths just to support his agenda and
this is the real threat what you need is
a really opposition in the Senate and
really opposition in the count in
Congress this is how you actually stand
up against shouting laughing protesting
the street is beautiful is amazing it is
your right how can you take this further
I tend a couple of Trump rallies it was
interesting that if you have a certain
podium and you shout to people with any
empty rhetoric people would respond and
I remember icon of a mayor one of the
little towns that were basically warming
to crowd before Trump to the stage and
he said if Strom didn't do anything if
he didn't repeal Obamacare if you didn't
make a fake there's one thing that you
do that he will build a wall will you
still vote for Trump as people say it's
like all right sit there is absolutely
no place or reason here
