the Department of Justice has a duty to
enforce our nation's laws including our
immigration laws those laws requires to
properly remove aliens when they are
convicted or detain of certain crimes
unfortunately some states and cities
have adopted policies designed to
frustrate this enforcement of
immigration laws this includes refusing
to detain known felons on the federal
detina request or otherwise failing to
comply with these laws for example the
Department of Homeland Security recently
issued a report showing that in a single
week there were more than 200 instances
of jurisdictions refusing to honor ice
detainer requests with respect to
individuals charged or convicted of
serious crimes today I am urging states
and local jurisdiction to comply with
these federal laws failure to remedy
violations because resulting withholding
grants termination of grants and
disbarment or in eligibility for future
dress Department of Justice will also
take all lawful steps to claw back any
funds awarded to a jurisdiction that
willfully violates 1373 we have simply
got to end this policy thank you i eric
garner case studies for why connoisseur
sick you'll find a handle on top
