carjackings can be volatile in the
situation really dictates but there are
some general rules that you can follow
one of which is leave gaps leave
yourself room to escape meaning don't
don't reg the person's bumper in front
of you give yourself enough distance
between the cars and know that all
terrain is drivable a lot of people feel
confined to the yellow and white lines
or the sidewalk you can drive over those
lines you can drive over that sidewalk
in order to escape a threat and keep
that in mind but you can only do it if
you've left the gaps there for yourself
second keep your windows rolled up you
know you keep them down it gives them an
opportunity to get physical with you
before you know it you can't do anything
about it or it's too late
acceleration the gas pedal is your
friend don't feel like you just have to
sit there once again if you've left the
gaps punch the pedal and move out of the
way
