what we lack are incentives so I would
suggest using sa a service like coach
mean or a site like stick STI ckk comm
to create incentives or even dietbet
which is for weight loss specifically
where you're actually putting money on
the line and reputation on the line to
force you to have some type of
motivation to do what you say are going
to do and you can form betting pools
with friends let's say it's weight loss
you could have five friends each puts in
a hundred bucks or enough to hurt if you
lose it and then you have a body
composition improvement competition so
you used like a DEXA sexist scan for
instance to track your body fat
percentage whoever loses the highest
percentage points gets the pot they get
500 bucks very very effective it doesn't
have to be that much even I know two
guys at Google who used to pay each
other a dollar each if they missed a
workout these are people who make like
100 grand plus a year and for whatever
quirk of human psychology that worked
you could and I know people who have
done this take very unflattering photos
right after the holidays is perfect
where after a binge weekend you have
someone take a photograph of you let's
just say in your tighty whities we're
very unflattering underwear under
terrible lighting puffy after a bad
weekend and then you have to lose let's
just call it 20 pounds in two months or
you're merciless friend puts that on
Facebook guess what you will perform
miracles and it's not that we lack
information it's that we lack sufficient
incentives you need a carat or even
better and this is not depressing this
is useful a meaningful stick if you
don't do what you have said is important
for you to do
