rose' is not always the refreshing porch
pounder that we think it is it's
actually heavier than almost all white
wines because we have colors we
therefore have tannin so if you were to
say I want something with a lot of
tannin you're saying you want something
that really impacts your palate that's
very rich that maybe has an astringent
see to go along with the food character
or its alcohol content I think you can
have some pretty basic rose' from kind
of that large swath of land called
puzzle in the Rhone Valley of France but
for me I like wine roses that are maybe
from a little bit of a cooler climate
Pinot Noir Jose from Germany I think is
outstanding rosacea champagne I think
there's some people who make really
great rosacea champagne one thing I used
to do is with southern Italian roses
you'd serve them cold but really let
them warm up and they go from this kind
of refreshing heavy white wine character
so almost a lighter red wine in the
matter of a half an hour and it's really
unique to see a wine change like that
