so if you think about the brand iconic
triggers that we look at which the brain
needs to identify brands it's things
like colors and shapes and sounds so the
most effective logos are the ones that
pull as many of those levers as possible
Intel is a good example because it's not
just got a fairly identifiable brand
logo it's also got a sound that goes
with it and the two things will work
together logos that they have a
consistent shape and a constant
consistent color do very well so Apple
you know they're always associated with
particular colors Nike very very simple
the swoosh can be rendered in lots of
different ways the least successful
logos are the ones that depend on you
reading them so rather than recognizing
a shape or a color and the ones that
aren't clear from a distance you know if
you look at a good logo you need to be
able to step back 20 feet and still say
what that logo is so it's it's the
simple ones that have iconic shape
iconic color and if you can attach your
sound to it as well so much the better
