spread your feet about three feet apart
and you're gonna start to rotate your
torso and as you're rotating your torso
you're going to eventually extend your
arm over and increase that range of
motion with each repetition so you're
stretching over and stretching over
reaching as far as you can gently and
progressively and breathing all the
while taking nice deep breaths as you're
doing it the great thing about doing
something like the standing twist is
it's a dynamic stretch which means it's
movement based you even probably see
this with people practicing Tai Chi
they're slowly moving their body the
whole emphasis on it is more on the
movement rather than on getting to a
certain point a maximum range of motion
right away you may notice as you're
doing this as you're turning your body
left and right that your back may crack
a little and and that's quite natural
because your your spine has been in this
locked position for a long period of
time energy you know your capacity to
get work done is based on how much
you're doing so if all you're doing is
being sedentary and using the mind
that's a very low capacity of output
actually by moving the body you're
increasing your energy capacity so
actually doing that mental work
increases as well
you
