this bill is a shame it is a disgrace
mr. speaker today my heart break for the
disabled for women for seniors and
working families my heart aches for
those who living paycheck to paycheck my
heart morning for innocent little
children whose very lies depend on if
their family can pay the bills is for
the right and role of it this is the
heart and soul of the matter we cannot
obtain or principles Mr Speaker we
cannot forget our values have fought too
hard and too long to back down now I've
a fact in a deal to turn the clock back
toward our time I will fight every
single attempt to turn a deaf ear apply
now and of course rollers to the spec
trial Phineas and to working families Mr
Speaker I will fight every day every
hour every minute and every second
opposes be with every breath and every
bone in my body we must not give up we
cannot I will not give in not today not
tomorrow and never ever on this
building's only one option and that
option is to vote no we can do better Mr
Speaker we must do better vote no on
this bill
