what makes them very credible is your
ability to trust them and so through
spark we've written about four keys to
credibility and we start off by sharing
with readers is that credibility is
really in the eyes of the beholder you
determine whether or not uncredible to
you and so how you influence credibility
is you know first and foremost
understand what's expected of you within
this relationship and sometimes
expectations aren't always bright light
in a job description you really have to
build that relationship so you can
understand what people want from you and
then you can influence your credibility
by - we really watching the commitments
you make and how well you follow through
we have this concept in spark that we
introduced it's called the say do gap
what - space between your actions and
your words and if you're looking to
influence somebody you have to make sure
that space is as small as possible
making sure that you're the person who
can follow through on your commitment
and when you're working in an
organization - and this is our third key
to building credibility you have to make
sure that you see your success with and
through other people so to help
determine the credibility of the team
that you're a part of you have to
clearly communicate intentions to others
do they understand what's expected of
them
this really builds credibility and trust
within team the sports piece is
absolutely key you have to make sure
that you hold people accountable to
their commitments and the commitments
within the team and that we're like
accountability and team environments can
be so I don't know makes people
sometimes uncomfortable thinking gosh I
got to bring up a problem when I see it
demonstrated differently for my coworker
I got to really address the situation if
they're not rising to that expectation
we have to make sure standards matter
and you know all those four aspects of
being credible leader matter when you're
working with the team
