the most important things you can do if
you have a bad boss are first of all to
remember that this person is a human
being it's really tempting to view your
boss is some sort of tyrant to be
toppled and remember this is just
another human being right who probably
has the usual set of foibles I once had
a bad boss who I so couldn't stand who I
felt was so oppressive that I literally
shrunk half an ounce right and then ten
years later I bumped into him and had a
drink with him and realized he wasn't
really as bad as as I thought so so try
to sort of empty the cup often when you
have a bad boss you've been repressing
your feedback you haven't been telling
this person what bugs you and what
doesn't bug you and all that unspoken
feedback is sort of accumulating and
eventually it will explode like a dirty
bomb and Andrew really potentially screw
you up so the most important thing is to
view this person as another human being
try to start by soliciting feedback from
your boss so try to understand your
boss's perspective on how things are
going if you can do that without sort of
repressed rage and then start by looking
for things that you like that the boss
does I had a good friend who once worked
for a person who was notoriously
difficult to work for
and she adopted this mantra there is
only love she refused to talk badly
about this guy to anyone and and she
really tried to focus on the good stuff
so focus on the good stuff to stuff to
praise and having done those two things
now it's safe to ask your boss if it's
okay to offer some some critical
feedback if your boss says no polish
your resume and try to find another boss
if your boss says yes then you might be
on the way to repairing that
relationship
