at a time when there are global
humanitarian crises that demand us to
step up our effort rather than to cut it
back this is the worst possible time to
be cutting back on health water and
sanitation support for kids and women
who are the victims of wars around the
world whether in Syria or in South Sudan
there is a famine are the worst famine
that the UN has seen since 1945 across
Yemen Somalia South Sudan and Northeast
Nigeria so this is a terrible time for
the u.s. to be signaling that it's
seeking to cut foreign aid budget that
is already only more point two percent
of u.s. national income less than one
percent of the federal budget and so now
is the time for Congress which is
supposed to hold the purse strings to
show its mettle and defend the needs of
some of the most vulnerable people in
the world who have benefited from
American generosity and who I know from
my own experience benefit from aid that
is well targeted and well delivered
