director Comey I want to begin by
attempting to put to rest several claims
made by the president about his
predecessor namely that President Obama
wire tapped his phones so that we can be
precise I want or free you to exactly
what the president said and ask you
whether there was any truth to it
first the president claimed quote
terrible just found out that Obama had
my wires tapped in Trump Tower just
before the victory nothing found this is
McCarthyism unquote director Comey was
the present statement that Obama had his
wires tapped in Trump Tower a true
statement with respect to the
president's tweets about alleged
wiretapping directed at him by the prior
administration I have no information
that supports those tweets and we have
looked carefully inside the FBI the
Department of Justice has asked me to
share with you that the answer is the
same for the Department of Justice and
all its components the department has no
information that supports those tweets
the president second stated quote is it
legal for a sitting president to be
wiretapping a race for president prior
to an election turned down by a court
earlier a new low unquote director Comey
can you answer the president's question
would it be legal for President Obama to
have ordered a wiretap of Donald Trump
I'm not going to characterize a respond
to the tweets themselves I can tell you
in general as Admiral Rogers and I were
just saying there is a statutory
framework in the United States under
which courts grant permission for
electronic surveillance either in a
criminal case or a national security
case based on a showing of probable
cause carefully overseen it's a rigorous
rigorous process that involves all three
branches of government and it's one
we've lived with since the late 1970s
that's how it works
so no individual in the United States
can direct electronic surveillance of
anyone it has to go through an
application process ask a judge the
judge can then make the order so
President Obama could not unilaterally
or derp a wiretap of anyone no president
could
