the first and simplest thing you can do
to relieve back pain is to get up for
example even just walking around the
office one or two minutes is enough
because it changes the posture of the
body it increases blood flow a great
stretch that you can do to relieve some
of the back ache that you experience by
sitting for long periods of time is to
just stand up take a few steps away
about three or four feet from your desk
put your hands on the top of the desk
and look at the floor and just really
imagine pulling the desk forward just
sticking your hands on the desk pulling
it forward and allowing yourself to feel
that stretch through your sides and
feeling that pressure relieved off your
lower back so your hips will be hinged
at about a 90 degree angle you can hold
that position for about 20 seconds and
make sure that when you get up you're
engaging your core and getting up slowly
and mindfully
