have the honest conversations with
yourself then have the ability to have
honest conversations with others the big
difference between having a chat and
having a conversation chats don't get
actions my builder taught me this he
said the architects keep saying we'll
have a chat we'll have a chat will have
a check because I am sick of having
chats when are we going to have a
conversation and that became the mantra
on the building site if it was a
conversation that meant everybody had to
focus everything was different nothing
in sports or business or life goes to a
different level unless people have very
very honest conversations with
themselves or with others most of the
honest conversation happened everywhere
they shouldn't they happen at the water
cooler they happen in the men's room or
the ladies they don't happen around the
table why because people are
uncomfortable with having those
conversations so that honest
conversation can be at home it can be at
work or it can be in your thoughts in
the real leadership is the ability to
distinguish is this a chat or is it a
conversation nothing improves unless
people have on it conversation
