mr. president America says don't you
think that this is going to weaken offer
the European Union and why are you so
scared of diversity in the news in the
media that you speak so often of a fake
news and that things after all only out
in the end cannot be proven for example
the fact that you have been wiretap by
mr. Obama nice friendly reporter well
first of all I don't believe in an
isolationist policy but I also believe a
policy of trade should be a fair policy
and the United States has been treated
very very unfairly by many countries
over the years and that's going to stop
but I'm not an isolationist I'm a free
trader but I'm also a fair trader and
our free trade has led to a lot of bad
things happening you look at the
deficits that we have and you look at
all of the accumulation of debt we're a
very powerful company country we're a
very strong very strong country will
soon be at a level that we perhaps have
never been before our military is going
to be strengthened it's been depleted
but I am a trader I am a fair trader I
am a trader that wants to see good for
everybody worldwide but I am NOT an
isolationist by any stretch of the
imagination so I don't know what
newspaper you're reading but I guess
that would be another example of as you
say fake news
