so what do you say to those Americans
who were ultimately losing out not on
housing but on other things that are
taken out guys because you know I think
you know that Meals on Wheels is not a
federal program we can't spend money
because on programs just because they
sound good and great meals on wheels
sounds great again that's a state
decision to fund that particular portion
but to take the federal money and give
it to the states and say look we want to
give you money for programs that don't
work I can't defend that anymore
they're supposed to be educational
programs right that's what they're
supposed to do they're supposed to help
kids who can't who don't get fed at home
get fed so they do better in school
guess what
there's no demonstrable evidence they're
actually doing that their nose dude
Moscow address is actually helping
results the helping kids do better in
school which is what when we took your
money from you to say look we're gonna
go spend on an after-school program the
way we justified it was these programs
are going to help these kids do better
in school and get better jobs and we
can't be no as that
you
