we don't need babies from one of those
groups more than we need them from other
groups do you agree with that well I
would say that it why do you pause
unfortunately congressman I'm a champion
for Western civilization and yes our
English language is a big part of it
it's a carrier of freedom wherever the
English language is gone globally
freedom went with it
yeah but either it's not either a Muslim
Americans an Italian American an Irish
Scotch German American which is what
your roots are either those are all
equal things or they are not what is
your answer they contribute differently
to our culture and civilization there
are moderate Muslims that are equal to
in all these Caterpie said a Muslim
they're American that are there people
who have lived here who are assimilated
families
