why should we pay more attention to you
and to the other 150 9999 things I got
stacked over here and so what's the hook
second-language
life experience success and in whatever
it is you're doing
foreign travel living in a foreign
country mastering a foreign language
showing a comfort level living in a
foreign culture all those kinds of
things kind of make you percolate to the
top we go to college fairs we go to Arab
American week up in Dearborn Michigan
have a big tent up there when we talk to
Americans of Arab descent we recruit
just like any other enterprise in
addition we've got a lot of people who
self-identify who say that they want to
be part of the Central Intelligence
Agency my last four years director which
had been 2008 we have 160,000 Americans
make genuine applications to CIA and I
talked about clicking on the website I
mean going through all that very
intrusive paperwork to make themselves
eligible for employment with us
