I've got access to the smartest
financial people in the world what if I
interviewed 50 the smartest people found
out whether the average investor can
still win or not
I've been coaching a man named Paul
Tudor Jones one of the top ten financial
traders in the world for 24 years now
he's extraordinary and I've learned so
much from him how do I set myself up to
win even when I'm losing and first thing
you got to do it the most basic levels
you need to have three months you know
six months or some people 12 months or
some people you want to build to have
enough emergency cash and if you lost
your job if you lost everything if you
went to a medical emergency and so forth
you don't have to worry that you're you
know you're going to fall off so the
first thing is really start to build
that emergency fund for people I think
is one of the most important things it's
a simple thing it's not an easy thing
that's hard to get yourself to just put
plenty of sides it's not growing but you
need something that's available to you
for those situation Ray Dalio who's the
most successful hedge fund manager in
the world they return more money to
investors than anybody in history when I
met him and talked with him you taught
me something simply for Tony people tend
to nest in what they heard about but
they read about or their family did but
the problem is every single asset class
that you love will have a day where it
drops 50 to 70% in a day if it's later
in life you have no time to make up for
it so you have to diversify
