we tend to look at home security as just
our home the locks in the alarm system
but the reality is there's more layers
than that that start well outside your
front yard
so first is communicating with your
neighbours and becoming friends again
that way if you know you see an odd car
or a person that doesn't belong there
someone can make a phone call to either
911 or to you while you're at work and
let you know hey there's something going
on in your driveway it's not so much
about the bolt that goes in the doors it
is the door frame reinforce your door
frames with two and a half inch to three
inch screw wood screws that'll basically
turn the door into a one kick and open
to a five kick and open your
illumination on your house you want to
light it up anytime I was operating
against bad guys and the target was lit
up I felt very vulnerable when there's
all that light it makes you feel almost
naked and it's the last thing a bad guy
wants to feel when he's approaching your
home burglars
cannot stand animals or kids both are
unpredictable so if you can literally
litter your yard with toys that'll keep
a lot of daytime burglars away or if you
can put up some hint that you have a dog
whether you do or not will also keep
them away
you
