you guys make some of the most common
household products and yet for so long
Mars was very private over the last few
years you guys have sort of come out and
been more vocal what sort of driving
that recent shift for most of our
history in fact you know 99% of our
history chosen not to be in the public
eye and we've really wanted our brands
to engage consumers and yet times have
changed and really fundamentally as much
as anything current and future
associates really want to know the
company that they're working for what is
the vision of this company what does it
stand for
furthermore the there are so a range of
issues that are very serious as you
would know facing the world and and are
a threat direct threat to our business
if not addressed whether that's issues
like climate change or labor issues in
our supply chain or diversity and
inclusion or health and well-being these
are all really key issues that are our
significant challenges as well as
opportunities to our business we feel a
responsibility to do our part in
addressing them and and part and parcel
of being able to do that is to speak
publicly about our stance on these
issues and hopefully enroll others to
work with us in a coalition to address
them do you think also consumers now are
looking more for the company behind the
brands and has that had anything to do
with you guys being more vocal as well
yes the answer is consumers do want to
know more about the the not only the
brands that they're buying but the
companies behind them do you think that
being a private company gives you an
advantage in any way to respond to you
know consumer sentiment being private
does give us a competitive advantage and
and it does it does give us a
competitive advantage in that we know
who our shareholders are we could fit
them all in in quite a small room if we
had to and so the ability of management
to interface with with the shareholders
is very direct it's it's very it's very
tangible it's very immediate and and I
think it does give us a capacity to make
decisions quickly when we decided to
actually make the acquisition of wriggly
it was a very quick conversation with
with the shareholder body at large in
order to make what was our largest
acquisition in the totality of our
history
