your neck is designed to hold up your
head which is 10 to 12 pounds and so
when you're staring and you start to
lurch your head forward every inch that
you move forward the weight of your head
doubles so when it could be forward 6
inches and then now all of a sudden your
head weighs 60 pounds what happens is
there you're gonna get neck strain but
then there's also potential injury to
the back it's a chain of muscles and
obviously your spinal column that
connects the two if your head is forward
one of the things that you want to do is
practicing moving it forward like a
turtle and then moving it back you want
to do this nice and slowly so about five
seconds forward and five seconds back
and you can breathe slowly at the same
rhythm so forward and back is an
important way to re-establish not just
an emphasis on the muscles that hold
your head forward but also the muscles
at the front of your neck that can pull
it back
