we don't do a good job writing clues for
jeopardy this is what happens to your
material how many clues you have to go
over every morning on the taping deck
well five games
7350 clues that is approximately the
writers create the material and come up
with the categories on the clues but the
writers I also have to put one source at
least on every for every fact or factoid
in the clue and the researchers fact
check everything both of us are very
concerned with accuracy and also with
pinning which means making sure there's
only one correct response that the
contestant could possibly give
mostly people work online honestly at
this point when you're writing a
category you might browse a book I think
the researchers pretty much work online
we're a well-oiled machine we've been at
this now for 33 years so we know what
we're doing we know what works what
doesn't work as always want to learn
it's a big world the University
knowledge is kind of fragmented to some
extent where people don't have as much
common knowledge anymore but we we try
to see how much we can push it to the
point where all the all the contestants
are going to know the same thing in the
audience will be familiar with it too so
it's fun to be part of that process
