the one thing that people always get
wrong about salt is the idea that sea
salt or pink Himalayan salts are somehow
healthier than table salt that's not
true there are many foods that don't
taste very salty and are very high in
sodium baked goods muffins for example a
typical store-bought muffin has about as
much sodium as roughly 10 chicken
nuggets which people wouldn't realize
and part of the issue is because the
salt is added during processing so by
the time that you eat it also has sugar
and it has you know oils and fats that
kind of mask it on the flipside people
also have this misconception that salted
peanuts or salted sunflower seeds are
high in sodium and they're not it's just
that the salt is on the surface for your
taste buds pick it up like that
a serving of salted peanuts has the same
amount of sodium as a cup of milk and a
slice of bread
you
