the father of Canada's current Prime
Minister Justin Trudeau is a man that
everybody should be familiar with Brian
Mulroney who was Prime Minister of
Canada at the time Reagan was president
of the United States and they
demonstrated this great camaraderie you
know these two Irish guys getting along
telling jokes and enjoying life together
if you want to deal with sports of
course you deal with hockey players and
my idol was Gordie Howe but there are
other Jean Beliveau a gentleman and a
fantastic athlete for the Montreal
Canadiens there are so many Canadians
who have had impacts all around the
world
Celine Dion who is performing now in Las
Vegas Avril Lavigne and Murray going
back to the 1960s Gordon Lightfoot there
are all kinds of contributions that have
been made in the entertainment industry
in sports in science in education by
Canadian so there's a lot to admire
about Canada
ah
