Comic Sans it's ugly it's difficult to
read it attracts your attention then you
actually start trying to understand
psychologists work together with school
teachers and they reformatted the school
teachers handouts so for some classes
every single piece of work they saw
every handout missile was formatted in a
standard font something like Times New
Roman or Helvetica easy-to-read other
classes all the handouts they were
getting we're in something like half
inch violet which is this dense Germanic
font or monitored course Eva it's like
handwriting or Comic Sans italicized
which I have to tell you is hideous and
yet the kids who got their handouts
formatted in these difficult ugly fonts
did better in their end of term exams
across a variety of subjects and what
seems to have gone on is when they got a
handout in something like Times New
Roman it's so easy to read you glanced
at it he's sort of feel you've already
read it whereas when you get something
in Hatton Schuyler or in comics and it's
ugly it's difficult to read it attracts
your attention and when you have your
attention then you actually start trying
to understand what it says so this small
obstacle that grabs your attention seems
to make things a bit more difficult is
actually helping you concentrate on your
homework
