you want to be able to communicate
because if something untoward happens
the ability to communicate in responders
is fundamental let's make sure that one
small thing like your battery running
out of power doesn't make it impossible
for you to operate or respond to a
security instance a lot of the security
is involved in two things one in in
preparation so being on the front foot
so there is a plan people other than you
know where you're going what is expected
and you have the ability to communicate
with others without that everything gets
very hard trouble comes in threes and
it's typically one small thing knocks
you off balance
you might get lost for example or be
late leaving somewhere and it's darker
than you expected followed by another
you know you get a puncture and then the
real problem happens you know you get
you get mucked or beaten up or something
staying on the front foot is the thing
to do by knowing where you are where
you're going where to avoid and having
that ability to be resilient and call
upon help if you need
