but so what we do we take a building
that was disused and we make it into we
make it compliant and we put people in
there to live there securing the
building there for the landowner is you
know reducing his holding costs and
we're creating these amazing space for
creatives
I'm an artist I'm living here and I'm
able to work 24 hour seven which is
great so I like to paint sort of in the
middle of the night this is definitely
by far the best studio that I've ever
had in London
you go with the flow that's the one
thing that you you have to give up is
the idea of any you know I've been in
control of the and that's some time you
gonna spend in a place
I notice not for everybody but to have
this amount of space and to live with
other types of people in the same
industry other creatives far outweigh
any of the negatives of having to share
a bathroom or a kitchen with other
people
you
