I'm a Stephen badger who is the chairman
of Mars company and who was also a Mars
family heir that's Stephen thanks for
joining us Josh thanks thanks very much
great to be here
you guys make some of the most common
household products and yet for so long
Mars was very private over the last few
years you guys have sort of come out and
been more vocal what sort of driving
that recent shift for most of our
history in fact you know 99% of our
history chosen not to be in the public
eye and we've really wanted our brands
to engage consumers and yet times have
changed and really fundamentally as much
as anything current and future
associates really want to know the
company that they're working for what is
the vision of this company what does it
stand for
furthermore the there are so a range of
issues that are very serious as you
would know facing the world and and are
a threat direct threat to our business
if not addressed whether that's issues
like climate change or labor issues in
our supply chain or diversity and
inclusion or health and well-being these
are all really key issues that are our
significant challenges as well as
opportunities to our business we feel a
responsibility to do our part in
addressing them and and part and parcel
of being able to do that is to speak
publicly about our stance on these
issues and hopefully enroll others to
work with us in a coalition to address
them you are a private company but would
you ever go public would you ever
consider taking things the market or
selling no we're we're 100% committed to
staying private and it really does allow
us to pursue our own path our own future
and to really invest in the long term
and we do that in any number of ways
from the kinds of transformations that
we undertake as a business in the
categories in which we operate or in
terms of commitments that we make to
things like sustainability where for
example we have a sustainability in a
generation plan where we're spending
upwards of a billion dollars over the
course of the next few years to address
everything from climate change to issues
in our supply chain with labor to health
and well-being along the same lines of
being a family
I kind of want to talk a little bit more
about this you talked some about the
advantages of being a family company but
are there any disadvantages of being a
family-run business the the
disadvantages to being a family company
could come into play if the family is
not aligned with what they're trying to
do and in our case the family's fully
committed to keeping the business
private so whether that's my uncle and
my mother or my cousin's my sisters were
all fully committed to keeping the
business private and so to that end
really that keeps us focused in terms of
what we're trying to do we have a real
vision for what we're trying to do not
only with the totality of Mars
Incorporated but with the segment's in
which we operate and we really operate
as I say according to five principles
and it really keeps us able to find the
pathway through to continuing to build
this great business into the future if
you had to give one piece of advice to
other family companies to run a
successful family business what would
that piece of advice be I think if I had
one piece of advice for others it would
be to to really find the set of values
that combined you together and beyond
that I think I would say to ensure that
you set up the appropriate governance
structures so that you don't have every
individual thinking that they have the
the right or the the mandate to make
decisions for the business and and then
to ensure that you've got the best
people in place to run the business
which in in in in certain cases may well
be the family for much of our history
actually we were run by family members
um so my great-grandfather started the
business in his kitchen my grandfather
then built it up took it to Europe
expanded the portfolio my uncles then
globalized it in a much more significant
way and grew the business up again and
then and in my generation we still have
people working day to day in the
business but then also playing a very
distinct governance role and so I think
those are critical transitions and every
family is different and every business
is different but those are some of the
key building blocks to keep in mind you
touched on this a little bit but Mars is
investing 1 billion dollars to sort of
take on you know threats to climate to
help sustainability this is something
that's been talked a lot about you know
across the board and different companies
in the US and around the world do you
think there is a strong business case
for investing money in these sort of
programs I think actually addressing
climate change is not only necessary for
the health of the planet but absolutely
for business and there is a business
case I think there's cost savings to be
made in terms of the purchasing of
renewables so for example all our
factories and operations in north
america mexico the UK as well as others
around the world that are already on
board and forthcoming we're already
seeing our energy costs actually being
reduced from what it would be previously
there's also cost avoidance in the sense
of the cost of raw materials we're
fundamentally an agricultural company
and that we buy raw materials and and
obviously turn them into brands and
products that people can eat and to that
end farmers are facing very real and
significant issues in terms of the
threat of climate change particularly in
terms of weather patterns I should say
and as such addressing climate change or
not addressing climate change will lead
to an increase in raw material pricing
and then again as you mentioned earlier
consumers as well as in particular
current and future associates really
care about this issue we believe and
it's it's fundamental to us to address
it what is it you think every company
should be doing to sort of address this
issue or do you think every company you
know plays a role and sort of you know
addressing it protecting the earth etc
we all have an impact and the goal is to
minimize our impact so whether that's as
an individual or as a corporation and so
I think indeed everybody has a carbon
footprint every company has a carbon
footprint some are larger than others
ours happens to be the size of Panama so
we started with really our own
operations in terms of getting them to
carbon neutrality but then we our supply
chain actually is where the bulk of it
exists and so we've made a commitment to
reducing our carbon footprint in our
supply chain by fully 67 percent by 2050
that would allow us to meet the target
at least for ourselves for our own
carbon footprint but I think it's
through through companies stepping into
the into the breach
making vocal what they're trying to do
building coalitions and working with
governments around the world state
governments here in the US and and other
companies and NGOs who care that we
really can turn the tide on this and we
really have to that's what you think
company should do do you think
government should be doing more if I can
face into the the perhaps the question
behind your question we were
disappointed indeed with the Trump
administration pulling out of Paris but
we're seeking to find other places where
we can we can have common ground with
them but to the point of climate change
many state governments are fully
committed to this issue many
multinationals are committed to this
issue many NGOs are committed to this
issues consumers care or associates care
of future associates care we're fully
committed to it and are going to
continue down the path so there's a lot
of like consumer changes going on right
now and we have a whole new generation
of consumers coming to market so we've
got the Millennials who have been here
for a while but also Gen Z they're gonna
be your next you know customer base do
you think about them differently are
their needs different than previous
generations and what is Mars doing to
address that every generation is
different in terms of their expectations
relative to their any given job that
they're going to take and in any given
you know business or corporation so yes
there is a difference I think that for
us the way that we're approaching that
is to be much more vocal and much more
public about what we stand for and what
we believe in I think that's absolutely
increasing and I think rightly so in
terms of what they as both consumers as
well as they as potential future
associates want from the company that
they're going to work for in the brands
that are that are part and parcel of
that company I think there is also
aspects to lifestyle in terms of
work-life balance
I think there's aspects to gender and
diversity that were fully committed to
and lifestyle on that basis as well that
we're fully committed
- embracing and and improving ourselves
in terms of our leadership pipeline for
example we have our top in our top
leaders pipeline work we have 41 percent
fully filled with women but when we
reach actually the senior leadership we
sort of fall off in fact I was at a
business internal business meeting the
other day and it was a large gathering
and there was a line in the men's room
and one of this our senior women turned
to me and said you know there we are we
can you know there's the issue right
there she disappeared through the door
with sort of a smirk on her face but the
issue is real and we're fundamentally
committed to addressing that through
things like bias training of our
leadership in terms of how they select
leaders and what they look for and so
it's a whole host of issues I think that
ranges from talking about who we are
sharing who we are more openly more
transparently looking at our workplace
environment looking at how we promote
people ensuring that were were really
focusing on high potential candidates
regardless of lifestyle diversity
diversity gender etc but also very much
putting an emphasis on that because a
broad and diverse workforce at the end
of the day is only good for business and
only good for our business what is the
biggest challenge Mars is facing right
now we touched on it a little bit
earlier but I think the biggest issue
that that Mars is facing and that all
businesses are facing is the magnitude
of disruption that's occurring I mean a
day doesn't go by where there's some new
development that has relevance to how we
operate in how we function and so I
think the first challenge is getting
one's mind as much as one can at any
given static point in time around the
disruptions that are occurring the
second step is to then figure out what
transformations you need to undertake
and then the third is to to really
figure out particularly in a large
organization how to move a pace and and
and we're really eager to to be having
that conversation as we are internally
and starting to look at how do we do
things like set up small nimble team
how do we fail fast how do we share
learnings and how do we take the next
step in the next iteration and and to
really move our business into the future
as quickly as we can and nr
you
