the types of people that get hired at
Google are usually unconventional we
have some of the best talent in the
world working on our team at jigsaw and
we put a lot of time and effort into
making hiring decisions but that doesn't
just mean that you've got a PhD or
you've got a first in your degree or you
have really great work experience we're
really interested in in applicants who
have taken a nonlinear path so not the
most common path to get to where you are
today anything really that shows
quirkiness thing the standout thing on
your resume so we have people on our
team who have played for the national
basketball team and we have people who
are a cappella singers who have 3d we
found a guy who's a 3d printing like
aficionado so we're really interested in
people who have passion because that's
what drives our team these are really
big intractable problems and if you
don't have passion it's too easy to give
up
