last we talked just around the primary
over you know there was there was this
talk that you and Mike judge director
videography we're going to try to bring
back Camacho and do something like but
you're a big thing was you didn't want
to kind of throw jabs at just one person
yeah we know who that person is but you
know we wanted to kind of be the field
and and then work out that way right but
now that one man is now an officer being
a Donald Trump so have you thought at
all of bringing Camacho back now that
now it's just now kind of one man now I
would love to make a movie I literally
want to so Mike and I were talking about
doing like a chronicles of Camacho you
know me and it's we all know where it
started it started in this era right now
and because what happened is it's the
end of political correctness know what
no matter where you are on the political
side you know it really became yo mama
know yo mama yeah and it and it's just
started to go and that's what I want to
talk about I didn't want it to go into
you know like I'm versus you and this is
you know kind of like pick one side a
whole thing because I'm really I'm
really a little bit of both to be honest
with you no one is 100% Democrats and
100% Republican you always have the you
know we're too complex for that so I
really wanted to talk about the end of
political correctness and Camacho is
that and I'm Mike and I were talking
about it we what the good thing about it
is that now that stays alive for about
four more years right we got four years
to try to put something together and I
would love to do something like that cuz
it would hit let me say that movie was
so prophetic in so many ways it actually
scares me it does because you used to
see things now and you go wait wait a
minute did I see that in that movie oh
well when I went ahead of him there was
almost on the cabinet I was like no no
please don't make it all I think the
reason he had to turn it down because it
was just been to profess it was been
waiting about it
