further and farther farther means
distance further means more into it if
you talk about distance it has to be
farther I think anybody in the writing
and editing business has their list of
pet peeves I brought mine I've been
seeing a lot of confusion lately with
the word peak pronounced peak where a
peak with two E's peak with an EI and
peak piq ue which means the indignation
I see a lot of confusion between its and
its IT apostrophe s IP apostrophe s is a
contraction that means it is this is a
possessive that means something belongs
the team lost it for six games your and
your y ou you are y ou you apostrophe re
that's another case of a contraction
where you're with the depository stands
for you are that made me nauseous and
now it didn't it made you nauseated if
something is nauseous that's what makes
other people sick there's often a lot of
confusion between sense and because
sometimes we use them interchangeably
and we should I came home since the game
was over no you came home because the
game was over NV means when somebody
else has something that you want or you
admire who you really like I am envious
of his ability play basketball jealousy
being jealous
typically means something that we're
holding close that we have already and
we want to keep we want to protect we
don't want anybody else to have it it's
often used in a romantic sense somebody
is looking at your date for the prom you
might be jealous when you're thinking of
affect and effect most often we think of
effect as the verb the effect is the
fallout of that what happened with that
when we broke up it really affected me
the effect was I was disappointed
