and you guys are responsible for that
and fuck you for that and that is a part
of it you know part of the failing of
the media in this country they have
gleefully reports of things about me
they know aren't true over the last 48
hours with the result you know that you
now all know and you guys are
responsible for that and talk you for
that because you you know you did a bad
thing I take responsibility for the
words I used I take responsibility for
the things that I've said but I don't
believe that any journalist or yet
writing a story or any editor pressing
the publish button believes that I
sincerely advocate for or support
pedophilia is an absurd and ridiculous
allegation but they gleefully printed it
anyway America knows better and no
different
