you want to make sure that you don't say
anything else to the police there's
nothing good that can come out of it if
you're asked for your name you should
provide it if you're asked for
identification you should provide it
beyond that you should say nothing more
to the police other than asking whether
or not you are free to leave
if the police tell you that you are free
to leave
then you should turn and walk away don't
run away just walk away calmly if the
police tell you that you are not free to
leave then you know that you're being
detained and at that point you want to
make sure that you don't say anything
else
to the police there's nothing good that
can come out of it people want to
explain themselves they want to explain
why they were doing whatever it is they
were doing when they were stopped or why
the police are wrong for assuming they
were engaged in illegal behavior just
say nothing whether you think you are in
the right or not it's just not worth it
to try to get into a conversation with
the police officer to explain away your
behavior because those are the very
things that will be used against you in
court
you have to be aware of the
circumstances around you understand
what's happening you know what time of
day it is who the officers are how many
of them on scene because all that's
going to be important after the fact if
anything happens to go wrong so you
never have to consent to a search
whether it's a search of your person or
of your car if the police ask you for
consent to search you can simply say no
I do not give you consent you have to
understand that if the police have
probable cause to search you or to
search your car they're not going to ask
you for permission and in fact they they
won't need to but if they're asking you
for consent that probably means that
they don't have enough evidence to
search your car to search you without
your permission and once you give
consent all bets are off before you're
arrested you don't necessarily have a
right to an attorney
that right only kicks in once they have
placed you under arrest
if the police tell you yes you're under
arrest the first thing that you want to
do is ask to speak to an attorney now
the police are supposed to read you your
Miranda rights and tell you that you are
entitled to an attorney and that
anything you say can and will be used
against you but that may or may not
happen
