when you give adderall to somebody who
doesn't require it and they do not have
a DD in those patients you will see
almost like a cocaine like effect when
you take adderall the dopamine is
released eventually this dopamine starts
to run out and when the dopamine starts
to run out there is a constant need to
replenish it and that constant need to
replenish leads to the addictive
potential seven to eight hours or so
approximately it will last in your
system last where you're feeling these
yes you're feeling the effects correct
for somebody who is using it on a
regular form they can continue to
function quite well without any adverse
effects on the brain however someone who
starts to abuse medication more than
necessary in those particular people you
would see long-term effects which is
almost a burnout where you may start to
see irritability depression dysphoria
despondency agitation and also just the
so-called central nervous system effects
and then there is a whole section of the
overall impact on the body it can have
numerous cardiovascular implications so
it can increase your blood pressure it
can increase your pulse it can in beyond
people start with users or using higher
dosages it can cause cardiac rhythm
originalism people it can cause stroke
it can cause heart attacks
it can cause stomach problems nausea
those are the most common ones that
people experience
