when you walk into the FBI securities
fraud unit in lower Manhattan into their
office you know you look around and you
can see immediately it's not a high-tech
fancy environment but any means so
they're working with limited resources
and of course you walk into a top hedge
fund it's like state-of-the-art
technology beautiful artwork incredible
computer computing power they're really
outmatched you know they're just always
trying to catch up they made a decision
at one point that they were going to try
and investigate crime hedge funds the
way they had approached the mob
previously these are like organized
crime networks and all these guys these
traders they're very loyal to each other
and they you know they share this
information maybe favors and it seemed
very much like the organized crime to
them so they they got all these guys
like mafia investigation experience and
they started trying to use wiretaps and
use informants and try and penetrate
these networks that way and they were
very successful for a time you know they
suffered a number of setbacks I think
for one thing there were several pretty
devastating leaks into the news media
that tipped others off as to what was
going on I mean there was one particular
moment as a group like in 2010 the wall
street journal publishes huge story kind
of with all sorts of details of this
investigation it had been secret until
then you know they had been just quietly
having their wiretaps and all this stuff
suddenly all of Wall Street was put on
notice that this was going on there were
maybe wire tapping their phones and
these people are not stupid they were
very careful after that why that
happened who dogs in the wall street
journal but that really had a huge
impact you know really shut off several
avenues of the investigation that might
have led somewhere fruitful
