fighting has been a part of professional
hockey for nearly a century that it's a
part of the sport that many fans love
make no mistake when there's a hockey
fight no one leaves their seat it's the
most exciting 30 to 60 seconds in sports
it's two gladiators
fighting in just about every other
professional sport has serious
consequences such as ejection suspension
and having to pay big fines but in
hockey fighting is part of what's known
as the code
Fighting's always sort of been a part of
the culture of the game and the game has
always been allowed to police itself so
you give something bad you pay a
consequence you hit a guy from behind
you're going to leave some teeth and
that's what the code says the National
Hockey League started regulating
fighting back in 1922 the official
rulebook referred to it as fisticuffs
today any penalties assessed for
fighting fall under rule 46 which
according to the rule book gives
referees very wide latitude in the
penalties with which they may impose
under this rule first of all we have to
acknowledge that fighting is illegal it
is a rule violation at the most severe
end a player can be ejected with a game
misconduct he can also assess minor
penalties if it's a roughing incident
we have bench-clearing brawl in 70
wicked
the emotion of a hockey game and a
hockey player at time is unlike any
other sport when you get on the ice and
with the speed and the weapon in your
hand hostilities can accelerate quickly
so there's a way to settle it a player
involved in a fight automatically gets
what's known as a major penalty and must
sit out for at least five minutes of
play additional penalties can be tacked
on the game has evolved such that
there's minimal fighting as there is I
mean it's greatly reduced the amount of
fights in the NHL has decreased in the
2015-2016 season fights occurred in just
over 23 percent of the games compared to
the 2009-2010 season when there were
fights in over 40% of the games even
with fighting on the decline should it
still be allowed we asked one of the
league's legendary fighters former NHL
player Chris knuckles Nilan who in his
career served more than 3000 minutes in
the penalty box I think if you polled
the play as an ask them they'd probably
say keep it so just in case when you
guys get so pissed off at each other
because one guy stuck a stick in his
ribs and then he finally says I've had
enough of us a drop of butter break his
nose it makes guys think twice sometimes
about taking liberties with other people
if there's someone they asked that can
come and settle things out the NHL
declined to comment for this story but
NHL commissioner Gary Bettman said this
to Sports Illustrated in June 2016
fighting has been a part of the game it
does act as a thermostat in the game
this is a physical game and fighting
isn't the only issue and in fact
fighting may help prevent other injuries
no player in the NHL has ever died as
the result of a fight but if that
happens everything could change if it
happens in the u.s. if a player gets
killed god forbid if that happens during
the Montreal Toronto game we're okay
a jury of their peers is going to
understand they grew up playing hockey
if it happens with a Florida Panthers
vs.
the next coyotes game were fun
