crustiness resting homocide face hmm
hello friends and welcome to another
video today we're going to be doing
something a little bit dangerous we're
gonna be walking our elderly cat Krusty
for the very first time he's very old
yeah he's no spring chicken no he's a
winter chicken so Krusty is a feral
adoption yeah which means that he was
once a feral cat who kind of showed up
outside of our door and now he lives
with us he was a drifter what a
streetwalker so when we took him to the
vet for him to get his vaccines because
we thought he was a kitten because of
his size adorable meow and the fact that
he still had his balls the vet took one
look at him and was like this cat is 15
he's 75 in cat ears and oh he had a
vasectomy yeah getting neutered that's
why it looks like he has his balls too
across he was a feral we just started
feeding him he decided to just plant
himself in front of our door every
single night basically became our cat
right away over time we got more
comfortable with him you let a minute no
we were like I think he's our cat now
yeah and so we took him with us when we
decided to move basically Krusty has
been an indoor cat to me since like last
fall and he's loving it inside this is
his retirement community
this is his Florida over the last couple
of weeks he's kind of getting a little
restless getting into weird looks like
fighting bottle caps and dust mites and
old Cheerios on the ground
he's been shadowboxing with me he sees
your iphone wire he is going in for the
kill he scratches and lifts into the
mouth the final straw towards wanting to
walk him outside was noticing him on the
balcony crouched ready to pounce to our
neighbor's balcony so we wanted to find
a way that Krusty could still have some
outdoors time without necessarily making
a leap across a five-story building and
we've seen videos and read article about
people walking their cats and it seems
like some people are on the don't try it
I just dragged my cat around for half an
hour drain and a lot of people though
are also on the hey this was a great
idea and it gave my indoor cat some good
exercising some good fresh air with a
little bit of practice but it was good
so Tyler de Petsmart and picked up a
big cat walking harness yeah the
instructions say to put him in the
harness a couple of times before trying
to take him out on the leash we want to
see where we can take crusty walking
we'd love to take him to this outdoor
mall nearby that we love that's kind of
like a park without the Coyotes but we
want to make sure you can handle it so
we're gonna take him around the
apartment today as like a dress
rehearsal yeah
yes what are you doing home young man
let's do it oh man he just gave me such
a nervous look he knows there's
something up eyes go bunny you have the
keys
no yeah one at first I was like oh no is
this too much for him I think the one he
was right outside the door to the
apartment he was a little bit like did I
lose apartment privileges maybe we
should go further away from the
apartment yeah hey hey what's up play
come on it seems the further away we get
from our apartment the calmer he gets I
think he was nervous about leaving the
apartment and now he's a little curious
here we go
we got some walk-in action you'd like to
have one of his sides accounted for and
he also liked me walking a little bit
closer to him and that's actually where
we got the best sort of like rusty truck
right where he served it okay I know
it's on my right side I know you're on
my left side you're okay I don't know if
I like you anymore but you're okay once
he got into places that had more
shrubbery and places to hide he was
actually pretty chill he was kind of
just like looking around I think he's
liking it babe yeah I think he loves it
actually every once in a while
he's like chugging along and you just
like you know a little engine that could
then you like stop and just be like yeah
hey oh shoot
he kinks let's go I think we gotta go
where he goes there were times when he
was walking kind of happily he's coming
for sure I actually do think after a
little while he got pretty used to it
part of like walking to get so far has
been it's not as much walking with him
as much as his getting him outside
there's definite a moment where he
reaches a limit and he was like
do this anymore see this is like a
getting out of here mom
and so Tyler picked him up and carried
him back to the apartment even though
like there were definitely some ups and
downs yeah walking him around the
apartment complex we thought that he had
passed a minimum threshold liking it
like it seemed like he liked it gently
and also after we came back to the
apartment he seemed kind of okay with it
when el else fails he is totally okay
being carried in Tyler's arms so if
that's how we spend tomorrow that's okay
too so it's time to go to the mall today
is going to be the real test
Pressey thing you pull it off it's not
funny at all you look fine with it
we got Krusty to chill pretty much he
was a little bit anxious sitting by
himself but then I put him on my lap and
now he's just chilling when we got to
the mall I was honestly nervous at first
I was definitely nervous yeah I was like
can we do this is that going to be are
we gonna get kicked out of the mall like
is Krusty just gonna freak out and run
away we've seen so many people walk
around this mall with their dogs in
their hands on leashes off of leashes so
I'm interested to see if anyone gets mad
at us we're trying to walk our cat I
mean like if we're gonna bring that
Paris Hilton dog to malls why can't we
bring crestview at all
it was pretty empty which is perfect for
the padlock if it is not like the
fountain everybody likes the fountain
trusty the harness was a little bit
loose the first day but it just took
some adjusting yeah
so it wasn't riding down his legs we put
him down and the first place he wanted
to go to was the Cheesecake Factory
missing which actually forwards the
conspiracy theory that crusty grew up in
a dumpster outside of the Cheesecake
Factory one thing we learned from the
first day is that you can't pull crusty
like he really has to want to walk what
would happen was we would sort of carry
him from one location to the next
put him down see if he liked it if you
wouldn't move we'd pick him up and try
another spot so you put him down next to
the grass he did not want much to do
with the grass he did want everything to
do with the sushi restaurant next to it
though now he's outside of a burger beer
and ramen place I think he was just
smelling the food and he was like that's
where I want to go money of cover exact
place I can hide there's a fence I could
sneak through it he's like reverting
back to his street alley cat instincts I
need to go there they have it food
disposal I'm also free disposal so we
wanted to see where else Krusty might
want to go he did not want to go to the
Apple store no he didn't really want to
go see a movie he didn't really want to
go to Urban Outfitters um he felt medium
about sprinkles Nathan being a cupcake
recipe no you're vegan Krusty is the
furthest thing from a vegan
although the questions pretty
environmental I don't know that he wants
a Tesla
he's like Tesla I think he's speaking
about oh no he's going for this hi he's
not gonna know that pipe
oh yeah let's think about he did not
want to go to Sephora no but the people
at Sephora loved him they started taking
photos of crusty from the entrances
support yes quite the hit right now I
don't know if crusty likes the mall but
the mall likes crusty they love it they
love the Cassie and our cat people out
there than you think
they're just more opportunities for
people to be dog people in public people
kind of weren't down for the idea of the
cat getting locked in fact one person
was like yeah it looks like it's getting
a little pumpkin needs walk yeah they're
right you know I've seen examples of
people like dragging their cattle along
and like that doesn't seem cool to me I
didn't want to be scared stressed I
think there was a few moments where he's
like this is a lot loves a good bush man
are we done with them all you think yeah
here handle this really well and I got
such like cat daddy jitters everytime
crusty would start like walking by
himself like dishes the best I think
that walking a crusty was a moderate
success I think that this actually does
do a good job of getting it out getting
some his angst out getting some exercise
as long as he doesn't fully sneak into
the Cheesecake Factory and eat their
food like he's been less sort of feisty
less scratchy he doesn't actually mind
the harness or the leash really it's
more just the new environments I think
yeah it's going to be a cat to cat basis
like with crusty crust he's pretty
unique because he wasn't feral he lived
outside for so long you guys have a
degree of that confidence and even for
him he got the place where he's like
this isn't that cool
I don't know that we'll be doing this
all the time but I would definitely do
this again thank you guys so much for
watching if you like this video and this
cat make sure to so match that like
button and if you want to see more
videos about this cat or not about this
cat oh my god make sure to submit that
subscribe button and make sure to
Sevilla Bell icon to turn on post
notifications you get a notification
every time we post we post three times a
week here my social media handles make
sure to check out my next feet I do a
lot of qaz daily walking on there
those are Tyler's social
make sure to check out his next feat he
does the same hope you guys like this
video and I'll see you next time
