so much on my teeth good more snacks
hello friends and welcome to another
video you guys have been requesting a
lipstick collection video from me quite
a bit and I hear you and so today I'm
here with a video that it's not exactly
the video you asked for but it is
similar today I'm gonna be showing you
guys my top 10 favorite lipsticks of the
movement crusty will not be here for the
whole video because I'm pretty sure
very soon he's about to put his claw
either into my boob or my eye because it
seems like that's the trajectory that
I'm feeling from him just like cuz one
caught yellow or or just well we had him
for one take huh he's just right here Oh
as you guys might know I'm something of
a lipstick fiend I feel like I have a
normal amount of other types of makeup I
just have a lot of lipstick so as you
can imagine it was kind of difficult for
me to choose ten lipsticks to show you
guys but I think I narrowed it down to
some winners there definitely are other
lipsticks that aren't on this list that
I really really love but these are the
lipsticks I think I wear the most often
someday soon I'm gonna do an entire
lipstick collection video I feel like I
just need to get them a little more
organized before I do that right now
they're in kind of like a heap not an
incredibly disorganized heap like a
moderately organized heap but it's not
pretty just a disclaimer before we get
started I am in no way a beauty expert
or a makeup artist I just really like
lipstick so a lot of my opinions are
just based on how I think they look and
how I think they feel and yes I will be
lip swatching every single one of these
for you guys so if you see like a red
ring around my mouth not really red I
feel like it turns red because of red
lipstick like any color other than the
lipstick that's on my lips it's just
from like the amount of removing and
reapplying it's gonna happening
hopefully not too much chafing you might
get a better view of my ingrown hair
coming in around the stash area so just
yeah it's just that kind of day okay
let's swatch I'm gonna prep my lips with
this elf like lip scrub stick there's
little grains inside I'm pretty sure the
grains are sugar because the grains
disintegrate after a little bit on your
lips and if you're wondering does this
lip scrub taste good yes it does
it tastes pretty good alright lipstick
number 10 wait wears lipstick number 10
wait are my lipsticks running away from
me lipstick number ten this is the NYX
soft matte lip cream in London the soft
matte lip creams have a special place in
my heart I feel like these are one of
the first like liquid lipsticks that I
was introduced to and the funny thing is
like these are barely even liquid
lipsticks they're more as the title says
like lip creams but they're really
moisturizing and soft and they smell
great and they're just they're not as
intense smells like cake batter honestly
so this is London I really love this
kind of like yellowy nude color in my
experience I find that the nude lip
creams are a little bit better and I
like how soft it is and I just I have so
many soft matte lip creams but it's more
to show you guys one that I really love
the other reason I recommend a lighter
shade is to avoid the dreaded butthole
lip in my definition butthole lip is
when you're wearing lipstick and it
wears away or never exists on the inner
waterline of your lips and I have a very
active inner waterline of my lips but
whole lip plagues my life I feel like
that's why I go for a lot of liquid
lipsticks because I find that liquid
lipsticks just cling a little bit better
than normal lipsticks just to the black
hole alright let's move on so number
nine is the colour-pop ultra satin lip
in a femme I really love this color I
actually just wore this in the very end
of my Primark video this is kind of like
a grey purple I feel like I was afraid
of Purple's for so long just because I
drink a lot of coffee so my teeth can
look kind of yellow in certain lights so
like for a while I was afraid of purple
lipstick and then I was like listen I'm
just gonna lean it to purple lipstick
because I want to wear a purple lipstick
I feel like the reason I end up eating a
lot of lipstick is because I try and
cover the butt hole lip in that instance
I actually touched my teeth with the
lipstick wand but you don't even like I
go inside it's just part of my life like
I've just accepted it like I just ingest
a lot of lipstick so this is femme
I feel like this color is like a really
wearable purple like it's not just a
bright orchid purple this is like kind
of a muted dusty grayish color let's
move on to number eight so number eight
is the NYX liquid suede in Brooklyn
thorn smells like pretty much nothing Oh
catcha nose hair no this is the first of
a few Browns that you're gonna see I
just love brown lipstick I just think
it's fun and wearable and kind of
nineties ish so yeah it's kind of like a
90s look like everyone's like 90s and
I'm like I was a child and I loved it
I really really love this color I think
it's just like a really fun gray brown
like dirt if I had to rename this color
I would call it dirt and worms I really
love the liquid suede I think it's a
good inexpensive liquid lipstick it
doesn't ever get like fully dried down
really Matt I think it's comfortable I
think it's wearable I think it lasts a
decent amount I just keep the tube with
me and a little bit of concealer
honestly just to like fix anything if I
decide to grub or like do anything crazy
just in case
alright so we're on to number 7 and my
lips are already a little bit dry not
Sahara Desert dry but dry nonetheless
alright so number seven is the Urban
Decay matte lipstick in 1993 they don't
carry these capsules anymore but they
still carry this color now this one I
could not leave off my top 10 because I
use this a lot it is a matte lipstick
but in a real lipstick one of only two
like actual lip sticks that it's in this
video I've had this since 2015 I know
that there's a time frame in which
you're supposed to throw out your
lipsticks but I never do unless it feels
bad a lot of times especially when I'm
using like a lipstick I will just
honestly take my finger and kind of like
wipe the lipstick off of the Cupid's bow
instead of lining my lips because I'm
lazy I just I really love this lipstick
it's pretty long wearing even though
it's not like a matte liquid lipstick it
doesn't really dry down to be super
matte either it's just like such a fun
Brown I know you guys are gonna be like
soft you're too into Brown lipsticks
like I just I love them I am that evil
Kermit meme where normal Kermit's like
oh wait you already have ten lipsticks
in this color and evil Kermit's like but
this one has different undertone
this one does have different undertones
this one's a little more reddit like
it's a little more of a brick red
Brooklyn thorns a little more gray you
guys there are differences and there
there are differences in the way the
tube looks all righty then
number six is the colour-pop ultra satin
lip in point zero this is the one I use
in my everyday makeup routine I love
this color I wear it all the time I
really love the color pop ultra satin
lips I like the mattes as well I think
the ultra satin lips are just more
wearable they're just less drying
they're more comfortable
I just I'm a sucker for this ultra satin
lip man this is point zero it's once
again one of those gray G brownie nudes
and you know I just am a sucker for them
a beauty youtuber that I watch who's
really awesome named kathleenlights
actually made this color in
collaboration with color pop and I love
it so like shout out to Kathleen for
making a dope lipstick because this is a
great color alright number five this is
Black Moon cosmetics in myth it is a
liquid lipstick it's a blackened
greenish metallic smells like cake
batter as well I definitely don't wear
it as much as I wear my nude colors but
when I feel like wearing this thing I'm
just like ah last time I wore this
lipstick I named my look barb from the
upside down but it's also like kind of a
Grinchy look it can go festive if you
went like green lips red eyes kind of
like diamond festive it's also kind of a
Slytherin color I am a ravenclaw but
Slytherin is my secondary house I know
some people are adamantly against like
having like multiple houses but listen
if we're gonna be Canon I went to
Illinois Barney anyway so this is myth
something about how dark and green and
metallic it is makes it look kind of
velvety I wouldn't say that this guy is
like a hundred percent transfer proof so
like if you're going to go out to eat
like definitely bring the tube with you
honestly for this color like I would
bring a lipstick tube anywhere number
four is the Too Faced melted matte
liquid lipstick in drop dead red I just
think it's a fun dramatic a deep wine
color this is one of the only like
classical matte formulas that's in
line up this one drive down to a true
Matt it's really long-lasting it's
definitely kind of dry but it clings
like it will stay on your face
sometimes when I'm putting on a really
matte lipstick I'll smile and then like
fill in the cracks just to keep
everything smooth this lipstick is kind
of like came to slay you like not came
to slay like slay like came to slay you
reminds me of kind of old Hollywood
Tower of Terror fans at all like a
murderous woman lipstick number three is
the colour-pop ultra satin lip in mess
around this may be the ultimate Sofia
not 1/4 brown lipstick so is this the
ten most different lipsticks in the
world video no not really but I just
want to show you guys my absolute
favorites and I really do reach for this
one all the time so yeah this is mess
around cuz we're just messing around
with some lipsticks having a good time I
think this one's kind of subtle it's
kind of sexy kind of nudie it is often
times in my bag and once again this is
the ultra satin lip formula because I
just love that freaking formula and I
could put that on my face all day long
that's out of sexual but I'm here for it
so moving right along to number two this
is the NYX liquid suede in the foul
mouthed dirty mouth clean it up with NYX
liquid suede
it smells almost exactly like the mr.
sketch scented markers in licorice I
absolutely love this color I will wear
this color any day of the week it's a
really really deep navy purple like not
quite navy blue not quite purple
somewhere in between almost like a deep
violet especially with these darker
colors you just want to cover the
butthole as much as possible it's kind
of like an Ursula look I just feel like
I'm chilling like a villain actually if
I had to rename this lipstick it would
definitely be chillin like a villain
imagine like Plankton's evil laugh you
know like it's just a more with this
lipstick shade on you just have to like
use your diaphragm I feel like this is
one of my go-to dark shades I just loved
it enough for it to make it to number
two on this list not quite to number one
I feel number one might surprise you
guys honestly but before
number one I have two honorable mentions
for you guys so honorable mentioned
number one is the Kylie lip kit in
ginger I love how the Kylie lip kit
smell they honestly smell like butter
beer to me I have a few Kylie lip kits
just because I've tested so many of her
makeups that I just have a lot of that
makeup she has like eyeshadows and
blushes and eyeliners and I still think
that the og like Kylie lip kit is her
best product it's very matte it's very
long-lasting I think it goes with a lot
of things I feel like it's pretty
universally flattering to me it's kind
of like if pumpkin spice were a lipstick
I feel like there's a stigma around
pumpkin spice lattes and like I'm not
saying I support like pumpkin spice
everything like I remember there was a
meme going around a pumpkin spice
tampons but I love a good pumpkin spice
latte they taste amazing I don't care
about the stigma I just felt like the
list might be incomplete without one
Kylie Lipkin honorable mentioned number
two I don't think I could make this
video without mentioning my favorite
black actually black dark as night -
lipstick because sometimes you just need
to go all the way this is the Kat Von D
everlasting liquid lip I believe it's
called yes in which is the Kat Von D
liquid lipsticks kind of smell like
Crayola Crayons which doesn't deter me
from wanting to chew on them somehow
obviously like when you're going for a
black lipstick like they're all gonna be
the same color the reason I go for this
one is tap on these lipsticks are
definitely on the kind of like more
matte clinging side having like a true
matte black lipstick is just kind of
like sexier I wouldn't necessarily want
like a shiny like patent leather black
lipstick I like this kind of like matte
batmobile color alright on to number one
before I tell you guys want my number
one favorite lipstick is I feel like I
have to re clarify but these things are
like of the moment I can't say it's
gonna be my favorite lipstick forever
and obviously had there have been times
before where I had other number-one
favorite lipsticks but I do love this
lipstick enough to give it the number
one slot it is the Urban Decay vice
lipstick in oblivion it's a grey purpley
taupey color this lipstick was an
accidental love I remember going into
Sephora
a different Urban Decay vice lipstick
swatching this one getting kind of
emotionally confused leaving Sephora
walking around for a while with the
swatch and then just being like I need
this color in my light coming back for
it and just being like yes you're coming
home with me the reason it got to be at
the top of my list besides the fact that
I was just drawn to it magnetically at
Sephora is because of how often I reach
for this thing this is another lipstick
that just kind of like lives in my bag
like I take this everywhere I feel like
I can wear it with any type of makeup
look still a cool color though it's also
in everyday color I really hope my
application is doing it justice right
now because i've swatched so many things
on my lips tonight already that my lips
are kind of chapped and dying it takes a
couple of coats to get full coverage but
it's just so wearable it does have like
a matte finish but it's not super matte
I just I'm a big fan so those are my top
ten favorite lipsticks of the moment
well kind of top 12 because I snuck in
those two honorable mentions so top 12
favorite lipsticks at the moment I
really hope you guys enjoyed that video
I hope that you guys didn't mind too
much when my swatching kind of like
decreased in quality a lipstick after
lipstick a day will come when I will
make an entire lipstick collection video
and I'll show you guys hopefully my then
improved storage situation I kind of
want those things that help the lipstick
stand up by themselves
but then I just kind of need like
bleachers of lipsticks you know I would
kind of need like stairs of those but I
hope you guys like that anyway I'm glad
I could share part of my lipstick
addiction with you guys I would love to
hear more about your guys's favorite
lipsticks I don't need to be enabled
necessarily but I just like to know you
know I feel like I just I like to know
what's in your makeup bags so just let
me know if you guys have an absolute
favorite lipstick that I should know
about and yeah thank you guys so much
for watching if you liked that video
make sure to so mash that like button
and if you want to see more videos like
this make sure to subscribe button and
make sure to Somesh that Bell icon to
turn on post notifications you get a
notification every time I post here my
social media handles and make sure to
check out
next beat I do a lot of daily vlogging q
and A's on there I've also seen a lot of
comments asking for a why I left
BuzzFeed video I want to be as open and
honest as possible with you guys so I'll
definitely make one in the next few
weeks I just wanted to wait until all
the videos that I was in on BuzzFeed had
been posted and also just wanted to wait
until the time was right anyway I hope
you guys have a wonderful week and I'll
see you next time pepper red pepper in
was she pulled for 7th grade
pepper and she was like what in a
million why are you taking them away you
are you know
