so I don't think I did it right
hello friends and welcome to another
video today we're going to be doing
something in honor of Valentine's Day
which has already passed so I ordered
Kylie Jenner's Kylie cosmetics
Valentine's Day collection and I ordered
it on a second and you know God bless
Kylie but it did not arrive at time for
Valentine's Day it actually did arrive
on Valentine's Day at like 6 or 7 p.m.
so obviously too late for us to film a
literal Valentine's Day right now but I
really wanted to film a Valentine's Day
collection video with my Valentine and
he's not just my Valentine on February
14th
he's my Valentine
that went from Sweden to creepy slash
call me very fast that's proof that
Sofia will inevitably cast me into
volcano at some point she's going to
have this represents the fire is burning
hot passion of my love I've been there
for many a purchasing of a kylie jenner
product okay this is true last December
when I was running around like the LA
area basically like trolling Craigslist
trying to find the Kylie lip kits Tyler
came with me to Orange County to meet
this girl - bye - Kylie lip kit off of
her and we like met in a Starbucks and
like exchanged cash in a parking lot and
ever since that time I've tested a
decent amount of Kylie makeup I feel
like honestly Kylie puts it out as fast
as I can test it listen you thought you
you thought you were finished when you
bought the holiday collection nope
Valentine's Day less than two months
later you know next year I bet you Labor
Day
Kylie leave a reflection so if you hang
out with us on next beat you might
remember a room where I put like KY
Majesty on his lips and like kind of
like hi Majesty my Majesty put like
little sort of like hearts and stuff of
the other lip kits around his face
so Tyler has had Kylie cosmetics on his
face before but we've never formally
tried them together that might have been
my only real foray into makeup but I
could not recognize quality I'm not
gonna let somebody else take this see
I'm not gonna let it be Freddy or I'm
gonna be Candace I want to be the one
sitting
I want to try this makeup let's see what
it's all about and like this
this what is this what are behind those
lips it's like looking at Picasso really
did Vinci just what's she thinking
what's what's next like kind majesty
you know like hi destiny so the first
thing we're gonna try is Kylie's diary
pressed powder palette do you want to do
the honors of course I do let's see here
ooh here there you go I get that second
camera shot there
here is the Kylie Jenner lip kit
basically her diary palette is like an
eyeshadow palette plus two blushes
gotcha
okay am I wearing this out tonight do
you would like to and you guys want to
see this in the description below you'll
see my going-out tutorial you can check
that one out it's pretty good it's
pretty good I have so let's start by
swatch and all the color so they can see
the colors and then we'll put a couple
in our face
let's do it you got a nice smokey blend
there right look nice metallic coming in
with this light pink one it's kind of
got a bubblegum flavor look oh it's a
nice smoky one I'm not getting anything
on my finger am I know I think I think
you're doing well
I did not space this out correctly up my
bicep by the end of this psyche I was
doing that to show my bicep off guys
don't worry about it there you go guys
is that you guys getting a feel for the
color palette and there they are BAE
heartbreaker make me blush sweet like
candy
love potion be mine heart eyes romance
and loves me not
I gave you a couple of eyeshadow brushes
that you can do whatever you want with
yep I always try to stick them up my
nose me too actually does this turn you
on for Valentine's Day yeah it does well
I'm not this wine won't let the wine
yeah I said I thought okay so go in for
hard ice tile we'll be creating an eye
look using heart eyes and romance
so eyeshadow goes above your eyes what
do you think you're not doing too bad
actually anyway I don't know yeah
smokier shade the crepes your eye it's
much harder to have one eye closed and
do this on the other eye than I thought
yeah I think I shadows hard okay you
agree you kind of look like a runway
model
no way like you kind of look like you're
doing some avant-garde stuff it looks a
little bit like an allergic reaction
turns out I'm allergic to this and I
have to grab an EpiPen ah
are you stabbing yourself in the dick so
you can't really see it but there's a
little bit of a smoky contour there I
love it you like it yeah don't give me
the credit okay it's it's Kylie I'm
gonna use Bay because I'm sitting with
my baby
yeah I'm gonna put like a silvery shade
like under my brow bone to be honest I
feel like I'm not someone who uses super
bright eyeshadow all the time but I do
like the mix it kind of like the toffee
gray stuff in with also like the really
Valentine's Day colors like it's hard to
make a Valentine's Day palette because
it's like red you don't want it just you
read the frosty blue really makes me
feel like it's really mid-2000 I went in
with romance in the crease and now I'm
taking heart eyes a little bit and
putting it on the outer corners I don't
know really what I did do you like it it
kind of feels like once again kind of
Xenon me this yeah you go Zenon I hope
when possible I do go Zenon I did not
look Pleasant
is there something those like a disco
look yeah a disco okay yeah a themed
party yeah yeah absolutely the two
blushes we have are called
first date and virginity do you think
virginity is kind of a weird name for
Valentine's Day it's almost like don't
lose it tonight oh I'll put first date
on my face okay I'll take virginity
that's that's fine so what am I supposed
to be doing the blush in general
basically so what I do with blush
specifically like not bronze are not
contour blush oh here to go for it yeah
no I'll figure it out it's kind of a
joker vibe to this right now
like oh yes right I see that some people
just like to watch the world burn I
found it I thought I would be the shiz
about
is my cocaine I don't see anything
happen with blush really I see it I see
it I can't tell if there's anything on
my face right now
you look very pink right now well look
beautiful you kind of look like your
drum
oh so I look I have a little Asian plush
I kind of have like a alien eye but like
normal cheek what's going on right so
it's all kind of coming together even
though virginity is a very weird name
for a blush I do kind of like the
virginity blush it's very kind of
natural-looking I like that you like it
okay so I think you'll agree nobody I'm
looking oh my god I just saw it
do you see the little like I look
hammered looks so drunk
so that's the Kylie's diary palette yeah
now we get to move on to the lip kiss I
don't have anything actually top guy
majesty for me I got both the minis and
B full-size lip kits so we have eight
lip kits to swatch a ton of stuff you
really buy in Kylie new car huh okay the
minis the midis so we've got the mini
lipsticks right here
I'm excited I'll be like there's a lot
of them they look kind of cute they're
small oh yes consumerism all the colors
in the mini kit she sells at full sizes
I'm pretty sure some of them are older
shades that she's like repackaged to be
in this kit because of them are her new
Valentines made specifically for
Valentine's Day all these things smell
good don't they smell like butter beer
right they smell like butter beer
yeah the perfect fragrance if you're
going for something is that it's butter
beer yeah maybe start at the top I'm
terrible I like water painting pesto's
I'm doing well
yeah hear that guys this one's Malibu I
wanted Malibu Barbie
I actually really like that color yeah
that color is sort of a Safi sadness me
I try on makeup
doing anything for you it's actually
sexually
yeah I wouldn't call it a boner jam but
it's not a hundred percent a
boner-killer gotcha
that's big this is Posie K I like how
like one of my big hairs is just
sticking out of it I love that I love
that they went from like
long and skinny to like short and stout
they have sort of like a alien markings
look to them
what are those Pokemon they're called
unknowns yeah yeah apricot Malibu high
maintenance Posie K head-over-heels Mary
Jo K these shades are not up my alley
merrily so I don't know that I would get
this kit obviously they smell great and
they have they're kind of like the
perfect amount of lipstick if it's not
your favorite lipstick well I look at
like a sampler honey if you go to like a
sports bar right and you're gonna get
like some of the the chicken wings some
of the jalapeno poppers a mozzarella
sticks
oh my think you don't really know what
you want or you're not willing to commit
to like an entire plate of mozzarella
sticks then you go with the minis
alright so these are the full-size ones
I am very excited to they know like
Kylie cosmetics goes back to the Kylie
Jenner lip kit that one's called
Valentine and this one's called
head-over-heels I'm a little bit
confused because head-over-heels is in a
full-size and in the small one but
Valentine isn't a full-size but not in
the small right so I don't know this is
the exclusive one ooh what's this
there's something else in here just two
things in yourself yeah they're supposed
to be two things what is this thing so
you have a lip liner it's like that
pencil thing this one's called head over
heels so it's one of the ones that
already we got in the mini set maybe she
just really likes head over heels and
she wants everyone have it no I think I
think Valentine is the holographic
Charizard the best part I ever had is a
holographic laparis that's not that good
this one scares me this one is Valentine
wow this thing is really really pink
that was like Barbie girl in a Barbie
world yeah I don't like that at all I
feel like out of all these colors my
actual favorite is Malibu mm-hmm but I
feel like for the spirit of Valentine's
Day we should do one of the Valentine's
Day colors so whichever one you don't
want I'll put on I'm gonna have to put
Valentine on my face all right I don't
know like I'm gonna have to jump on the
sword for this one I'm gonna drag my and
quick so this is a help you draw between
the lines yeah I just told you I'm not
that good at this so you're gonna do
great this is head over heels what do
you think oh you know it's really pretty
it kind of matches
I think it looks good so kind of like
makes sense altogether in a weird way
you fell on that sword for me thank you
for wearing Valentine I kind of wish
that I had chosen hers this is actually
in a kind of stressful sweet spot for me
I am not good at drawing I never have
been good at drawing a terrible
handwriting mom spaghetti that's all I
gotta say mom's spaghetti Tyler I
thought they were only saying mom's
forget it forget it
he's nervous forget it mom's stop
talking about it like how like squiggly
my line is clearly I'm like just like
shaking as I do it this is not that easy
honestly I mess up doing liquid lipstick
all the time you look you look like
Kylie Jenner you look like we're
anything so very attractive-looking yep
I would tunnel my cheese is it eat it
that's how you know before you put the
lipstick on actually I don't like the
look and now you love the look listen
Valentine is a hard color to pull off
and you're nailing it I think that
Tyler's look is more cohesive than mine
I think my look is kind of all over the
place to be honest I think others got a
theme he's sticking with that thesis
amateurism
if I were gonna need your look I would
name it madam hoodie puts t-shot which
is where Harriet Show had their date
where there was just like Valentine's
Day everywhere yeah hey Rin oh you
want more looks like this then check out
my tutorials you definitely have a Zenon
vibe to it
give me protozoa crush or give me
cetus-lupeedus there's so many zoo gives
me vibe to you going on right now hi I'm
Sofia and you're watching Sofia Nye
cards YouTube channel
overall what did you think of Kylie's
Valentine's Day collection I thought
there's a lot of cool colors in there
right because I think that you can kind
of explore different looks different
options and some I think that some of
these shades have rewear ability past
Valentine's Day I think some of them are
like really red and pink I don't think
you can do a neutral look with these
things that could be fun for a date it
could be fun for a party yeah it could
be fun for a rollerskating
disco yeah it'd be fun for a lot of
occasions so if you're someone who's
into bright colors this could be perfect
for you thank you guys so much for
watching if you liked this video make
sure to smash that like button and if
you want to see more videos like this
make sure to submission that subscribe
button and make sure to click that
little bell icon to turn on post
notifications so you get to see every
time we post and see this beautiful face
really just you know next level
tutorials you know do you look a little
bit like the matchmaker from New Orleans
to check out my social media handles and
make sure to check out my next beat I do
a lot of daily vlogging and q and A's on
there and there are Tyler social media
handles his next beat and his YouTube
channel so go ahead and check that out
we're gonna film another ti why soon one
of those coming your way
cuz you come into you soon coming to you
