hello friends and welcome to another
video this week I'm letting you my
subscribers choose my tattoo so a few
months ago when we hit 4 million
subscribers on this channel I let you
guys choose my hair color and during
that video we threw out the idea of
getting a tattoo if we got to 5 million
subscribers well if I hit 5 million subs
maybe I'll let them take my tattoo next
and lo and behold that day has come
now I've always been open to the idea of
getting a tattoo but I just hadn't found
something that meant enough to me to
actually get it and though I may have
said it jokingly a few months ago I've
actually thought about getting a channel
related tattoo for a while now I don't
usually talk a lot about my feelings
about the channel or even about the
channel in general in like a meadow way
but YouTube and making content for all
of you really means a lot to me to us
and even though there are challenges
along the way and long weeks and nights
it's truly changed my life for the
better and so when I think of an
accomplishment or a life event that
would be important enough to me to have
on my body for keepsies this channel is
far and away the number one choice
I mean Tyler's good too but I've heard
some stuff about significant other
tattoo jinxes so we're not gonna go
there right now so I thought if I was
gonna get a channel related tattoo why
not have you guys choose it or at least
help me choose it because obviously you
guys are a huge part of this channel and
we wouldn't be where we are today
without all of you out there watching ok
so this is what we did a couple of weeks
ago we asked you guys to email in ideas
of tattoos that you would like me to get
and we received quite a few submissions
in a lot of different styles some more
simple some more photorealistic some
more Illustrated and a lot of them were
original submissions so thank you to
everyone who drew something for me some
of my favorite one-off drawings were
this raven wearing platform crocks this
bat wearing some of our questionable
clothing items and this alien which i
think is me
carrying crusty along with a Sephora bag
speaking of crusty we did also see a lot
of submissions that were of Krusty's
face and body but after going through
all of your submissions we narrowed it
down to four options that reflected the
most popular ideas that you guys had as
well as the ones I liked the most as
tattoos from there we chose examples
that were in the style that I preferred
which ended up being smaller graphic
black ink simple designs and finally we
put those options in a pull at the end
of our latest video for you all to vote
on so our first finalist was a black bat
silhouette which i think represents me
in my true form as a giant wing in
marsupial and I think that out of all of
your suggestions bats were by far the
most popular submission the second
option that we put on the poll was an
outline of a moon which represents to me
all of the all-nighters pulled in the
last 18 months I wouldn't say I do my
best work at night but I would say I do
most of my work at night
the third finalist was an alien head
outline kind of like emoji style which
has actually been on my YouTube banner
since the beginning of our channel there
were a decent amount of full-body aliens
and UFOs as well but I think that the
simple head outline was my favorite
choice and finally our fourth option on
the poll was this cat and bats inside of
a circle which represents another large
section of the submissions that I would
call the fusion category a lot of you
guys sent us different motifs and
animals mixed together like alien bats
cat bats moon bats cats and moons cat
bats being abducted by aliens
etc but when I saw this particular
submission it really stood out to me
just a simple black silhouette of a cat
watching two bats fly off into the night
so those were our four options honorable
mentions go to the Franken for a
lipstick hello friends and Krusty of
course
maybe next time so I put those options
on the poll and gave you guys a few days
to vote I said early on that I was
reserve the decision of where the tattoo
should go for myself and I ended up
deciding on my left side ribcage which i
think is a pretty cool spot but it's
also gonna be hidden by my shirt or bra
almost all of the time so with that we
were ready to head off to the tattoo
parlor all right so we are heading to
skin deep tattoo and piercing in scenic
Glendale California and I am going to
get a tattoo it's real life I feel like
David after dentist but it's just a via
before tattoo as for who was gonna do it
we met up with tattoo artist and
youtuber Kimmy tan who does a lot of
tattoos in different styles including
ones that are similar to the submissions
we chose so we're here with Kimmy at
skin deep tattoo and it's all happening
so fast to feel before a tattoo you
supposed to be excited and ready and you
know mostly excited with this face right
now ah yes so I think we're gonna have
to tell you the results of the poll now
because unlike in the hair dyeing video
I don't think we can make it a surprise
so without further ado in fourth place
with 9% of the vote was the alien head I
guess no one likes my channel banner
that's fine in third place with 12
percent of the vote was the bat which
surprised me because you guys sent in so
many freaking bats maybe it's just a
loud marsupial minority our runner-up
with 28% of the vote was the moon I
guess there's only moderate love for the
creator of our planet's tides and in
first place with the whopping 49 percent
of the vote was our fusion cat bats and
Moon tableaux which makes sense because
it's kind of combining some of the
previous options together but even
though I would have been happy with any
of the choices I was really excited that
this design won because each element of
it sort of spoke to me from the first
time I saw it the little story of it in
my head is that the cat is our cat
crusty watching Tyler and me the
that's run around and be idiots while
editing our videos in the middle of the
night
hence the moon so you've been notified
as to what the winner of the poll was as
to what these guys decided that my
tattoo should be yes yeah and you've
been like doing some doodles or a kind
of like iterating off of it so as we had
mentioned in the last video the
illustrations for the options on the
poll weren't a hundred percent set since
we wanted to leave a little room for
Kimmie and I to tinker with it I got one
with a little striped-tail I got some
that are in a moon shape because I think
if you're gonna be getting it on your
ribs I think it would go better with
like the flow of your ribs rather than
just like a circle that like might warp
when you move your hands a little bit I
love this one as well though I like what
you did was like give me to the crescent
moon and then sort of filled in the rest
of the circle with like little dots what
do you think nice armpit shots most of
this video is gonna be filled with
armpit shots we deliberated for awhile
as to what the details should be like
specifically about the outer circle
slash moon thing would it be weird to
have the branch coming from nowhere it's
only weird you think it's weird you know
what I mean there really are no rules to
tattoos other than don't get your
boyfriend's name but in the end we
decided on the crescent moon with dots
completing the circle a little bit of a
skinnier tail for the cat and more of a
spindly looking branch almost like the
Seussian arm a Grinch arm Oh interesting
yeah now that you mention it when he's
all like yeah
so with our design set can we sketched
out the final draft and printed it into
a stencil
now I had looked at like a tattoo pain
map before doing this so I knew going
into it that the ribcage was not exactly
the most comfortable place to get done
it seems to be in the bring something to
bite on region let me put it this way
have you ever been scratched by your cat
yes pretty much like that
let's hope Krusty has been vicious
enough to me that I know what this will
be like the training so with some of our
pain questions answered we went on to
placing the stencil on my skin so Kimmy
had a template to work off of good thing
about the rib cage I don't only have to
shave it off well you might have to
shave mine very unharnessed replacing
the stencil I really liked how it all
looked I think it's awesome so this is
it all right
thank you for my tattoo thank you but we
realized that the exact spot we had
chosen would cause the tattoo to warp a
lot with my normal arm movements so we
decided to print another stencil and
place it a little further back which
would still stretch but hopefully not as
much oh yeah that's cool I think it's a
little less flexible back there though
obviously still like a little flexible
but like I can go backwards and forwards
without it compromising the integrity of
the design there you go all right well
let's go for it I guess
so with that Kimmy brought out the
tattoo bed and it was time to get a-goin
can my Birkenstocks come on the table
tell me where you want me
we had to tape my shirt back so it
wouldn't get in the way are you gonna do
that thing where you like count to five
but then you go on three no it's not
like a peers thing I have to do that
yeah I'm gonna start off with a really
small line first so just just so you can
get what it feels like and everything
before I actually start and then it was
time you know
okay oh yeah
feels like a cat scratch okay it feels
like you're just giving me like a flu
shot my first impression was that the
pain wasn't quite bring something to
bite on level I might eat my words it
doesn't hurt that bad but it also
doesn't feel like awesome I kind of feel
like I'm riding like a soothing train
you know because there's like some
vibrations so Kimmy started off by doing
the outlines of everything all right
tell me like what shape are you doing
right now and I can't see his tail the
butt Wow that cat really he came a long
way I actually very quickly ate my words
because the tattoo got more painful as
we got to different areas mm-hmm
doing the branches I feel the branches
yeah ribs in general are supposed to be
a more painful area because you're
closer to the bone versus like fleshy ER
parts of the body that said Kimmy did
tell us that what tattoos are apparently
very painful so I guess that's not a
hard and fast rule having a bite I know
I'm just flexing my Birkenstocks
that's my how I deal with the pain
besides work flexing I did develop a
couple of other coping techniques like
making insane faces okay I'm fine
Tyler and grabbing on to Tyler as he was
trying to film actually poking you and
the thigh helps me yeah I prefer trying
to scratch you infinitely oh yeah this
helps yeah
does this hurt you oh then it doesn't
help me I don't think I did any actual
damage to Tyler's arm but I feel like a
little pinching was only fair I think
I've become a scratch because human
scratching puffs this is like the chain
of pain so once Kimmy was done with the
outline all that was left was to fill it
in all right you said the filling in is
not so bad me personally I don't think
the filling in is that bad but like I
said everyone's different so I guess
you'll just have to say this is a weird
angle for me man
where's my hair even coming from so
Kimmy began shading starting with the
two bats
Tyler which bat do you think you are in
which bats me then I'm probably the
little one if the little ones chasing
the bigger one around and annoying it
okay that's more accurate but after a
little bit of the shading I actually
found that for me it hurt more than the
outlining you can't film anymore haha
I can't wait to review this footage and
see all the crazy faces I'm making if it
makes you feel any better because you
chose such a badass placement like for
your first tattoo your next one is not
gonna hurt as much my next one like my
first tattoos on my wrists and sock is
just like balls to the wall going
straight for the ribs I don't think I'm
gonna be getting a second tattoo any
time soon unless maybe I can take Tyler
down with me would you guys ever get
matching tattoos of a soft face yeah
just of my face I get my face and you
get my face as we got closer to the
finish line I think I did actually need
something to bite on so Kimmy gave me
some gum to chew I have so much gum in
my mouth I was like the biggest piece of
gum of my life
that's a it's a pain and to give Tyler's
arm a break I started focusing my
attention on visual stimuli around the
room to distract myself I'm just looking
at this girl over here is Birkenstocks
is literally a girl getting tattooed
right there wearing Birkenstocks
I relate for additional context I wear
Birkenstocks quite often and I've tried
to contact them a few times but they've
thoroughly ghosted me I was just
thinking about how much I talk about
Birkenstocks in videos and how they just
like don't want to talk to me ever the
company you think we're not tattooing at
Birkenstock 1t right now that's true and
apparently while getting a tattoo I'm
salty about it
dear Birkenstock this could have been us
but we play in but before the tea could
really be spilt although I'm not sure I
had any more team to spell Kimmy
announced that we were finally done
we're done Pusa oh my god
yep amazing can I stand up yeah I guess
the push is not may I stand up it's like
am I physically breathe you're probably
a little lightheaded
in through the nose out through his
mouth I have so much gum in my mouth I'm
gonna fall out okay so I think it's time
for us to take a look or at least me
everyone else has seen it
yes so after about an hour of tattooing
and a quick rush of blood to the head it
was time for the reveal you like it oh
my god it looks really good
oh yeah oh that's cool I think that
Kimmy did a really great job and our
final placement of the tattoo a little
setback seemed right and when you move
your arm around so much it doesn't work
like we did over yeah that's definitely
the right spot I like the one I go like
this it gets taller but it doesn't like
stretch sideways you know say yeah oh
that hurt a lot but it looks good you
did such a good job hi thank you so much
Korres did amazing how much fun you were
so great she did not move at all she was
great for her first time like seriously
can I give you a hug your is so great
your first tattoo so Kimmy wrapped me up
and gave us some aftercare instructions
and with that I took my tattoo and
headed home so that's my tattoo chosen
by you it's been a couple of days since
we got it so it's still in its crusting
phase right now and it'll be totally
healed in about a month
overall I really love this tattoo and
because it's so simple I feel like I
could easily add to it if I ever wanted
to so I'm not really in any hurry to do
that what matters most to me about this
tattoo is what it symbolizes so even
though the title of this video kind of
sounds like a shocking stunt I'm really
happy that you all were involved so
thank you again to everyone who sent in
submissions even if your design wasn't
featured there were so many great ones
that I might not have wanted as a tattoo
but like I do honestly want framed in my
house also if you happen to be someone
who
doesn't like tattoos or doesn't like
this tattoo well it's on the side of my
boobs so you'll probably never have to
see it again unless maybe we make
another fashion note or video or
something thank you guys so much for
watching if you liked that video make
sure to smash that like button and if
you want to see more videos like this
make sure to shamash that subscribe
button once again a big thank you to
Kimmy for helping us get this tattoo be
sure to check out her Channel and her
Instagram linked below
a big shout out to Christy for watching
thanks for watching Christy and I will
see you guys a next time
