usually I'm an alto my period is a
baritone I'm on my period
oh hello friends and welcome to another
video this week we're going to be trying
out the thanks period panties you guys
can't see these things because I've
hidden them moderately well but there's
a pimple sprouting above my eyebrow and
the top button of my pants are undone
because I'm on my period that's right I
started early this morning I'm not a
morning person but apparently my period
is the thinks period panties have been
out for a little while and they're
advertised basically as just like normal
underwear that can replace a pad or can
act as a panty liner on a really heavy
day they have different pairs of panties
like they have more heavy-duty ones for
sort of your more heavier flow days and
they also have a thong which is just for
the lighter days I have made other
people try period panties for a video
before but I've never tried period
panties myself and very excited to do so
in front of all you wonderful people
they wanted my period is pretty much
over and as you guys know I have a 7 day
period most of my bleeding happens on
days 1 2 & 3 4 & 5 are kind of like
medium and then 6 & 7 are just like
spurts I've been a tampon user since I
was about 16 so I'm really excited to
try something new this month and get my
claws into these panties so I got these
three pairs of period panties a hip
hugger a sport and a thong I have really
high hopes I've heard good things it's
supposed to feel dry and comfortable and
you don't have to worry about changing a
tampon or changing out a pad I'm just
really excited to try these guys out and
see if face is worth it lives up to the
hype and if this is a magical period
product that everyone should honestly
have it is very late at night so I'm
about to go to bed I am gonna wear one
of these guys to sleep tonight
high stakes hopefully I don't ruin the
sheets that would be very sad time to
put my first pair of period panties on
I'm gonna start with a hip hugger the
hip hugger is 34 bucks and it's supposed
to hold about two Tampa
I'm gonna try and put them on one-handed
here's the hip huggers from the front
here's the hip huggers from the back
let's um put these guys on okay so they
feel really soft they do feel a little
bit like swimwear I got the size medium
you can definitely tell that there's a
lining around the crotchal area it feels
a little more secure that I thought it
might they are on on the outside they
feel a lot like a swimsuit bottom but
they are pretty comfortable on the
inside they do feel mostly like normal
underwear they fit a little tight around
my leg openings but that makes sense cuz
you want to like have everything
contained I'm a huge fan of the fact
that they have this kind of like mesh at
the top the mesh waistband is super
comfortable it says it holds two tampons
worth so I say let's just get into it I
am NOT going to put any towel down
because I like to live dangerously also
ignore the fact that my sheets are
extremely wrinkly I'm about to turn in
for the night I just felt something drop
here's to hoping I can keep it in my
panties okay bye guys guess what there's
nothing on the shades I feel pretty dry
I wouldn't say I feel a hundred percent
desert dry I'm gonna shower and put on
the other pair but I'm gonna have to
wash these because I'm gonna have to
wear these again later today or tonight
I think my biggest issues just gonna be
I'm gonna have to be doing laundry a lot
maybe I should have bought more
underwear so I just took off the hip
huggers that I slept in and threw them
in the laundry while those guys are
being washed let's go for this sport
panty it's $32 a pair and it holds about
one and a half tampons worth oh my god
did you see on the front it says real
menstruating human too bad they didn't
know that I am NOT human
I am dancer this is the sport panty from
the front and this is the sport panty
from the back this one is the same
material as the last one it does feel a
little less thick but I can still feel
the lining on the inside so these guys
are supposed to hold
and a half tampons worth so that should
last me for a good few hours so I'm
actually doing a photo shoot right now
and my period panties are holding up
very well I will say though that I was
sitting down and I was so nervous that
the underwear would like shift a little
and it would leak out from the sides but
so far so good
two hours later I may have run into a
disaster I think I underestimated my
flow and I haven't had a chance to go
home and my panties have runneth over I
couldn't really tell that I had filled
it up until I went to the bathroom and
realized that the blood had soaked
through to the other side crap I can't
go home to get the other pair for a
couple of hours they said this one is
supposed to only be one and a half
tampons worth which should be enough for
like a few hours for me but maybe day
two is just too intense I'm just gonna
try and not sit down and hopefully it'll
just be able to hold up until I can go
home I didn't think to throw the song or
like the extra panty in my bag which is
my bad but also like I'm sad that this
happened okay so I'm finally home I
think the panties do a pretty good job
of keeping in the smell until you bleed
through and then the smell kind of
starts percolating
it was rank so I washed the sport
panties and they are drying on the
drying rack look at my sport panty it's
drying you can barely even tell that I
just completely soaked through it it
washes out quite nicely I also washed a
bunch of my yoga pants when we're going
to the mall right now and I put on my
hip huggers cuz we're going out for a
few hours I do
risk it with the thong so right now I
have like full-coverage underwear and
some extra padding around the crotch and
some pants
it doesn't feel uncomfortable
necessarily it just feels a little like
I'm wearing a little bit of a black hat
you know yeah you're smacking your butt
I don't know it's something because I
can't really feel it because there's so
much padding so I'm just like what
smacking your buzz so we went to the
mall and we came back and my period
panties are very dry and warm very warm
because there's lots of layers happening
besides that they're pretty comfortable
it's just a little bulky still I'm
mostly just sitting and editing today I
feel good about just wearing the sports
panty today I think we should be okay
for a little while and then maybe I'll
throw the thong on at the end of the day
the last pair that I bought was the song
I was so fascinated by the idea of a
thong being a period panty that I
thought I had to try it got it right
here so the thong is $24 and it holds
about half of the tampons worth it's
definitely got some coverage in the
front though a true thong in the back
we're only gonna be out for like an hour
too so hopefully they'll be fine
the thing that I'm really excited about
for the thong is the mesh waistband I'm
here for the mesh waistband you guys
know I would never put period panty and
sexy lingerie in the same room so I'm
pretty impressed that they were like no
we're gonna make it fall it's not not
cute it feels extremely comfortable
besides the fact that the front is kind
of slippery in swimsuit II it feels
almost exactly like a normal thong
we're out at in and out I'm wearing my
period thong and I feel great actually I
can't say that the river is rushing
forth right now it's actually pretty
calm downstairs unintended consequence
of wearing this thong Tyler just
screaming the thong song at every turn
nobody know who is it I've been walking
and sitting today I wore my sport briefs
even though the hip huggers must be the
one that holds the most liquid I find
that the sport panty feels a little bit
bulkier it's day six I'm just chilling
and editing again and I'm wearing the
thong and I feel very comfortable and
very secure it does have a use it's
great for like those last couple of days
where you're just like if I didn't wear
anything something bad might happen but
I just need a little something so it's
day 7 and I'm wearing my song under
leggings it's actually quite comfortable
but I did realize is that I haven't
exercised at all on these guys but just
to try it out I will get to yoga tonight
in this thong so I just got back from
yoga there's obviously a lot of
stretching a little bit of sweating
definitely a lot of like crotchal
movement I know today's the last day of
my period so it's not the best day to
actually see if I would have bled
through my clothes but I thought they
were comfortable under my yoga pants I
didn't feel like I had a wedgie I didn't
feel like it was two gathered up the
hottest and the sweatiest I've been is
when I wore the period panties under
jeans but under yoga pants they seem
pretty breathable so my period is over
now and so is my first thanks period
panty period overall as a tampon user I
found the first couple of days to be
kind of off-putting because I'm just not
used to the feeling of the drop besides
the one day that I overflowed it wasn't
too wet it wasn't 100% dry but it
definitely wasn't wet feeling my biggest
issue with these period panties are how
expensive they are they run it about
like 25 to 30 bucks
each which is pretty steep and unlike a
Diva Cup or something you don't need
just one I managed to get through the
week with just three but I was doing
laundry like constantly so I think like
if you're gonna use just period panties
you kind of need like five or six so I
actually found the thong really great to
just throw on for the last couple of
days of my period just to kind of like
catch anything left
my least favorite pair were the sport
panties I think now I also have a
complex against these because these are
the ones that completely overflowed on
me things does say on a heavier day
maybe bring a tampon or a backup I've
been using tampons for so long I kind of
know exactly how many tampons I need but
when you switch to a toll
new period product you don't know like
how much blood it holds the first couple
of uses are kind of troubleshooting
overall I think the thinks period
panties are a great supplementary
product to whatever period products
you're using
I love the thong and I think I'm gonna
continue to use it and they're pretty
secure and comfortable to sleep in so
I'm probably gonna use the hip huggers
to sleep in as well I think that
investing in one or two of these period
panties could be really helpful I don't
think for me I'm gonna go out buy more
and make like my only period product
these panties but I do think that they
have a place in the battle for
middle-earth
and when I say middle-earth I mean my
uterus thank you guys so much for
watching if you liked that video make
sure to Samantha t'en and if you want to
see more videos like this make sure to
also samac that subscribe button and
also click that bell to turn on post
notifications because I promise you
three videos a week absolutely promise
there'll be three videos a week on my
channel but I don't know if you guys can
tell but the days have become a little
bit murky but um you know three videos a
week are coming your way so click that
little bell and you won't miss a single
one check out my social media handles
and make sure to check out my next feet
I do a lot of daily vlogging and Q&A is
on there and thanks for watching
