I'd ask y'all at some point in my life
yeah I think that we thought that that
was stylish hello and welcome to Tyler's
parents basement Silex parents basement
outside of Philadelphia PA down here
scenic basement it's a cool man so I
don't know if you guys know but I am
really into pictures of baby that sounds
incredibly creepy but I am I love babies
and I especially love baby photos of
people that I know I've seen a few of
calories baby photos before people I
roasted a few of them as well her we are
in Tyler's family home which is the
treasure trove of baby photos a lot of
and so I thought what better thing to do
than to get Tyler and his mom to go
through all the baby photos find the
absolute best one and react to them
because I am NOT gonna be able to handle
the squeeze I'm going to be squeezed I
don't know is it a noun or a verb to
scoop screen I'm no idea we're talking
about you know oh yeah squeak it's a
short informative squeal I actually be
nice with so this is going to be a mix
of baby photos all the way up to
prepubescent so which I am going to be
surveyed about embarrassed by the end of
this it was mostly me choosing out the
photos because my mom didn't have a
reading glasses god bless her but she
did find the binders and she went
through them and flipped and she often
misidentified me as my sister I have
somewhat arranged this in chronological
order okay so you can just rip through
these there's so many there's a lot of
them oh yeah this was classic you'll
take a little sailor you're wearing like
a nautical suit yeah I know that was at
my nursery school we used like a photo
session and this is one of them I like
how in this one they put you next to
like a toy that looks like that you're
measuring something they're like at this
nursery school we teach them science
my dad has a photo that's almost
identical to this yeah something like
this and he's holding a phone book
upside down they gave him a book too
large right it's a phone book is upside
down he's like it's like the opposite of
the way I think baby photos are Jake
today we're they're like let's put a
funny outfit on the kid let's put them
in a spider-man costume no we're gonna
put you in like a little pseudo tuxedo
like that
I don't know why I'm near tears okay we
got to keep moving otherwise one for
crying this is a faulty your nose is
exactly the same kind of like the nose
is something that doesn't change that
much over the course your life really my
nose grew a lot eventually when we go
back to my family home and I got my baby
photos you'll see you'll be like okay
the thing that hasn't changed on her
face is the unibrow this is a bonafide
baby face this is like Togepi super
gub-gub face well god I am still
Michelle this chubby baby Tyler nautical
teeth knotted oh you were a full in life
jacket I'm gonna like jack life jacket
and sweater super Bakic there on that
one very bacon pair right now a long
hair yeah I have blonde hair until I was
like yeah you were you just eating you
sound like a ring of red stuff around
your mouth you were just like grubbin
yeah you are an adorably chubby baby
I was very chubby cheeks like chubby in
the face yeah did you yeah oh my god
look how you look like our ginger you
look like a redhead I love this stage of
babe you look like a woman yeah it looks
like an old man I look like an old man
who's always deliriously laughing oh my
god this is such an old man Tyler yeah
old man times I think I'm getting
younger and older looking your Benjamin
Button I love this photo because it's
like you're unprepared who are taking
the photos I'm trying to worry I'm
really bald looking you're really going
without a face then you can love me when
I'm 70 you know eyebrows either oh my
god is that your dad sighs yeah ain't my
dad balancing me on his side next to a
pool you look like so confused this is
all glamour than that one exactly maybe
Philip drunk maybe that look like drunk
adults oh you look like a drunk adult
here fat from breast milk me yeah I feel
like you look like this that's me when
it is like sitting and watching that
flex just I really want like Rene knees
yes all this looks just like each other
like me yeah mine is the fact you've got
a little bit of a bowl cut happening yes
you have a polo you let them some medium
wash jeans de-stress slightly up and
very nice this was me being like listen
this has got to be a cute photo
half-open mouth yes very like I'm going
to do a candid Instagram Samia my abs
the photo is bringing to grab and ha ha
ha ha ha he does okay this one I'm
convinced is my sister it can't actually
be me but my mom who was not wearing her
reading glasses was pretty sure that
this was me I think it's your sister
cute oh my god you're posing another one
yeah but when I was a little kid I was
the master of imitation of like body
language and so I feel like I saw
somebody standing with a golf club like
that I'm like this means I'm gonna go oh
you might not have been able to see it
before but I was wearing goggle
glasses everything is completely as -
your shirt is too big your shorts are
full saw that kill me though and this is
actually the classic look as you can see
my velcro shoes actually I wrote that
Club timer thinking I can't actually
play golf positions disaster any Jenner
clutched where we doing here this is oh
my god I won this is the saw lot but I
gave me a deep cut like collared shirt
which is open up more alive yeah so
classic always book chest but this is me
I'm a hundred percent rocking out to
something oh your dance and I think that
I'm even like pantomime England
instrument like maybe a Santa Fe yeah
I'm definitely doing that
I'll see you guys are wearing matching
white turtleneck something so
classically mid-nineties about a white
turtleneck on the kids this is Tyler's
Power Ranger face this is awesome you
make his face still makes it faces yeah
you kind of devious smile that's you're
like I'm peeing like with stuff that is
my I'm peeing myself a I don't pee
myself but when I go he's making a joke
about how he could perhaps team self
this is me a my science fair my topic is
on volume and weight and you got a
ribbon it's an era where everyone got a
ribbon
I am wearing a couple my head because I
was doing volumes and weights so I was
like hey look I got a couple my head
right cuz of volume is this your
handwriting right there that's my
handwriting because that your
handwriting has gotten worse my
handwriting's gotten a lot worse this is
a really cute picture though but you do
really look like one of the kids and
stranger things especially because of
the way you're kind of like notes of
super short choices yeah you kind of
look at 11 it's a crew-cut
you look really really sweet in here but
the notice me kids we were in Taiwan
actually when my aunt got married and I
classically put both of my fingers into
my nose and dance like this in front of
my whole family and what did you do I
put both of my fingers and nose like
this and I went on beat I went like this
and I've never ever been able to live
that down the way hey Tyler is a good
dancer right remember when you were sick
I felt like okay okay so this is the
very last one yes see this is when
you're saying like oh I was Johnny soon
on before this is what works for looking
for the most subtle muscle definition
having it the most subtle it's weird
I definitely was a kid of Aaron's so
it's a good old man baby Tyler then it
goes like kind of like vacant stare baby
Tyler oh yes then it turns into like
doing stuff Tyler yeah I was like kind
of on the go like golfing yeah doing
something very much go pointing yeah
doing stuff and then it's kind of like
mischievous preschool Tyler always we
are in the like Power Ranger phase
always attacking and then it goes like
awkwardly oh and the awkward phase hit
hard I mean you're cute the entire way
through and you're cute now I mean I'm
cute now back then I'll be honest I
think that my awkward phase when we
eventually do a video like this for me
yeah it's going to be way worse oh yeah
I've seen some teasers it's good I hope
you guys enjoyed that video as much as I
enjoyed making it if you liked this
video click that like button if you want
to see more videos like that click that
subscribe button here are my other
social media handles or other media as
well I live log on next beat every
Tuesday Thursday and Sunday come hang
out and Chou's me while I post stay
tuned for more videos like this we're
making more videos stay tuned man are we
doing this into two years we violence is
our sign up nowadays we don't picture
across you up there we can't go we can't
we can't change it now this is all we
got
