see this is sparta this is sparta
hello friends and welcome to another
video today is something of a
time-sensitive video because I did get a
surprise visitor in my pants this
morning that's right I'm on my period
you're welcome
not TMI I'm not sorry also if my eyes
look kind of red I promised I wasn't
pulling a Mariah Carey and going to the
weed dispensary in a full-length
ballgown nor is it my period blood
somehow rushing toward my eyes I was in
a different video this morning where I
had to put crushed charred almonds and
coconut oil right around my eyes I'm
Paul so today we're going to try out a
period beauty box
it's basically supposed to combat any
signs of like PMS laughs just like
period face any pimples dryness dullness
so here the items that you get would be
that time of the month variety packs
then bad boy is 12 bucks it comes with
five sheet masks for every day of your
period day one day two day three day
four day five there's a day five one of
them which is hydrating two of them
which are brightening and two of them
which are blemished hair I'm more of a
seven-day kind of gal I almost happen
but that's fine I'll just not have a
sheet mask for last to me I can't
necessarily say I can notice myself
being like dull or dry on my periods but
I definitely have noticed tipples here
and there before I feel like most of my
attention is directed towards the uterus
itself I'm excited to try something new
maybe is some attention up here for a
change they also give you this chocolate
this looked to me like I'm like popping
cookie and you get a cat head bang cat
Oh am i appraisee kid I like the
headband I'm always down for chocolate
so I say let's get into it I'm a cat I'm
a cat lover I'm a cat so let's get into
this
boy this is the blemish care mask
preflighting once that employer looks
kind of great doesn't it that appetizing
it's very cooling feels like the kind of
mask is going to make your skin tight
afterwards
it makes sense because of the blemish
mask they're probably trying to dry out
in a blemishes it smells a lot like hand
sanitizer but now it's just like so much
happening on my face and my uterus at
the same time all right throughout 20
minutes let's take you halfway off it's
been very relaxing to be on it do I look
blemish-free I'm wearing a mask too with
sheet mask it's hard to say like just
before and after like you look really
different I think it's more of just like
it's giving good stuff to your skin it's
being nice and cooling it's just like
I'm alone with calm so they're treating
yourself offsets dimensional grams
retail sales so I'm going to try the
brightening mask next I think that
alternating blemish brightening blemish
brightening will kind of like help my
skin have a nice variety you know I put
my mask on about 20 minutes ago I should
probably take it off but I don't
adjusters like Kat it's date 3 and I do
actually see a couple of bits of a
hearing so I'm going to go back in with
the blemish care mask back at it again
with the green man I actually did get
some mask liquid in my eye and it was
kind of painful
all right here's hoping the desserts on
my chin go down a little bit from this
stuff time for mass number 4 I do kind
of feel like my face with it a little
bit more irritated than usual but I
can't tell if that's because of my
period or because I've just been like
completely changing my skincare regimen
but I will say I'm having fun day 5
things are winding down downstairs
things are heating up up
it's called pick arrow I say that right
oh no this chocolates really good with
my feels slightly better than Poppy's
well finally the last one it's the
moisturizing one the funny thing it is
now and moisturizing all these little
pimples and a pop up in my face
I needed a commendable that they were
like within being on your period
is like kind of sucky time let's make it
more fun you feel free betta betcha
so today is day six of my period and yes
I'm still in my period but no I have no
masks left I only have this tip a row
was a system rock I really love that
instead of pretending that periods don't
exist this company was like paint period
to exist and your skin does have
different concerns when you're on your
hair it's like let's try and do
something about it
and they gave me chocolate also you guys
how my skin looks like once I take off
my makeup tonight it's not like an after
shot
I play out of all the masks my favorite
was probably the moisturizing one which
was the last one I'm using kind of
person who likes a moisturizing sheet
mask I don't actually know if the sheet
masks helped my skin I do have a couple
of pimples right now and I wonder if
that because I did five sheet masks in a
row and I usually only do like two one a
week everyone has different skin so
these sheet masks might work really well
for other people but the cat headband is
awesome the pickerel is awesome it was
like a fun thing to do every night kind
of felt like some good self-care I think
I could probably achieve the same effect
just using your favorite brand of sheet
masks during your period to just give
your skin a boost but this kit is
adorable and it's not expensive so if it
seems interesting to you I take away I
know I can't really be more expressive I
can't move my face a lot but I do like
this so thank you guys so much for
watching and letting me talk about my
period if you guys want to see more
content like
it click that like button and then
that's subscribe button down there
period content
yeah here my social media handle
somewhere over here as I'm Vanna White
in the air somewhere over here check out
my next feat I blog live every Tuesday
Thursday and Sunday you know where we're
going for about a how one period video
month pretty much as many as I can film
I can only produce so much blood you
look so bad don't
