I am curious about the poops what colors
will be I don't think there will happen
it will be rainbow there is a pill that
makes you poop glitter about we'll have
to do that one next
hello friends and welcome to another
video where we are going to be trying
instagram rainbow bagels i'm pointing at
them
Tyler's rules for vlogging here's step
one point all the time to forceful hand
gestures Julia Roberts Julia robbed her
so I saw these rainbow bagels on
Instagram probably honestly like over a
year and a half ago and I've seen them
consistently on Instagram and online
since then I've seen a few think pieces
okay thank pieces maybe more like
articles and every time I see it I'm
like that looks crazy I wonder what it
tastes like I want one
the other thing is like it has been at
least a year and a half I think since
they were released it's not exactly
trendy right now but I've seen them so
many times that I really want to go get
them subscribe this channel to see us
try out trends a year late so we're
visiting Tyler's sister in New York over
the holidays and I thought what a great
opportunity to find these rainbow bagels
I know they're somewhere in Brooklyn
somewhere out there somewhere over the
rainbow okay they're gonna rainbow
bagels yeah we're gonna get on the train
we're about the net to Brooklyn and
we're gonna get these rainbow bagels
once and for all we're in route in route
on the route
I'm very excited I've been waiting so
long for this moment longer
you're walking up to
it looks like there's nowhere to sit you
must
we've made it out to Brooklyn to get
these bagels there is a crowd outside of
the bagel store though so it seems like
they are still doing well gonna shine
maybe even more when it's raining at the
end of the rain genomic housework the
bagel and I am stoked to finally get
these things after wanting them from
Instagram for like two years histogram
has been taught to me Instagram and it
was named Jonathan Jonathan Cheban yeah
if that's his name I know he's according
to these bagels he's not eating the
rainbow bagel he's just eating a cake
why is this happening for it being
really raining outside and kind of like
a random day it's pretty crowded in here
I can imagine on like a nice day on like
a weekend it's very very very crowded so
what I've seen on these rainbow bagels
is you get kind of like a sprinkle II
like funfetti type cream cheese and it's
kind of like a desert bagel I know you
can put other things on the bagels but I
think that what I would want is just the
full experience I'm not gonna get that
we just ordered and I'm pretty jazzed to
get it I'm really excited yeah i was
really just how excited I was until I
got here and I saw I got the classic
rainbow bagel of foot Betty and Tyler
got the New Year's bagel for us
wait it's New Years purple silver and
classic black with edible gold just to
clarify you might get a bacon egg and
cheese
I'm really hungry see that's my real
time can you actually use it like a
normal baby it might be really weird I'm
excited for how the bagel looks I hope
it tastes like a normal baby also I
don't then want a normal bagel
afterwards I'm telling you I think it's
just gonna be food color you know it's
like coca-cola is actually clear and
then they put like the brown food
coloring in there to make it look more
Carl moly yeah I hope it tastes like a
rainbow
charms taste the rainbow skittles though
so it's really crowded inside and it's
raining outside so we're gonna go back
to Tyler's sister's apartment where
we're hanging out and eat them they're
backing vocals heckle schmear
okay so we are here in Tyler sisters
apartment we have our rainbow bagels
we've been waiting for a little while
they might be a little cold but I'm
excited the effect is still the same I
just can't believe we have these in our
hands finally after all these years I
think the guys that it was like sort of
vanilla flavor right but to me it looks
like a giant fruit loop I didn't think
that it was supposed to taste any
different that was just diamond I think
those would taste like a dessert maple
and this was like well you get like a
pizza Pete well then I'm like a
McGriddle right now I'm gonna put the
meat on it whatever it's just a mixing
things together savory sweet works all
the same I think at first I thought I
was you know doing the authentic thing
and getting the funfetti but now seeing
Tyler's breakfast bagels make me really
hungry
real food just fell on the ground Cheers
I'm not sure that the egg and the bacon
was gonna call it's not a different
consistency that other bagels what I can
tell you about this is that the funfetti
cream cheese it's freaking amazing
I can't really taste the bagel at all
I'm just getting funfetti cream cheese
and it's awesome all around it's
basically like better frosting because
frostings too sweet so this has some
cheese in it yeah when frosting gets too
sweet this just keeps in just a little
and that that's our cheese the sour
cream cheese flavor the bagel is
aesthetically hilarious I want to take
an Instagram with it a little bit really
spongy inside I D bacon this just to get
a bite of Tyler's tip it's not bad right
it just doesn't taste like it's supposed
to be like that no exactly that's
exactly right cuz like it still tastes
like egg and an egg sandwich there's
eggs and cheese and for mine bacon so if
that tastes good it's just it's delivery
to file it's like I'll gather a bit
different aesthetically it actually
definitely exceeds expectations they're
adorable I know that you're Judas little
trinkets ever and you do want to eat
them so it's really worth going to and
trying out I mean it
looks like a scooby-doo like mystery or
shoot it's literally to pimp my ride is
the exhibit Babel will I replace all of
my bagels with rainbow bagels because
you still need like successfully you
need the everything everything but it's
super fun to look at and it's fun to
just refer the novelty of it thank you
for taking that was super fun all right
rainbow bagels welcome please great for
your Instagram is really good for your
street cred yeah you walk around this
thing you are like thank you guys so
much for watching if you like this video
give this video a big thumbs up and if
you want to see more videos like this
click Subscribe here are my social media
handles on which I post things I've been
a pretty normal rate check out my next
feet where I vlog live every Tuesdays
Thursdays and Sundays cutting out
chopping meat it'll be really awesome
I'll be there too we can talk about
hallo bagels and talk about different
types of bagels we talked about egg
sandwiches Tyler's three areas of
conversational expertise
