hello friends and welcome to another
video today we're gonna be trying out a
full face of Japanese drugstore makeup
so a couple of weeks ago we traveled to
Japan to film a few videos and while we
were there we wanted to explore Japanese
makeup trends just a little bit I feel
like I hear a lot about J Beauty and we
did try Daiso makeup a while back but I
wanted to try out some products that are
actually used in everyday makeup
routines so our friend rinrin who is a
Tokyo local as well as a youtuber and a
Lolita model helped us shop for some
makeup products for our Tokyo street
fashion makeover and she also gave us
some tips on what kind of makeup looks
are popular in Japan overall so we
combined what we learned from her with a
bit of our own research and went to a
drugstore to purchase a full face of
products to make our own Japan inspired
makeup look so the drugstore we went to
is called Ames and to pay and it's
located in the main area of the Hara
juku neighborhood pretty much right when
you get off the train from what I can
tell a lot of makeup shopping in Tokyo
happens in drugstores like these which
are pretty plentiful all around the city
there are also some free-standing brand
makeup stores like Mak Chu Lu Maura and
Anna Tsui
but these drugstores stock a lot of
brands and products at varying price
points so it's almost like having an
Ulta type selection contained inside of
a drugstore so Anson tool Pei has a lot
of their best selling makeup products on
the main floor but the true treasure
trove is downstairs on the lower floor
where they have their full brand
displays as well as tools and other
miscellaneous items like foot care
that's what the hammer toes need so we
bought a bunch of makeup products as
well as some duplicates just for backup
if you see me buying multiples I'm PC
experimenting we can't come back no this
is the only chance I got
and a few extra fun things that rinrin
had recommended I'm getting this for you
it's an ear cleaner oh yeah thank you I
think that that's hopefully everything
I'm excited and oh yeah we did all of
this like the hour before we were
supposed to leave for our flight back to
LA so good planning on our part all
right we should actually really go to
the airport probably yeah running late
alright so we are now back in America so
we didn't miss our flight no and we've
got our hall still in the bag from Japan
so we've got a full face of makeup so
worth of products in here so let's start
off like we usually do with the eyebrows
so to start off I've got these sort of
like eyebrow trimming comb scissors
rinrin specifically recommended these
there is like eyebrow trimming scissors
and people just like trim it and then
just draw it in some people even like
wax the tails off as my mom does oh you
laser your eyebrows often in the 90s
another fun thing is I've downloaded a
few translation apps on my phone so we
can see exactly or approximately what is
said on these packages alright so on
these little scissors Google Translate
says the text is this point scooped and
cut easily I cut it as a push so I can
do it with one hand that is easy to
arrange you know it's a very approximate
the general idea is just saying that you
can cut your eyebrows easily with one
hand they look high stakes to me I mean
it seems straightforward enough let's
just dive right in oh my god I'm like
about to do this alright so I think you
comb up your eyebrows and then trim oh
I'm so nervous I got to start at the end
if I cut my eyebrows off what happens in
the channel oh that totally did
something was that good or was that bad
the tail is gone this is like a pretty
risky experiment oh okay maybe I just
have enough eyebrow hair that actually
it's not that big of a
it's actually just like cutting off like
almost like the first coat just mowing
the lawn here I wonder how these guys
would deal with the sideburns
not bad sideburn trimmer what do they
see the babe that'll do Pig that'll do
trimmers
that'll do scissors that was not an
accent that anyone speaks in I do think
these eyebrow trimmers are pretty good
but it's hard to know like exactly what
you're cutting because the comb like
obscures your eyebrow so I feel like you
could really do some damage I just feel
like my eyebrows are thick enough that
like I was able to sort of just cut
really nilly but like you can definitely
tell that like some of the thickness is
gone all right so next up is the brow
powder so this is the natural powder
brow liner oh that's fun daubrey will
fit my brow yeah I could I also like
this little mask it's just like stencil
your eyebrows almost oh I guess maybe
you could use it as an eyebrow stencil
but my eyebrows don't really fit all
right so I guess I'm just gonna apply
this I think it's just sort of supposed
to look natural smoked out imprecise in
a way ooh it's very dry it does
definitely feel like I'm just putting
sort of powder in there it makes like a
nice ASMR sound you wanna give us a
little dose yeah ready I did get a more
Brown color than I usually do for my
eyebrows because rinrin mentioned that
like a lot of sort of natural brown
colors are pretty popular in japan
overall I actually kind of like this I
feel like usually I have sort of a
Disney villain eyebrow going on and this
is a little more of like an Emma Watson
as Belle eyebrow strong yet soft what
you know Emma Watson is just about like
strong brows right yes anyone and with
that let's move on to the eyeshadow so
I've got this excel I shadow quad and
sort of like a rosy Brown neutral color
story other story I'm trying something
so a lot of eyeshadow is in Japan they
have pearly finishes also a lot of
neutrals Browns
like this sort of color is very big all
right so I think I'm just gonna go for
sort of like a gradient look almost just
like the darkest shade at the bottom and
then just getting lighter as we go up I
like that this is sort of a pink themed
palette that doesn't make you look like
you have pink eye you don't have any of
that sort of infectious swash right so
I'm just gonna highlight under my brow
boom and I think that's like pretty much
the look I don't know that I need to do
that much blending because these colors
aren't super pigmented they're more just
like a soft touch of shimmer and color
but I think that overall it's sort of a
nice effect and I think they're pretty
easy to use so now we're gonna move on
to the complexion products and the first
product we're gonna dive in with is this
V se color controller and I got it in
this pink color because usually I use
like a peach color corrector under my
eyes to get at that under-eye bag egde
it looks like a little pen and on this
side oh it's a little puff I think I
maybe twist it perhaps oh oh did you get
that yeah okay
are you ready for some spot treatment
but al aboute al aboute al oh that's
cool I'm just gonna use their end to
sort of spread it around I'm just sort
of like painting my face that doesn't
seem right
my fingers are definitely the better
choice as they're like blending it out
more softly but this is a pretty opaque
color corrector it's definitely like
bright but it's not half bad so next up
we're gonna go with this Kate stick
concealer I couldn't really find a lot
of liquid concealers around the
drugstore but thankfully we could at
least find this stick concealer Kate's
coming through in the clutch I think
that this is more for spot treatment
rather than like slathering around your
under eyes so I'm just gonna use this to
like cover a couple of zits and then
we'll move on to the foundation so next
up is one of rinrin's Holy Grail
products that she said we should try the
Maybelline pure BB mineral cushion
foundation even though it's Maybelline
it is apparently not available in the US
so Japan exclusive or I know that for
sure but not America exclusive alright
so I'm gonna use the puffs they've
provided and I'm just gonna press in oh
wow that's a lot and then press on oh I
need to hold on stronger should I just
dab like a Beauty Blender or shall I
drag probably dad oh this smells very
clean yeah I guess welcome here like a
clean and clear toner that is what it
smells like yeah I actually think I'm a
fan of this foundation I leave the
coverage is pretty decent and I can't
really feel it like it's pretty light
which is nice
overall the finish is not incredibly
matte but it's not too oily or heavy
feeling I'd call it statins
my only real qualms with it is I'm just
not sure how much foundation is in there
right because it seems like such a small
sponge and it's such a small container I
just I don't understand did I already
finish it I can't tell that would suck
yeah all right so I'm gonna close the
chapter on our cushion foundation that's
pretty good they all came together and
now we're gonna move on to the blush so
this is a cream blush by the brand can
make which rinrin described as a popular
student brand it's a less expensive
brand and this cream cheap product is
apparently very popular there is a fair
amount of Japanese text on here so why
don't we whip out our Translate app once
again and see what's going on
ah what it says is blood to sensation 53
exposure what I mean I can only assume
that they're not really talking about
like a blood thirsty kind of blood Oh
things are going well like it's not
really like a Dracula moment it's more
of like a the blood is rushing to my
face smell and basically I'm just gonna
use my fingers and dab it on my like
upper cheekbones and under eye area oh
yeah oh wow that's pink because that's
definitely the trend right now that we
noticed in Japan under this area it just
looks kind of like you've just done like
a lot of exercising your activity and
was just kind of like a lively the cream
blush is also supposed to provide a
little bit of a dewy finish since dewy
skin is like pretty popular in Japan
like I saw that there was like a huge
craze about glass skin in the US for a
bit that's like normal hair to think
about this is that I'm just not sure
when to stop you and I need your whole
hand how am is to ham here like as pink
as a ham exactly alright I think let's
go with this in general
I do like the cream blush and I
especially like the sheen it gives my
cheekbones it's almost like a
highlighter without the shimmer it's so
it's like sweat it's like you did
actually just come from the gym alright
so cream blush a chick okay so really
quick I'm just gonna - on some of my own
face powder just to you know get some
help in here it seems like loose setting
powder is actually not that popular in
Japan but my face oil runs in
rivers and streams and I'm just I'm
trying to put up some barriers alright
so next up we've got contour and
highlight in general I think that
contouring as in like cheek chiseling
isn't super popular in Japan but nose
contouring is so this is called Kate
designing eyebrow 3d and rinrin
recommended this to us to use as a nose
shadow kit so we've got sort of just
like a little powder palette in here and
um I'm not super great at nose contour
but you know if it's part of the look
was that right my days are blending but
it's on I think I made my nose look more
crooked than before because isn't the
point of nose contouring to sort of make
your nose look slender and straighter
you're asking me I'm asking the universe
so I'm just gonna blend this out and
blend it to the point of almost away
alright yeah see it's it's gone mostly
so we're gonna go with that as our nose
shadow I'm not saying that you can't use
this kit for a nose contour but I don't
know if I can use this kit for a nose
contour alright so for our highlighter I
have this excel shiny powder in silver
pink kind of to go with the whole pink
theme that's been happening so I'm just
gonna put a little bit on this brush
right here and we'll just slap that
right on there oh yeah that came in hard
and fast yeah the glitter chunks are
strong with this one but it does sort of
complement the shininess of the cream
blush my cheeks they're just like uh a
lighthouse granting you safe passage to
the coast there that's how bright they
are also though while we're on the step
of highlighting I'm gonna go back into
our XL eye shadow quad and highlight my
under eye area just a little bit this is
apparently a very popular like makeup
look in Japan to make this little bit
seem more puffy people can go and like
really heavy and also even do like hair
ilanic acid injections to physically
poof it up alright in general I feel
like this effect makes me look kind of
happy kind of like I'm like smiling and
like my cheek is like going into my eye
kind of you know I'm saying like I was
like dimples so with that done now we're
gonna go in for our final pass on the
eye products and we're gonna start off
with the eye liner
so this is the mote a liner which is
like rinrin's like Holy Grail product so
I'm basically just gonna apply this to
my lash line but then at the end instead
of flicking up like a cat eye I'm going
to drag the line downwards like a not
cat eye all right here we go I actually
really like this tip it's kind of like a
brush tip instead of a felt tip marker
which is always nice once I've got kind
of like the whole normal lash line down
then I'll sort of drag the end down
slightly kind of like that I guess right
as we mentioned in our Tokyo makeover
video the droopy eye look is apparently
very popular in Japan it looks like your
kinder you know like in anime you'll see
like the kinder softer characters have
this like drew to their eyes and then
the more Stern type of characters have
this pointed look it's actually a little
bit easier to do like a droopy eye look
you're just kind of like and I think
after a few strokes this island or
definitely does show up quite nicely is
that even actually I think that's pretty
even huh I shouldn't try and fix it
because that's what it always goes wrong
all right so I think this is my finished
eyeliner so next up we're gonna go in
with this eyelash curler which has like
a little comb attached to the top I've
never seen that before so I thought we
might as well grab it also there's very
little English text on here
so why don't we whip out our translator
to try and see what's going on all right
so it says spread in fan shape with
separate combs eyelashes will be
beautiful without becoming a bunch in
the gap that's pretty coherent this
translator is getting better or maybe
this text is just bigger so it
recognizes more of it see the thing
about an eyelash curler is I feel like
it always looks mildly like a medieval
torture device oh yeah with the comb it
looks even more like a deep-sea fish or
like a prehistoric shark anyway I guess
we'll put this on my face now oh okay
pearling clamping so they've got some of
my eyelid but like it's too late and
release what do you think cute I do
think it looks a little curlier but not
like significantly so all right I'm
going in for the second eye now gonna
insert my lashes
thing is I don't think that comb is like
getting all the individual ones it's
getting like a few in each slot and then
I'm gonna clamp down and then release oh
that definitely did something all right
I might need to redo the other eye real
quick to help it match but that looks
pretty nice I feel like the eyebrow
trimming scissors did a really good job
of separating out the individual hairs
but I think that this guy was mostly
just an eyelash curler with extra teeth
for no reason so with our eyelashes
curled we're gonna go in with a quick
sweep of mascara this is the multi
mascara which is also one of rinrin's
favorites I will say that both this and
the eyeliner have very sleek metallic
packaging that's like kind of sexy ooh
that smells like a marker but it looks
kind of cool sort of um angled or
phallic maybe a little phallic yes
alright let's go in shall we
oh okay I like this mascara a lot
actually it's not super voluminous but I
think it's nice oh I just dropped that
it is making my lashes look pretty long
and also pretty separated the mascara I
got was an impact oh one dramatic and
yeah I guess on the top it does say that
it's a ten in length so whatever that
means so I may have done this out of
order but next up I'm gonna do my
colored contacts I don't usually wear
colored contacts but they seem to like a
pretty popular item in the drugstore and
they were right next to the makeup all
right I don't think it matters which eye
is which oh oh oh they're so floppy my
contacts are like way more stiff these
are like way wetter oh my god oh you
hurt it definitely stings a little bit
but I can't tell if that's normal I
think it's getting better over time and
I can't actually see pretty well like
right through the middle of them but
around the sides it's almost like I've
got like a vignette filter on my whole
vision hello Tyler you look interesting
you look so romantic
oh wow I kind of like this look to be
honest I've been closed up it looks kind
of terrifying but from far away it looks
kind of fun I don't know if I could
handle wearing these everyday just
because of the slight cloudiness but I
think for a special occasion you could
do something fun all right so that's
pretty much our eye look so let's move
on to our fine
step the lipstick okay so this is the
can make stay on BOM Rouge I apologize I
already ripped off the plastic because I
got excited it almost looks like a
cherry chapstick I mean it's called a
bomb we show it is almost like a tinted
lip balm in a way so a lot of the
lipsticks are sort of if not here and
sort of like a soft walk and I think in
general the Japanese lip trend is to not
over line your lips and kind of just
keep it like blotted all right I'm
almost blending this out with my finger
and that's it tada
in general this lipstick is almost more
of a gloss but I think that it feels
really nice it smells like pretty much
nothing at all and I think it looks
pretty complimentary to the rest of the
look canmake is also pretty affordable
so it's good for the price all right so
this is my full Japanese drugstore
makeup look in general I actually really
like this look it's definitely very
different from how I usually do my
makeup and overall I think that Japanese
makeup trends are more cheery and puffy
if that doesn't sound too weird then
American makeup trends right now like my
under eyes are a little puffy I'm sort
of flushed around here I'm sort of
droopy and kind of bitten in terms of
which products I would use again I don't
think I'm gonna be reaching for the nose
shadow or the highlighter the
highlighter is a little too glittery for
me and the nose shadow is not quite
beginner-friendly
enough for me but I think that the
eyeliner mascara and foundation I
actually will use again as for the
beauty tools they were overall pretty
high stakes feeling but I think that
they were pretty solid there were also a
couple of tools that we bought that
didn't make it into the video like this
ear cleaner that I got for Tyler which
I'm very excited to try like I look
sleek very disconcerted he's like this
is really working here that really hurts
just because he's behind the camera
doesn't mean he'll remain unscathed
thank you guys so much for watching I
hope you guys enjoyed this little
excursion to Japan and all of the videos
that we made from it also I wanted to
say a giant thank you to you guys for 5
million subscribers we did want to do
something to celebrate with you guys and
as we mentioned in our I let my
subscribers pick my hair color video
we're gonna let you guys pick my first
tattoo within reason
so I've created
an email address specifically for this
video called Sophia's new tattoo at
gmail.com and I'm gonna be fielding
original tattoo submissions from you
guys so if you are into illustration or
drawing or whatever and you have an idea
for what my first half who should be
please submit your designs along with
your name - Sophia's new tattoo at
gmail.com in terms of the placement of
said tattoo I think I'm going to reserve
that decision for me just so I don't end
up with a tattoo across my forehead that
says boaty mcboatface if you liked this
video make sure to smash that like
button and if you want to see more
videos like this make sure to true mash
that subscribe button a big shout out to
Debbie cuff for watching thanks for
watching Debbie qey and I will see you
guys next time
