hello friends and welcome to another
video today I'm gonna be buying a week's
worth of clothing from fashion Nova now
fashion Nova is a trendy online clothing
retailer that I see freaking everywhere
and I guess that makes sense because
they really go ham with the marketing
you may recognize their name from the
hashtag Nova babes which surprised me by
not being a hashtag about ladies who
attend if I would know of a university
unlike other online retailers like wish
and romwe fashion Nova's prices are not
suspiciously low but like those other
online retailers a lot of the mystique
around fashion Nova exists because it's
not clear if the clothes are as good in
real life as they are in the photos and
a lot of the posts about fashion Nova
seem to be sponsored or partnered
content so it's hard to find an unbiased
review so today I'm gonna be diving
headfirst into the fashion Nova coat
kate Grotto and buying a week's worth of
outfits in my quest to become a
Villanova babe all right let's start
shopping okay so I'm gonna open up
fashion Nova comm and I'm also gonna
open up a fashion Nova's Instagram what
fashion Nova does on their Instagram is
that they have like their own posts that
are like their sort of online catalog
models but they will also repost their
Nova babes wearing their fashion Nova
clothing so I basically want to go
through and like find Nova babe posts
and then try and recreate their outfits
and see how they look on me a not Nova
babe all right yes here are some dresses
some body suits oh look there's a Nova
babe with her Nova Bay oh you know what
I said Nova Bay as a joke but actually
that is a hashtag at this caption oh wow
this looks like a very distressed pair
of jeans that is specifically distressed
on the butt cheek I've actually never
seen that before but you know I've worn
my fair share of strange denim so I feel
like you know maybe we could go for this
I could wear some boy shorts maybe
borrow some briefs from Tyler and we
could just
sort of do like a peekaboo situation so
I'm gonna go to the fashion Nova site
and then search this term the truth
about it denim Bermudez all right so
let's see what size I could be in these
based on this size chart
I'm gonna guess I'm a size 9 all right
so let me add these to the cart and then
let me see what she's wearing on her top
again uh it's called the meshing u cami
like she's missing you but she's missing
it looks like a pretty standard gold
tank top so why don't we just get a
medium on top and that will conclude
this outfit oh look at this it's a NOFA
babe with her Nova babies oh is this
Adrienne Bailon of the Cheetah Girls why
it is and she is wearing the trench me
up jacket as a dress well I'm surprised
that Adrienne's cheating on the Cheetah
Girls with the Nova babes obviously
Adrienne has done many things since
being on the Cheetah Girls including
date Rob Kardashian but to me she will
always be a cheetah sister Adrien like
has styled this with nothing underneath
but on the website they've styled it
with a skirt underneath so we'll see
when it gets here if we need to put
something under this alright so I don't
think I can find the exact over-the-knee
boots that she has on in the photo on
fashion over comm but I did find a
couple of pairs that kind of have like
some texture to them that could be a
good dupe so I'm gonna go with these
Francine's satin over the knee boots and
that is outfit number two all right so
let's see what's up next oh I like this
this is like a black jumpsuit with slits
up the legs and like red and white
piping it looks like she's at a mall -
and I love malls I'm a big fan of like
maxi dresses and jumpsuits
and I like that this one it has kind of
like baggy legs so it's not like super
clinging to the thighs all right so I'm
gonna add this rooftop bar jumpsuit in
medium to the bag and that is pretty
much all we need for our third outfit
let's see what we should get next ooh
this looks interesting
this to me is like definitely like a
modern-day Bratz outfit I think that the
beret on top really seals its fate there
alright so here's the top on the website
it looks quite short it seems to hit
sort of like directly under the boob so
I guess you guys are all going to get
view of my Taylor Swift midriff and then
what were the pants called the Carly
Bella striped pants well at least these
pants look like they're quite high-rise
I'm gonna get these in a size large and
then add that to the bag all right so
the last part of this outfit was the
beret oh well I just searched for beret
and I got a butt lifter so I might have
to get a beret somewhere else all right
so with those added to the cart that is
outfit number four all right so what's
next you know what this dress is really
popular on their Instagram like I've
seen a few different posts that feature
this more a mesh dress so I feel like if
they're continually marketing and
showing people in this dress we should
try it out this dress is definitely sort
of that tight around the curves club
dress that I think is like a signature
of fashion Nova it seems to be a ruched
look so you can kind of like cup and
skim I'm doing this I don't know what
this is I think we should get this in a
medium all right so that is outfit
number five to left oh my word what is
that they say this is the Shayna
houndstooth velvet lounge set and it
seems to be sort of like halfway in
between like a houndstooth suit and like
a Juicy Couture sweat suit so I think we
should do it online the sweat suit seems
like much looser but we'll see how it
actually fits in person I did also find
a pair of sunglasses that look like the
one she's wearing so let's get those two
so that is outfit number six
all right so let's look for our last
fashion Nova outfit oh this is cute this
looks like it's like a mustard crop top
that says 90s baby across the boobs and
you know what I'm a 90s baby so why not
advertise that above my chesticles all
right I feel like as always we should go
for a medium with this and I'm gonna add
that to the bag so the next part of this
outfit is the pencil skirt so let's see
if they have a plaid pencil skirt all
right so I feel like the closest dupe I
could find on the site is this couldn't
be bothered skirt and it looks to be
about the right length but it's just
plain black instead of having that like
dark grey plaid pattern she's also
wearing these like silver
these which I believe are also fashion
nova and they do have a size 10
available and I think that will complete
our outfit number seven all right so
that is a week's worth of outfits
hopefully so I'm going to choose one
business day shipping which has a pretty
hefty price tag but if it actually gets
here in one day I think it's worth it
okay so my order is confirmed so
hopefully they'll get here pretty soon
and once it does we'll start wearing it
and see if I can ever truly become a
nova babe okay so it's a few days later
and I think we have almost everything
that we order from fashion Nova even
though we paid for like overnight
shipping it came in like five days in
fact fashion Nova sent me an email like
when it should have been here being like
Congrats we're still working on it so as
I said we have almost everything the
sunglasses unfortunately never arrived
they were on like the packing list of
the items that should be here when we
originally got the package but they were
nowhere to be found
but sunglasses aside I have all of my
things here and we'll start wearing them
now so for my first outfit I went for
Adrienne by Lon's trench me up jacket
and B Francine satin over the knee boots
the cheetah sisters we stand together to
finish off the styling of this outfit I
put my hair up in a topknot and then I
also added a little booty short I think
Adrienne might be a bit shorter than I
am so this fit her more like a dress and
for me well I guess it's still a dress
but it's a dress that shows my underwear
so Adrienne instagrammed this outfit at
some type of park in front of a fountain
so we went to a park and found a
fountain
I wonder how Adrienne got on in her
stiletto boots because mine are sinking
into the ground I'm just like you know
of area ting the grass the jacket does
look reasonably like the photo but it is
much less flattering on me than it is on
Adrienne it is a little smaller than I
expected I think I could have done with
the large at least on bottom but then
who knows what would have happened up
top and the shoes even though they were
the right size quickly became pretty
painful I ended up having to walk in
sort of like small waddling steps why is
the resemblance uncanny I think my
nature resembled his so closely he
thinks I'm just a giant goose yeah he's
like you're a little awkward but I don't
think I would wear this outfit again
maybe I would try to wear this jacket
over something but altogether this
outfit made for a very precarious day
it's surprisingly long I think it was
the goose chase that really got you over
the edge it was truly a wild goose chase
so for my second outfit I went for my
early favorite from when we were
shopping which was the rooftop bar jump
suit skies out sized out that smile with
day in the Instagram this Nova babe is
basically just posing at a mall so we
went to the mall and posed it's kind of
like as if each of my individual legs
are superheroes
to which I say and no capes I do think
that this jumpsuit does look a lot like
the photos online at least while you're
stationary but once you start walking
you're confronted with the reality of
the slits
the thing is I'm ok with my thighs being
out it's really just like right here
that kind of makes me nervous cuz I just
feel like it could just flap inwards and
then you'd really just see my pubes I do
actually like the look of this jumpsuit
when you're standing still but in motion
things move around things right up and
it just feels kind of risky it's
basically a fancy loin I would wear this
again but maybe like on vacation or to
like a pool party I don't think I would
wear it out in public again just because
of the pube anxiety it's not skies out
guys out it's uh loins out groins out he
says that's the same thing so one day
three I went for the truth about it
denim Bermudez and the measuring you
Cammie whoever made these jeans are like
I want the whole ass out each buttock
must be exposed to its maximum capacity
I had already planned on wearing like
little booty shorts underneath these
jeans but I wasn't expecting how
see-through the top would be so I also
put on a little camisole underneath just
to keep myself monetized I've done
enough under layers that I'm not nervous
about being exposed personally but like
the amount of rips and dips is
interesting it looks like a bear tried
to grab your butt yeah I got groped by
Wolverine damage Hugh I think I've
experienced my fair share of strange
denim at this point and this definitely
isn't the weirdest pair of jeans I've
ever worn but the behind is really
confounding what I can feel the hot
chair through my path there's something
about these that are so absurd that I
almost want to wear them again but I
don't know how or why besides of course
the like extreme distressing on the
buttock they're also like a Capri or
Bermuda short length which is a length
of pant that I have not worn since about
2006 or 7 and to be honest Bermuda
shorts are pretty much the last item of
clothing I would expect to be sexy fide
but maybe I just don't have that Nova
babe vision so for our fourth outfits I
went for the more Emes dress I just
think this dress is kind of sexy
I do feel kind of like the inside of a
nice casket in this Instagram this Nova
babe is posing inside while holding a
bouquet of roses and I'm just going to
pose in front of the thermostat I'd say
this dress does look like it did in the
photos but it fits much stranger than I
thought it would in particular it was
weirdly tight around the upper arms
everything else about the dress has some
give but right here it's hurting already
as a result I had extremely limited
range of motion I do kind of feel like I
could Hulk out of this dress
I kind of heard little rip and while we
were eating dinner I had to sneakily
take my arms out of the sleeves in order
to be able to like move my arms around
the table that was your way of towel I
wish I could say I liked this dress I
think that if you weren't planning on
wearing it for a very long amount of
time you could definitely get away with
it but in terms of like an actual dress
to wear I don't like it
we go slashing that car so for my fifth
outfit I went for the Carly Bella
striped pants and the mixed business
tank top you look so much like a Bratz
doll it's crazy
I met Sophie the French exchange student
the inspo Nova babe was wearing like an
acid-washed denim jacket a beret and
very pointy nude heels which we did add
to the outfit but none of which are from
fashion Nova my feet were just not made
for heels in any way shape or form and I
think that is gonna be one of my bigger
barriers in my quest to become a
Villanova babe
I liked the top I thought it was totally
fine the pants however are much more
chiffon II than I expected and they also
have a weird pair of shorts inside of
them that makes them pretty
uncomfortable I would say every about a
hundred yards or so I have to like stop
and just like uncannily Oh myself
besides that I think that the styling of
this outfit was fun but it was sort of
cumbersome you look at you're balancing
a plate on your head how do I beret
how does one beret I like the idea of
this outfit but I think that I would
have to find a different pair of
burgundy colored pants because the
current ones have just rode all the way
up no Taylor Swift midriff to be found
where are you naval so for my sixth
outfit I went for this 90s baby crop top
this couldn't be bothered skirt and
these Olympic booties 92 is the best in
general I think that all of these items
ended up looking like how I thought they
would so I'm impressed by the internet
too IRL translation and I'm also
impressed by like how comfortable I am I
do have like full range of motion of my
arms yeah like a decent range of motion
down here and surprisingly of all the
fashion Nova shoes are actually pretty
comfortable the only thing I didn't like
about the shoes is that it looks like
after one where I have like a priest in
the toe but they're comfortable it's
just a shame that they look like this
now I would wear this outfit again maybe
not all together but I liked the skirt I
liked the shoes and I liked the shirt
something about this skirt reminds me of
like Jones from Mad Men who is arguably
like a 1965 Nova babe amongst all of my
internet hauls this is the rare outfit
that's three for three
you know I'm saying to the world what my
parents had sex 25 years ago
well more like 26 and a half years 26 so
for my last outfit I went for this
Shaina houndstooth velvet lounge set I
kind of feel like a villain from like
American hustle or something or like The
Hangover I think in person the jumpsuit
ended up fitting more like it did on the
model on the website than it did on the
Nova babe on Instagram I will say that
the jumpsuit is quite comfortable and
the medium seems to be fitting me pretty
well but to wear it like the Instagram
model
I really have to like open it up pretty
far and like really make it kind of
uncomfortable in this Instagram the Nova
babe is posing on an ottoman and taking
a photo of herself in the mirror we
don't have any mirrors like that in or
how
so we went to Ikea we get some meatballs
yes I'm down I had a good time walking
around IKEA and lounging in the pretend
bedrooms you look like you could be
sitting right next like DJ Khalid
another one another one another one what
does he say and thankfully they did have
a mirror we could use oh I do this'll
work
it was honestly sort of hard to
replicate her pose she kind of juts out
her butt in the immortal words of Tyra
Banks she booty touches this jumpsuit is
really far away from my own personal
style but I did kind of like it honestly
if there were a particular occasion or
costume party of some kind that I could
wear this to I definitely would and
these pants are stretching so I can eat
as much lingonberry as I want all right
so that was my week wearing fashion Nova
outfits I think that comfort wise my
favorite outfit was the 90s baby outfit
but aesthetically I also really liked
the black jumpsuit that showed off my
full thigh overall my biggest takeaway
about fashion Nova in general is that
most of the outfits do photograph well
but a lot of them run into problems when
you start walking whether they flap open
or have strange linings on the inside or
just restrict your arms within 30
degrees of motion for some reason so
although I do appreciate that the
clothes look pretty similar to how
they're pictured online a lot of them
don't feel so good I guess that leaves
us with one final question
Amaya Nova babe and I think the answer
is that I'm lacking some posing skills
and tolerance for foot pain but if I
could be carried to a location Instagram
and then carried out of that location
maybe I could be thank you guys so much
for watching if you liked that video
make sure to show mash that like button
and if you want to see more videos like
this make sure to shamash that subscribe
button also regarding the Franken for a
giveaway at this point I've sent dm's to
all of the winners I'm sorry if you
didn't win one we only had 400 to give
away and over 400 thousand submissions
but we're actually working on making the
Franken flora lipstick into a real
product so stay tuned on that one
here are my social media handles and
make sure to check out my next beat I've
on there every Sunday a big shout-out to
derp for watching thanks for watching
derp and I will see you guys a next time
