hello friends and welcome to another
video today I'm gonna be mixing every
eyeshadow from every online beauty gurus
eyeshadow palettes together so I've
mixed a lot of my own makeup in the past
and I've also previously melted together
every lipstick from Sephora to get a
Franken lipstick that was meant to
uncover the average shade of all of the
lipsticks that are sold in their stores
or I suppose the mid-point color of what
Sephora thinks is a marketable lipstick
to their clientele now I'm guessing that
most of you as YouTube viewers know what
a beauty guru is but just to propose a
definition I'm referring to online
creators and influencers who make beauty
related content and within that usually
recommend specific makeup products and
provide tutorials as to how to achieve
certain makeup looks now these days a
lot of beauty gurus produce their own
makeup products either via their own
company or by collabing with an
established cosmetics brand and if I had
to say what the most common beauty guru
makeup product is it would definitely be
an eyeshadow palette so following the
logic from my Sephora lipsticks video if
I were to mix together every eyeshadow
shade from every beauty gurus palette I
would hypothetically come up with a
midpoint shadow that would represent the
most beauty guru recommended color once
again it's not great science in fact
it's not even good it's bad makeup
science but I guess that's why it's the
name of the series now a couple of
caveats before we begin first off for
this video we are only going to be using
palettes that are currently still in
production or at least were very
recently in like the last six months or
so this ensures that in case a gurus
taste has changed we are presenting
their most current recommendation we
also focused on gurus who to my
knowledge got their start online and
more specifically our youtubers but even
with those constraints there wasn't like
a master list of beauty guru makeup
products out there so we may have missed
a palette or two so no
to anyone if we miss them but I think as
long as our sample size is large enough
a couple of pallets shouldn't change our
final result now speaking of shade
I do realize there have been some
goings-on in the beauty community
recently in fact I started ordering
these pallets in July attempted to film
this video in August then stuff happened
so I decided to postpone since then more
things have happened and I realized that
there's probably never gonna be a good
time to do this so we're doing it now
just so everyone knows every person who
I know of who could be considered a
YouTube beauty gurus palette is in this
video I am NOT attempting to judge
anyone's character nor am i attempting
to review the quality of these pallets
I'm just interested in what colors are
in there and how many of them there are
no shade only science so it's all that
said let's whip out the pallets I feel
like with them all laid out like this
it's almost like the Game of Thrones
intro where you have like a
topographical map of Westeros where are
my dragons I don't want to start
anything so I'm not gonna say who I put
at King's Landing guy who's in the game
of gurus you either win or you die here
for the T just gets to behead you with
the shard from a lip filler
that's art no it's very dull it will
take a while all right so to actually
begin why don't we start off with Jaclyn
Hills many palettes so to honor the
source material of this video we decided
to mix everything in this clear teacup
but this is a teacup of healing
hopefully or at least of just forced
together Ness and the process I'm going
to do is I'm basically just gonna scrape
a little bit of each of these eyeshadows
into this teacup and then once we've
scraped a bit of every single eyeshadow
from every single one of these palettes
I'm going to use this fixie makeup
repair kit that I got to turn it into
one eyeshadow so without further ado
let's get to scraping oh I haven't done
one of these in a while now this morphe
Jaclyn hill palette is actually the only
palette that was also featured in my
mixing off my eye shadows together video
from last year so um she's already been
through something
all right ready careful careful just a
bit off the top oh yes
yes and then once we scraped it's time
to dump all right now that we've popped
the cherry we just have to keep going
because there are a lot of eye shadows
and 69 pallets left unintentional but
good number oh my god
that's a softy well that's our ship name
tie soft heat this makes a very
interesting sound maybe I should just
stop talking we'll just make this an
ASMR video listen I love me some ASMR my
current favorite video is this one where
a girl role plays as a medieval nun
who's taking care of you while you have
the plague mm-hmm you want to see what
the bubonic plague you got it yes I
don't think I've ever made it to the end
I was fall asleep all right so I'm on my
last room now I've started wiping off my
scalpel on my pants in between shadows
so I guess later on we'll have some leg
check-ins as well as our tea chickens
so besides her like ogee morphe palette
jacqueline also has four vault palettes
she's got a purple toned one a mustardy
colored one a rosy hewed one and a sort
of like smoky blue one these ones also
have the shade names on the palette
which I appreciate because then I get to
see what they are named like these ones
are
hush hush and bling-bling and they're
about to get scraped scraped sounds like
I'm saying crepes crepes
I could totally go for a crepe there's
also a color called and a color called
bomb-ass which sounds kind of dangerous
honestly ready for some poor porn or as
I like to call it porn one good thing
about a small palette is you have sort
of like a narrow dump all right so this
is our final Jackie Hill color
look like a ghost noise it was more feed
calm I'm sorry that's but anyway I guess
that's one grew down so as we move along
the other element I'm interested in
investigating is what the average
composition of a beauty guru palette is
like how many shades are in there are
they neutrals or are they bold colors
and if they're mattes shimmers or
glitters I like shiny things I'm sort of
like a pigeon in that way so as we go
digging and scraping from guru - guru oh
yes oh my god oh it's so soft
oh I'm going too deep oh my god I'm
gonna be calling out some stats - Tyler
so at the end we can calculate the
hypothetical most common beauty guru
palette I like your pencil thank you I
also like your fiends long-sleeve
t-shirt sorry back to the video okay so
next up we have candy Johnson's collab
palette with Too Faced which is called I
want candy you know kind of like Aaron
Carter circa 2000 and it does kind of
smell like candy I want shavings ding
ding and that's how I be check you kind
of like strung them in there I was
trying to catapult them in successfully
and then next up we have a bunch of
collab pallets from the company makeup
revolution which I believe is a British
company so they're mostly like uk-based
creators except for the Emily edit
palettes I think she's from Illinois as
imine so what's good Emily
how about them bears I don't think
they're doing particularly well they're
not doing that bad hey there you go so
after some of these revolution palettes
the mixture is looking quite vibrant oh
it's very spicy right there almost looks
like flamin hot cheeto dust which you
wouldn't think you'd want to put on your
eyes but right now I kind of do
coincidentally my pant leg is also
looking quite nice vibrant Ida don't you
mean
die die so with this final sprinkle that
is makeup revolution I'll clean up these
palettes later don't worry all right so
I feel like it makes sense because we
just did revolution Beauty which
a uk-based company to push on and do
some pallets from creators of the
Commonwealth so we have a Tanya burr
pallet who's from the UK Wow we've got a
couple from Chloe Morello who's from
Australia mm-hmm did that make it in
yeah good at that it's just luck every
time and one from Sean XO who I believe
is a Kiwi a Kay from New Zealand so the
fun thing about the Sean XO palette is
that it's double sided you have like one
pallet here and then it goes this way
that's like a see it's kind of like how
the toilets flush the other way in the
southern hemisphere they also have
double sided eyeshadow palettes perfect
analogy now I think that's all the
Commonwealth creators
though we may have missed a Canadian or
two they're just harder to sniff out the
next up because we just did a pixie
palette and a BH Cosmetics palette I
have more pixie and more BH Cosmetics
from its Judi time it's my Ray Ray and
Carli bybel it's my ray Ray's is also
another one that has like multiple
panels and when I balanced it on my cup
it sort of looks like a beach chair
which felt like it was something to note
for some reason and then we have Carly
Bibles palette which to me kind of looks
like a Roman bathhouse like we've got
some marble some pools some sort of
decorative tiles well there's a lot of
nudes in there okay with all of those
done we're nearing like the midway point
of the eyeshadows the palette pile is
quite formidable and our eyeshadow mound
is rising so up next I have five
eyeshadow quads from Patrick Starr in
collaboration with Mac and they come in
a variety of different colors and I
think they're usually released like with
a set of other makeup wear this outfit
come from yet more that's the whole time
and this turbine golly-gee I think I'm
turning into Patrick Starr do you think
that Patrick Starr is just a really big
spongebob fan who got there first
patrick star or patrick star or Jeffrey
star we'll get there in a second I will
say though that patrick star is the only
guru who has me on PR so that's the
realty although I'm not really sure why
anyone would want to send me PR after
they see what is done to the makeup that
is sent to me but the
still stands thanks for the PR Patrick
call me alright
so now I'm just gonna finish up the
influencer brand collabs starting with
the colour-pop pallets of which I have
one from makeup Shayla two from Ava
Gutowski one from I love Sarah he and
two from kathleenlights now thinking
back to the PR point I'm actually pretty
sure I do get kathleenlights colourpop
PR in which case thank you to Kathleen
as well however I don't have a Kathleen
costume sorry for this round I'm also
bringing this Maybelline city mini
palette by makeup Shayla as well just so
the Shayla ones can go together you
think this is a one dumper I think it
could be I call this one six colors one
cup
dear Shayla I'm sorry it's a very pretty
palette so with that we're done with
color pop and also the Shayla addendum
of this little thing so we have five
more influencer brand palettes starting
with two from Kristen LeAnn and Urban
Decay now I was gonna say that Kristen
LeeAnn was kind of contributing to the
neutralness of our eyeshadow stew I
guess but her second palette is like all
bright colors in all differently shaped
pans I feel like it's trying to tell me
something
almost like Morse code you know like
lines and dots maybe a message it's like
national treasure but for beauty gurus
it's been in the palette the whole time
we also have one from Aspen over and
tart
one from Melissa Michelle and Ulta and
one from Nicole Concilio and violet Voss
which is hollow as hell VX so adding
that to my very precarious pile now
we're onto pallets by makeup gurus who
run their own lines like Laura Lee and
Manny
everyone breathe and Kristin Dominique -
and she's got her latte palette and her
lemonade palette
she also fortunately or unfortunately
has DC carved into each of her shadows
which we are about to mess up with all
at once
the DC is going there Marvel eyeshadows
now and then next up we have four
pallets from Jeffrey star and drogyny
beauty killer thirsty and blood sugar
and he of course also has like an
engraving and his eye shadows that is
about to be bulldozed actually can we
just pause for a second or I feel like
we're going through this way too fast
we're just blowing through all of these
eyeshadow palettes maybe we should split
up this video into like five parts okay
maybe even eight oh if necessary like we
could call the first one the truth
behind mixing every beauty gurus
eyeshadow palette together and then we
could call the next one the secret
behind mixing every beauty gurus
eyeshadow palette together and then in
the third one I couldn't live like an
eyeshadow palette for a day
yeah I'm just kidding no shade at all to
Shane or Geoffrey in fact I'm very much
looking forward to the Illuminati
palette and I can only hope that it's
Taco Bell scented okay so after those
pallets were actually nearing the end of
our scraping journey in fact we only
have two grooves left so our penultimate
brand is makeup geek which is run by
marlane Estelle and it's a little bit
different from some of the other beauty
guru brands because it's not just her
name but she is a beauty youtuber so
she's here and then our final final guru
is Hooda Katan aka huda beauty or as
Tyler likes to call her Tyler cannot say
who - Beauty to be fair it's difficult
to say now who does like a couple of the
other gurus that we have in this stack I
think is like primarily an Instagram
creator I know she also has a Facebook
watched show I I think but she does of
course have a YouTube channel so I felt
like with like all of the elements
together she should be on this list also
as we touched on before her brand name
is pretty great whoo - booty booty booty
rockin everywhere
as they say all right so after 12
who'da pallets were finally on to our
last one this is all that standing in
between me and sleep right now
so let's wreck it we're ending with an
orange I'll take it I'm pretty glad it's
over all right let me put this atop this
precarious pile and let's survey our
mixture shall we so in the end we had 70
pallets from 30 different gurus so many
dumps were had on this paper look how
bad my aim was with a total of 759
individual eyeshadows giving the average
pallet about 11 shades
all right I've pierced the middle oh
it's deep so in our mixture as well as
in our average pallets we had 62%
neutral colors and 38% colorful colors
oh wow I just saw a crusty hair and
there let me procure it with 27% of
those colors being purple 18% being pink
14% blue 13% orange 13% green 9% red and
6% yellow so even though actual red
shades aren't super common it seems like
variants on red like purple pink and
orange are very popular and all of that
leaves our mixture looking like this and
our average beauty guru palette looking
something like this oh and also we found
that 54% of the shadows were mattes 40%
were shimmer shades and 6% work litters
also represented in our theoretical
palette here so I think that now that we
have this mixture maybe we should just
bust out the fixie kit and see what
happens so with the fixie kit you first
grind your shadows through the sifter as
it's going through the grinder it's
starting to look like very metallic like
I'm seeing some shimmer up here after
that you pour your shadow grounds into
the pan you want to use and give it
three to four spritzes of this sort of
hand sanitizer scented stuff all right
one more just for fun oh yeah okay I did
a little bit more than recommended
but I want it to be strong now I have to
place this lid firmly over it and press
for oh I should be standing up press for
10 seconds then after that we just lift
up the lid and yeah
and we have our eye shadow tada hello
Franken group and welcome to the world
you think about mother man i've birthed
an eye shadow it smells like alcohol
first impressions on how it looks in my
hand is that it definitely looks warmer
and browner than the shadow we made when
we mixed just my personal eyes shadows
last year but similarly to that one i am
seeing a lot of shimmer in there as well
as some multicolored speckles if you
look close enough so the fixie kit does
say that you can use your newly pressed
shadow in like just a few minutes but
I'm gonna let it dry overnight because
we've been mixing for hours and I'm
about to pass out so I'm gonna put my
Frank and guru shadow right here and
then tomorrow when we eventually awake
I will return swatch it and wear it all
day but in the meantime we'll place her
here so she can sit upon the pigment
throne alright
so it's the next day and our shadow is
looking dry and ready to apply a pimple
has also sprung up on my nose to join us
in this journey so welcome
pimple alright so this is how it's
looking this morning I think it's
looking like slightly more purple and
burgundy ish than it was last night it
does however still look more Brown than
the Frank and shadow that I made last
year so this is what the swatch looks
like in full sunlight it's quite sparkly
and it's sort of like a rosy copper
shade and then an inside light the
swatch looks like this less sparkly and
more of like a penny color alright let's
put it on so I'm just gonna put some eye
primer on just to give this eyeshadow a
fighting chance oh it is showing up very
quickly I think with the last rankin
shadow I did have to like build it up a
little bit and this one I would say is
more pigmented I think it does work
pretty well as like an overall lid shade
and in general indoors without sunlight
it does look sort of just like a
flattering warm rosy taupey brown I hope
that wasn't too many descriptors but
that's sort of how I feel about it so
I'm just gonna finish up my makeup
really quick and cover up our friend Sir
pimple Dame
judi pimple and then we'll check back in
okay so this is my finished makeup look
I think that actually this Franken guru
all over the lid with the rest of my
makeup looks kind of dramatic and I feel
kind of like but used more sparingly and
perhaps with less of like a cat eye wing
I think it would come off more subtle so
now that my makeup is on we're going to
go outside see how the shadow looks in
different lighting and then we're gonna
do a few different activities including
looking for a dupe at Sephora and also
looking at the shadow under a microscope
all right let's go whoa the Sun is
bright right in the eye sorry about that
oh it's real shimmery I feel like a cat
in the Sun or a raisin either or
that's a poetry joke I also apologize
for that I'm gonna make an apology video
after this you have a disappear if you
just failed jokes alright so now that
we've seen it out in the sunlight and
I've slightly damaged my retinas let's
go to Sephora and see if we can find a
similar shade so I'm just gonna swatch
the Frank and guru on my hand to aid us
in our new finding quest there are a lot
of dupe candidates because it's just a
neutral shimmer but it's also kind of
quietly unique because it's in between
purple and brown and also in between
Matt and like a true metallic I guess
it's sort of a satin so it's tricky to
match actually as you can see from the
numerous swatches on my hand we also
have a swatch from crusty right here
yeah it turns nails alright so after a
decent amount of swatching I came up
with for like finalists that I think are
pretty close
out of the for the winner for me is this
shade right here which is a d or
backstage shadow called shimmer purple
in a palette called cool neutrals so I
guess do your thinks this is a cool
neutral purple shimmer which isn't what
I would call it but it's a pretty good
deal okay so we're at home a few hours
later and I thought it was high time for
more science so I brought out my trusty
microscope just so we could take a
closer look at what we've got going on
here okay so I'm just gonna swatch it on
my arm and then we'll see what we can
see Oh interesting oh wow you totally
can see a lot of different colors under
the microscope come look I can see some
sort of like brown particles in the
cracks in my skin but with the shimmer
that's coating my scales you can see a
lot of different colored glitter look
you can see like an orange and a blue
and a pink all these things you can't
see with the naked eye but with science
you can see it aka a $19 microscope from
Amazon so as a bonus comparison I'm
gonna swatch the OG Franken shadow next
to it just so we can see the difference
Oh interesting okay so this shadow is
obviously much older than the Franken
guru actually I think it's almost
exactly a year old this is our one-year
anniversary
oh and when I look at it under the
microscope I do see a few different
color pigments but I would say that I'm
seeing less different flecks overall I
feel like it's sort of more frosted and
less multicolored I think partially
because the grooves had more different
colored glitters than I did in my
personal collection and i theorize that
the glitter chunks are what we're seeing
here alright so it's been quite a few
hours so I think it's time to wrap up
our day wearing our Frank and guru
eyeshadow I would say that overall it
wore pretty well like it still looks
quite good on the eyes and in terms of
the color I do think it is a nice color
though I will say I wasn't surprised
when it turned out to be like a warm
shimmery Brown just because of how many
neutrals and variations on red went into
the mix and I think that the strong
representation of those colors may just
be because neutrals and rosy tones are
easy to wear for a lot of people though
I do sort of suspect and wonder if
there's some like color theory to it
just because I've seen things about how
fast food
strods and restaurants in general will
choose like red and yellow and other
warm colors for their logos because that
makes people feel hungry and more likely
to go in so I wonder if perhaps the same
thing might happen on like social media
like a warm toned look might make people
you know feel sort of cozy and ready to
like of course that's just a hypothesis
I don't know a lot about color theory
but it sounds plausible
so just to truly put a cap on our day I
thought it would be only appropriate to
make one more tea joke so I bought some
empty tea bags with which to make some
Franken grew tea it's sort of like stone
soup but not all right so I'm going to
boil the water so the tea is hot should
I leave room for milk no see this feels
like one of those things where like
someone should have stopped me before we
got to this point all right so I've let
the tea steep for a couple of minutes so
here we go
cheers to the gurus ooh tastes like
chalk well you know not too bad actually
sort of a bad feeling in the back of my
mouth like I'm feeling a little bit of
like a powder back there but all in all
I take another sip do you think this is
bad for me
most likely mmm valid okay so that is
the Franken guru eye shadow obviously
this time around I don't have like a lot
of them to give away but I would still
like to hear your guys's name
suggestions in the comments below also
we did just restock our fat bitch
hoodies on our merch site as well as a
few other items so if you're looking for
your size it should be there including
double and triple excels thank you guys
so much for watching if you like that
video make sure to smash that like
button and if you want to see more
videos like this make sure to shamash
that subscribe button here are my social
media handles and a big shout out to
Carly for watching thanks for watching
Carly and I will see you guys next time
I just wanted to show everyone what
happened when I took the tea bag out to
dry it made this face on the paper towel
I think I may just have exorcised the
angry pac-man out of the beauty
community
orange is a tea bag I don't know you
decide
