hello friends and welcome to another
video today I'm gonna be trying out
questionable photo and video hacks from
Instagram now previously we've tried
recreating some odd sort of silent movie
esque beauty and fashion hacks that are
all over Instagram with pretty mediocre
results and since then we've stumbled
upon yet another bizarre family of
how-to videos photo and video hacks
which are meant to teach you how to take
artistic like bait Instagram photos as
well as uniquely edited videos that will
have you going viral now while some of
these hacks and videos are kind of cute
a lot of them seem to fall into the is
that even good and the there's no way
that works categories there's also sort
of and intriguing meta Ness to these
hacks where they're trying to get views
on Instagram by teaching people how to
get views on Instagram so they're able
to justify using a click baby thumbnail
because they're teaching you how to
click bait now overall I would say these
videos are still in the early stages of
being produced as they're not quite yet
as spam to the masses as say beauty
tutorials or clothing hacks but mark my
words the flood is coming as the few
that we have found on Instagram or
reposted to YouTube have ridiculously
high view counts and usually with these
Instagram hack videos once there's blood
in the water there tend to be many copy
sharks ready to hack at the Chum
so I thought it would be fun to jump on
this bandwagon and try some out myself
but before we dive in I also wanted to
let you guys know that we just launched
our first merch drop slash clothing line
which is called fiends buy stuff or I
guess by me which includes this shirt
I'm wearing right here as well as a few
others we've shown on Instagram but
we'll show you the whole line at the end
of the video also no there's no relation
to best fiends all right let's get to
hacking now from watching a few of these
videos on Instagram but also versions
that were reposted
onto YouTube and Facebook I would say
there are a few different categories
that these hacks fall into and the first
category that work in a tackle is the
forced perspective hack now I would
define forced perspective as kind of
like optical illusions where you can
make your subject seem bigger or smaller
or at a different angle in relation to
the objects around them to create a
titillating image I feel like the
classic example of this is the holding
up the Leaning Tower of Pisa photo and
these hackers love this trick whether it
be a watermelon dress falling off the
side of the sidewalk and blowing dudes
off your hand
popping out of a chapstick holder or
tricking women on tinder into thinking
you have a Lambo which is the subject of
an extended play out in this video by
crafty panda but the hack we're gonna be
taking on is the classic tiny woman
jumping into teacup so this video was
posted by DIY learning but it was free
booted from five-minute crafts and this
version has like 40 million views which
is sort of disappointing because 5
minute crafts original posted video only
has 10 million views freebooting wins
again on Instagram so basically for this
hack it seems that you need two people a
mug a rock and some water and also a
camera so basically you have one person
who's like really close to the mug with
the camera and then you have another
person who is the fawley who jumps and
then compresses to pretend to have
jumped into the cup once that happens
the person who's holding the camera
drops the rock into the cup to create a
little splash and then afterwards you
edit out the rock so you just see the
jump and the splash so for this hack and
I guess most of these hacks we're gonna
have to go out into the world so I guess
we'll go out try it out and see what
happens you had a compact jumps off so
we headed out to a park where we found a
picnic bench that I could stand on top
of and then jump off of and we tried a
few test shops without the rock just to
make sure like Tyler could get the cup
lined up properly for that real forced
perspective okay that looks pretty good
and also took effect my jumping
technique which we quickly found
was that you got a condensed faster I
can't I don't know how Oh like this yeah
you got a frog squat no that's really
slow once we introduce the water and the
rock though we quickly found out that
it's difficult to both hold the camera
and also drop the rock how's that so to
solve this problem we had one of our
editors and meleave drop the rock feel
like that sounds weird for some reason
so Tyler could just focus on the
cinematography it's just like a Michael
Bay film okay you're dancing on the side
of a pool I'm warm I want to take a dip
in this tea cup don't make a tea joke
I'm swimming in tea goddammit and with
our new set up we got some better
results
oh man what's popping up here I go back
down yeah there you go we tried a couple
of different angles and actually a
couple of different park benches and in
the end we came away with at least a few
usable takes although there was one
squirrel who didn't seem to think I was
doing a very good job all right
something just hit my head that was rude
unfortunately for him there is no such
thing as a dislike on Instagram other
areas be a little bitch overall I would
say that the experience of making this
hack was pretty medium you definitely
need more people and more hands on set
that they insinuate and I also think
that with most of these forced
perspective hacks it's hard to get both
like the close object
and the far object in focus at the same
time in fact I would say that a lot of
the finished products in these hacks
almost look like they're Photoshop
together however I do think that this
hack ended up looking kind of cute
though it probably would have been cuter
if I were better at jumping have you
ever jumped into like a swimming pool
yes but this is not jumping into a
swimming pool I'm jumping onto concrete
so overall I would say that I wasn't
very good at doing this hack but this
definitely isn't the worst hack on the
list so the next category I would call
prop hacks as in they're basically just
telling you what props to use or what
backgrounds to make so your photos just
look more interesting and these can
range from using crumpled up tinfoil to
taping flowers to a piece of saran wrap
to
posing suggestively with mirrors or even
pretending you're being kidnapped I
guess how did I happen to get here once
again we're all out here playing
checkers and trim trim is I don't know
playing Jenga or something and these
prop hacks are contained within the
larger category of just teaching people
how to take better photos like stand up
straight pull back your leg fat etc etc
but the heck we're gonna be doing is a
singing in the rain ask hack with a
water bottle and an umbrella so this
video is another five minute crafts
video and it is basically just that you
take an umbrella
with a little sort of spoke at the top
open up a water bottle up and the water
bottle on top of the spoke and sort of
let the water like flow down as if it's
raining and then you kind of like pose
underneath the umbrella to be like oh my
god it's sunny and raining at the same
time alright so we've got a clear
plastic umbrella and a water bottle yeah
right that's all we need alright ready
yeah yeah a twirl girl twirl over this
shoulder yeah go you go it's on Oh hon
there we go i rotated mixture getting my
head so we figured out pretty quickly
that the top of our umbrella was pretty
much the exact same size as the opening
of our water bottle is anything coming
out here water bottles full so Tyler
kept having to like lift the water
bottle up to give me a spurt here in
there well I really went okay at least
we're watering the grass so we wanted to
try something with a bigger nozzle and
coincidentally we happen to have an
empty on Dwolla bottle that we filled up
with water ready okay oh wow it's rainin
and it definitely did work almost too
well is it empty oh crap that is it so
once again we had to employ the help of
Emily Oh ready so Tyler could be ready
with the camera good I think so is that
better
I think so alright yeah we tried that
like five times overall I would say that
the end product of this hack is kind of
fun but I think it is actually sort of
difficult to execute how do I twirl this
umbrella well over one shoulder oh I'm
getting wet and when I really think
about it I wonder what the purpose of
the heck
is it's kind of cute I just don't know
like if we Instagram that like what
would someone say be like it's not it's
not ready how are you doing that why is
that good I'm not sure if it hinges on
the idea that it's interesting that it's
raining while it's sunny or if they're
just putting any prop in your hands to
spice up your feet like hey maybe you
haven't taken a picture with an umbrella
in a while hahaha
that was fun okay so our next category
is what I would call the equipment hacks
as in how do you enhance your current
equipment or simulate the effect of
having fancier equipment within this
category there are a few hacks that
focus on how to play with lighting like
making a bounce light with a Big Mac box
using a CD for a rainbow effect or using
a pasta strainer to get like a dappled
light there are also some that focus on
camera stabilization of which a couple
seem okay
but others seem very dangerous like
rolling down a street in your office
chair or using a belt to swing your
hundreds of dollars camera around this
one makes me very upset please don't do
this
but the subcategory we're looking into
is the putting stuff on your lens genre
which includes using things like
lipstick chapstick water or for a less
destructive approach pantyhose
sunglasses or a construction paper
cutout of a heart which is the one we're
gonna be trying now we actually found
this hack in a few different places in a
few different compilations from
different DIY conglomerates but just for
like our purposes right now we're gonna
be coming off of this video posted by
blossom so I believe this is called a
heart bouquet effect and basically what
they instruct you to do is literally
just take like a construction paper
circle cut out a heart in the middle and
then place it over your lens and then
you should basically be able to direct
your lens at anything with Christmas
lights in the background and turn those
Christmas lights into hearts now
admittedly there are some holes in my
DSLR knowledge but even so I feel like
there has to be something more to this
however there are no further
instructions in like
any of these hack videos about this and
also for other hacks they touch on
things like changing the settings on
your camera whereas for this hack
they say nothing of the sort apparently
construction paper is freakin magic all
right so basically I'm just supposed to
trace the circumference of my lens on to
a piece of construction paper and then
sometimes they like trace a heart in the
middle but I'm gonna do the like fold in
half and create a heart that way method
this is some serious second-grade ish I
feel like an old school cartoon I'm like
hubba-hubba so once we had our heart
filter cut out I realized pretty quickly
that there was something more to this
that I did not know wait what what right
no you're just in a heart basically with
all the settings on my camera the same
as they are right now putting a heart
filter over the lens just puts a heart
over the picture this looks terrible so
determined to give it the old college
try I ended up watching a couple of
YouTube tutorials on how to do the
bouquet effect I love this question
how do I get the most bouquet and it
seems to be pretty hard so I messed with
the settings on my camera a little bit
and tried to get some distance between
me and the Christmas lights and have
Tyler like far enough in front of the
Christmas lights so I could really get
them out of focus and cue clothes so two
closer issues and I even changed out my
lens for a zoom lens and even with all
of these adjustments I didn't really get
it to work okay I can get the background
lights to look like hearts if I'm zoomed
in and looking only at them but I can't
get any hearts with Tyler also in frame
also Tyler looks like sort of like a
tomato demon because he's so like not
lit so overall in reviewing this hack I
do not think it works I think that
bouquet is a real thing and like a real
technique and I'm probably not
pronouncing it right but this hack is
just lying maybe one day I will learn to
bouquet but not today so the next
category is the transition category and
there actually aren't a ton of these on
Instagram yet but there are some and I
think they're mostly based on the
musically or I guess it's called tick
tock now transition style and I would
say their signature element is
moving of the phone to create the effect
like sliding your phone in a certain
direction or flipping it upside down etc
etc and the hack that we're gonna be
doing comes from our mega free boot in
five minute crafts compilation and they
basically sort of create this story
where someone comes in stomps on the
ground and then like someone on the
other side of the world is like
listening to that person stomp on the
ground above them I guess it sort of
feels like an Instagram version of the
dig a hole to China thing and basically
the technique that you do with your
phone is that you film someone stomping
on the ground and then you lower your
phone like a below a stair flip your
phone around and then raise your phone
up and by the time you sort of come up
there's someone else there listening in
the spot where that person was just
stomping so let's go find some stairs
and try this out also for this one they
use like a second person but I'm just
gonna be stomping and listening yeah
you're on both sides in the world yes
it's the upside down
oh so we tried this one quite a few
times and I think it is kind of tricky
to like get all of the elements together
I know they gave you enough time like
you need a steady hand whilst holding
the camera you need to be like fully
below the stair before you start
flipping you need to make sure that the
subject is changing position at the
right time etc etc this is really hard
I'm not good at this one I don't think
I'm not good I use like hit the deck
like really fast yeah yes speed it up
but after numerous takes and quite a bit
of awkward looking stomping I don't know
why I'm so bad at stomping and jumping
and like anything to do with legs we
ended up with a few decent takes I think
that was great cool yeah
leaving me hanging that's rude now in
terms of post-production I think that
they basically intend for you to edit
out the whole flippin time as you can
see like in their footage there is no
flip but I feel like they've done
something a little more because not only
can I not see a jump cut in their
footage their stare is also very smooth
and much darker than the one they show
themselves filming in front of so I
don't know what they did but they did
something to make it look really good in
conclusion I do think that their
finished product is pretty cool but
following their too
toriel as stated our version doesn't
really measure up all stomping issues
aside all right so our final category is
what I would call just editing though
some of these other hacks also require
editing to achieve the final product
these ones specifically require nothing
else besides cutting out some footage or
playing something backwards now some of
these seem to be like stop-motion
animation which definitely does require
some effort to edit but overall this
category is basically just like hey have
you heard of Adobe Premiere so our hack
that we're gonna be doing is also from
5-minute crafts but it is from a
different photo and video hack
compilation now this one is very simple
it's essentially just walking backwards
but you play it backwards
so it looks like you're walking forwards
and everyone around you is like walking
the other direction so you're like going
against the grain of society you're a
free spirit and /or you probably don't
live in New York or somewhere where
someone would just barrel right into you
but it seems straightforward enough so
we're gonna head out to somewhere in LA
that has some foot traffic and see what
we can do alright so we decided to come
to Hollywood because we thought that you
know there are people walking around
here but it seems like people are more
milling than walking with purpose yeah
and there also wasn't really continuous
traffic there were more sort of like
lols and waves there's no one there
damnit so even though I had like a few
good stretches of walking backwards
there were plenty of times where they're
just like wasn't anyone around me you
zoomed a lot my feet but there was
no-one else's feet to compare me to was
that supposed to do yeah we tried a few
different takes of this going different
directions on the street waiting for
foot traffic to sort of catch up to etc
etc we all want more crowd of people
coming ready but I feel like the biggest
tells with this hack is if people walk
the same direction as you or if you have
to dodge them you're gonna walk into
people you gotta veer left there you go
the girl in the video is able to
maintain like a very straight gait which
makes me feel like the people around her
or perhaps extras I know there was at
least
one guy in the video that we see in
other hacks so I'm not saying that like
everyone else in the video was an extra
but like maybe they had a few strategic
people so they could have some good
traffic and also some good straight
lines but one thing you can't do is look
over your shoulder you can just go I'm
walking that way now overall I think
that there were a couple of good moments
in what we filmed but with how many
challenges this one has and how
difficult it is to look natural walking
backwards I wouldn't say there's a lot
of payoff to this hack and I think that
this category in general is definitely
the longest stretch on the word hack
because I feel like hacks are supposed
to be neat tricks or quick and easy
fixes and this is more take footage put
it into editing software edit it and
that's literally it okay so those were
our Instagram photo and video hacks I
think that overall my favorites out of
these hacks were the jumping into the
cup hack and the umbrella hack just
because we did have some fun filming
them and also because the ending
products were something at least on the
other side of the spectrum I feel like
the walking backwards hack is probably
the least hack like of any of the hacks
we've done in any of these videos and I
think the heart of OK hack was probably
the least informative hack we've ever
tried now as for whether or not they
achieve their supposed objective of
getting you more likes I'm not a hundred
percent sure that they would but I think
that perhaps the more straightforward
tips about teaching you how to pose may
actually be helpful especially if you've
never heard of those before while other
ones may just confuse your followers and
in some cases they may even make them
worried for your safety eyes full of
horror and imitate a cry of despair but
hey even if these hacks won't
necessarily help you go viral they may
help you get a date on tinder as long as
they never ask to see the actual car
gotcha thank you guys so much for
watching and as we mentioned before we
just launched our merch line which I
decided to call fiends because I feel
like fiend is the like word
embodiment of this hand motion right
here which is kind of like sneaky
mischievous and hoarding of many
lipsticks amongst other things as for
the items we have this fiends
long-sleeved t-shirt which I've been
wearing pretty much for the last week
straight and besides that we also have a
bat bitch hoodie and a hello friend's
t-shirt as well as a beanie a dad hat
and some pretty neat pins and stickers
now in general this is like our very
first drop of anything ever so we're
definitely still figuring some things
out and learning as we go I feel like
we've been saying the word merch a lot
but we're sort of actually going for
something in-between a merch and a
clothing line because we wanted to make
stuff that would be wearable in your
everyday life beyond just wrapping stuff
we also wanted to make sure the items
were pretty good quality so like the
hello friends t-shirt is embroidered if
I can find it it's embroidered and with
the sweatshirt we went for a bit of a
nicer hoodie
apparently it's a good cotton mix just
so you guys could get some good use out
of them now that said based on the
feedback that we've gotten from you guys
in the last couple of days we're
definitely gonna be adding some more
plus size options but besides that just
go take a look check it out and see if
you're into it and just know that we
have a bunch of ideas for future drops
and we're going to be adding some
different products at different price
points as well the link to the shop is
right here as well as in the description
below so yeh thanks again for watching
if you liked that video
I don't always plug my merch so please
smash that like button and if you want
to see more videos like this make sure
to show mash that subscribe button here
are my social media handles and a big
shout out to emerald for watching thanks
for watching emerald and I will see you
guys a next time
