hello friends and welcome to another
video today we're gonna be testing
products from companies that asked to
sponsor me not sponsored so as you guys
may know many youtubers including myself
will from time to time make videos that
are sponsored by a company or product
and for our part we've done five on this
channel now from what I know these
youtuber brand relationships can come
through a variety of sources a manager
an MCN and in our case we source through
our agent but besides those avenues
there is also the Wild West of brand
relationships the business email where
will receive random solicitations from
companies who want to sponsor a video or
Instagram post provide affiliate links
or send us some free products to review
etc etc and I'm pretty sure that a lot
of youtubers experienced this but he
just emailed me and asked me to promote
their product in exchange for twenty
thousand dollars and their
cryptocurrency but they expect will take
off by spring 2019 in fact on more than
one occasion we've received reach outs
that were spammed to like 30 plus
youtuber business emails and we've also
received messages sent to the wrong
creator as well as about a thousand
emails addressed hello dear now no shade
at all to the hustle as I know a lot of
these companies are just businesses
trying to get off the ground and some of
their products can be quite intriguing
such as electric nail drills sexy
lingerie and silicone shampoo brushes
amongst many many many others that said
the main reason we haven't warped with
any of these cold call brands isn't
because they don't email us correctly in
fact it's kind of funny when that
happens it's mostly because I don't know
enough about these companies or products
to feel comfortable promoting them even
if I do find myself sometimes wanting to
try them so I thought it would be fun to
go through my business email and to find
for examples of some interesting
products not sponsored order them and
try them out
and I guess see if we should have
hypothetically taken the sponsorship
and/or endorsed them alright
let's dive right
now Tyler and I'd pre-vetted these reach
outs so we went through like a ton of
these emails dating all the way back to
March of this year and we chose a few
strong candidates I think so let's jump
right into the first product which is a
Japanese subscription box so this
company is called Zen pop and it appears
to be a Japan based company that sells
subscription boxes with Japanese snacks
and also beauty products inside of them
so I'm pretty sure the reason that they
reached out to me is because we did that
three-part Japan series earlier this
year in fact they say you do a lot of
Japan related videos which isn't wrong
and luckily for them I'm also interested
in snacks so it's a good Venn diagram of
just Japan content snacks and beauty
products too so what they want is to
sponsor me to do an unboxing type of
video on my youtube channel which is a
pretty popular request we just wouldn't
want to do an unboxing that was
sponsored by the company itself so it
looks like on their website they
actually have a few different kinds of
boxes like a candy box ramen and candy
mixed together
ramen only beauty and stationery I think
in general I'm leaning more towards the
snacks because we did recently do a
Japanese beauty products haul and in
terms of the stationery I actually don't
write a lot of things with a pen and
paper nowadays I live my entire life
inside of a computer so why don't we go
for the combo Japanese ramen and sweets
mix pack just to get a little variety ah
my first instinct was to do a one-time
purchase just for this video but it
turns out that's sold out so instead I
have to subscribe for at least three
months I guess that's seventy dollars on
Japanese snacks and noodles so for our
second product I chose this app called
the Wi-Fi map and I will say that their
subject line really just jumped out at
me it reads Wi-Fi map YouTube video with
a hundred thousand plus views guaranteed
now I don't know if that means that they
just believe their product is super
interesting and will garner a hundred
thousand plus views or if they're just
willing to buy views for me but either
way I think it definitely deserved an
open so from what I can tell this
product is basically like a
crowd-sourced
of like different wi-fi's that you can
connect to it seems to be like people
sort of contributing their own personal
Wi-Fi to the list or if they perhaps
like know the password to a local coffee
shops Wi-Fi they might put it on the map
as well now they don't really explain
why they reached out to me specifically
nor do they say exactly what they want
but it does seem like people are
generally interested in this app as am I
honestly so I'm gonna download this app
to my phone and then we get all of the
rest of our haul items we'll try this
out
IRL just wander around and see if we can
just get on people's home Wi-Fi as I
guess so next up is our third product
which is the sit pack so the SIP pack
seems to be like a telescoping portable
seat but you can unfurl and it will turn
into like a little stool that you can
sit on that you can use while waiting in
lines or for the subway or whatever and
when you're done you can just refer lit
into a little soda can shaped looking
thing
now they alluded to wanting a YouTube
review though they don't exactly like
hit the nail right on the head as to why
they reached out to me specifically in
fact the only thing that they say that
seems to like relate to me specifically
is that they're a Danish company and
also that they make their sit packs
right here in the happy Kingdom of
Denmark which would seem like a random
factoid to most people but I am in fact
half Danish so maybe they saw that and
they were just like hey that's a Great
Dane let's send this her way they also
drop a little bit of actual Danish in
the sign-off down here unfortunately my
vocabulary is very limited I know how to
say chicken and beer but either way the
pandering is working and I want to try
this thing out the only thing that's
concerning to me is that it has three
out of five stars on forty six reviews
some people say that it's a great small
seat that is easy to keep with you and
others say that it felt like a hard pipe
on their butt cheeks
that doesn't sound super appealing but I
feel like we're this far in let's just
give it a go so I'm going to add this to
the cart and that is item number three
so for our fourth and final product we
decided to go for the Kesava online
psychic app so
basically with kizomba you pay per
minute to text psychics so it's
basically the same as like a telephone
psychic but just texting now they say
that they specifically wanted to work
with me because they saw the I dressed
according to my zodiac sign for a week
video and they mentioned marketing
opportunities as well as an affiliate
link program now I think that that
connection kind of makes sense but I
will say that that's pretty much the
only video we've ever done in the
spiritual realm I guess you could say
that said I am objectively interested to
see what an online psychic has to text
to me so checking out their website the
first thing that I see is like how
expensive some of these psychics are and
they all interestingly enough have five
out of five stars all on over 10,000
reviews each in fact it looks like
almost everyone has 5 out of 5 stars I
wonder if people are scared if they like
give them a bad review if like bad
things will happen to them but
regardless this site seems to have a lot
of stuff to pick through so I'm gonna
try it out and presumably just spend a
lot of money
texting psychics okay so those are our
four products so I'm gonna wait for all
of the things I ordered to get here and
once I have my haul we'll check back in
alright so it's been a few weeks well
actually it's been a little more than a
few weeks it's been about two months
since I ordered everything but now we
finally have our haul so let's dive
right in and start with the first
product that we ordered which was also
the main cause of the delay the Zen pop
box so we were gonna film this haul a
while ago but this item got stuck in
customs and then lost at customs and
then subsequently lost at the post
office so is never delivered to us we in
fact had to go and find it but now we
haven't and I've never let it go so we
got the August 2018 box which was called
the power up box which basically means
that amongst the normal savory and sweet
snacks they included a bunch of candies
that are flavored like Japanese sodas
and energy drinks so we figured we would
just go through and taste each one
starting with the monster hunters food
gummies it kind of looks like a mash-up
of like a Valkyrie a Powerpuff Girl and
Jon Snow the gummies themselves kind of
like orange Mentos these aren't too bad
it's sort of like an interesting
crossover between like Red Bull and like
children's Triaminic medicine and
besides those we had to other energy
drink flavored candies lifeguard is not
a mere energy drink it's a Bionic drink
one of which was kind of like a nerds
rope without the Nerds it's just like a
long erect - Laffy Taffy and it also
kind of bites like a Laffy Taffy
it tastes like juicy fruit but in like a
Laffy Taffy texture and now it's gone so
it's the same as juicy fruit and the
other one of which was like a Sour Patch
Kid looking gummy in the shape of a
Japanese character that means power go
somewhere in the top right he's like
this is a an energy drink bitch now the
smell was definitely powerful oh my god
it smells like a rubbing alcohol
surprise it's just for a loco but
compared to the odor the flavor was
pretty tame it's more just like a sort
of nondescript grape gummy now though
these were all energy drink themed or
flavored it wasn't clear if any of them
actually had any energy properties it
says if you believe that it gives you a
power it really gives you the effect but
since I ate all three in a row I guess
we'll never know which if any had any
actual caffeine so besides those powered
up candies we had a coke flavoured chewy
and some fruit soda flavored gum it's
kind of like bubble tape but it looks
like a band-aid as well as some vinegar
chips with a sour faced elephant mascot
he's like it's so sour I'm dead some
barbecue cracker sticks that were kind
of like the savory version of Pocky it
tastes a little bit like a bread stick
that you've used to mop up beef stew
there's my theories of red and some sea
animal shaped chocolate cookies they're
almost like oversized like Teddy Grahams
also what sea animal is this plant it
does look like a clam we then finished
off our feast with one of our cups of
ramen doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
all right I think it looks ready let's
fork up and try it that's amazing
yeah that's really good I mean it's
definitely ramen in a cup but it's
really good damn I wish I had gotten the
all ramen box the hem had so that
concludes our Zen pop box I think
definitely got some snacks that were
kind of out there but overall I enjoyed
all of them and even if some of them
like weren't my favorite flavor they
were at least fun to eat and maybe had
some energy in them I guess we'll never
know but in terms of whether or not I
would recommend this or even plug this I
think it's impossible to ignore the
whole shipping situation which I
understand like isn't a hundred percent
the company's fault but at the same time
if I'm like recommending things to you I
would not want to wish shipping issues
upon you besides that there was the
issue of them not having like the one
time box option available on their
website which sort of doesn't make sense
because if they are able to send you
three boxes why are they not able to
send you one it's not like they're out
of stock so as a consumer I enjoyed what
I received but because of some of the
logistics I would not endorse it okay so
our next product to try out is the Wi-Fi
map app so I think the best way to try
out this app is to go out into the world
and see if we can't get onto some Wi-Fi
it's kind of like a scavenger hunt
but for stealing the Internet's alright
you've got a hundred and fifty Wi-Fi
hotspots near me so to test the map out
I wanted to try and get on to a more
exclusive Wi-Fi that wouldn't normally
be available to me so not just like a
coffee shop premier care dental group
has Wi-Fi I wonder if this is legal it
feels like a sort of whitespace
legislation wise so after walking 0.2
miles we found our target fairness
premier care dental we're here for your
Wi-Fi and though it seemed like a
promising lead at first our free dental
Wi-Fi dreams quickly crumbled so I'm
trying to find like their Wi-Fi on my
suggested Wi-Fi list but I don't see it
anywhere I'm gonna try and type it in
manually
says it could not find the network
premier dental 5g enjoy do we have to go
in no we're not going in
so with premier Kara bust we moved on to
more residential pastures to see if we
couldn't get on to a home Wi-Fi
connection it's a little more nefarious
I would say though once we started
pursuing them it seemed like all of the
home Wi-Fi listings were actually just
businesses listed as homes and as we
drive into like a more residential area
there are no listings on the app so it
seems like there aren't a lot of just
like good samaritans out there being
like use my houses Wi-Fi so a little
deflated I returned to the businesses
hoping to find at least one working
internet connection alright it says that
the Pier one Imports Wi-Fi was updated
six days ago but it also says it's
called free best by Wi-Fi and even
though we actually entered the store
this time this one didn't work either am
i doing this wrong so finally as a last
ditch attempt we tried the Macy's across
the street which seemed promising
because that one is called Macy's free
Wi-Fi right or amongst the boxers let's
try and be brief thousands of people
turned off the video all right
so on my suggested Wi-Fi list there is a
Macy's free Wi-Fi
let's plug in and we're on this is
exciting
oh wow we're on may see Wi-Fi and after
opening and loading Instagram we
confirmed that we did indeed have the
Internet's okay now that we have it so
even though I was excited the app did
finally provide a working connection
Macy's free Wi-Fi wasn't exactly the
exclusive access I had hoped for when
downloading the app especially since
there wasn't even a password so although
I think that a free Wi-Fi map is
definitely like a useful idea a lot of
the listings don't seem to work and that
might vary from place to place but at
least most of our listings didn't work
so all that said I don't think I would
want to endorse this product but to
companies out there listing yourselves
could be an interesting marketing
technique because I'm now aware of
premier care dental I can't vouch for
their dental services but no they don't
have Wi-Fi all right so next up is these
at pack from the happy Kingdom of
Denmark cha-da
there's a chair in there somewhere
alright let's get into it so it kind of
has like the size and shape of like ol
Bluetooth speaker and the weight - it's
pretty weighty I mean it seems pretty
straightforward especially because we
watched that video so let's just try it
out let me stand up so I can sit down
alright so supposedly it opens like this
okay and then though it's already
happening so as I mentioned before it
basically telescopes out and then you
can lock it into place by turning the
bottom bit okay that feels good now the
people who left this thing a negative
review on Amazon said that it was like
quite uncomfortable so I guess we'll see
how it feels on the old butt cheeks my
first observation was that it's less of
a seat that you mount and more of a butt
crunch oh I think I found the balance
point it's kind of an interesting
sensation it's more like I'm leaning
against a wall than anything else
as for the seat itself it's not
incredibly comfortable like deceit
definitely isn't padded but it's not
terrible and I definitely wouldn't call
it a hard pipe but I think the only way
to know for sure how it would feel in
the wild is to go out into that wild and
try it out so we're gonna go somewhere
with a lot of lines to wait in
Disneyland in the TMO pickaxe you look a
little bit like a Norse women it's
Thor's hammer
take me to Valhalla so after my show of
strength Tyler took me to Disneyland
to sit and wait all right
sixty-five minute line let's do this and
once in line it was time to set up camp
after actually sitting on the sit pack
for a few minutes it didn't really get
less comfortable it's just like a human
tripod or bike stand but there is a
balance point you have to stay at I
tried today it was too much now to be
fair I wasn't sitting continuously for
65 minutes since there were breaks every
time the line moved so I'm not feeling
like the hard climb sensation I just
let me drag a little big behind me Satan
although I wonder if it may also have
been more comfortable for me because I
already have some natural cushion or
insulation on my behind I'm basically
just sitting on my own money so maybe
the sensation varies from bootie to
bootie but for my part I thoroughly
enjoyed having this thing in line with
me so in terms of whether or not I would
endorse this product why might I would
consider it I think that the product
isn't necessarily perfect yet like it
seems like there are some pushes that
don't enjoy the sensation of this seat
on their behind but I did have a lot of
fun using it I like that it sort of
resembles a hammer to smash things with
and I also liked having a prop with me
when waiting in line and at the end of
the day you can lean on it so I'd say
it's OK in my book all right so our
final product is kizomba the psychic app
now I feel like it varies person to
person as to how much you believe in
these sort of supernatural things I'm
personally on the fence I don't
completely buy into it but I'm also kind
of prone to being superstitious and
paranoid so I don't usually seek out
psychics just in case they tell me
something I don't want to hear now that
said let's open the app so there seem to
be a few different categories I can
choose from love psychics psychic
readings tarot readings fortune-telling
personal astrology dream analysis career
advisor and psychic mediums so I think
of all these categories I'm the most
interested in personal astrology so
let's go with that one also I don't mess
with ghosts so there's that okay so we
have a few different advisors we can
choose from now I was immediately drawn
to one psychic in particular Oh
psychics Safina but she's in a reading
right now but I like her because her
name is almost Sofia so hoping to catch
Safina after she was done I subscribed
to her channel profile thingy I smashed
her subscribe button well see this is
your notification yes I hear that only
happened some of the time however after
about 30 minutes of waiting she was
still in a session which
means that someone has spent at least a
hundred and eighty dollars on that
reading I wish I could say I was mad but
I'm just happy for her
so besides Safina there are a few other
psychics online so we ended up doing
sessions with two different separate
psychics just to kind of test the waters
oh oh it's happening okay she's chatting
to me with psychic number one at first I
didn't know exactly what to say I feel
like I'm speed-dating yeah I've never
done this before
which isn't a great approach when you're
being charged by the minute but once I
got my bearings I asked for a general
astrological forecast of the next year
or so when would be a good or bad time
to do things what's coming up etc etc
and after taking down my name and birth
date she began making predictions she
says I do see that next year will be a
better year for you finances will be
good and there are a lot of events
coming where I'll be happy fun overall I
would say psychic number one was
generally general but also really nice
oh that's so sweet
she says I'm an amazing person she
doesn't even know me but when I pride
for more information on what exactly in
my astrological chart was prompting her
predictions she didn't really say
anything okay she says yes next year
will be much better sweetie yeah I'm
looking for some like more like star
reading although she did give me some
specific lucky numbers for the next year
7 3 11 maybe I will acquire 3 7-eleven
franchises now our second reading with
psychic number 2 was a little more
focused I pretty much asked for the same
general astrological forecast and she
had some more specific time frames for
me between March to June will be good
for the career growth my dear watch out
for some something coming next March to
June I better start thinking about that
now she also said that November and
December of this year would be good but
I guess that covers most of the next 9
months I also asked her for some
explanations on what in the stars she
was seeing exactly my dear this is the
transition period in your life oh I
thought she was gonna say the transition
period of like Saturn or something so
she didn't really answer the question
either she did also though provide a
lucky number
okay says that 13 is going to be a good
number for me which is not seven three
or eleven but there's a three and a one
involved as well as make one kind of
uncanny recommendation so she says so
just go with the flow and try wearing
back on Saturdays do you mean wearing
black
she says wearing black Wow
it was a little bit of a professor
Trelawney moment but I'm not sure what
she meant by wearing black specifically
on Saturdays regardless our second
psychic seemed a little more specific in
her recommendations so I would say she
was a bit better even though they both
sort of dodged my questions about the
actual astronomy of the astrology now in
terms of whether or not I would endorse
kizomba the answer probably has to be no
just because I feel like whether or not
you even believe in psychics is very
subjective so I wouldn't want to be like
this definitely works and when you're
paying by the minute the bill can rack
up pretty fast
however if you do like talking to
psychics and you're into this kind of
thing I could see how you would like
this because it's kind of like tinder
but for psychics and also both of our
psychics were very very nice so it was
kind of soothing to chat with them I
feel like that's probably the sweet spot
for a psychic say nice things and types
whoa all right so that was my not
sponsored haul in terms of these
products specifically I'm pretty glad
that I got to try them out because as I
mentioned a lot of these companies that
blast our email do seem pretty
interesting or peculiar
and they mostly ended up being kind of
fun that said I'm not just gonna start
partnering with a lot of these companies
because they are pretty unvetted and if
I'm gonna be promoting something I just
want to be selective about which brands
I like let through to you guys if
anything came out of this experience
maybe I'll just start buying more of
these products on my own to try out now
once again I don't want to malign
sponsorships in general as I know
there's been some controversy around
them recently I personally don't like
making sponsored reviews or full-on
dedicated videos and that's why our
sponsored plugs have been contained to
like 60-second segments at the beginning
of our
but I also don't think there's anything
outright wrong about doing a sponsored
review as long as that person discloses
it to their audience there's been rumors
of like loopholes and non-disclosed
sponsored reviews which I don't know a
lot about but if someone is doing that I
would ask them to stop because I think
it undermines youtubers in general and
also violate some level of trust between
creators and audiences now with that
said if I suddenly become the Oprah of
sit packs in the next month you all know
why just kidding but do you want to sit
back thank you guys so much for watching
if you liked that video make sure to
trim a that like button and if you want
to see more videos like this make sure
to shamash that subscribe button here
are my social media handles and a big
shout out to Raven danger Navy for
watching thanks for watching Raven
danger Navy and I will see you guys a
next time
