hello friends and welcome to another
video this week I'm gonna have all of my
outfits chosen for me by an app yes this
is concurrently the future and also 1995
so this product called purple or pure
pole is an online closet organizing app
which from their description on the app
store seems to have a lot of different
use cases but most notably claims to be
able to be a virtual stylist that can
suggest you outfits based on your own
clothes that you upload to the app now
when I heard of this I immediately
thought of shares out some clueless
which I guess wasn't exactly an app it
was more of like a PC program but either
way I had to try it now my closet
doesn't even come close to rival and
share Horowitz's but I'm curious to see
what this app can do I have a lot of
black clothing items so I'm not gonna do
my whole normal wardrobe because I think
they'd be a little too easy to match
instead I'm gonna throw in a few pieces
that I wear all of the time a few more
colorful pieces I learned less of the
time and a few items from past videos
that are a little more unconventional
just to see what purple will do with
them okay let's get it on so first I'm
gonna take pictures of all of my clothes
to upload to the app so I think I've got
everything that I want to put into the
purple app right here I think we have
enough stuff I've got like a few of
every category of clothes yeah work it
we might be here for a while I feel
kinda like a mom like taking photos of
their kids like Kim you're doing amazing
sweetie
how many cleaners gonna take of the same
sweater apparently a lot okay so I
finally took like all of my photos of
all my clothes and now you have to
upload them into the app and like give
them some information about it so I'm
going to enter this long black cardigan
this I will add as a sweater there you
go so you can put in a lot of
information about each item occasion
weather rating size color price I think
we should definitely add in like the
color at least I think that to some
degree they must use the photo but I
think any information you
give them a little help so I'm gonna add
in the color for all the things I just
put in which is five bags eight dresses
seven pairs of earrings seven jackets
five pairs of jeans ten necklaces three
pairs of pants 14 pairs of shoes three
pairs of shorts five skirts five
sunglasses and 17 tops so check back
with me in about an hour okay I think
I'm done I ended up pretty much just
doing the colors but I did input
multiple colors in for each item if
there were multiple colors represented
so I'm going to ask it to suggest me an
outfit I'm gonna ask for a bag dress
earrings jacket necklace shoes and
sunglasses and then let's see what it
says oh it's a little bit of a random
outfit but it's definitely a full outfit
Oh interesting
okay so I'm like moving it around it
looks like I can almost like swipe like
tinder that's interesting to note like
maybe we should just swipe around a
little bit just to give it some sense of
my preferences for what I like to wear
but I feel like when it comes to the
week and like actually wearing the
outfits I think I'm just gonna take
their first suggestion right off the bat
just because I want to see what they
want me to wear so starting tomorrow I'm
just gonna ask it for some items of
clothing and then it's gonna suggest me
an outfit and I'm gonna wear it all
right so it's day one of purple choosing
my outfit so let's see what they want me
to wear today so today I'm gonna need a
bag some earrings a jacket pants
necklace susannah top ah okay so this is
my first outfit that they want me to
wear it's interesting cuz it's kind of a
combination of a lot of different colors
and textures I can see some like
consistencies with the iridescent in my
hallo backpack and in my Tivo shoes but
everything else is kind of a little all
over the place
alright let's put it on so this first
outfit I called the Polo and acid wash
soup look besides the acid wash the rest
of the up it's like a little Kim
Possible it is Kim Possible even the
chokers like a little Kim Possible
because of
so you're like this is her hair this is
her top and this is her bottom overall I
actually like this outfit and I'm glad
that purple seems to be a fan of my
platform Tevas which I feel like no one
else likes besides me and now this app
purple so I like those things you've
roasted me before I have roasted you I
love it when my hammer toes are exposed
get at me we can see I'm still not
exactly sure what about it it like
matched together in its computer mind
but I think that to the human eye this
outfit is kind of cool actually I think
between the Kim Possible vibe and the
Tevas and the acid-wash something about
this outfit is kind of like giving me
nostalgia for like the mid 2000 so even
though I'm outside of my comfort zone
color wise I'm very much in my comfort
zone in like pop-culture references I
saw Katie Heron learn on Vincent Eva's
yeah it's not gonna happen
stop trying to make that happens after
someone support me so for my second
outfit purple chose for me this like
mashup of like a rainbow and a dark look
the Evie shirt is back the e t-shirt is
back not necessarily by popular demand
but it is back I think purple definitely
match things by like rainbows today with
the opal earrings and like all the
different colors in this shirt and the
holographic boots so it's kind of going
like all the colors and then black stuff
maybe in their program they're like ah
patterned or like multicolored things go
well with simple basics so they were
trying to like offset the rainbows with
some more simple stuff but that's just a
guess ready for the magic
yeah it's hollow bitch I think that
purple did an okay job with this outfit
it was definitely fun to revive the Evy
shirt and the holographic boots but I
think overall the effect was kind of
like I went to an EDM concert yesterday
you're kind of like a rave casual I did
enjoy wearing the outfit though even
though the Evy shirt is by no means a
fan favorite I did enjoy bringing her
out on the town she's making a comeback
here btv that's in the Eevee's I though
sorry
so for my day three outfit purple went
for this pretty simple jeans and a
t-shirt look I'm wearing this like black
t-shirt with whole pocket with malt cat
that flips you off I love that guy and
I'm wearing these flare jeans from the
2007 video I think it was definitely
matching like the black shirt with the
black bag and then interestingly enough
the pink shoes I think with the pink
from the ears of the cat because I made
sure that when I went through inputting
information about all of these items I
put in like every color that was on
there which maybe was a mistake on my
part but I'm think that's what happened
be like a spunky high school beat you do
have a high school vibe to you right now
day three was also a big filming day
it's when we filmed the buying a full
face of makeup blindfolded video so it
was actually pretty coincidental that
purple chose me like a quite comfortable
outfit for that day and I'm very
thankful for that but overall as an
outfit I think it's pretty bare-bones
something that's interesting about the
purple app is that maybe it'll suggest
something that'll X spark some create
interest you Nemean where you're like me
I never thought of putting those
together but with this I'm just kind of
chillin I would definitely wear this
outfit again probably watching TV or
hanging out like on a weekend so it's
pretty late at night and I'm still
wearing my outfit I feel like at this
point I've usually changed into pajamas
of some kind but I'm pretty comfortable
so or should I say I have pretty medium
feelings about this outfit but I have
pretty great feelings about this little
cap so on day 4 purple pulled out my
olive green wish parachute ooh jumpsuit
I did put it in the roster just to see
what would happen and purple wasn't
afraid to pull it out yeah I think
purple was like Oh a jumpsuit and wish
was like sort of there are definitely
some through lines in this outfit I feel
like I'm like straddling the line
between like clown the parachute pants
look and like a little bit of like a
disoriented do a leap oh look I think
that the biggest through line is the
floral stuff and there is some green and
the leaves of this jacket which maybe
make sense with why they chose the green
jumpsuit the holographic backpack I
think the thing is like because it's
kind of rainbow they seem to be putting
the holographic stuff with pretty much
anything they want can't leave your holo
at home kids I would say that overall
this outfit is kind of cool in its own
way but I definitely was just like a
shapeless parachute underneath a bomber
jacket that's hot that's what they
wanted the club usually people like to
wear less clothes
I'd like to wear more I like fit in the
evening breeze it almost acts like a
sail I feel like if you like fell off
like a rather high ledge and you were
wearing this thing I'd be like um a
flying squirrel I think that something
about this outfit made me think like oh
maybe I'll wear this bomber again oh
maybe I should wear these shoes more
often but altogether I'm not really sure
I pull it off your butt is like all out
right now this is the atomic wedgie
jumpsuit on day five purple pulled out
the acid wash and holo combination once
again this is the least dark outfit I've
seen you wear in like the last two years
you know kind of all of the items
besides the earrings are kind of like a
white blue or silver tone i think that
the earrings which are red and gold are
a little random for this outfit but
besides that it is kind of just like a
little bit of like a light wash look I'm
like the white swan' version of myself
but usually I'm made and today I think
the purple did a decent job with this
outfit there's nothing wrong with it I
don't think I stick out I think I only
have two got to me the only thing that I
didn't like about wearing it is that I
felt like I had to be really careful
when eating or drinking because usually
I'm wearing a black shirt that if
something spills into it and I can
almost just like rub it in drinking to
you suddenly very high
bringing the saucer with you
so on day six purple chose for me this
flowy autumnal look I feel like in
general ready for fall but like LA fall
yeah
you give me go under like a pumpkin
patch are you gonna take me can I go to
foam capatch wait yeah actually so most
of this outfit is black but they did
throw in this kind of like butternut
squash colored skirt so they've kind of
built up like a black base and then
accented it with a color I feel like a
kooky middle school art teacher yeah
almost like a hip which that is my
desired aesthetic this was by far my
favorite outfit of the week that purple
chose have you been able to see any
booty no booty yet and I think with the
blur of this video all right well just
look out for my only problems with the
outfit were the accessories and the top
choice the accessories were just a
little much and like just almost two
giant your earrings look like they're
trying to catch a television signal I
think purple may have a problem with
identifying the shape or size of things
because I don't think they knew how
large these earrings would be my other
small problem with the outfit is that I
really like this cold-shoulder top but
they kind of hid it underneath this
jacket but overall I really like this
outfit and I haven't worn this skirt in
a while but I really do like it and I
kind of forgot that I had it in a way so
it was like a fun rediscovery of
something that I already owned it's very
flowy it's like a paper bag so through
the wind okay again I would definitely
wear this whole outfit again in fact I
would like to wear it again very soon
within the months of October and
November Tyler you better didn't take me
to a pumpkin patch of this outfit day 7
marked the return of the hollow backpack
and the cat middle finger guy
Purple's Hollow sexual Kirk was like a
future AI they're like second literally
sexually attracted to holographic
I'm gonna be honest this was a pretty
random outfit especially for the last
day I was like looking for like a grand
finale but like day seven was just kind
of like well it's a little more laundry
day than I think some the other outfits
have been this week but I think Purple's
you know taking a risk trying my
favorite part is outfit was that I got
to wear this shirt that a subscriber
sent to me because it reminded them of
the ugliest shirt in the world give me
your arm
try and tie me in I'm staking my claim
good this is what I wanted
I would not wear this outfit all
together again but I did like everything
I was wearing like all these employers
also I don't usually wear these slippers
outside of the house and I maybe should
because they were fun missiles to launch
at Tyler you gotta be warning do more
okay so that was my week wearing purple
recommended outfits it was definitely
fun to see what purple would suggest and
also what its favorite items seemed to
be purple is definitely a hollow sexual
the Hollow backpack the hollow boots the
hollow tote bag like kept coming out
it's also really fun to just swipe
through the suggested outfits it's kind
of like your online shopping but in your
own closet so you're not spending any
money my confusion about the app is that
it doesn't seem very clear what exactly
the technology is supposed to or what
it's trying to do I feel like sometimes
it just stumbles upon a cool outfit and
other times it kind of just gives you uh
something I would be interested to know
what the app can glean from the photos
that you give it because I feel like
there's a possibility that they're just
taking the information that you give it
like when you categorize it and when you
tell it what color it is and just kind
of like spinning it back out
I would hope they have some type of like
photo reading technology but from my
experience this week I can't say for
sure yes or no that they do even if the
technology is potentially pretty basic
and the matches are kind of random I did
enjoy using it I don't think it's
perfect at recommending full outfits but
it's definitely good for a little
inspiration I also have a soft spot for
it because it likes my platform Tevas in
my Birkenstocks and no one else really
does so I'm team purple because purple
is team me thank you guys so much for
watching if you liked that video make
sure to smash that like button and if
you want to see more videos like this
make sure to shamash that subscribe
button and if you've already smashed
that subscribe button make sure to also
smash that little Bell icon in the
middle to turn on post notifications so
you get a notification every time that I
post here are my social media handles
and make sure to check out my next feet
I do a lot of daily vlogging and q and
A's on there a big shout-out to tallousa
thanks for watching Tabitha and I will
see you guys next time
