this is Sophia's near me
hello friends and welcome to another
video today I'm gonna be buying and
opening an Amazon return box so I'm
guessing that most of you guys have
probably bought something from Amazon
before and at least some of you have
also returned something to Amazon now
I've done both of those things and to be
honest I always assumed that when you
return something they just juice it up
and then sell it again but supposedly
unless it's a hundred percent unopened
like new new Amazon actually sends their
customer returns to a liquidation
facility where they are bundled with
other returned items and auctioned off
to the highest bidder so we found this
website actually named Wai quotation com
which amongst other things
auctions off these Amazon return
packages and it seems like from the
looks of it you can get a lot of
returned merchandise for a fraction of
what it would altogether sell for at
retail price like thousands of dollars
worth of items for like a hundred bucks
which sounds good maybe too good so I
figured it would be fun to bid on and
buy a return box and when it gets here
see if it's actually a really great deal
or if these items are a little further
away from almost-new than we had hoped
all right let's start bidding so I'm
gonna open up liquidation calm and
liquidation calm doesn't only service
like Amazon returns but you can search
specifically for them and when you look
at just the Amazon returns you see a lot
of different packages that are up for
auction in the next day or so
like housewares air conditioners apparel
health and beauty X boxes you name it
they may have it so let's take a look at
this apparel bundle just so you guys can
kind of see how these listings are laid
out so for this one specifically you get
61 items with a suggested retail price
of $2,000 and right now the top bid is
$100 usually there are a couple of
photos that oftentimes aren't like very
helpful they're sort of taken at close
up angle so you don't get a good view of
the whole package but you can see
everything that's supposed to be in the
package because they have this manifest
where they list every
that's in there the only trickery that
might be afoot is maybe if the items are
in bad condition I wouldn't be able to
tell because the photo is just of a
Timex watch really close up you can also
see on the manifest that even though
each bundle is categorized like this one
is supposed to be apparel there are
still some random throw ins in each
package like for items called Bed Bath
home and closet as well as a thermos and
an American Kennel Club anti-anxiety
calming coat for dogs which I guess is
apparel but it's just dog apparel so
there is like some elements of an ebay
mystery box it's not a mystery but it's
a box of a lot of different things
alright so now that we've kind of like
walked through a listing let's just like
take a look at some of the ones that are
available in the next day or so I'm
mostly interested in apparel and health
and beauty packages because I want to
get something that we can try on or put
on our face my face my singular face so
on this first page there are a few of
here'll listings it looks like this is
like an ugly Christmas sweater right
here with some pentagrams on it it's a
little early for Christmas but I guess
for like satanic Christmas it's just
it's just a year-round affair there's
also something called aqua dance in here
it says the ultimate shower experience
so this listing has a hundred and ten
items in it and it's retail value is
said to be two thousand and seventy
three dollars with a current bid of a
hundred and ten dollars in general I
think a lot of these listings are
marketed towards people who are opening
up stores who might want to like buy a
lot of things to have inventory to sell
so I feel like maybe with this listing
they're hoping for like a satanic shower
shop owner I'm really intrigued by this
category a sorted bed bath home in
closet because it seems like a lot of
these listings just have like a bunch of
those thrown in I'm pretty interested in
this box so I'm gonna call it option one
but we're gonna keep scrolling and see
if we can't find some other options as
well
this sounds kind of interesting this is
a health and beauty package and one of
the marquee items is a bran epilator I
think epilator is like a hair removal
device I dress it
Tylar usually waxes my mustache so this
package has 50 items in it and the
retail value is supposed to be $1,500
and the current bid is a hundred and
fifty dollars but in one of these photos
it looks like something is very broken
or torn up that's a very revealing photo
I'm surprised they included that so it
actually looks like there are two
different kind of epilator x' which are
electric hair removers besides that we
also have a couple of water flossers a
white noise sound machine I wonder if
that's the thing that's broken here as
well as a lot of like hair styling tools
and a few mystery health and beauty
items so that's the general gist of this
package so we'll keep this one in the
running and I'll keep looking around for
a couple more options ooh interesting so
this is a housewares bundle but it says
there is a teacup set in it and that
piques my interest right away so there
are 57 items in this bundle and the
suggested retail value is one thousand
seven hundred and seventy dollars and
the current bid is 83 bucks it's pretty
good it's a pretty good one so in this
manifest it looks like the most
expensive item is a royal quality fur
felt hat after that it seems like
there's actually just a lot of apparel
items before we get to any home goods
but there is a removable plate to grill
and panini press now that's intriguing
oh and at the bottom we've got a bunch
of mugs this one actually does sound
kind of promising even though I'm not
really big into like fur things so I'm
gonna put this to the side as option
number three and let's just see if we
can find one more possible option and
then we'll decide between our four so
this listing has a ping-pong table I
don't know if we have space for it but
it does sound exciting in this same
listing they're also selling a cage and
a crib so I don't really know what's
going on there it's a little bit strange
ooh this one says Ray Ban sunglasses
that looks interesting all right so this
is another apparel bundle and it says
that it has 55 items in it and it
suggested retail value is seventeen
hundred and fifty dollars and it's
current bid is a hundred bucks so it
looks like the most expensive item is a
Dona Morgan pay
Tinh down but it is a size two so I
would not fit into that but then the
second most expensive item is our pair
of ray-bans sunglasses which are worth a
hundred and eighty-seven dollars besides
that it looks like most of the other
apparel is like athletic apparel oh wow
and then we also further down have a
Naughty by Nature faux leather garter
slip and thong set this one seems to
have a little less logic as to how they
pieced everything together but you know
I feel like all four of these packages
have just some strange items thrown in
alright so I think we have our four
options of course we have our first slot
which is the sort of like a cult
Christmas sweater lot and then our
second option is our hair bundle as in
there are a lot of hair removers and
also hair style errs our third option
has the tea cup set panini press and fur
hat and our fourth option has a very
expensive pair of ray-bans sunglasses
and then a lot of extra fun stuff thrown
in as well now I feel like usually when
people buy these packages they're
looking for like the best resale value
but I'm more looking for products we can
test so I am actually leaning towards
the hair removers and stylers bundle
just because I've never tried an
epilator before and also because there
are a lot of electronics in there and
I'm interested to see if maybe they were
returned because they're defective or
something so there's six hours left in
this auction so I'm gonna start bidding
on this guy and hopefully win it and
once it's finally here we'll test some
of these things out okay so I'm up about
six hours later and I just swooped in
and got the winning bid on our listing
turns out that while I was sleeping a
lot of people bid on our broad epilator
so the price got jacked up like all the
way to 261 dollars which is still a good
deal but like not as good of a deal as
it looked like before so we also have to
pay for shipping which I knew beforehand
wasn't going to be cheap but it's not
cheap shipping is actually about $200 so
the entire price of the
which comes out closer to $500 and I
think that's probably because we got
like a package that's so far away ours
was in Indiana so it was closer it'd
probably be cheaper and if it was even
closer you could just go pick it up in
person but regardless it's on its way
now so next time you see me I'll have my
haul alright so it's been about 10 days
and our packages have arrived so as you
can see we have four packages three
boxes which are like pretty intact
looking and then this box oh yeah I
remember seeing something kind of
smashed up in the photos on the listing
but I don't remember this specifically
so I'm gonna drag all of our boxes into
the garage oh man this one's heavy all
this long heavy so we can unbox
everything and make sure we got all of
our items and see what condition they're
in oh alright so here's how we're gonna
do this so we're supposed to have 50
items in here so I don't remember every
single item specifically and there were
also some mystery items on the manifest
so we'll see what that means but in
general I'm just gonna take everything
out and categorize them into different
piles
all right here's box number one ooh
looks like there's a hairbrush oh oh and
there's a hair in something it's not a
cake we can just take the hair off of it
music right yeah we could like um
sanitize it ah so this looks like the
broken product from the thumbnail photo
which I believe is the aroma diffusor it
actually doesn't look super broken I
just put them on the ground this is an
oil diffuser and this is a hairbrush now
let's see what other things we have like
those so this looks like a giant like
toiletry caddy doesn't it oh but it's a
guitar case I don't think I have a pile
for that yet next up we've got a couple
of electric razors one of which was on
the manifest as an assorted home and
bath product as well as another
hairbrush couldn't see any hair on that
one ah this is like a box of syringes
looking at the manifest it turns out
that this product was actually listed as
a stove gap cover which is what it says
on the jar so whoever returned this just
kept the stove gap cover and replaced it
with these random syringe
so now we have them ah here's one of the
marks the items the water pail those
things are expensive looks a little beat
up but I guess we'll see yeah it's a
good Christmas present for my boss next
up we have a water proof leg protector
it looks like it goes over a cast in
case you want to swim shall I put the
leg protector with the guitar case why
because they're like cases oh that's
good all right and then we only have a
couple of things left in here like some
unopened of soap head tube and ear plugs
electric toothbrush heads and this
compression leg massager is this real
alright so that is box number one empty
so there were 14 items in the first box
and at least one hair ready for box to
slice away oh so right at the top there
are some flushable wipes and then we've
got nitrile finger cots for Tyler
they're like tiny condoms for your
fingers what is that for it says for
medical examination use oh if you need
to examine something with only your
finger okay I don't know what we're
gonna do with these well we're gonna do
with them you know we don't have to use
them all right I'm just gonna put these
with the syringes and we're just gonna
leave them there moving forward we have
some Beauty vitamins a diva shower cap
this is a good box another water pick
and some hair styling tools now this is
the true marki item the Brawn wet and
dry epilator I did grow my mustache out
just for this occasion we went to
Australia I let my moustache hairs grow
as wild as the Australian bush and we've
returned we've also got a scale where
should this go maybe like medical
instruments this is just kind of like
things we don't want and then we have
our white noise machine some Clinique
cleanser more toothbrush heads some
foundation and a ton of men's deodorant
that's a good vibe do you like that kind
Tyler well you like it now we also have
this this is a vibrator which is
actually just another electric hair
remover but it looks kind of suspicious
now there is a lot of stuff in this box
which kind of appeases some of my
anxiety of wondering if we even got all
of the 50 things we ordered and some of
that stuff has been kind of surprising
like body lubricant what does that mean
it's for NSFW purposes yeah Wow it says
squeeze proper amount of the product on
the fingers and spread it the bottle
neck can be directly into the which is
more concise more health and more
convenient I'm gonna put this with the
medical supplies all right so to finish
off box number two we have a memory foam
wedge cushion for some wedge and I've
also got a knee brace so after box
number two we have 39 items so there
must only be 11 items in the last two
boxes maybe the destroyed box is just
like one giant carton of Lube all right
box number three okay so we've got this
he'll guide compression stocking aid
it's like if you can't bend down to like
put on your socks you can use this and
we've also got another scale let's put
that with the Lube aside from those I
have this DS Beauty kind like Deez Nuts
but bees Beauty which is our other
expensive hair removal device we also
have this shower bench as well as this
haphazardly repackaged hair curler and
this box of lens cleaning cloths that
like totally exploded down there in fact
I'm just gonna leave them in the box for
the time being but with that we've got
45 items and only one box left alright
here we go oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god wheat this is why it's so
heavy it's a single 15 pound weight ah
sort of shockingly the rest of the stuff
in here looks pretty intact
oh this is heavy too it says everyone
lotion to pack coconut oh this could be
this could be what we're waiting for
oh yeah this is some like sold at Whole
Foods lotion
oh is it
that is nice I'm pleased with that so
with our fancy-schmancy lotion it looks
like we do have 50 items maybe not all
the items we or the manifest expected
but there's 50 I think personally I'm
the most excited about like the face and
bath products but I'm also excited about
the number of electronic devices that we
have which definitely like ups the value
of our entire haul but I guess the big
remaining question about the electronic
specifically is do they work so let's
try and just see if they turn on I'm
basically just gonna be plugging
everything into this outlet that also is
plugged into our ADT system just ignore
it but also don't break into our house
so I started by plugging in all of the
heated hair stylers I don't know how
this works it looks like a medieval
torture device but it's on and it's
warming it looks like you could maybe
cook a hot dog in there alright this is
the same item again see you got a pair
of them you can cook two hot dogs they
did all turn on and become hot though I
don't really know how to use any of them
besides the normal hair dryer look at my
sideburns blowing in the wind and the
straightening brush which seems
straightforward enough but I still don't
know if I did it right do I look like
Eva Longoria yet then I plugged in a few
assorted items starting with our aroma
vapor diffuser Oh which amazingly does
work despite its smushed packaging mmm
smells like h2o our white noise machine
also worked though it wasn't quite what
I thought it would be oh it's just one
noise it's just a little fan in there
that's making a little white noise in
regards to our two water picks which are
pretty high value items one came out of
the box looking pretty good oh yeah this
looks nice and new almost too good but
once we got it under control
it seemed to work pretty well oh oh the
other one however was missing quite a
few pieces
that has any Waterpik heads yeah what
the heck this one doesn't even have the
water thing this one is incomplete after
that we ran into a few more duds
including our compression leg a massager
which I still don't quite understand did
I do it wrong these are new batteries
right and apparently I never will I'm
very sad to say I don't think this works
our scales went 2 for 3 they all turned
on but the one in the middle is reading
like almost a full a hundred pounds more
so I guess it's either 2 for 3 or 1 for
3 depending on which one's right we also
had this pair of sleeping headphones
which were more of a design dud the
speakers are like right here so they're
way behind my ears so I could barely
hear anything which isn't usually ideal
for headphones and that's like the right
orientation I think so what should it be
in front of my eyes I don't think so
after that we took on our mountain of
electric razors which all turned on but
most of which had other people's
shavings still on them except for this
one which thankfully came freshly sealed
afterwards we finally arrived at our
marquee hair removers the titular braun
epilator
and the d's beauty hair remover we
decided to epilate first oh oh my god I
just saw my life flash before my eyes
which works by grasping multiple hairs
at once and pulling them out at the root
so the effects last longer than shaving
all right the time is nigh to release
the Beast so we put on the facial cap to
the epilator which didn't really make it
look any less terrifying and took a stab
at it turns out it's way more painful
than waxing no one hurt and for some
reason Tyler also wanted to try it out
and he confirmed it is painful in terms
of results I didn't really see much but
I know that's probably because I haven't
built up the pain tolerance to actually
use it I'm sad this hurts me alright so
we do have our other mustache removal
alternative which is deez nutz
so after looking at the box it turns out
it's actually a straight-up
laser that's like a mini version of one
you might use at a laser hair removal
clinic oh yeah they gave me sunglasses
all right
this is what I've found so the
instructions actually say to not go
straight to using it on your face and to
do a patch test on your arm in case the
laserdisc colors your skin I'm okay with
my arm being discolored but like the
mustache is the moneymaker so we got to
keep that area fresh so without further
ado we got to zapping you feel that yes
now for actual laser use you usually
have to shave first and then laser but
for the patch test I didn't do that
oh do you smell my singed hairs oh my
god I do and after a few more cursory
zaps I think we deemed this product a
success in that it does zap this is
straight up a laser hair remover dude
this is awesome so those were all of the
electronics which mostly worked or at
least turned on and I think just with
the electronics alone we had already
earned our initial money back now for
the remaining items you can pretty much
just eyeball their condition and besides
a few hairs they all look pretty usable
there were a couple of boxed products
that we opened out of curiosity though
like the memory foam cushion oh is it
for your butt yeah oh yeah oh my god I'm
gonna sit on this right now take a good
look at it cuz you'll never see this
again oh yes this works we also opened
the stocking applicator which required
some assembly I don't want to read
instructions but after some sock
finagling it ended up working just fine
oh oh my god it's magic oh all right so
that was our Amazon return box haul
overall I'm pretty impressed with all of
it and I feel like we did get some good
bang for our buck I think my main
complaint with the whole thing is that
it's a pretty involved process and you
do get a lot of random stuff so I'm not
sure how practical it is for like an
individual person to buy and I think if
you're someone who's trying to buy and
then resell these items even though most
of this stuff works almost all of it
came used so you wouldn't be able to
resell it for like a hundred percent
retail value I think the ideal consumer
for this box specifically might be
someone who's trying to open up like a
hair salon or something and I think more
generally these boxes might make
since for someone who's trying to
acquire equipment for a business or
maybe stock a dorm room or hallway or
entire freshman dorm as for me there are
definitely some things that I'm excited
about and I want to keep but I think
we're probably gonna donate the extra
hair tools to a beauty school or
something and maybe donate the Lube and
the finger cops to a doctor
I guess maybe one that likes to party or
not I don't know thank you guys so much
for watching if you liked that video
make sure to smash that like button and
if you want to see more videos like this
make sure to shamash that subscribe
button a big shout out to itself for
watching thanks for watching itself and
I will see you guys next time
