hello friends and welcome to another
video today I'm gonna be dressing like
we did 20 years ago
in 1997 1997 was the year that brought
us the Spice Girls movie dolly the
cloned sheep Titanic and the births of
Kylie Jenner Harry Potter and Jake Paul
from Hale Bopp Tim Bob 1997 was a year
of raising tiny digital animals as well
as spending entire college savings on
tiny bean filled ones while NASA was
making first contact with Mars boy bands
such as the Backstreet Boys and NSYNC
were frosting their tips and releasing
their first albums in regards to what we
were wearing it was a year of track
pants platform sneakers chokers maxi
skirts and very exposed apps I was
barely a person in 1997 I was for going
on five and starting kindergarten so I
have a few memories of the iconic
fashions of the year namely this
Pocahontas dress that I spent about 90%
of my time in besides that it's hard to
capture everything about the fashions of
1997 in just three outfits so I'm sorry
if I miss anything and I'm definitely
gonna miss some things but after
watching a lot of old music videos and
doing some research I think I've come up
with three outfits that echo some of the
iconic styles of the time also I'm going
to be focusing primarily on American
fashion except for the Spice Girls who
are truly relevant in every place at
every time so 1997 what happened and
what we wore for my first outfit I was
inspired by a major fashion icon of the
time Rachel Green from friends I'm
calling it the Rachel at work outfit
from her haircut to her outfits Jennifer
Aniston as Rachel was highly influential
to everyday fashion looks by Rachel
she's beat this dress in particular
draws from a look of hers from season
four but also more generally the sheer
clothing trend that took over the late
90s see-through clothing like mesh and
sheer fabrics were in I think partially
because lingerie such as bras and slips
were so popular a testament to this was
that the 90s were a big decade for
Victoria's Secret with
450 million catalogues mailed in 1997
alone and as lingerie became more
popular the idea of seeing it in public
became more acceptable I'm wearing a lot
of layers right now like I've got tights
and a slip and a dress there's
definitely a little bit of bunching
happening I just have to keep track of
everything basically this aesthetic is
both dark and simple which captures the
minimalism trend of the late 90s
minimalism was a back-to-basics trend
that was seen as a reaction to the
over-the-topness of the 80s I think this
sheer top and the slip underneath is
actually kind of demure it's kind of
like olsommer but not that much I chose
these boots because of the high calf
square toe and thick but not too chunky
heel perfect for stomping I feel like
you could hear me coming it sounds like
a Power Move I feel like you're walking
with purpose everywhere
I am in charge of this office Tyler
these were not the boots that Rachel was
wearing with her sheer dress but I
suspect that Rachel owned a pair of
these boots finally for the makeup I
kept it as simple as possible mirroring
the minimalism trend makeup in the 90s
was generally pretty understated
characterized by matte skin natural eye
shadow a hint of contour mostly no
eyeliner and lipstick of natural tones I
basically exactly color matched this off
of a picture of Gwyneth Paltrow in 1997
besides maybe the square toe and the
lack of eyeliner I would say this outfit
is completely back in style
here
at this point don't you think you're
just belaboring the point I think we get
it Shir it's definitely a nod to the 90s
but I don't think anyone would be
shocked by somebody wearing this today
it's appalling I found a fella that's
like a decorative fountain that's tiny
I'm trying so for my second outfit I
went for a more laid-back looser fitting
vibe inspired by Natalie imbruglia's
clothing in her torn music video imbrue
Imbruglia I think is Imbruglia Imbruglia
I chose these baggy skater style pants
as seen in this 1997 Delia's catalogue
as well as on Ellen DeGeneres amongst
others and paired them with these chunky
Doc Martin work boots reminiscent of the
late grunge styles of the 90s you know
you got to have a chunky soul although
the grunge movement was at its height
during the early to mid 90s elements of
grunge fashion lingered until 97 and
throughout the rest of the decade in
more mainstream looks its kind of dark
colors it's kind of loose I have a
cardigan on you look way too warm out
here let me live man I definitely feel
like an extra in like a late 90s high
school movie like I'm in a few shots I'm
at a locker behind the main character
lounge
I love English class can't wait to get
there underneath my cardigan I chose
this angsty Fiona Apple style muscle tee
featuring a dragon print drawing on the
chinoise re trend of the year chinoise
re which literally means Chinese
inspired became a giant fashion trend as
people started adopting chiong ssam
style dresses dragon motifs satin
printed shoes and chopsticks for the
hair
you saw this unlike tops bags everything
basically it was kind of like everywhere
I think this is also when the meme of
getting a Chinese character tattoo that
doesn't mean what you think it means was
born looks really good honestly it's US
law means toilet there was also a lot of
attention on East Asian politics that
year as Britain relinquished control of
Hong Kong back july and handover themed
parties were held around the world 1997
was also noted for being a year of new
fashion trends after the tragic death of
david Sorrenti a leading photographer of
the widespread heroin chic style of the
mid 90s
this led designers and even then
President Bill Clinton to call for a new
healthier direction in fashion trends I
also chose this small backpack
these rimless sunglasses and this simple
makeup look which is torn directly from
Natalie imbruglia's music video she's
torn so she doesn't want a lot of
eyeliner to cry off
I feel like both a teen and a young
adult in this outfit without the
backpack of the cardigan
it could also excute her because this is
almost in its own way
like Rachel and Monica doing chores on
Sunday I'm cold I'm afraid and I'm
laying naked on the floor
it's how I feel
now this outfit is inspired by Mel C or
sporty spice of the Spice Girls the
Spice Girls may have released their
first album in 1996 but by 1997 they had
conquered the world each of the Spice
Girls were influential in their own way
but sporty spice truly captured the
activewear craze of the time I don't
feel like I want to work out but I know
that I could I chose this orange halter
top in these blue track pants inspired
by Sporty's look and we wanna be music
video and in the spice world movie I
feel like in general these pants are
less shapely than the workout pants of
today no regard for the butt no regard
for whatever this area is called just
you know straight down
I feel like Miranda from Sex in the City
it's like this how we're walking through
Central Park this top is not quite as
cropped as it could be but just imagine
more of my stomach as well as maybe a
little bit of underwear peeking out from
beneath the pants one could hike the
shirt up more but I'm okay
this activewear trend was part of what
people called the dressing down of
America during the 90s it was also a
part of the fitness craze that began in
the 80s when workout gear became more of
a fashion statement and people began to
buy more than just one pair of sneakers
or just one Fitness outfit also you know
I'm have my scrunchie with me just in
case I need to pull my hair up and do
something even sporty-er than normal
neutral sporty I also chose these orange
and clear sunglasses once again inspired
by a look from the Delia's catalogue I
do look like kind of like stupid me o
running
the workout vibes continue with my 1997
nike air maxes unfortunately I think
after 20 years the shoes have deflated
but they're still comfortable to wear so
look great
in addition I picked up this small
printed messenger bag which I wish was a
little sporty or to go with the outfit
but I think it was pretty true to the
time period where's the radio show the
silhouette may be different nowadays but
popular brands of 1997 such as Adidas
Nike and Tommy Hilfiger are definitely
back in 2017 as trendy street fashion
still missing the swishy windbreaker
fabric though these other signature
stripes at the 97 one set up but they're
also like more like yoga pants like
they're not really track pant material
they don't have that windbreaker feel
and they're like definitely tighter to
the body if a leg swishes against
another leg and doesn't make a sound
did you really work out this last outfit
is a quick bonus outfit
my tendrils are flying in the wind no
tendrils stay I don't think we could
make a late 90s fashion video without
including some of these items
I feel like generally I just went for
like teen trends you know as teenage
witch or vampire hunter as I could I
think overall this is more of like a
winter dance occasion slash novelty look
so I've got this kind of like camisole
with embroidery and matching skirt a
plastic tattoo choker of course and then
I've got my platform Steve Madden slides
and then I've also got this little tiny
handbag with some tassels I actually
have no idea how to open it I don't oh
there you go for the makeup I went as
iridescent as possible I think frosty is
the feeling I went for something frosted
the hair is inspired by a Kirsten Dunst
look from 1997 inside of it somewhere
our butterfly clips also this is a lip
smacker worn on ironically this is
called rhythm and blues berry it tastes
kind of expired all in all it was really
fun to try and style outfits around the
1997 aesthetic I think in a lot of ways
this stuff is in style right now
especially with the sheer dress outfit
which is not that different from what I
wear today I don't think I
not at all in this outfit if anything I
just stand out because I'm a bit taller
than usual
are you sure it's not because you're
vlogging yourself also that I'm still
waiting on the cargo pants to come back
though just want to wear some butterfly
clips some cargo pants and just twirl
around whatever thank you guys so much
for watching if you liked that video
make sure to smash that like button and
if you want to see more videos like this
make sure to smash that subscribe button
and if you've already smashed that
subscribe button make sure to also show
mash that little bell icon in the middle
to turn on post notifications so you get
a notification every time that I post
here are my social media handles and
make sure to check out my next beat I do
a lot of daily vlogging and q and A's on
there a big shout out to Mary for
watching thanks for watching Mary and I
will see you guys next time update a
piece of Tyler's bagel has dropped into
the crotch of my pants and we'll never
see it again the folds have eaten it
it's just it's gone I literally like
looked for like a couple of minutes and
I don't know so many faults
