hello friends and welcome to another
video today I'm going to be taking on
another strange period product and this
time it's a swimsuit so I've been
hearing about this period swimsuit for a
little while and some of you guys have
tweeted at me and commented requesting
that I try it out so I decided to get it
and see what it is from what I can tell
it seems to be a swimsuit with a
reinforced crotch like a built in pad
basically it's described as leak-proof
swimwear so it's not watertight but it's
supposed to keep it all in it's actually
from the same company that makes the
Curia dike things that I tried a couple
of months ago which I had mixed feelings
about because the crotch was just a
little bulkier than I hoped it would be
and the company was a little wishy-washy
on whether you were supposed to wear the
leggings by themselves or with another
period product which kind of defeats the
purpose in my opinion but nevertheless
we have the swimsuit now and we're gonna
try it out so they had a few different
styles but I settled on the black one
piece after my experience with the
leggings I'm really hoping that it isn't
quite as turkeyneck ish in the crotch
area just because with the leggings at
least you can kind of wear a tunic top
to disguise the crotch but with a
swimsuit when you're on the beach it's
just kind of like wham bam thank you
ma'am
so this is what the instructions refer
to as the gusset it's like the crotchal
region of the inside of the bathing suit
and it's actually a fleecy material it
looks pretty much the same as the one on
the period leggings so we'll see now I'm
a tampon user so usually when I have to
wear a bathing suit on my period I'll
just pop one of those bad boys up there
but maybe this could safeguard against
any leaking possibilities on that front
in general though I think this swimsuit
is mostly geared towards those who wear
pads or other external period products
where the options currently are like
wear nothing or wear a pad into the
water and hope it doesn't blow up like a
balloon so if this thing works
it could be a good alternative I'm gonna
try and replicate that experience so I'm
just gonna wear this swimsuit by itself
with no other period products now I'm
actually gonna be traveling this way
so I'm gonna take this swimsuit with me
and we're gonna try it out in some
undetermined body of water somewhere in
the United States all right let's do it
okay so it is day four of my period out
of seven I am traveling I'm in Sandusky
Ohio because I'm a guest star on the
girls night in tour and I'm gonna be
wearing my period swimsuit today we are
going to Cedar Point which is I believe
an amusement park but there's also you
know sort of a waterfront opportunity
like a beachfront on Lake Erie
weirdly this worked out because I feel
like a great lake is the perfect place
to wear your period swimsuit because I
was kind of terrified to wear it to the
beach in LA because like that is an
ocean and there are sharks there and I
also feel kind of weird about wearing it
into a pool like I know there's chlorine
in a pool
it still feels more like a contained
environment versus a great lake has no
sharks and also is very large okay let's
go try it on so when I put it on at the
hotel the first thing I noticed was how
soft it was it's not necessarily like
super cute but it's like a pretty
harmless like one-piece black bathing
suit don't really have any complaints
about how it looks or feels on the body
I actually thought that the crotch was
less noticeable than the crotch with the
period leggings there is still like a
separate gusset panel which like I'm not
super jazzed about like I wish it was
just more built in overall but it
doesn't look as bad so I think that's a
pretty important factor we're heading
out to see your point a little bit and
we'll see how this thing does in the
wild so after leaving the hotel I was
basically wearing it as underwear and I
won't say that in motion the gusset is
pretty comfortable
doesn't like chase when I walk so let's
go all right so we are at Cedar Point so
far I feel actually diesel e Drive
definitely just drop or two but you know
general feeling pretty good so let's see
what happens when we get the beach it
took me a little while to find the lake
I have been walking for a little bit I
don't exactly know where I'm going but
there's a lake somewhere around here I
know
and smell it okay you guys I think I
finally figured it out I think I'm
actually walking up to the beach right
now
got some nice water to walk into looks
like we've got some innocent beachgoers
who don't know what I'm doing all right
so at the beach I took my dress off that
was over the bathing suit and the
bathing suit like looks pretty normal
when it's dry did that without putting
my camera down okay so I'm just in my
swimsuit I'm feeling pretty good right
now
I know that I have bled into the
swimsuit already I hope I don't see any
blood like floating to the top when I
walk into the water and I also hope that
my pad doesn't just inflate like a
diaper
but let's just walk in at first I wanted
to get in the water slightly away from
other people just because I wanted to
kind of like do my own thing but I kind
of got freaked out by a leaf that
brushed against my leg I am actually
such a scaredy cat I was like walking
like really comfortably in knee-deep
water and I felt a leaf on my foot and I
was like okay now I'm nurse to get heat
into the water where there's no one
nearby maybe I should get closer to
other people so I was finally ready to
submerge my gusset in the water so I'm
just gonna sit down and we're gonna see
what happens
okay okay but submerge all right okay
all the padded people II submerge all
right I'm now submerged up until my
waist basically to the pad is completely
under the water it's a little bit colder
down here so I did not see any clouding
or leaking actively happening as I sat
in the water I will say the lake water
is not very clear but I didn't see any
blood flow to the top I also did not
notice the gusset inflate like a raft it
did get wet obviously but it didn't
really get any bigger that said it did
get heavier it does not expand
exponentially like a diaper would but it
definitely looks like way down and soggy
when I stand up it's almost just like a
wet piece of fleece after about thirty
minutes in the water
I wasn't jazzed about how it looked but
I had to get out sometime I will say
though that I don't think anyone on the
beach is really giving me a second
glance besides the fact I'm filming
myself so I don't think anyone's really
noticing the droopy crotch as much as of
course I am noticing it all myself
I found a public shower and rinsed off
before putting my dress back on yes a
public shower yes wash in the butt I
think actually a little bit of sand got
stuck in the gusset because I kind of I
was really swimming I was more sitting
everybody when Shawn McKillop reach in
there and trying it out so after that I
just wanted to see how long the swimsuit
would take to dry something I didn't
actually think about until just now is
that I am now period I into a wet gusset
I hope it can still absorb while it's
wet I'm wearing a black dress also I
bought this clam hat in honor of my
period
so the body of the swimsuit dried pretty
quickly but I waited a long time for the
crotch to dry all right I would say it's
about 40 minutes post beach and I feel
like everything is dry pretty much
except for these gussets which still
feel soggy it's hard to say exactly in
there
like everything in the West I don't
think the swimsuit was leaking blood but
it was leaking water like I sat down on
a bench and then when I stood up like my
whole butt was just like covered in
water spots
definitely pick up in my pants
which is awesome so I was pretty much
out of commission for doing anything
else at the theme park it kind of put a
damper on my spirits okay so it's been
about three hours since I got in the
water the Sun is going down we're gonna
head back to the hotel soon and I would
say that I still have not reached like
dr0
like I'm still a little bit damp I don't
know that it's ever gonna get there when
it's on my body
by the time we left the crotch still
wasn't completely dried all right you
guys I am back in the hotel after I took
it off it took probably like an hour to
like fully fully dry but the funny thing
is now that it's dry I got to wash it
again and then wait for it to dry again
and then put it in my suitcase overall I
would say my experience in the period
swimsuit was not terrible
but there were some issues there's no
question to me that this is probably
better than wearing a pad straight into
the water I've never done that but this
does eliminate the inflation factor as
well as the visibility factor of like
seeing the wings of a pad on a swimsuit
I will say that this swimsuit was pretty
fine when it was dry like I don't think
that the crotch was not bulky and I'll
also say that the absorbency when dry
was pretty impressive like I didn't even
feel any dampness before I got the water
so as for the test of like putting my
butt in the water I would say that the
swimsuit felt totally fine when I was
just sort of like stationary and there
wasn't any like visible leaking or
expansion which was great that said once
you get out of the water it's not quite
as seamless it's a little bulky it's not
horrible it's not horrible but it's not
ideal
it's definitely noticeable and also it
seems to take forever to dry once it's
wet see the problem is that that is wet
fleece
oh yeah that's the issue it's bulky huh
it's bulky but it's more than it's just
like not swimsuit material right I think
that if you or someone who really
like tampons or can't use tampons or
this could be a good solution just to
like go to the beach or something but in
terms of actually getting in the water I
think it's a little soggy looking when
it's dry it doesn't look too bad so if
you're not swimming it could be a great
solution but if you are swimming I don't
know
thank you guys so much for watching if
you like that video make sure to smash
that like button and if you want to see
more videos like this make sure to smash
that subscribe button and if you've
already smashed that subscribe button
make sure to also shamash that little
bell icon in the middle to turn on post
notifications so you get a notification
every time that I post here are my
social media handles and make sure to
check out my next beat I do a lot of
daily vlogging and q and A's on there a
big shout out to Ariana for watching
thanks for watching Ariana and I will
see you guys next time
