hello friends and welcome to another
video today I'm going to be doing
something a little bit stupid and a
little bit irresponsible I'm going to be
melting all of my nude lipsticks
together to make one lipstick this
decision was inspired by two things one
I've had a cold recently and I've been
really hopped up on nyquil and dayquil
don't do that kids it's a bad idea
and - I saw Christine from simply
illogical do this a little bit ago where
she combined all of her holographic nail
polishes into one mega nail polish brood
but I don't have any nail polishes so
I'm going for what I do have which is
lipsticks you guys may know I've said it
before I'm a bit of a lipstick hoarder I
have a hard time throwing away lipstick
no matter how old it is I wanted to go
for nudes because one I buy a lot of
them and two I also thought that if I
melted all my lipsticks together in
general I would just end up with black
lipstick which I like but I already own
so maybe if I just stick to the nudes
I'll end up with a new nude color that
is a pseudo midpoint of all of them and
I'm curious to see what that would look
like and then tomorrow I'm gonna wear it
all day and see what happens see if it
is actually a lipstick or if it's just
monstrosity alright so I've got my
cutting board mold jar makeup wipes my
makeup mirror in case I get sentimental
my paper for swatching and my lipsticks
alright I'm gonna start off with a
lipstick that's very near and dear to my
heart
this is mrs. Norris she is one of the
custom lipsticks that I made at the bite
lip lab in January I'm just gonna swatch
just a little bit just so we can see
she's a little bit more of a brown than
a nude but I think the line between
brown and nude is going to be
larita day here here we go I'm like
nervous for this oh I don't actually
want to use like the entirety of every
tube of my nude lipsticks so I'm
basically just gonna be like kind of
chopping the tips kind of like mildly
circumcising that is not enough
maybe we need like a little bit more it
still works yeah we'll take more from
the other ones that made me really
nervous
am I gonna be able to go through with
this this second one is a NYX matte
lipstick in the colour butter I really
like this color but whenever I put it on
it has very poor but whole coverage oh
look at that look like tiny mouse turds
in there alright I'm gonna blow through
a couple of these let's start chopping
shall we
this is a color pop one in Aquarius it's
oldie but a goodie
it's a had for a couple of years II for
sure this still works if anything it's a
new beginning you know where we're
sloughing off all that dead skin on the
top and melting it all together so I've
been putting them into this glass bowl
and it's looking like I might need to be
a little less stingy I'm having a choppy
anxiety mmm I think I broke it
um we're gonna have to bring in a
lighter for some emergency lipstick
surgery because I will have no
fatalities on my set today I just melted
it and then I'm gonna put it back
together
maybe it'll never again be as straight
as it once was but it's reattached at
least Wow look at the amount of nudie
Browns that I've bought in my lifetime I
don't know if this feels like a hoarders
episode but I do feel like a little bit
exposed all right ready for another one
this was hard at first but as I keep
going through my lipsticks I'm like I
could spare a little more look at my
surgeons rags oh my god alright what's
up next this one I brought out it's not
a solid lipstick but it's also not
really a liquid lipstick like it doesn't
dry down here's one that's double-sided
so we get to pick a bit off of both
sides pull them both out and you're just
like Darth Maul okay so this is the same
type as the one that broke earlier so
I'm gonna be careful with this I'm
trying to saw instead of like chopped I
was also thinking of putting in a bit of
this white I was messing around with it
thinking like oh maybe I'll put it in
and then the tip broke completely so
we're just gonna throw the tip right in
so this is the last one it is one of my
favorite tubes ever this is the Urban
Decay vice lipstick in oblivion I'm not
gonna decapitate too much cuz this one
is too valuable to me okay so here is my
little bowl and here is my swatch paper
I really hope that there's enough for
one lipstick in there if not we're gonna
come back and chop a little more but
let's melt it down and see what we got
alright so we're down here we've got the
mixture and we've got my little pan and
here is my little Amazon lipstick mold
okay
so first let's heat up the pan and then
I just got a scoop it out basically
sounds like chocolate chips it's melting
right away oh wow let me just get this
off with the spatula
come on you old bitches just want to get
every last bit no lip sticks died in
vain
Wow it is totally melted already it's
kind of mixing together it's doing
something
oh don't burn it I think it's maybe
already just like ready to go I think
that was all the melting that we got it
looks a lot like chocolate I will
reaffirm that I am the augustus Gloop of
lipsticks my plan is to pour this
mixture into the beaker maybe we should
have just put it in the beaker and
microwaved it to begin with put it in
the beaker and then put it straight into
a little tube let's do it alright ready
yes I get the go before it solidifies
boom goes the dynamite
water that's it and now there's like a
little bit of lipstick left everywhere
but I'm glad that we had enough for one
tube so what my friends at ritual de f√©e
taught me was that you put it in the
freezer for like 10 minutes now and then
when it gets out we'll try and put into
the tube or we'll have to remelt it and
put it into a lip balm pot because it's
not gonna fit but we'll try
okay I'm gonna pour the leftovers into
the speaker and then try and microwave
it and see if we can't put the extras
into that little lip balm tube oh that
is very Gustus gloop right there sleep
pure chocolate all right so that's our
extras that looks pretty good gonna eat
it
Nosa how this all edible
tastes like lipstick anyway else was
gonna taste like it's been 10 minutes
let's see how we're doing I'm really
hoping that this lipstick will fit into
this tube but we'll see is it fitting I
think so oh how do I take the cap off
maybe I twist it off
no I'm ruining it what you just take it
off and put it in oh oh oh I got it I
got it ready boom goes the dynamite that
was so smooth elegantly done smooth and
elegant is what you meant to say but it
fits ready
Wow how do you like the color that looks
nice
all right let's go swatch it so we have
our lipstick and our extra lipstick
right here
I'm pretty pleased with the color it's
kind of nudie brownie rosy a little bit
rosier than I expected but looks like it
could be good
I mean it's swatching I think it looks
pretty much like the mixture of all
those colors all right let's put it on
the mouth shall we it's really light
whoa weird as I keep applying it it
looks a bit better there we go we're
getting some color out of it now I don't
know if I had so many lighter news maybe
I should have gone heavier on the brown
ones in my closet okay so this is my lip
color there's a lot of different
textures going on it's quite full
coverage which I like like you can't
actually see my lip through it which is
cool it's just very light I didn't
expect it to be this light and I do have
a fair amount of lighter nudes that I
don't use very often and I think that
maybe my hand went a little bit choppier
into the ones that I don't use as often
because I was like I can use this one up
but overall I like it I think it kind of
reminds me of like a Kim Kardashian nude
color you know one of those pictures
where she's kind of like has her hair
wet for some reason it's not really the
midpoint that I was thinking of but it's
some type of midpoint so I'm gonna take
my tube of Frankenstein nude and I'm
gonna wear it around tomorrow and see
how it lasts throughout the day how the
coverage is you know just do some
check-ins and see see how this lipstick
really is so it's not exactly tomorrow
it is in fact actually a couple of days
later this is actually my childhood
bedroom I'm actually in Chicago right
now I've been like on the road the last
couple of days but I finally have an
afternoon off so I can spend some
quality time testing out the formula of
my Franken lipstick there are a lot of
different formulas that went into the
lipstick like sheer shiny creamy matte
like everything basically
so we'll see sort of what happens there
it is it still smells kind of like baby
powder I wonder if what I cooked it I
lost some of the sense of the other
lipstick I don't know if that's possible
but it kind of feels like that might
have happened
alright let's try and put it on oh uh it
goes on like pretty opaque from the
beginning it definitely feels like the
type of lipstick that would transfer
very easily but also feels like really
comfortable on your mouth let me just
fix my Cupid's bow really quick okay so
I'm gonna take my lipstick out on the
town and we'll see kind of how it lasts
and how it performs as a regular
lipstick I have a good feeling one
advantage of this lipstick being a
little bit lighter is that the butt hole
lip is almost imperceptible like it's
not the exact color of the inside of my
mouth but it's pretty hard to tell when
the waterline begins and that is ideal
all I have to name it don't I did I
named it already okay
so I've come up with three possible
names the first one is bikini bottom
because I was thinking you know things
that are nude butts my other options are
cargo shorts and coffee-mate so you guys
let me know in the comments which one
you like better bikini bottom cargo
shorts or coffee-mate as the name of
this Franken lipstick okay I also I just
noticed there's a lipstick on my cheek
chin area this thing is already
transferring even before I try and make
a transfer
so speaking of transfer I did get some
iced coffee and a clean straw so we can
see like what the damage is alright
ready
the coffee is pretty good a little
bitter but um there is definitely
transfer not as much as maybe I thought
there would be but like you know it's
gonna come off yeah well that's my mouth
I was just thinking that like once this
tube runs out I like never get to have
this color again so actually since I
like left home like seven years ago
there has since sprung up an Ulta in my
neighborhood so I'm gonna walk over to
altar right now and see if I can't find
a good dupe okay so i swatched my
lipstick which will help me in my search
so let's try and find something that
matches this
all right none of these are right that
one right on top of it looks kind of
similar but like in person it looks much
Pinker
none of those are quite right either
yeah maybe I should wipe these off and
start again all right I started over I'm
still kind of stuck in between a few
shades it's honestly hard to find a good
dupe for this maybe it's just it's own
unique child so after all my Ulta
adventures the thing that I found that
was a closest Duke was actually this
mixed lip liner which is in the color
London it's not the same formula and
it's not really exactly the same color
but
it's closed in the hunt is still on for
the due for this but this lip liner is
not too far off also how did I end up
buying more new
anyway it was time to get food so I went
to likely replace in
so I got a big turkey on the meat with
mushrooms and I'm gonna eat it and see
what happens to my little second
all right I'm crouching down a little
bit so I can get in frame you me must
pay for the back
now we shall grub
okay so as I suspected the sandwich
pretty much destroyed my lipstick
there's a little bit of lipstick left on
the top lip but not on the bottom lip
and then there's like a little bit of
lipstick residue like right on the chin
at this point I would definitely have to
reapply but like it's been a few hours
so I'm pretty impressed you know there's
a lot of things happening in that
sandwich that tastes amazing but maybe
aren't so friendly to the lipsticks this
kind of works I brought like eight lamps
into this room to like get some light in
here so the evening ended up bringing
very little so we're just kind of like
hung around and my lipstick and it's
looking pretty good overall I'd say that
I'm pretty happy with how this turned
out I like how it goes on I think it's
quite opaque and it does last like a
decent amount of time like it wasn't
like gone in two seconds does not last
through straws or food but you know I
don't know that many stick lipsticks
that do all in all I would say it was a
pretty successful bad makeup experiment
I don't think I'm gonna be doing it
again just because it did pay me to cut
the tips of those lipsticks off but I
actually do think I will continue to
wear this lip color I really actually do
like it I think it's very comfortable I
think I'm gonna have to continue to
search for this dupe cuz like in this
light it looks like not a dupe but like
when you turn your hand it kind of does
the search continues thank you guys so
much for watching if you like that video
and make sure to Shmack that like button
and if you want to see more videos like
this make sure to shamash that subscribe
button and if you've already smashed
that subscribe button make sure to also
show mash that little bell icon in the
middle to turn on post notifications so
you get a notification every time that I
post here are my social media handles
and make sure to check out my next beat
I do a lot of daily vlogging and q and
A's on there a big shout out to Tracy
for watching thanks for watching Tracy
and I will see you guys next time
