hello friends and welcome to another
video today i'm gonna be getting
perfectly fitted jeans from an app yes
that's right folks
an app is about to measure my booty this
is the future that I signed up for so
basically what I have here is a box with
a pair of smart leggings and a
corresponding iPhone app and basically
I'm gonna put these leggings on the
leggings are gonna measure my booty and
other parts with some electrodes or
something then they're gonna Bluetooth
that information to the app the app is
gonna take my measurements and search
through their database and then
recommend me a few pairs of what should
be perfectly fitted jeans I would say I
have a medium difficult time finding
jeans that fit me I feel like besides
fluctuating sizes between brands I also
fluctuate sizes on my body a decent
amount depending on the time of the
month the time of the year the time
spent editing in my cave so I'm
interested to see if this thing can just
tell me what's going on at any given
moment I'd be interested to see if this
thing started catching on where all this
booty measuring info was being stored
and how I could get access to said info
alright this is the like a glove pair of
smart leggings Hey so we've got some
instructions here and then we've got our
pair of smart leggings ok let's see
what's going on over here I think that's
the electrodes but yes so yeah don't
touch it yet I mean this thing is is the
legging of the future these little
stitches are the measuring bands I'm
pretty sure
and then this are you ready for this
this is the measuring homing device its
beeping look at that
he's a look at us baby it's recording us
right now it does look kind like the Eye
of Sauron if I hold it like this it just
keeps blinking it's a little heartbeat
never trust anything that can think for
itself
if you can't see where it keeps its
brain so Arthur Weasley quote it's what
he told Ginny and before she you know
started communicating with the Dark Lord
hello
it's a Horcrux in there ok I think we
should try this on I didn't look cool I
call it
Michelin bootie because you've kind of
got like a quilted aspect to it your
little sausage so basically you've got
the measuring bands that kind of sit on
like your upper waist upper hips lower
hips and then you know the muche I've
connected my phone to the computer so we
can screen record it I've got my app
like a glove it says to please share
your Heights so we may estimate your
jeans length I fluctuate between 5 9 and
5 10 I'm gonna go with 5 10 just because
my legs are looking proportionately
longer than the rest of my body did you
a leg pan up yes
sensual they say we want to get to know
you even better please share to your
favorite denim brands and their sizes so
we can learn your fit preference alright
so let's take a look at this selection I
don't own a lot of jeans from these
brands
I own a pair of American Eagle genes
that are size 8 that I really like so
let's go with that right I have more
Levi's before but I only remember I'm
just gonna say I know that 29 is a size
8 so I'm just gonna go with it please
share your weight and age let's guess
154 pounds and I still have a few days
left of being 24 so I'm gonna do this is
the last hurrah alright so we've got a
little bit of tutorial here looks great
I measure myself then they give me a
catalog and then I love it alright let's
try it
ahhh leggings should sit as mid-rise
jeans they say so let's you know make
sure that they're sitting yeah they're
underneath they're not covering my belly
button so okay so I have to turn on my
homing device click measure and then
stand very still my on it's flashing all
right I'm gonna put the phone down I'm
gonna click measure and then I'm gonna
be as still as possible cannot move I
look see it's doing something
oh it's got I got an error message I'm
gonna try it again yeah let's try it
again great stand very still this time
I'm gonna click measure very stop
I got the same message I kind of think
it because it's plugged in why don't we
try without it being plugged in so we've
unplugged it so we can't do the screen
recording really quick but we're going
to record on the camera so you'll be
able to see what goes on I measure it up
it's doing something might be working
did it work did it work
I think it did oh my god here we are
Here I am there are measurements
there's my bootylicious and now we've
got our recommendations so it looks like
we have a lot of five-star matches which
was supposed to be like really good fit
matches we kind of have more than a lot
I was expecting a few specific five-star
matches but it looks like we have at
least a hundred even here right at the
top of the list they're going high-rise
mid rise straight leg skinny leg flare
like they're all over the place I would
be interested in trying on like a
one-star fit just to see like what the
different qualifications are for what
they think is a perfectly fitted Jean
but I can't even find like a four-star
fit like these are all five it feels
kind of like they're going through every
brand they have and every Jean that
every brand they have has they're not
really being like this one fits your
body better okay so I'm gonna pick a few
of these five star matches right at the
top I'm gonna go for different price
points and slightly different styles but
still styles that I would like to wear
to try and figure out what this whole
five star thing means because if they're
all 5 stars then they should all be very
good yes at the very least perfectly
fitted or just molded to the booty okay
so it's been a couple of weeks I've
caught a little bit of a cold but we do
have our three pairs of perfectly fitted
jeans here so I've got my old Navy jeans
my Levi's jeans and my Lucky Brand Jeans
all right let's open these up and try
them on I'm ready my booties ready for
some new friends all right here is pair
numero
tags and all tags almonds I think they
feel sturdy and like serious can you see
the glitter boxing closes the waistband
is like a little bit tight but like not
uncomfortable but it's definitely like
I'm feeling it like it's it's not super
stretchy they feel like they could be
really comfortable after I wore them for
a while here is pair number two they
look a little tight they're very high
rise so you do get like a little bit of
this mom Jean effect in the front
these aren't uncomfortable but they are
pretty tight this is a little more light
spray painted one there are a lot of
spandex in these like I might even call
these jeggings and pair number three I
think that there's a little bit of like
awkwardness right at the bottom there
just a tiny bit loose and also a hair
short and I kind of wish they were like
one or the other there's not a lot of
like booty lifting action not that
bootylicious now I think it's funny how
long this zipper is but besides that
that is a gigantic zipper great why is
it so long so I think overall they all
fit like they don't not think me I
wouldn't say that any of them are
perfect panels are not sure what the app
means by five stars because they're all
like pretty different
besides the differences in style like
there's differences in but compass
there's differences in thigh totnes
differences in zipper length they do say
that they can cater to your style but I
also know anything
then cut that they think that would look
good on me because they know all this
stuff about my booty someone knows out
there but I want to give them another
shot and try and run a couple of tests
to see if they fit me better than my
normal jeans in like common
uncomfortable jean situations
this is the test and yes the only stairs
you could find
this is our set prettier than I thought
it would be alright let's go for it
are you ready
yeah wake up to hope this has got got
some good - spandex and good stretch
like I said earlier similar jeggings I
said earlier there's no kind like the
sturdiest fabric and feel the sturdiness
it's kind of getting pushed back again
is hip bones all things are
pretty loosey-goosey my one issue is
that when I think forward when I walk
with stairs I feel wasted in we just ate
pizza though we also just eat the second
test at the chair test
it fits my shell sense
okay
I'm over to the bath no floral situation
yeah it's a very high rise yeah even
though the mid rise does rise as I sit
down it actually doesn't stick it
the back did you
but life the crack is safely concealed
friends I'm gonna have to adjust a
little bit it is a little bit
uncomfortable okay let's get one a
muffin top what do you think you are
right now
they all did pretty well but I wouldn't
say that they were a revelation I do
still think that they are all my size
but they all have their own small issues
there weren't any glaring issues with
any of them like I could wear these
jeans and be pretty comfortable but were
they perfect No
so we're home now and as a final little
test I want to throw in a pair of fine
jeans that I wear a lot to compare with
my app recommended jeans just to see
like if there's any market difference I
mean from what I remember I think these
fit pretty well I do like these jeans a
lot they do um stretch out a little bit
and I also haven't washed them in a
couple days there's some crusty hair on
it but besides that I like them these
are size eight long from Target
Massimo brand oh I like those jeans
they're quite comfortable I have those
things too I mean I would say that the
jeans that we've tried on today do have
a little maybe more booty lifting action
but they are also a little bit tighter
and even higher rise I wouldn't say that
my normal ones are perfect but I also
would say that they've got some things
that I like better than the app
recommended to me so I think they're all
kind of good fits but I don't think any
of them are perfect okay
so those were the three app recommended
jeans I mean three amongst a very long
list of five-star recommended jeans
overall I was expecting a little more of
a recommending aspect I was kind of
expecting that with all the minut
details they have about my hindquarters
that I would learn something new about
what jeans I should be wearing maybe my
expectations were a bit high because it
didn't not work it does measure you and
then it does give you some sizes in
different brands that they think that
you are and these jeans did fit but I
don't think that any new insight was
given like I thought that the app was
gonna receive my bootie information and
then be kind of like Stacy and Clinton
from what not to wear and be like ah
you've got a pear-shaped body type so
you should be wearing this dark-wash
wide leg Jean with a mid rise from this
brand specifically and they were a
little more like we've got 300 pairs of
jeans you are a size 8 in almost all of
them check it out I do think that the
database is cool
like I do like the idea of being able to
see my different size in different
brands but in terms of recommending
perfect jeans I feel like you'd be
better off probably doing it yourself or
going into the store and like asking
someone to measure the booty or you know
just give you an eyeball test thank you
guys so much for watching if you like
that video make sure to smash that like
button and if you want to see more
videos like this make sure to smash that
subscribe button and if you've already
smashed that subscribe button make sure
to also smash that little bell icon in
the middle to turn on post notifications
so you get a notification every time
that I post here are my social media
handles and make sure to check out my
next beat I do a lot of daily vlogging
in q and A's on they're a big shout out
to Abby for watching thanks for watching
Abby and I'll see you guys a next time
