hello friends and welcome to another
video
I'm here with Candace and today we're
gonna be trying out Instagram toilet
paper lip art our girl Greta
agasi back at it again she was the one
who I think started or at least like
propagated the Instagram furry lip art
trend she struck back instructions she
struck once more with some toilet paper
this time I saw it and I thought it was
really interesting and I didn't know
what she used and then I entered caption
she's like lol I used toilet paper and I
was like what
how did was this done it's cool it kind
of looks like your lip is like shedding
some newborn skin so basically what
Greta used is liquid lipstick lip topper
like she used an iridescent lip topper
and toilet paper I brought this toilet
paper because I just want the Costco and
got literally a pallet of toilet paper
I have toilet paper don't lose right now
we're gonna try this out see if we can't
do something and then we're gonna go out
and see what people think of this trend
cool so to be honest I think last time
we had like more directions I think this
time it's a little more freeform okay so
I just I unplayed that really quick how
many a visual representation it almost
looks like she has like bare lips and
then she's got the toilet paper kind of
crinkled up on her lips and then she
kind of like puts the iridescent stuff
over it yeah I'm just gonna put a little
bit of like eyelash glue on my lips I
brought the the eyelash glue just cuz
last time like I feel like we have to
reapply the floc a lot to clarify this
is not a tutorial on how to do this I'm
just trying to figure out any way to put
toilet paper on our lips for the sake of
art we're by no means professionals okay
so far less of a risk of ingesting
eyelash glue as ingesting toilet paper
uh-huh to cover the butthole I put you
know instinctively put the toilet paper
into my waterline but it's already
dissolving mine looks like this right
now see the problem is I went in and
things are going well and then mine is
ended up being really wet I forgot a wet
mouth I don't know what to say I want to
lick my lips so bad and I can feel the
spit in my corners like being soaked up
you look wonderful
already no you're lying so Candice is
doing the approach where she did her
whole bottom lip I am going to do like
my whole toilet paper and then I'm gonna
go in
the lipstick and the lip topper after
sir might be the first time I ever like
truly failed one of these I'm seeing
failure on the horizon on the flip side
I've never worn blue lipstick before
okay okay do you have like tiny baby
scissors yes I was just using them to
cut my eyebrows
we should get tiny baby scissors oh
that's a good idea I'm gonna grab my
tiny baby scissors tiny baby sis
scissors tiny baby scissors are where
it's at not sponsored these are just
really great
this one half of a sheet of toilet paper
is actually probably gonna be enough for
me it's funny cuz you know toilet paper
is usually on the other end of your body
on a different set of whoops I just
thought that how to wait no I just
understood that I was wrong Chi I'm now
kind of almost even footing iLife blue
on top almost like paper mache it down
yeah this does feel very much so like an
art project more than the other ones
that we've tried actually this one's
more creative Liberty okay I'm gonna
take this and then I'm also gonna do
some trimming I feel like I look almost
like Santa hopefully once you put the
iridescent stuff on top it'll look more
like great I don't feel like that's
what's gonna happen but I think we're
gonna have a hard time talking to people
because I mean I know moving my mouth
same all right so I'm finally I think
ready for the liquid lipstick I don't
know what I'm doing I'm just gonna like
lightly dusting this liquid lipstick
going that's basically what I did I just
dabbed it on your iridescent thing is
pretty light and mine's kind of like a
little bit darker so I'm gonna try and
do more of my iridescent stuff it does
look like I got like surgery on my lips
and I put bandages just on my lips I'm
just like maybe I can cover it up with
lipstick I think I'm probably have to do
some trimming after I'm done with this
stuff I like the shimmer stuff is kind
of working I am into the shimmer oh sure
it's fun I'm just going for it
you know I can't smile all the way cuz
the glue is dry
you can't I am feeling like a little
less stress
you know I'm arts and crafting right now
there is something that's kind of fun
about it like it's almost calming to
just be painting anything I'm just
painting a bookshelf mm-hmm just kidding
it's toilet paper on my mouth this is my
finished look there is something about
it that almost looks like clumping like
they do look a little more voluminous I
almost feel like my lips look like a
geode yours is pretty cool and graphic
when I get up close it's so hard to like
get clean edges on this god how does it
work
Gretta how do you do it help us
something about that glitter iridescent
stuff like really just makes it all okay
if we were going for toilet paper lip
art we did something with toilet paper
on our lips so we're gonna go out and
ask some people what they think of this
maybe try need a hot dog and see if
Tyler will kiss me are you trying to
smile I'm trying to smile yeah I kind of
did a half smile let's go I think they
look cool you ain't gave me a kiss no
I'm sorry I kissed you yeah and me he's
hoping and praying it all come on I
think something that we haven't really
talked about with this lip art trend is
the question that we usually ask which
is is this a trend we almost have to
like talk about like what what
constitutes a trend for a lot of these
things that are written about like this
is the new makeup trend like the number
of people doing it to think P's written
about it ratio is very low
they are shimmery they're nice they are
getting drier and getting a little hard
but it's fun and I feel like my artistic
miss went up a little bit I feel like
I'm very mermaid and you're very
galaxy-eyes alright we're here we got a
couple hours of daylight left we're
gonna see if anyone's willing to come
close enough to really heck you this is
a good tactile one to touch it does it
feels very strange I kind of put you on
blast at the very bright lip color I
didn't even really notice until right
hey everyone I'm here we're gonna post
up and try and talk to people and then
get some treats okay we're here with
Jessica and Katie this is on a Instagram
lip art trend called toilet paper lips
yes so this trickster is actually toilet
paper it's unique and look like you're
struggling
would you ever try this for Hollow
like I can do that but they would like
start conversation like on the first day
of college just like oh I've been there
I use toilet paper
it's like crispy oh so do you guys think
that this is a could be a trend do you
think this could catch on what people
start doing it
take your via trend if somebody found a
way to people might like this I mean
no no no one's liking these so far I
wonder if it's because they're kind of
slowly coming off I think in terms of
Instagram live trends
this one is aesthetically my favorite
but I also think that we have made
people the most uncomfortable with them
I think that one do you say the word
toilet paper people are like oh yeah I
don't think I want that maybe we should
not say what it is yeah we should ask
like one person and not tell them that
it's oil paper and see if they think
it's better
okay the rear was saline and Mel what do
you guys think of our lip art you can
take a gander at mine at hers what do
you guys think okay that's close you
know guys maybe try something like this
do you like it
so he's made out of toilet paper
does that change your opinion on it at
all
oh it's the same maybe people just think
the same
no matter what are you still okay with
it or do you think it's worse now
okay nobody likes it
everyone seems way more weirded out
about this and I thought that they would
be I think it's because it looks like
our lips are kind of yeah just from the
way it's feeling I'm pretty sure it's
going to come off when we start to eat
so ty the moment of truth
what peel it off I know it's good
actually disguise the kiss with it
just try and cripple it you're now I
won't do that that's right ready Oh came
back for a second not because I wanted
to I'm trying to test it out okay yeah
it's really horrible
sorry I couldn't really reciprocate and
even have a kissing action for this
hargeon with my mouth so I was just kind
of like it sprinkling yeah was it a
great kiss anything I would even prefer
the furry lips to that but it feels like
crinkled hard toilet paper I put my lips
against three times
we got like noodles unit and general
stuff it's definitely not as tip-top
shape as it was to be gay it's kind of
self peeling I think that we just got to
take a good bite and see the damage and
then I think we should just peel it off
when I open my mouth to eat that I felt
it cracking
I think it's failing every test except
for how fun it is to put on this is a
big bite as we eat the toilet paper
becomes wetter and so then it starts
kind of not peeling off for just a
disintegrating slogan oh that's a good
peel edge it's like a snakeskin it is
the top yeah it's like she's molting
boom the eyelash glue really helps so
much glue oh I can't wait to get this
off oh you really take that on whoa Hey
look I got I ate a smurf you're such
dirty minds like saucy it's pretty big
right you can smile again
I can talk yeah okay so
that was that it feels
it was very satisfying to peel off
honestly could be worth it just to like
peel it off maybe the next trend is
peeling this stuff off I mean it's all
over vide lineman yes if there's a
little slime element to it for fun this
gets a 10 out of 10 outside opinions and
tests it gets like kind of a zero yeah
but like I had a good time I thought it
was done but I also have a fanny pack on
shall we say I don't necessarily think
it's every day trade but
mark my word there will be peel porn
like videos coming out thank you guys so
much for watching if you like that video
make sure to smash that like button and
if you want to see more videos like this
make sure to smash that subscribe button
you've already subscribed make sure to
smash that like on the middle did you
learn post notifications so you got a
notification every time that I post here
are Candice's social media handles and
Candice's channel make sure to check out
her channel she posts some videos once a
week about you know teaching you some
stuff a lot of food a lot of comparing
here are my social media handles and
make sure to check out my next feet I do
a lot of daily vlogging and Q&A is on
there a big shout out to Ella for
watching thanks for watching Ella keep
on clogging clogged in with ella ella
yeah clog yeah I'll see you guys a next
time
