hello friends and welcome to another
video today I'm going to have my outfit
chosen by strangers so I was thinking a
little bit about how I shop for myself
and how I choose outfits I think that I
always do it in the context of what I
usually like to wear and I also don't
really buy like full new outfits of
clothes very often I feel like I usually
shop like item to item so I thought it
would be fun to go to the mall meet some
new people and have them pick out a
whole outfit for me without the
constraints that I usually put on myself
when I shop I'm pretty intrigued to see
what people choose like who knows if
I'll come out with this with any items I
can actually wear so I think I'm gonna
do it like item at a time so we can get
like a few different people's
perspectives a top a bottom some type of
accessory jackets something like that a
shoe or footwear of some kind and then
maybe like face wear an eyeliner or like
a lip color or something to kind of pull
it all together alright I'm ready
Tyler are you ready yeah let's go to the
mall today okay we're on our way to the
mall right now I don't know who we're
gonna talk to you today but I hope that
people want to talk to me so I'm gonna
try really hard to not insert any of my
own opinions into the mix I am gonna try
and have like some type of loose price
constraint and I'm just gonna lawyer
outside of some reasonably priced stores
and then just be like hey want to close
with me I'm curious also to see how
doing it like one item at a time will
affect their decision making will they
try and like build the outfit will they
try and misdirect to the last item that
was chosen and like pull it in different
directions I don't know okay so I tried
to wear like a pretty nondescript outfit
just so like people wouldn't be like too
steered by what
currently wearing I'm going to start off
with a shirt and then we're going to go
from the church the first item will like
hit the moon for the rest of the outfit
so the first people I met were Mariah
and Leo they are my first subject
they're gonna pick me
but we were standing like nearby to hot
topic and they literally beeline
straight for this easy shirt oh wow
that's a good choice I like that beauty
prison they were just like Evy shirt yes
perfect this is what we want is this the
choice leo you think you guys are in
agreement this is our sure you guys are
very quite getting such a mission Wow I
like Evy there's nothing not to like
about Eva Eva's got a lot of cool
evolutions can go in a lot of different
ways it actually fits quite well I think
it looks pretty cute number one fabulous
team I have no words like it's amazing I
love hot topic I feel like I usually buy
like pop figurines or like keychain type
stuff from there but you know I'm down
for an Eevee shirt
item number one down good job you guys
Thank You Mariah I think you will shirts
me thank you guys
and they really knew what they want so
now everyone else has to kind of like
choose around it so it'll be interesting
how where I am
sheeps
okay
we're going to forever 21
you want to wait or whatever you think
live any type of botany way you can go
the embarrassing route you can go the
trendy style statement around
we did a decent amount of searching her
on forever 21 before we found the pair
of pants that she liked badly oh I think
Liz saw that the shirt was pretty bold
and kind of went for something that was
more muted and wearable for me
yeah always bugger okay awesome
let me try these on really quick another
matter no see
the dressing rooms right there perfect
picnic cash
they are I'm glad you like them I like
them do they're pretty fun what do think
list we maybe put a few more holes in
those just like it was a split second
where she thought about putting me in
like pale pink athletic shorts yeah it
turns it didn't like a workout but
mercifully she did not I think that this
is a good one to set up the jacket right
the jacket and then maybe so while we
were at forever 21 once we've gotten the
jeans we met Rebecca Rebecca is gonna
pick out a jacket some type of like
layering top to fit over my tank top
honestly whatever you feel I think
Rebecca kind of took a look at the shirt
and the pants and was like Tim why not
just go all out I do recently
okay go okay so we're gonna go find some
bigger bone room jackets over there
anything yeah she immediately was like
oh I remember seeing some wild jackets
near the front so we went and found
they're like very specific wild jacket
that she had remembered while she had
already walked through the store to this
hostel for us which was this purple kind
of sheer jacket that says roll with me
on the front and back oh I like that and
then on the back once again roll with me
roller skating would you wear this type
of thing Rebecca I know we'll color by
this name and you can zip it up and
still see the Eevee slowly back why did
I sign up for this this is the one you
want to go with Rebecca all right dreams
jackets
 bucket nailed it I think I can't
see anything gonna go like that there we
go even though it's easier I actually
can't see Becca by you so colorful right
now you like now it's
the jackets really something but they're
really you know like took this outfit in
in different directions
like improv exercises like where
everyone has to tell a story like one
word at a time
and at the end it's still a story so
next were Lisa and Isabel who I tasked
with finding me a pair of shoes
at first ELISA said that she wanted to
go with sneakers
jelly's though we spend a little bit of
time kind of searching around for some
jelly sandals we walked into Zara and we
almost bought a pair of like blue kind
of plastic like slides with pearls on
them that I mean we said gently but then
when you look at those but they did not
have any in my size or even close so you
found a home here juice out there's a
big public side
so we're gonna try again we're gonna go
to each to see what we were also joined
by their other two sisters who helped in
the hunt so we're just shopping now I'm
having a good time
there's a wide array of shoes okay so
something is gonna stick we found these
silver platform loafers at H&M maybe I
wanted to go big slightly larger one
because I'm down oh yeah there are nine
and a half just like clockwork we found
out we didn't find the jollies but these
are a step up Wow for me what do you
think this is a group decision I think
that we have to go with it's off it
takes a village all in here jelly she
wasn't she at that point I had like a
pretty complete outfit which was made up
of a lot of like bold items but weirdly
wasn't that weird altogether how I feel
about this whole thing is I feel like
each
is a great purchase for later on and
then
today is just the the cherry on top live
it all which is that I get to wear them
all together at once
once again you're in pastel Sofia how
does keep happening but I was wearing
like a dark brown lipstick which was no
longer really working with the aesthetic
that was going on I'm thinking that like
the finishing touch should be like a
different lip color I don't know if you
will be the finisher but I'm excited all
right so I'm here with Jessica she's
gonna pick out a lip color for me and
kind of just finish off his outfit what
do you think of my outfit right now
Jessica took one look at the outfit that
I had on and was immediately like
unicorn so she had a really clear vision
of what she wanted we think maybe a
purple ooh
I might own this more purple I feel you
kind of like almost like but to match
the jacket but like I've got some like
purple pink tones happening
I think Jessica's choice was both easy
and hard I think she had all of the
elements together already so she could
kind of like see what was going on and
go with it
but she also had to kind of like find
the thing that would bring it all
together so it was like a decently
high-stakes choice so we did a little
bit of swatching a little bit of
perusing but finally we found the
perfect metallic purple lipstick yeah
yeah let me see if I can find like a
good fresh spot to swatch it like that
Jessica likes it alright I think we're
gonna go with it when they get these off
my hand and get this off my face Jessica
do you wear purple metallic lipstick
often
oh yeah I'm into it what do you think
whole unicorn just good like dubiously
she's like yes
Jessica's had a vision came in killed it
thank you and here now is my outfit it's
a lie I feel like I'm wearing a full
outfit that is pretty during different
from what I walked in wearing today so
this is the first full-length mirror
we've encountered so this is my first
look I think Jessica did a great job
tying it together with this lip color
I think everyone did a great job you
think that cracks me up is
I would say in general everything's
pretty like out there except for the
pants which are more like muted but I
actually think that they all work
together kind of because of the pants
I'm gonna be honest it's not I think it
kind of came together in a way I think
that besides the pants none of these
things are things that I would have
chosen for myself but all together they
were pretty fun and also individually I
really liked them too color wise it's
pretty consistent
I think that's somewhat controlled by
what's in the stores right now are these
kind of like unicorn Frappuccino like
pastel colors and I also think it kind
of shows like what's on people's minds
at the moment and I think that Jessica
like took one look at what I was wearing
was just like oh I know what that is
unicorn I think overall I was just
surprised by how decisive people were
when choosing an outfit for someone else
I'm not sure if that was just people
trying to sort of like get it over with
if they were just tired of shopping with
me or it could be as I think it is that
we are just like less self-conscious
when shopping for other people's steps
were just like oh I like that that's
cool you wear it which was kind of a
relief for me it was very stress free I
was like okay and I came away with a fun
outfit well a few fun items together
that make some kind of outfit thank you
guys so much for watching and also a
thank you to everyone who helped me
solve this outfit you guys Rock thank
you for putting up with me if you're
watching this video I also want to give
a shout out to jennxpenn
or Jenn McAllister she has a really cool
series that she does where she has like
postmates surprise her with different
items I think it's a super cool series
and it was definitely one of the
inspirations for this video so go check
that out I linked it in the description
below if you liked that video make sure
to smash that like button and if you
want to see more videos like this make
sure to smash that subscribe button
you've already smashed a subscribe
button make sure to smash that little
bell icon in the middle to turn on post
notifications so you get a notification
every time that I post here on my social
media handles and make sure to check out
my next feed I do a lot of daily
vlogging and q and A's on there a big
shout out to Ronnie for watching thanks
for watching Ronnie and a couple of
things before we go first of all thank
you guys so so much for 2 million
subscribers means a lot to me that you
guys are here thank you for smashing
that button I also said that I would
announce the winner of the clear pants
which is Jakaya Jenkins Jakaya wrote
poem about the clear pants and honestly
who knew that the clear pants would ever
gain such an honor
so Jakaya I think I all message you on
YouTube and and you know I'll send the
clear pants your way thank you guys
again so much for being here and I will
see you next time
