hello friends and welcome to another
video today I'm going to be attempting
to wear the 9 foot long extended jeans
so in our questionable fashion series
we've taken on a few pairs of strange
pants before including the clear knee
mom jeans and the completely clear jeans
and we've also encountered some
oversized denim before with the 4-foot
long sleeved Slenderman jacket and I do
think that over the past year or so
people have been doing a lot of weird
stuff with denim so a few weeks ago an
image started circulating around Twitter
of these extendo pants made by this
company bronzed 56k now they seem to be
like a skateboard apparel company whose
normal price point is pretty mid ranged
but for some reason they decided to make
seemingly unsellable 9 foot long legs
$500 G's and per usual the internet was
mad
behold 2.6 meter long extended jeans are
here to ruin your life you'd have to be
a giant or a crime-fighting cartoon to
fit into this fashion monstrosity these
9 foot long jeans are ridiculous
impractical and sold out but thankfully
we were lucky enough to snag a pair if
lucky is the right word I have not yet
really taken these out of the package
because I wanted to save it for now but
the amount that is spiraled is like very
concerning it's really just a dense log
of denim this is like the Yule Log
except jeans alright ready ty should we
get another camera I feel like we need
another camera cuz it's about to go like
off the table oh my word where do they
end where do they begin I'm honestly
like actually speechless gobsmacked
dumbfounded just absolutely aghast it's
a pair of jeans that you like the water
you'd actually survive this is an anchor
for sure you could anchor a small boat
with these I think yeah unless I like
large octopus or squid came by and tried
to mate with it which is also possible
way I mean the thing that's sort of
concerning to me is that like I don't
think we can get like a good shot of all
of it in frame right now unless I just
like to bunch it up like this and I'm
like here are my pants
this pile so why don't we put these
things on and see how they look on a
body so to actually put them on I wanted
to go to a different room with some more
space to spread out my anaconda don't
want none unless your legs are 9 feet
long hun I was a little nervous that I
might not fit into them waist wise
because these pants only came in one
size Oh it'll be fine I'll be fine
actually a physical room to spare nice
but once I was in I had to face the
daddy longlegs my feet are just like
dragging like a long veil almost like a
denim bride you obviously couldn't walk
outside with these on because the you
would just trail them around or really
anything yeah elevator alligator it
seems from the looks of it the jeans get
their length enos from being three pant
legs sewn together and my feet fall like
right where the first pair of pants end
like here's one pair of pants and then
there's just more but though it was
pretty unwieldy overall there is
definitely something fun about being
able to like whip your pant leg around
like so you could probably do some like
fun like rhythmic gymnastics almost you
know mean like put ribbons in your hands
and then be like oh it's okay I hit them
all time and besides long distance
slapping you can also sort of lasso
objects and then fling them across the
room I just hit myself oh that was
pretty good after a little
experimentation it felt like it was time
to venture outside but to do so we
obviously had to face the issue of the
jeans just dragging on the ground
though bronze 56k had posted a few
photos to show how one might
this like in this Instagram where they
scrunch up the jeans accordion-style so
that your feet stick out the bottom this
look may be more functional but it
retains none of the grandeur of the 9
foot long legs and the posting of this
photo kind of reminds me of how with the
4 foot long sleeved denim jacket the
company selling it changed their
marketing photo to one with the sleeves
folded over which completely concealed
just how long the sleeves were after
they got some criticism about the
ridiculousness of the item in terms of
the actual logistics of the scrunching
they are definitely a little bit
skinnier than I thought they would be
when I wore them yeah I can't really get
a lot going on above the knee even
though like the waist is actually kind
of loose at this point yeah my thigh
they're just so juicy that I can't
scrunch them up I think one way you
could put is that these pants were not
ready for the jelly as the pants stood
they kind of looked like a lumpy pair of
flare jeans from the waist to the knee
it's kind of like a 90s like dad Jean
and then from the knee to the floor
it's like Michelin Man but even though
that might not have been the desired
look it was really all we could do so I
grabbed a pair of chunky shoes and we
headed out and about now my initial
concern was that the pants would unwind
and fall below the shoes and I would get
caught in stuff but my sneakers actually
did a pretty good job of plugging the
denim up and after a few minutes it
became clear that the actual obstacle of
wearing these pants was just how bulky
they were
and ankle weights are you getting a
workout out of this oh yeah it was also
very warm outside it's so hot which
didn't really help the ankle insulation
situation it's gonna be kind of like one
of those things you know where like
celebrities want to lose weight they
just wrap themselves in saran wrap oh
yeah yeah that's gonna be my juices so
though the pants weren't dragging on the
ground they were kind of difficult to
wear and although we had the rough
estimation that the pants are 9 feet
long I wanted to know exactly how much
the pants way and also how much surface
area of denim the pants have you look at
you're running in slow motion kinda so
after busting out the scale and weighing
them these pants weigh in at about 3 and
a half times what my normal pair of
jeans way Oh yep and she's spent are you
photosynthesizing right now and also
have about three times the square inches
of denim which kind of makes sense but
at this point most of that was
concentrated around my calves have you
ever wanted to recreate the feeling of
an ankle monitor bow denim these are the
Martha Stewart denim pants oh my god
she's not in house arrest anymore
she's overtime now as I mentioned before
bronze 56k is a skateboarding apparel
company Oh guys I found my board so even
though running and walking in these
pants wasn't the easiest I wanted to see
if perhaps they were ideal for boarding
like maybe adding weight to the bottom
of my legs would lower my center of
balance now it doesn't help this
experiment that I'm terrible at
skateboarding but I don't think I was
any better because of the pants the
Train is slowly taking me away farewell
cool my other thought was that maybe the
bunching of the fabric would provide
more cushion to your legs if you were to
fall
oh no I fallen off of my skateboard
actually my knees not that padded my
shins are padded yeah but you don't land
on your shins this is like the worst
crash dummy test ever so after having
the pants rolled up for a while I wanted
to see what else we could do with them
roll down and my first instinct was to
get me a pair of stilts so we got these
like dangerous stilts which are kind of
like the stilts that I used once before
in like a future performance but
unfortunately the pant legs were just
too skinny for the foot bed of the
stilts to fit through it looks like you
can get through to about the mid thigh
and then it stops which was kind of
disappointing because I had hoped to
become a slender man especially with the
addition of my long-sleeved denim jacket
so I decided to table the stilts for now
to see if there were any other skinnier
stilts we could get to try and attempt
this transformation again later in the
video so with my Slenderman dreams at
least momentarily shelved the question
of why these pants exist seemed more
pertinent than ever because if you can't
wear a nine-foot pair of pants with a
standard pair of stilts why make them at
all now my initial thought when I first
saw these pants is that they're kind of
like inverse jet
jeans just long instead of wide and the
extendo pants scrunched up even sort of
resemble the slouch eNOS of Genco jeans
a little bit which back in their day
sort of took the baggy 90s Keter pants
look to the extreme a second possibility
for why the pants might be so long is as
we mentioned in our Y project denim
jacket video exaggerated silhouettes in
fashion have historically connoted
wealth and high social status as seen
with giant fingernails in China through
the 19th century as well as large
unwieldy pannier dresses in 18th century
France
so I guess following that logic these
jeans would be made to show just how
much denim you can get but I think
another obvious possibility is press as
I said before over the last year and a
half or so a lot of clothing companies
have come out with weird or ugly items
and though it's not clear if at first it
was intentional at this point a lot of
people know that if they make a crazy
clothing item they will get a lot of
press or in some cases a video about it
kind of like these ones and I think if I
had to guess
bronze 56k is kind of playing off of
that especially since the product
description on their website is just
what you'll buy it one additional thing
to note is that at the time of filming
this pretty much everything on their
website is sold out I can't totally
confirm this but I kind of feel like
they're combining the ugly item strategy
with part of the supreme strategy aka
making only a few items that will sell
out quickly to increase hype the
pinnacle of which was seen with the
supreme brick which is literally just a
brick with the word supreme on it
that they sold in 2016 but regardless if
any of these possibilities are actually
why these pants were created we still
wanted to find some real-life use for
them so we set out to find somewhere
where we could let the jeans unfurl in
all their glory
oh yeah now the first place I thought I
might be able to dangle off of was the
site of the Pierre from the rules that
are outlined it does not seem like what
we want to do is against them are there
any authority figures around there's a
lifeguard over there is he vigilant but
after deciding it was worth the risk
I left my gene flag fly you're like a
bizarre art experiment but though the
genes got some good air while hanging
off the side of the pier I wanted to try
a second location which was a slightly
lower ledge to unlock what we believed
might be some untapped potential in the
pant these are my noodles they look
pretty damn good right now first off we
wanted to send something up to me via
the legs we refer to it as a pulley
system but I think it's actually more of
like an elephant's trunk
what will you send me I'm gonna send you
your phone good I need that we had also
brought our own bucket for lifting
purposes a treasure has been tied into
my whip
give me another treasure Beckham and
more tributes I made Tyler attempt a few
items this pleasure is slightly smaller
more delicate so I could perfect my
Rapunzel technique so with our first
utility extracted from the pants we
wanted to see if we could use the jeans
in a real Flynn Rider situation
don't break the Bitterroot grab both
grab both can you repel upwards hi denim
strong alright maybe we shouldn't maybe
we're done so maybe these things can't
support an entire human but they can
carrying a small basket and besides
their usefulness the pants unscratched
are much more majestic I think when
unfurled I like them when all bunched up
they're just living a lie I completely
agree when they're unfurled like so it's
like how can you not somewhat enjoy this
so I wanted to see if there was a way to
walk in the pants without dragging them
on the ground while also displaying
their full length so we looked to an old
friend for some help the T bugs oh my
god so we took our open-toed tugs and
spools the legs through them so we had a
sole protecting the pants and an opening
wide enough for the jeans to flow
through almost like a denim carabiner
I'm cross-country denim big thing it's
like who knew that the TV uggs could be
so useful yeah so I sort of ended up
with like thick marionette strings
attached to my feet or kind of like
horse reins for myself I'm steering
myself
right right
though at rest the extra fabric almost
gave me like a tail or a pet to sit next
to I feel like this is like little snake
yeah Eenie
though once I stopped moving I really
got a whiff of myself I smelled so bad
you don't smell great I've been sweating
all day and I was it's sweat and
seawater so it felt like about the right
time to retire for the day although we
didn't want to fully close the chapter
without trying the stilts one more time
we were actually able to find circus peg
stilts that we had to further sawed down
to try to get through the pant leg but
once again we were forted by the
skinniness of the jeans because even if
the stilts could fit through my foot
flexed could not so I couldn't stand on
the stilts but I could sit uncomfortably
in this chair so I took my long sleeves
denim jacket and the pants back to our
ledge to achieve my slightly deflated
slender soft dreams ideally I would have
been doing this on the stilts but I
guess we're just sort of going for the
seated slender soft today though it was
fun to have four floppy denim appendages
so it wasn't a total loss so overall I
would say that these extendo jeans are
definitely kind of fun especially if you
have the space to spread out and whip
your tentacles around but in terms of
actually being able to wear them it's a
bit more difficult it is possible to
wear them scrunched up and we did come
up with a secondary method of spooling
them through sandals but I think it's
pretty weak that you can't wear them
with stilts not that a lot of people
necessarily have or where stilts a lot
but if you're selling giant pants that
you can't even wear in like the one
situation that I can think of where you
would need giant pants it's a little bit
of a proverbial middle finger to the
consumer especially at that price point
and of my long denim items I do think I
prefer the UI project jacket just
because it's easier to wear and though
the extendo pants do make quite the
visual impact when fully under
I think I'm gonna have a hard time
finding opportunities to bust them out
but maybe we could use them in our house
as like a pulley system to transfer
small items in between floors maybe not
the best use for $500 jeans but
definitely a use for $500 jeans thank
you guys so much for watching if you
liked that video make sure to chew mash
that like button and if you want to see
more videos like this make sure to smash
that subscribe button a big shout out to
Triveni for watching thanks for watching
Triveni and I will see you guys next
time
