hello friends and welcome to another
video this week I'm gonna be getting my
makeup collection professionally
organized yes I need help and I'm
getting help so as you guys may know I'm
a bit of a lipstick hoarder and though I
feel like I have a pretty reasonable
amount of other types of makeup at least
for someone who makes a lot of beauty
related videos the total amount of
cosmetic items that I currently have is
definitely in the fiendish range and as
my collection has grown exponentially
since I started making videos it's
unfortunately never really been
organized in any kind of useful or
productive way but then recently I
started seeing a trend of some other
youtubers decluttering their makeup
collections and also a few videos of
youtubers getting help from
professionals to organize their living
spaces so I thought why not kill two
birds with one stone and finally do
something about my makeup storage
situation while also filming the whole
process for some good organization porn
don't worry there won't be any nudity
but you may see a whole lot of nude
lipsticks so a big shout-out to Tati
series on cleaning out her beauty room
and Gabi Hanna's hoarding room video for
being the inspiration behind this
project and I'm gonna link their videos
down below as well as a few other
decluttering videos I've watched so as
for finding a professional organizer to
help us I feel like there are a few
different routes that you can go there
are some that help with like serious
decluttering if you need to throw away a
lot of things which is sort of like that
does this thing bring you joy if not
chuckit philosophy of organizing there
are also some that help you organize not
just material things like bills and
taxes and mail but for my purposes I
wanted to find a professional organizer
that focuses more on the room design and
decor elem
it's like getting the right drawers and
cabinets to help build an organizational
system so we found this company called
practically perfect who seemed like
pretty seasoned professional organizers
and from what I can tell from their
Instagram are also really into drawer
inserts cabinets closets and some good
old storage porn so we hired them to
come over and help me achieve my
organization dreams if any over 21
viewers are doing a drinking game to
this video
take the word organization off your list
I don't know why you'd be doing that but
just in case so I am here with Joanie
and kit from practically perfect who
have agreed to help me organize the
space there so before we dive right into
the organizing let me bring you guys up
to speed on my current digs so right now
all of my makeup is in this one room
that we recently emptied out it used to
be our editing room as well so I guess
because of the lack of space it was kind
of like a makeup slash computer room and
I would just sort of dig around for my
makeup and then do it at my editing desk
so now that we've moved our computers
out this room is sort of like a me and
so I thought it would be cool to besides
just like organize the makeup which like
definitely need some help
like maybe turn this into more of like a
makeup room like a beauty room yeah so
up until this point I had been using two
main structures to hold my makeup one of
which was this shelving unit in the
closet all of these plastic bins have
lipsticks liquid lipsticks or lip
glosses and then there's some
foundations over there in a box by
themselves down here I'm not sure what
that is it looks like highlighters that
looks like makeup we've used in a video
perhaps those look like cotton pads to
me there's a pool noodle I don't know
why that's there I feel like this whole
structure is actually not horribly
organized for storage purposes like most
things are bucketed by category but
because it's just in bins I never really
get to see all of my options that's this
thing and I show you that thing exactly
it's the other structure that we have is
this white set of drawers in the corner
which has most of the rest of my makeup
organized roughly by category and area
of face this is IKEA and I like how this
is storing but I
you guys just know this is IQ and though
it requires a little less digging than
the bins it's still not winning any
efficiency awards and requires some
degree of excavation and I think that's
the biggest problem with the current
system that I'm not able to use all of
my makeup to its full potential I feel
like right now I'm using the makeup that
is closest and I think if I were exposed
to more of my makeup consistently I
would use more of it I don't want to
like eliminate a lot of my makeup though
I think that probably summer that could
go but I think that I would love to be
able to like find more of it better yeah
and just have it all be like a little
cuter besides that my wish list for the
room is a surface somewhere to actually
do my makeup right now it's just
happening where I just like take an
armful of makeup and like take it into
the current edit room to do my makeup
okay and also a spot where I can set up
a camera and film me doing my makeup
like vlog style since I currently do
that while standing at my white set of
drawers so based on my wish list and the
problems that Joanie and kit observed we
decided to pull all of the makeup out of
the closet our philosophy is always that
things should be visible and accessible
neither of those things are the case for
you right now so what we would very much
like is for you to be able to find the
lipstick that you need in a quick easy
way with the plan to build a vanity out
of drawers where I could sit do my
makeup and mayhap film a little bit
we're gonna need a lot of drawers now
you're gonna need just the right amount
of drawers for makeup what would be good
for you because I know that you have
products coming in all the time is we're
gonna use a lot of drawers but hopefully
we're gonna leave some open space in
each of those areas so that as more
product is coming in you'll have space
to put it where it needs to go so for
this project we set aside two days with
the team from practically perfect and to
prepare we went to Ikea to grab some
drawers and a desktop IKEA scandal and I
liked caught
at first the plan was to match the
original White Tower but that product
was unavailable so we decided to go with
the sword a similar Alex drawer style
everything the fluorescent light touches
the mutton is a drawer it could be hold
in your lipsticks Joanie and kit also
grabbed some drawer inserts from The
Container Store which i think is where
the drawer porn comes into play not to
be confused with porn drawer that's a
different thing alright so we are here
for day one of makeup collection
organizing so we have some IKEA stuff to
build and some makeup to I think just
like sort of sort at it yeah I was you
can't I don't know why I'm just like
throw on the ground and look at all so
we have Ashton here from Joanie and kits
team and since you guys the
professionals where should we begin
well we always start off with pulling
everything out sorting organizing we're
gonna help you organized by type by
color and kit was not kidding because
they don't write in and started dumping
boxes out onto the carpet oh my word
alright it's happening I'd like that
Michael Scott gift it's happening it's
happening alright so we've emptied most
of the lipsticks out this is like public
99% of them how are we going to do this
while doing right now I think what we're
gonna start doing cuz it's the easiest
to start us by storing my brand cuz them
the bottles look the same they have the
same shape in addition to organizing
them by brand we also organize them by
type ie lipstick liquid lipstick and lip
gloss right what are you working on
whether I had a pile of Kylie somewhere
I don't know what happened to that
Kylie's just hiding she is hiding she's
pregnant again she's in hiding looking
at all the lipsticks laid out it was
interesting to see which brands I was
more of a completionist for do you like
how I have every color pop shade that is
like a grazie nude this is a little
troubling that's the same color it's not
they're different and also which brands
had been a completionist on my behalf
I think it impressively black blue
cosmetics
the interesting thing is I bought a lot
of blacking cosmetics on my own and then
like sometime late last year or early
this year they sent me like a massive PR
package and I was just like black moon
lipsticks notwithstanding nowadays when
we get PR packages I'll keep a few items
that I like and then give the rest to
our team or donate them but even then I
will say that it slowly piles up and
contributes to the scaling of the
collection alright I just realized I
didn't bring this box out the other
major contributing factor to the clutter
has been makeup that we bought
specifically for videos this box for
example not only had some Pokemon makeup
and some Kylie Valentine's Day makeup
but also a few bags of loose carmine
inato and iron oxide that we used in our
history of lipsticks video those are
just pigments don't worry about those I
will take those away
so I tried to centralize all of the
boxes of makeup props from videos that I
knew were littered around the house I
have some wish makeup some Japanese
drugstore makeup and some miscellaneous
I'm so proud of myself I brought more
work though it was kind of fun whipping
out some products from our older videos
alright so these are my bite lip lop
custom lip sticks this is dothraki
screamer oh that is dense and then this
one is mrs. Norris still smelling as
delicious as ever so after some work we
had finally gotten all the lip products
sorted out by brand and though my
original thought had been to sort them
into drawers by color keeping them
organized by brand made the most sense
because of the uniformity of the tubes
but I still wanted to address the
concern of easily identifying the color
of each lipstick especially for the
brands that don't already mark it on the
outside so I wonder if there's a way
that we can maybe even like put stickers
or something on the bottom to like
indicate what kind of color it is
because I think that my biggest barrier
in using them is number one not being
able to like see and find them yeah but
also number two like when I look at like
all of the bite lip tubes and I'm like I
don't know what color these are then I'm
just like nevermind
so kit a shirred me that we would be
able to do something to account for that
obstacle and with that we were ready to
move on
- the putting away step so we're gonna
bring some of the IKEA furniture in to
start like putting the lipsticks away
into also this is Kaylee also part of
Joanie and kits team-high in trowing her
so no one's confused when another pair
of hands appear now we had gotten these
specific lipstick holding inserts from
the Container Store so that we could
arrange the lipstick standing up like so
sliding into your DMS like so our main
goal for this step was getting the
lipsticks off of the ground and into the
slots primarily so we could see how many
inserts we would need overall and how
many drawers the lipsticks would take up
that's nice but the plan that the
following day would be more focused on
playing drawer Tetris to see which
products we would want where it's like a
really really satisfying game of Connect
four and though it was satisfying to see
all the lipsticks standing erect like
little soldiers it was also a little
alarming to see how many drawers were
actually being filled up with lipstick
it's an existential state of being
confronted with my hoarding miss I'm
fine
emotionally financially unclear after
the traditional lipstick we moved on to
laying down liquid lipsticks into flat
drawer dividers which went a bit faster
so I would say we had to mega
collections to topple one of which was
color pop it was always going to come to
this was intense but I have already
caught many of them and paid dearly for
it and the other one of which was NYX
which came in all different shapes and
sizes there's a bigger one here's a
medium sized and then here's a bigger
one you get a NYX and you'll get a NYX
what is that the other of the Oprah gift
she's like and with those hurdles left
we wrapped up the parade of the liquid
lipsticks and filled up all the drawers
in the first Tower one tower a chick so
we turned our attention now to the
second of the two towers I guess
narrative Lee this must be sarang's
tower of which we filled the top three
drawers with the remaining lip products
so that's the lips citric rattle X so
our next step was to do the same process
with the other categories
aka dump and lump okay so we've got some
more
Hubbs out here and what we want to do
next is go through them and kind of see
what categories we have as Ashton began
doing that I started to take on some of
the clutter that was bulking up the bins
like old packaging or empty and expiring
products should I get like a trash can
in here I feel like at this time now my
life philosophy is that lipstick never
expires whether or not the FDA agrees
but I will concede that some items of
makeup like concealer foundations skin
care and some eye products like mascara
may have to be chucked after a certain
point that's probably from 2013 should
we get rid of it don't tell me how old I
am at the same time we continue to empty
out and categorize different types of
makeup and tools from my original drawer
set boom bruschettas including
complexion products eyeliners on
mascaras bronzers and bushes and
eyeshadows and palettes which Kayleigh
started arranging in these leaning
palette organizers like how many of your
eyeshadows have this little edging
either I tried to smooth like the
carving over but um it'll never truly be
the same but they didn't die they just
got harmed slightly but we did
unfortunately discover a few actual
casualties that I hadn't thrown away yet
Tyler we've encountered a tragedy this
NYX blush has blushed its last cheek
fare-thee-well soft-spoken blush give it
a moment of silence please where is it
shall I compare thee to a summers day
thou art more lovely and more temperate
after that I was gently banished from
the blushes and was tasked with
decluttering the box of foundations that
I'm gonna start throwing away old
foundations this is empty so there we go
goodbye and then
yes please finally please play starter
what oh I'm gonna keep my accustomed
foundation though though my general rule
for tossing was that I was gonna get rid
of any foundation over two years old or
that were empty I found myself having a
tough time parting with products that
could be useful in a video down the road
this is probably from like 2010 what
yeah because at this point I've kept it
for so long what if I need to make I
dress like it was 2010 video even with
that clinginess though I did manage to
swim down my foundation box a lot I
can't be sure but I feel like I'm doing
pretty good on these foundations look
how I can be sure I just got a bunch of
them now while I had been busy digging
through my foundations Ashton had been
sorting out the bronzers and Kaylee had
been cruising through the pallets
there's more pallets though over here oh
there are yes absolutely
Wow well good thing guys we have an
extra just for highlighters at that
point the only two categories left to
declutter were mascara I think some
people say you're supposed to throw your
mascara out every three months this is
from February of last year and concealer
I would say that this product is
probably maybe from college that is not
the right color listen I used to be more
tan I used to spend more time outside
and with that we had gone through pretty
much every category of my makeup so
we're nearing the end of our like day
one accomplishment or whatever we did
today which left us with all of the
remaining products placed into drawer
inserts so then tomorrow we can
basically just start putting them in the
drawers and then decide like which
drawer is best for like which product
kind of I feel like a lot happened in
the last like hour I feel like it was
like three hours of lips and then like
an hour like an hour of like turbo
organizing so with that day one was
wrapped alright
so it's day two of organizing and got
the whole team here and we've got a lot
of stuff to do they have a laminating
machine in the
the room that they've been fiddling with
and I don't know what's happening well
all the sorting has been done so the
game plan now is to assemble the vanity
we've got the mirror we've got the
drawers we've got the table table so we
brought those remaining furniture items
into the room place the desk top on top
of the shorter drawers and as a
finishing touch added a vanity mirror
with lights well that gets bright hello
as Mia touched on before our next step
was to play drawer Tetris so this is all
lipsticks yes this is gonna be your like
everyday general makeup and then I think
I don't know what comes next let's knock
this out a little bit so we wanted to
arrange the drawers based on like what
order the products are used and also how
much of each thing I had in the meantime
Joni and Kaylee had devised a solution
to the lipstick tubes that didn't have
color labels basically by swatching them
on a piece of paper laminating that
paper putting double-sided tape on the
back and then hole punching the swatch
out to create a sticker to put on to the
lipstick tube oh my god what's pretty
exciting right that's so fun now it's
very clear that's what that's like
exactly what we needed
so as the drawers started filling up it
was time to label them alright so Ashley
right now has the label maker and we're
gonna look at fonts yep I'm gonna print
out one and see if you like it okay
awesome because it's not true drawer
porn without a label label on boom I
like that fun bold font after finishing
our labeling we added a chair to the
vanity yeah yeah and coincidentally
Joanie and Kayleigh had also finished
their laminating Wow now you will know
where every lipstick is and what a
dramatic change from the buckets on the
budget buckets Wow wait guys are we done
I think we're done we I I'm Chuck I feel
like this morning was a real world
yeah there was so many of us and I was
just like though the time may have flown
by I was really happy with how
everything was looking well you guys had
such an amazing job thank you - thank
you
a high ten please all of the makeups a
chick so I think with practically
perfect organization leg of the project
done the room was like 90% finished with
just a few tasks left for Tyler and I to
complete first up we ran some of the
unopened makeup products that I had over
to a donation center that accepts
cosmetics and then afterwards we headed
back to Ikea in search of some furniture
items to make the room feel a little
less empty are we back here like
literally we found an ottoman and a
couch that we liked so majestic did you
get our Ottoman no and we found the rest
of the items we were looking for online
aka
another ottoman and a rug since the
original fluffy gray rug actually
impeded the use of the lowest drawers
and after moving those things in our new
makeup room was finally ready alright so
welcome to my finished Beauty room yeah
this is my Beauty room dance okay it's
kind of like a grapevine anymore that
dress I've been wearing this dress for
four days so let me give you guys a tour
of my new vanity this tower as you guys
probably know is like entirely lipstick
from top to bottom we have four drawers
of just traditional lipsticks one drawer
of like mixed liquid lipsticks and
traditional lipsticks followed by four
drawers of liquid lipsticks then in
these shorter drawers on the right-hand
side of the vanity we have our everyday
essentials on top underneath we have
mascara and brows eyeliner and lashes
single eyeshadows or like really small
palettes and then underneath that we
have all of the brushes the brush
Candace but I also have my favorite
brushes right up here then in the
shorter drawers on the left hand side
I've got concealers and setting powders
blushes and bronzers highlighters
primers and foundations a lot fewer
foundations than before and then setting
spray and other face brace finally in
this far left tower we have the
rest of the lips sprawl we've got lip
pencils lip glosses and like balms and
scrubs followed by three drawers of
emptiness aka room to grow then I have
two drawers of palettes that would like
fit inside of the drawers and one drawer
on the bottom of cotton rounds and
makeup wipes outside of the drawers we
have all of the palettes that wouldn't
fit and we also have some fun bonus
decor we added these three floating
shelves to the wall over here we've got
these vintage lipstick tubes over there
we've got the pigments from the history
of lipsticks video no longer in Ziploc
bags now in clear jars and over here
we've got our Franken makeup our two
custom lipsticks from the bite lip lab
which you guys saw earlier and also two
items that we got from wish that are
actually not really for display but I'm
keeping them separate from the
collection because we're gonna make a
fake makeup video in a couple of weeks
but they don't look out of place so
maybe they'll live there forever
besides that we also have a few select
pop figurines on our nice vanity mirror
as well as this tabletop tripod so I can
vlog my makeup application like this or
I can do that or Tyler could also do
that so that's the vanity which takes up
this side of the room but on the other
side of the room we have this little
sitting area that we've created so Tyler
or anyone can kind of like take a nap
hang out so they go yes sure that's true
so that is pretty much our finished room
so I'm really happy with the way the
whole room turned out especially when
you think of how far it came in just a
few days and I would say that having
professional organizers assist us helped
a lot especially since taking on my
entire makeup collection was kind of a
daunting task but having both their
expertise and also like literally more
hands definitely sped things along and
made it much easier and I feel like our
finalized Beauty room and makeup
organization it's both their checklist
of our items being visible and
accessible and having room to grow and
my overall wish list of having a surface
a place to film and general cuteness I
think after this experience I'm
have been bit by the decluttering bug
thankfully I don't actually have any
desire to buy more lipsticks right now
especially after seeing them all lined
up but I do have a desire to buy a label
maker and a laminator I don't know what
I'll be organizing next but mark my
words it will be laminated thank you
guys so much for watching and a big
thank you to practically perfect for
helping us with our beauty room if you
liked that video make sure to sham a
stat like button and if you want to see
more videos like this make sure to smash
that subscribe button a big shout out to
puffles for watching thanks for watching
and I will see you guys next time
