my cup runneth over and we got to get
home soon
we're living in dangerous times you guys
hello friends and welcome to another
video this week I'm coming back at you
with another period video that's right
the period videos are back we missed
last month because I tried something for
a couple of days and it didn't really
work out for me and then there was also
this added part where it wasn't really
FDA approved in fact it was like FDA
like not approved and then I was like
maybe we should just scrap it this month
week this week we're going to be taking
on the Diva Cup I've heard a lot about
the Diva Cup I in fact have made other
people try it for a video before but
I've never gotten to try this or any
other menstrual cup myself so we're
gonna dive right in so a Diva Cup is
basically like a silicone Cup that you
fold up shove up and then it will catch
the blood it'll catch the fall and then
once it's filled up you take it out dump
it out rinse it out and you can use it
again you can leave it up in there for
12 hours it's like more eco friendly as
a tampon girl I'm pretty excited about
the idea of a different kind of period
product that's also internal I really
liked certain aspects of the period
panty that I tried a couple months ago
but the worst part by far was the squish
like the feeling of the drop and so
anything that can catch the blood before
that happens
I'm interested to try once again it is
day one of my period and you guys might
know that my period is 7 days long so
tonight's test will be sleeping in it
and see if there were any leaks and then
tomorrow is day 2 of course so that'll
be an exciting day day two is always
abundant I'm excited to see if the Diva
Cup and I can become friends this week
so I'm gonna take my diva cup out of its
box and we're gonna get more involved in
a different type of box I'm sorry I
didn't want to say my box but
so I have my little diva cup here it's
pretty squishy it's not too big it looks
bigger in the box for some reason it's
got the Diva Cup engraved right here and
then it has like a little sort of
measuring lines to see how many ounces
of blood you've produced so from the box
it says there are two different types of
ways to fold this the first one is like
this I don't know if you guys can see
that where it's like you fold the front
and then you kind of close and then the
second one is like you fully taco it the
full taco seems like the one that makes
the most sense to me so hold it like
that the instructions say to wash this
and wash your hands so we're gonna do
that and then we're gonna head right
into it
wish me luck I'm gonna put you right
here
step one is is relax
step two is fold okay then so three is
like the negotiation man this is not
easy
what oh okay I think that it's it
unfurled wow this is a pretty hands-on
project
now what happens step four or whatever
step we're on is rotate oh can I find it
where is it
okay there it is okay I don't know that
I can rotate this let me let me read
that again I don't know a rotation okay
okay I think I'm done actually that
didn't take as long as I would I would
think probably only check let me see how
long we were recording about three
minutes alright so that wasn't as
difficult as I thought it would be I can
definitely tell where it is kind of but
it doesn't feel too uncomfortable but
I'm kind of like moving around gyrating
trying to let it settle in I actually
feel pretty secure so well actually I
have no idea I don't know I just said
that I'm setting the towel down because
I'm a little bit nervous I'm just
playing it safe good night and good luck
to me okay well it looks like it's all
clear on my end
the more they update - I was pretty
groggy so what I was saying in my vlogs
was pretty incoherent it does feel not
super dry it definitely feels a little
bit like moisture down there what I
meant was that
weren't any leaks on the towel overnight
but when I woke up I did feel like not
completely dry downstairs I'm also
having the weirdest sensation of little
bubbles I don't really know how else to
say that but just like little bubbles
and then when I stood up and started
walking around I actually felt a couple
of air bubbles kind of escape from the
cup yeah I'm gonna hop in the shower
wake myself up I'm up and at him
everything is sort of where it's
supposed to be now after about 15 to 20
minutes of wrestling with the cup so I
tried to take the Diva Cup out in the
shower because I heard that if you can
change it in and out in the shower it's
pretty ideal like Captain Morgan did and
then I tried to grab it by the little
step I could find the stem but I could
not get it out standing up at all so
then I went to take it out over the
toilet
taking it out was definitely an ordeal
it's just it's difficult to really get a
good grip on that nub and once you do
have a good grip on it you have to take
it out all the way in like one motion
because if you let go of the nub to like
take a rest
it'll just scoop back on up there it'll
just be like well it kind of takes a
decent amount of hand strength to be
honest but actually getting a back end
wasn't too bad it's supposed to be fine
for 12 hours so after all the time it
took this morning you do get a good
payoff of like oh you don't really have
to do it again for a while so once
everything was stowed away I had a
pretty uneventful day like I was doing
some editing I ran a few errands I just
kind of forgot about it and I didn't
really feel anything I didn't really
like have any concerns until a full 12
hours later when I felt the air bubbles
return okay you guys it's 10:30 at night
I think earlier I said that there was
like bubbles happening and some just
kind of emerged and I think that means
that it's starting to leak I think that
that I'm losing suction okay I'm home
now so nothing terrible happened
it definitely leaks though like after
the bubbling like I kind of felt the
squelch it's not like really running but
it's definitely time to change it out I
was impressed by the longevity of the
coverage though today like there was a
lot of time today when I was flying high
and like not really worrying about my
period so that's pretty cool
I slept in a little bit but it still
didn't leak so that's awesome left the
towel down last night again just in case
but we are all clear
all quiet on the downstairs front so I
actually managed to take it out without
dumping it out immediately so I saw like
it filled a cup doesn't absorb your
blood it just catches it so you do get
to get a good look at it which is kind
of a weird experience and it was still
disconcerting to see it was just like oh
okay so I'm gonna work out with my Diva
Cup we are gonna go on a hike right now
we're gonna see I don't know if anything
weird happens if if it shifts around
during flight yeah the box says ultimate
freedom
enjoy all daily activities yoga swimming
camping dancing even extreme sports and
more okay so hiking should be fine so
while I was hiking things were going
pretty well going up was great and then
coming back down was there was just like
two times Rochas likely is a little
extra gravity like they're just the
bubble Elmas the air pressure change a
couple of air bubbles escaped again I
think on day two the air bubbles
escaping kind of meant that the cup was
filled up but on day three it felt more
like things were just jostling around I
think this could also just be like
growing pains like I'm getting used to
the cup the cups getting used to me I
would say like exercising like nine
of ten obviously we didn't run but we
were like hiking you know we were like
so in between uses of the Diva Cup you
are supposed to remove it and wash it
with mild soap and then you can pretty
much just reuse it right then and there
but it does say that you can boil it as
needed Tyler will you do the honors of
holding this camera while this process
happens as needed it may be boiled for
five to ten minutes in an open pot with
plenty of water why is it as needed
right now I don't know do not leave
boiling pot unattended
if you accidentally burn your cup your
cup may be ruined
I'm nervous okay can you see it Divakar
are you in there alright five minutes
I'm gonna get let's do five minutes just
to be on the safe side good looks being
boiled it's like like goodbye germs you
know okay I'm turning it off alright
it's not melted no it's looks okay yeah
I'm gonna let it cool down and then
we're gonna get back to business I feel
good actually I'm actually really glad
that we did that because it was a little
weird to me that you could just like oh
rinse it out with a little bit of soap
and just pop it right back in like I was
like wanting to clean it more so this
makes me feel good I can't sing a thong
song about it that's the only I don't
like by this thing so day five rolls
around and something that I've always
wondered and I've heard other people
expressed this concern too is if you
were ever upside down with the Diva Cup
would the blood just trickle back up so
I decided to you know do a little upside
down action and see if I could feel
anything happening I'm not gonna do it
because I can
but I can probably do that's pretty good
hi you feel anything no feeling anything
now the thing is you can't really feel
it dropping into the cup so maybe it was
trickling back up but I don't think
you'd be able to feel it I think it's
fine honestly you guys I think this this
part is fine one of the advantages of
the Diva Cup for me was that you could
leave it in for 12 hours I kind of got
away with not changing it outside of my
house
for the whole week up until day six I
wanted to try and change my Diva Cup in
a different environment like not just at
my house but all they have been looking
in the bathrooms in places I've been and
none of them were single stall bathrooms
they're all like multiple stall
bathrooms there's a little bit of a trip
you have to do between the toilet and
the sink and then back to the toilet I
don't really feel that comfortable doing
it in a multiple stall bathroom I'm just
gonna wait till I get home the idea of
having to change it in public without
access to a single stall bathroom just
makes me nervous you could probably do
it if you were super sneaky but I would
be I would be like me so it's day seven
and day six and seven for me are really
just like spotting and light flow days
and so when I took my diva cup out this
morning there wasn't really much to
speak of in there so I decided to go
without the cup today I think on earlier
days in your period when the Diva Cup
can really sore it made sense to use it
but then on later flow days when you're
really just spotting or not bleeding
very much going through the drama of
putting it in and taking it out doesn't
really make sense to me and I decided to
wear my Fink's period song from last
time I did a period of video you know
like you can just sort of throw on the
period thong catch whatever's left and
not have to worry about like mess it
around
overall I did like the diva cup I do
think the diva cup and I became friends
over the course of this week my favorite
part by far is when it's doing its
things like when it's already up there
and you can just leave it up there for
12 hours
like I kind of forgot
for a while and I wasn't really worrying
about it because you can leave it up
there for longer so there was a peace of
mind element to this I wouldn't really
blame the leaking incident on the cup
I think the cup was literally like hey I
last for 12 hours and then 12 hours
later it was like 12 hours and I was
like noted I'm pretty sure that period
odours appear when your period blood
hits the air so you don't smell anything
unless you bleep I also thought that it
was pretty easy to clean pretty easy to
boil I boiled it twice at this point and
like seems pretty much the same you just
gotta watch it and make sure you don't
actually just burn it to a crisp my only
issue with it it's just like the
learning curve and also just like the
drama surrounding putting it in and
taking it out it's just it's still a
little difficult for me I actually do
think I would use it again like I'm
pretty down for it I'll just have to
practice it's not that easy but once
it's there then life is easy until you
got to take it out again thank you guys
so much for watching if you have tried
the Diva Cup or another menstrual cup or
want to just talk about the Diva Cup let
me know in the comments below if you
liked that video make sure to smash that
like button and if you want to see more
videos like this make sure to show
manche that subscribe button and you
Vardy smash that subscribe button make
sure to Somesh that little bell icon to
turn on post notifications so you get a
notification every time that I post here
my social media handles and make sure to
check out my next beat I do a lot of
daily vlogging and q and A's on there
shout out to Shannon for watching thanks
for watching Shannon well Shannon
hey Shannon and I will see you guys next
time
