hello friends and welcome to another
video today I'm gonna be doing a what's
in my bag video which I'm very excited
to do some of you guys requested it I
also watch a lot of other people's
what's in my bag videos one of the main
reasons that I enjoy this type of video
is that I like to see what type of
strange crap we all have at the bottom
of our purses this is the perfect time
to do it because my bag is quite
literally falling apart at the scenes
there are receipts everywhere I kind of
got to go through it anyway we'll do it
together it'll be great
so I think we should just dive right in
let's see what's in my bag please don't
judge me too much I haven't cleaned it
out at all it's just it's fresh off the
arm here it is this is my hand bag that
I use on most days when I say it's
literally falling apart I mean that this
is this can you guys see that this strap
is hanging by a few threads I wouldn't
say a single thread but it's no more
than four threads now this bag is from
Topshop I use it almost every day
I got it in like July of last year it's
kind of like a fake suede but it has
like a nice feel to it one of the
reasons I got it was because I wanted to
get a bag that was plain that I could
put like enamel pins through and I
bought this with that purpose in mind
and then as soon as I tried to actually
put an enamel pin through it I realized
that to get it through I would have to
really puncture the holes I should have
probably gotten like a canvas bag if I
wanted just to easily be able to like
put pins in and out wherever I wanted so
I just decided to leave it plain let's
get into it let's open this bad boy up
let's see what I have in my Mary Poppins
purse oh my lord
it is a mess in here this is my wallet
it is gold and silver and it's marked by
Marc Jacobs this was a graduation
present from my aunt when I graduated
college inside of here I'm gonna open it
like this like a little book I have just
like my you
debit cards credit cards Costco card
can't live without that Costco card man
Wow
- five-dollar bills damn 10 11 12 13 14
15 16 17 dollars that's $1 off my lucky
number my lucky number is 16 I've got a
BB go buy one get one free oh we gotta
go be before the 31st ooh I also have
one of these things
Starbucks used to give these to you like
if they did your order wrong they would
be like oh just here have this and like
you can show it at a Starbucks and you
get a drink for free I had two of these
and I used the last one a couple of
months ago and I went up to the cashier
as like also this and they were like we
haven't given those out in years but
fine but this doesn't work anymore so
I'm just waiting for you know the day to
come when I try and present this and
it's like that was issued five years ago
you're crazy
so that's my wallet let's see what
receipts I have in here shop house
Southeast Asian kitchen Bibi go and BB
go again nailing it all the receipts
will just sit next to me cry tears in a
pile um looks like a straw wrapper ooh
so this thing and I have a few of these
this is just one of them wow I really
need to reevaluate the way that I
organized my purse this is a my charge
portable iPhone charger it's like a
little stick you can charge this in your
computer or on your normal iPhone
charger it just has a like a little USB
as the tail and it'll fill up to a full
iPhone charge and then you just carry
your firewire with you and you can you
know recharge your phone anything in
this side pocket nope this handbag
doesn't offer a lot in the way of
pockets or like internal organization
there is one pocket though and I have
chosen not to put anything inside so
everything is just in the main cabin
let's take this out this is my vlogging
camera that I just got and very excited
about it this is the canon powershot g7x
mark - a lot of youtubers I really look
up to use this camera I
should have it standing on this little
Manfrotto like mini tripod the mini
tripods actually useful to have it stand
up by itself really quick but the main
reason I have it on this is so I can
hold it easily this little thing on top
is actually something that I saw in so
Ella's what's in my bag video memory but
basically it's this little thing called
a micro muff I love the name it's so
vaguely sexual or blatantly sexual
basically it's just like a little like
wind diffuser for the microphone first
looked really cute and close to the
camera mine you can really see the
velcro here so I don't know I don't know
what she did or how what I did how are
you doing this is something that should
probably be in a better case that's
doing okay so far so this is a the gum
that I like to use I use Trident white
I'm a serial gum swallower gum was
actually not allowed in my high school
so I just got into the habit of if I had
gum and someone came like walking by I
would just swallow it immediately just
because you would get caught that way no
word on what the inside of my intestines
look like I don't like stick gum
I like this whitening gum not even
because of like the whitening aspect
though that is good I just like the
initial crunch and mint inna stuff like
that it's more satisfying this little
bag is like my mini makeup bag that I
got from Ipsy this bag can actually
handle my larger like makeup travel bag
if I'm like doing my makeup somewhere
else or sometimes I just don't want to
leave my makeup at home alone but if I'm
just running out to do something for the
evening I'll you should take one of
these smaller bags inside are a few
things a little bit of a pressed powder
I usually use a loose powder to set my
face I just carry this around kind of as
like blotting powder this powder and
absolutely at the bottom of I have hit
pan but there is some at the edges and I
will not rebuy this until I'm completely
done with this and that's how I feel
the next thing is this little brush from
ELF it is not really supposed to be like
an all-over face powder brush but it's
just really small so I can you know just
put it in this little epsy bag I just
take it around and it just kind of like
you know blot away I have a mini Too
Faced better than sex mascara just in
case I saw this is the Lancome art liner
I really
this eyeliner this is currently my Holy
Grail eyeliner I also have my brow
pencil the Anastasia or Anastasia
Beverly Hills brow definer in Ebony and
then I have my lip stuff down here oh
just kidding I also have some concealer
my next concealer in beige this is my
number one favorite lipstick for my top
ten favorite lipsticks video the Urban
Decay vice lipstick in oblivion even
when I'm not wearing this lipstick that
day I'm like just in case everything
goes wrong I'll just put this on just as
a backup always I have to colour-pop
lippie stix in here I have one
colour-pop lippie stix in wet it's a
pearlized grey one
this color is pillow top in the matte X
formula of the colour-pop lippie stix I
really love how it feels it's kind of
powdery if that makes sense I've used it
a lot and I you can tell because the
label is completely come off I also have
the stuff that we used for the furry
lips video that I put up a couple days
ago so I have the Kat Von D everlasting
liquid lipstick and the flocking powder
you just you never know when the time
will be right
ignoring the receipts you didn't
literally see the receipts just like
sticking out of here
as if it was a mist Oh next sunglasses
don't worry there's no case involved
they were just free-balling it in there
these are from Amazon I don't know the
name of a company that sells these I
have never lost a pair of these but I
have oftentimes thought that I lost a
parent gone online very sad needing to
rebuy these because I need these in my
life these are my favorite sunglasses I
think I've ever owned I just go to
Amazon I search black cat eye sunglasses
and just scroll until I find these the
ones I buy because I think I have three
pairs of these at this point are all
between like eight and like 15 bucks so
if you see a pair of these that are
between 8 and 15 dollars that's probably
the right ones here my keys on my keys I
have a Ralph's reward card that's a
grocery store for those of you don't
live on the west coast
I have APO box key my house key my
mailbox key and then I also have a yoga
works little Schmidt Anish mat I used to
have a little alien guy used to hang off
my keychain but he fell off I do have
him somewhere then my keys are you know
a little more drab
loss of him so the last thing I have
before we go through the rest of the
receipts that are just at the bottom of
my bag
he's my iPhone I just almost dropped it
but didn't this case I absolutely love
it's from Sonics it has little eyes but
they're not evil eyes necessarily their
eyes that have like little stars at the
end of the lashes they're just cute eyes
so this is a success which means that it
is like one generation old so they have
the seven but I have this conspiracy
theory that they make your iphone work a
little bit worse once the newer iPhone
comes out to kind of make you want to
buy newer one listen Tim Cook whoever
you are I'm on the S track I don't want
to buy the seven
I may buy the 7s in fact there probably
will next year because then I will have
had this phone for two years stop trying
to get me to buy the seven let this film
live it's like it's all I got to say Tim
Cook now let's just go through these
things one at a time and see what we
have this is a Pink's hot dog receipt
from when we were also wearing the furry
lips got a chili dog a Betty White dog
and a mulholland dog this is literal
trash oh you know what this is the bag
of mini doughnuts from the furry lips
video and there's just a lot of cinnamon
sugar at the bottom Starbucks
straw wrapper another straw wrapper ooh
veggie grill man I love veggie roll a
ticket to a musical fun home great
musical check it out this is a parking
receipt this is also from veggie grill
but it looks completely different target
Glendale ooh I got my acne wash I use
Alba acne doped scrub a quarter whoo
let's see what stage this organ crater
lake nerve into organ but I'd love to go
and I hold even receipt for the screws
for my screw verses mascara wand video
you know I probably should have as I was
going through those receipts organized
them better for which ones I wanted to
keep in watch what I didn't want to keep
so I'm gonna have to go through those
again here's another strong rapper yeah
so that's my bag I really love
these kinds of video so I'm really glad
I finally got to do my own finally got
to show you guys the crap that I had at
the bottom of my bag so I should
probably now go and try and so this
strap back onto my bag so I can you know
not drop everything that I have in the
middle of the street I hope you enjoyed
this video if you did make sure to smash
that like button and if you want to see
more videos like this make sure to smash
that subscribe button and if you already
have subscribed make sure to match that
little Bell icon in the middle to turn
on post notifications so you get a
notification every time that I post here
my social media handles and make sure to
check out my next beat I do a lot of
daily vlogging and Q&A is on there thank
you so much to Savannah for watching and
I will see you guys next time
