it is Sunday it's time to rest kind of I
don't know it's been crazy
look oh wait this is not right welcome
to the vlog guys it is Sunday I hope
you're having a wonderful day we have
caught all day it's not that early it's
kind of late and we have been Britney
and I have been talking a lot we'll
discuss that hi Cora I said we've been
we've been trying to figure out what we
were gonna film rather than just filming
I know you have not that I don't want to
do it I will take today's blame legit I
will take today's blame she did come up
with some great ideas thick cuz it's
Sunday right we wanted to keep Sundays
for like our day right like that's our
day off camera but we're still gonna
upload something so it was either like
one take or just the roll like ten
minute video or like how we showed our
cameras from last week or we've done
multiple things right and she came up
with a couple good ideas today I kind of
shot him down and I feel bad now but
it's our vlog and I know as me I'm sorry
I blew it I really blew it me was Kane
in the bathroom or busy or yeah get to
him I've done everything but film today
I'm legit started cleaning like these up
here get pull up like all are just every
everything gets thrown up there right
and then I started ripping out bottom
drawers down here and this is the mess
from like we were sorting things and
yeah she was like don't do it and I said
let's do it she said don't do it
magically found your wallet after I
didn't a good blogger would have shared
that story but I didn't I'd been missing
my wallet for about nine guy think it
was the day I got my eye surgery so
we're going on like eight days since the
time I actually found my wallet I'd been
missing
and it was to the point where I was like
we have to reorder things I have to go
get a new drivers license I have it was
gonna be like a big problem and then I
walked into Brittany's office out there
honored Amy yeah after she gave me her
key
yeah she got me a new wallet for
Christmas and since I've been missing
mine for eight days and we decided that
it is officially gone
she gives me a brand new Christmas
present an early Christmas present which
was a wallet that I love and I'm so
excited to have it was it the same day
okay the day after she gives me her
early Christmas present I walk out into
her office on her gaming computer on her
a mousepad is my wallet my wallet
getting yours I'm just saying how did it
get there not true absolutely not true
oh my get me so what's he doing he's
taking that salmon belt sample what is
it
Oh nerf balls this cat loves nerf balls
watch this or he'll run with it doo doo
doo doo doo doo
speaking of flash like we got something
for you flash shouldn't that be a
Christmas present
no come on flash come on I got something
for you yes it really is for mommy but
okay come on I better give me that thing
so guys welcome to our Sunday video I
don't know what it is it's right now
it's a vlog actually we're just blogging
or hanging out we are hungry and flash
we're going I promise as she tried a
lemon try to oh yeah that's good good
you like it she straight stole your life
Eddie take a chomp lemon challenge just
jump right into it
yeah seeds and lemon she likes it is she
getting a lemon now whoo lemons are good
yeah a little barely it's pretty tough
just chomp into it chomp into it for the
viewers that give you all them likes on
these videos do it for them wait are you
serious but it's good though right
this kid always wants to get limes out
of the fridge and just kind of this lime
not much different it's okay all right
it's good right flesh let's go I got
something for you I come on how might
even get this in here am I gonna get
this in here okay can help me you won't
put your jacket on in boots shoes all
right just me and you buddy let's go
let's go oh no how am i do this someone
you're coming with me come come what are
you doing come come on loose
oh it's pure you know whatever just
leave me like everybody else in the
house it's beautiful it's sunny it's
bright out I feel healthy today my eyes
are kind of sucky thankful for today man
be thankful for every day coming this is
it right here this big guy oh my god
sorry for whoever made that one it's
good this giant box is for you flesh
it's all for you dude take it in it's
for the house baby for the house let's
go you're not very much help you were
really not much help
oh let's gonna make his day I actually
thought this thing is really heavy for
some reason maybe because the big box I
only saw it but I didn't actually move
it pick it up
plastic plastic camera shop camera down
first and then do whatever you would
normally do in real life is go see what
it is you see the big box Cory Cora okay
she's super into whatever's in this box
he's ready he knows it is oh it better
be a big old t-bone steak in that box
right here we go here no no it's fine
just don't cut deep cuz it's got a big
ol squishy what's in the box
rip rip rip hey maybe it's tariffs
tariffs okay hey let her try what is it
flash this is really the anticipation is
just killing ya huh hang on hang on hang
on
you guys were great I'd never seen
anybody cut a box like that hmm push it
down push it down my gosh it says to pop
sockets to smile he's already on the
frame
you're not the bill oh god is that a box
of parts Oh what is this flash
he has no idea bird you make a little
bridge out of mommy do you need me call
Brian or you got it hey you got two on
we don't know it's a bed yet fuzzy what
is it
I ain't course gonna take it over we'll
just we'll be able to figure out smart
flashes Oh
I mean he's our baby he's our baby
therefore a baby horse like dang this is
a nice box
are we smart look at that hey chores oh
he's the pong no get your bed they don't
get the carpet all dirty just the bed
mmm I think he likes it I think he likes
it yeah he's punky legit just got so
much energy
oh my god I don't know how he literally
knew since I set it down to just hop
right up on it I guess thank you that's
smart dog man he knows this basic math
and some English Gore just wants the box
this could be your box for the rest of
the day you can plant all we need some
whosoever or play balls that would be
awesome in there are you thanking me or
do you want something else yeah I'm
getting all jealous he's like wait wait
wait
do many people in my bed so believe it
or not flash is a husky believe it or
not oh well yeah for her to be climbing
on that doesn't feel good on the head
what I was gonna say is believe it or
not flash does not like being in the
house
too long he gets so hot he's a husky
he's a snow dog he is built for the
coldest weather and sometimes even at
night like I'll go out he has a bed he
has multiple beds but he sleeps in
different places outside and some nights
before I go to bed I open the door and
try to get him in and he will not come
in so when he does sleep inside he
sleeps right here
you can literally eat you can tell I can
see it you can see it well I mean then
you're gonna be walking around it that
would be an awesome spot so our goal was
to get him off the carpet if he does
sleep in here and hopefully the beds not
too hot it's too hot he won't sleep on
it and then he'll Moo you know here
you built for the cold look for the cold
hum baby
he's a good dog he really is honey you
gonna have to explain to her that that's
flashes bad it's the perfect size for
her to look at her Oh flash whores in
your bed or is in your bed say come on
flash get up in bed get up in bed okay
you draw it up and color in there some I
color my foot hey Cora guess what that's
permanent that's a permanent marker
why do you for a permanent don't you
have a thing she doesn't on purpose
sometimes she loves the bath so much go
lay down I see what this is I see what
this is okay there you go there you go
oh yeah that's good what is that you
don't like it the dog that eats
everything
if donkey was here he would eat that
just her donkey couldn't have it
oh you're torturing him trying to eat in
here it's like little vultures swarming
around I just think she wants a bite
then she says she don't want a bite then
if anything falls in the floor
this one gets it come up here daddy
whoopee tree daddy has come come on
let's get comfy come on come on say hi
today hi are you just want to film all
right you concerned she's so concerned
pointed at mommy pointing it turn it
around here you go putting it up mommy
yeah hold it by the side hang in there
guys we're getting that hang on okay
hold it grab it point it at mommy
do I need blog classes Monday through
Friday I'll be here Saturday to Sunday
is kind of a mild day oh boy she's got
it now guys
Rocka my baby on the tree yeah I was
gonna sing if YouTube never worked out
for me it's kind of my thing I didn't
you know come on down waters warm man
jump in keep walking keep walking
oh you're peaking then how'd you go
around that big box of diamonds where's
what just lay on it you can have it
you're gonna have it geez
oh boy oh boy no get used to it he just
thinks you're gonna give him what's ever
in that bowl
no Galina Galina go get Ben go get in
bed dude
his brain he's only programmed right now
for food what do that well look who just
got here
Mr Attwood he wants to show you his new
bed check it out like that that's too
legit no no was here she having it gee
he only wants to lay went on it when
somebody's on it
so come up here climb up there sorry
flash sorry dude sports taking sports
taking he's like what you got on you
will you got on you I flash come on come
on easy well that is our uh that's our
quick little hello from the Atwoods
today little high a little Sunday how
long was this video probably very short
probably our shortest video in 28 days
maybe I don't know like how comfy core
is this is done it's so Sunday
do you want to guess I have no idea how
long do you think the video is today you
weren't even here half the time I bet
it's like 14 minutes just guessing we
haven't made a 14 minute yeah but all
our vlogs are like 20 minutes 6 minutes
for 6 minutes less all right dick it's
definitely not 5 it's 10 no longer we
can just sit here like this for 10 more
minutes and it'll be super long just
just like this just arguing about how
long double boxing we love you guys
quick hello on our Sunday um told you
guys that we were gonna just try to keep
uploading even on our on our Sundays
which we like to keep off-camera we love
you guys thank you so much for the
support for the the everyday love the
life the whatever you guys do it's
huge we will see you guys tomorrow back
on track for Monday we love you you
everybody said bye bye bye we'll see you
tomorrow
beautiful
you
