by you wetting your nose did why you
wetting it no she went in dark this is
what weirdest place ever started welcome
to the vlog hope you're having a good
day we're out we're cleansing this is
put this is pore pore cleanse this is
what you know what happens when you ask
hey what's this
so how long you leave it on there just
like that you own okay relax with your
hair inside yeah that hurt everyone who
has seen as is pulled it off can I rip
it off oh you want to pull the band-aid
it's not ripping off it's not like you
don't rip it pull pull
excess oil out of your pores for a super
clear and shiny glow it hardens yes like
paper mache pull it pull it
I did one of these ones it's pretty
gross dude actually what comes off your
face yeah oh no oh that came out of your
body dude how do you know
I never seen you move so fast in my life
you flying it's not that man I've seen
worse
 you time to move on try good time
to go this way hope you guys are having
an awesome day look it's dirty it's
snowing a little bit we got a little
flurry little a little dusting creepin
in the house creepin in the house what
are we looking at Quora hey hey cat toys
uh yeah I flash Oh none of the cats are
ahead ya know let me smell nitro and
stalks are both sleeping right here it's
like my fish this is my fish it's not
your fish splash it's nothing oh that's
cool hi what is this
mommy's that kinda is a kid's like a toy
you can spin the ball well we donate one
to flash cane he's already got one
daddy it's not yours
that's not yours kiddies love fish spin
ends Bernanke's bananas banana likes it
tonight job on the prowl two cats house
cats ready to attack
he was playing with it this is kitties
kitties big day right here getting all
these new toys they're burnt they're
what what what is their birthday they
like it
I know flash okay alright next toy oh
snap that's the invention right there
that'll keep them busy look at that
thank you oh yeah tucks don't see it
yeah oh there they go there they go
don't like it they like it I'll touch
you smashing it you're smashing it this
is so funny
alright jumping around a little bit you
ready take it front you shotgunning it I
said shotgun
okay this kid I loved sitting in the
back I don't know what all the hype
about the front is walking my cookies
yeah see I know where the stash is back
here every time he gets ain't looks back
there he's like yeah guilty now you know
wanna sit in the backseat for real okay
so we have to go out and look at this is
probably one of the most exciting things
we've ever done honestly we gotta go
find a new trailer I know that sounds
like ridiculous but we got to get a
trailer things to move like if we want
to go to Michigan and take the x3 with
tracks on it we don't have a trailer for
us we need uh we need a work trailer
utility trailer something that we can do
things more fun it is weather man it's
like been wet muddy and now it's snowing
again
yeah clearing windows dude washing fluid
put it in Brits so a Brittany and I are
coming home the other night I forget
where we were but we're coming home and
we can't see anything
brian says we'll put he'll foot washing
fluid in the car where I'll Drive it
can't see anything no washer fluid when
you would know your snowboard I think
you tried to kill it sabotage us dude no
what happened was this Brittany and then
we're out and they texted me and say hey
we need washer fluid well I was busy at
the house totally forgot about her and
then you
text message hey we have no washer fluid
and I felt so bad no I think I can play
the video they aim to the video this is
after Brian promise to put washer fluid
in our car yeah here we are here's the
video I sent this - yeah it's just
payback it's karma for the record the
camera makes all our windows look a lot
cleaner it looks nice beautiful day to
be trailer shopping now just down here
in this beautiful snow country found it
which one oh that's cute I can almost
put your your pink four-wheeler in there
this red truck you wish for snow and
snow case I was driving I like Lee's lot
of snow look at this place it's
beautiful man even st. was supposed to
snow today Brittany's like fine a
trailer I'm on it's on your head that
was a double whammy
what do you write what gonna clear those
up later
we're looking for look at all these
trailers like a million trailers up here
this is trailer town trailer town
aluminum oh that's good bird poo which
one you thinking he's starting off just
starting a war now you got a war
starting a war out here girl oh my god I
like this like you drive up on it like a
big like work trailer you know or do you
think we really have to have like a dump
if you wanna haul stuff like dirt growl
like it'll do everything right like one
of these will do everything right and
holla cat snowball on your back yeah how
are we buying the same well I'm gonna
walk right up to him look at mache in
space I'm a little what can you do for
me
you brought the Afro dude brought the
throne try to buy trailer glass on my
fro came on this cold weather Rose she
gets yeah that's fine it's just like an
abundance of trip how do you pick a
trail oh my gosh they're so MIT you
wouldn't think like you think in my head
I'm like let's just go get a trail there
is like hundreds of trailers like how do
you know which one you need oh my gosh
oh my god it man you got it got it you
gotta want it you got commit to it it's
only 2,800
oh that's it
whoa Brett I need you to film we're
doing push-ups on the trailer right now
you got to 29 29 come on you're not
doing it right
all right come on one
three four five six seven eight nine ten
eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen
sixteen seventeen eighteen nineteen
twenty twenty-one twenty-two twenty four
seven three nine
if it held us it'll hold anything yeah
there we go got us work show I got
something we can haul move you know
push-ups on baby you know you can do
your push-ups no I got snow oh oh it's
going down the front baby I miss you
right not now
I miss you ready let's get a snowball on
the snow oh you going for the gusto you
tell me make you want to go gust alright
yeah that's the King colossal that's the
caveman head cracker right there I'll
film it you think oh my god you think
he's gonna make it home you can build a
snowman what about the heads definitely
me gone yeah I got zip ties we can do
zip ties not a zip tie that's a zip tie
what's the odds there yeah I think
that's the best snowman I've ever seen
on the back of a trailer right there see
if he makes it home let us know let us
know it looks like Christmastime I can't
wait til Christmas we're going into
space it's how you get hold fast for one
into hyperspeed put in hyperspeed
you notice no man survived snowman made
it he's a little different color though
look at this we're getting snow again I
didn't think we would I'm excited like I
didn't know we were gonna get I looked
up the weather yesterday said we weren't
getting snow till February and now here
it is look until chase got in the hot
tub it gets in the hot tub just leaves
it wide open chase what are you doing
everybody tell chase thank you for
leaving a hot tub of I bet this nation
let's see what the temperature is more
surprisingly it's a hundred and one it
only started 104 so that's not bad
here's my snow doggie we got some more
snow buddy he's like yeah just let me in
Jane hi buddy what's up low gamer dude
just watching videos I love these guys
plush made it right at home we're just
getting back my little girl zoned out
hey hey hey y'all my kids are in in
technology land I can't even I can't
even get no attention question the only
one that wants me some love him he's
gonna knock me over here you know you
know it's your mom's tire when she puts
- yeah she never puts the - yeah there
you go Cara look out zone she is it's
like magic Cara there's a smile bring
her back I missed it hey give me some
lovin no not the TV not the TV hey not
the TV nothin like slicing a Kiwi no
magical that is they tell me that's not
magic
that's how does it how does it create
itself alright ready little stupid II do
petite boobity ready
I love being my baby baby shark yeah you
guys like Kiwi you like Kiwi mm-hmm why
don't you take a bite it up cereal cane
yeah no but it's a good stuff some
heavies Cheerios some heavy heavy
Cheerios they got real house alright
guys so that is going to be is all wet i
stuff we didn't get much snow that's
about what we got right there it all
went away it just disappear started
melting we got sunshine alright guys I
did it in the vlog last night wow what a
night
I can't even hi I thought Korra was like
kind of done with the the middle of the
night wake up stuff nope nope there's a
long one there's a long night but we're
gonna get today's vlog started is
currently current day at this moment of
the vlog we love you guys so much thanks
for being a part of everything we do we
have a very fun video filming today the
rest of the weekend is all lined up so
we got vlogs rolling out thanks for
helping us keep the streak going and we
will see you tomorrow I'm looking right
at the Sun right now you're beautiful
you're one of a kind smile
you
