what's up my friends how are you I hope
your day is friggin awesome we are
chilling out relaxed and I'm actually
getting a late start to today's vlog I'm
not gonna lie Bret he's already been to
a baby shower today actually I want
twice I gave my second gift this is the
baby shower gifts yeah it's uh handsome
oh my gosh I love this stuff it's not
that it doesn't taste like a horror
movie whoa
bath time bath time so yeah we were
hanging out right now we've got a big
day today because tomorrow is the Atwood
/ Smith / whoever can fit in this house
Easter party tomorrow yeah we got a
sunny day it's but I mean it's been
pouring rain for like three days
straight so yeah I like this one I'm
taking that in the words of Kane me love
you
preheated that baby Britney just ran out
to the store to get last-minute things
we need for this house for the party
tomorrow you know what that means
survival mode we do it best in this
house when we have to survive we survive
of course there's something in there no
no we're not doing anything exciting
today hanging out playing
off the balcony in a spider-man costume
oh you got like the landing spot
No
you guys are so zoned out on your video
games you guys got a no by now you got
to keep your guard up in this house
there surprises around every corner so
move it man
you got a bunny hop I was pretty sweet
alright so I know you guys think I'm
always pranking you and I'm always
joking around and you can't take me that
serious but I'm here to tell you you're
wrong okay now you got to believe me
here I got this new app for grand theft
auto I got to show you so check it out
all you have to do is take a picture of
your car in your garage in a second see
hang on it's gotta be the right the
right position
hang on China I'm trying to make this
work it's gotta be the right photo let's
see here
okay all right that's it I got it
it's gonna work it's totally gonna work
on okay now all you have to do that
that's just so crazy you guys I know
Lewis okay all you have to do is take
your phone that you got the picture of
your car and you hold it up to your ps4
you just got to wait like on a few
seconds does it work
and if you hold it there for about I
don't know ten to thirty seconds it
should appear in your GTA garage you see
our union yeah go into your garage wait
oh there it is it worked
it totally worked it's a different color
though sometimes it doesn't come in the
colors don't match when you take your
face something something about the
contrast or something I don't I don't
know all the details guys but pretty
cool app for a GTA 5 and I'm being dead
serious you know you got you know my
serious face and this is it right here
it got imported the wheels right it got
the they got the wheels right but the
colors will it get that gig got the
color my stuff hey nice Park job rook
you got stuff to carry in boo me you
brought cupcakes cane Cup canes you'd
like this what is that it's a bear you
can eat him eat your baseball or leg
where did you get these what is it
inside from the baby shower
I think it's rice krispies what it's
just just judge judge it's judge that's
chocolate fudge judge I don't want it
I'm trying to quit
wait Happy Easter
we're gonna have did who gave you who
gave you these you you paid for these
not is it it'll look good when you're
done no about right here
I mean does that much to do with Easter
it's written now goes on the front door
or a door I hope I hope none of those
hats while we're having Easter I'm so
glad that you got a bunny
while you were out at the store is that
for you I don't think it is I think it's
for a baby alright guys we've had to
skip through a lot of today's vlog
forgive me boom
coulda took it off toe yeah we've just
had a lot to do to get ready for
tomorrow and and I've been trying to
just record our day not just upload a
video to YouTube but actually record our
days in today's I didn't do too well so
we're preparing for Easter tomorrow but
anyway there's Britt's cutting up all
these veggies and we've got all these
trays for the dips that we finally get
to use we've never got to use all this
stuff this is like chips and salsa maybe
yeah see all this stuff for Christmas
but we're just now getting to use it
what are all these little bowls and
we've never used them well you might be
able to see my last Easter spot there
would be an Easter vlog yeah yeah I also
want to apologize for being completely
unprepared for the giveaway that I
launched yesterday we have added a bunch
of stuff to it likes mom want
merchandise and things that we just
already have but the GoPros are still on
the table everything's good I just I
guess I launched it too early because I
don't know how I'm doing it
but however I'm do it's gonna be fun
it's me cool I'm different I don't want
to just do the scroll on YouTube I don't
know this don't they get too much
you can do your healthy thing over there
because I'm about to indulge and I
friggin everything bagel cream cheese we
gonna play the drums
let's show what's showing
let's show them I don't care if it's
embarrassing you still have all our
suitcases from vacation just laying here
unopened the time has come gotta open
them now we had any laundry for tomorrow
the kids have been run around naked oh
we don't want to know guys but seriously
we're so behind we have so much to do
all the time like I know it seems like a
lot of time we're just sitting around
the house but maybe that's why we have
stuff to do because we sleep you sleep
in here tonight just see in the morning
look at our laundry room oh my god well
I don't know if you need me I'll be in
here working nah for real it just
doesn't stop in this house man is
non-stop this is slate and you know
she's right we don't have two kids
imagine there may be families watching
right now with way more kids and you're
like you got it so easy and then there's
you that don't have any kids and you're
like what are they even talking about
all right guys there's no way for me to
sugarcoat it
I gotta go today I gotta end this vlog
we're just doing things that nobody
wants to see it's alright we have so
much to clean up
my bagel mass that's the best big I've
ever had
we gotta go guys we love you thanks for
the support this will probably the
shortest vlog in the last two weeks
though I've been doing really long vlog
so it'll still be full length in the
blogger world but you know it's all good
we love you guys thanks for the love I
hope you have a wonderful Easter I hope
it was great if you're watching us later
and that's it we'll see you tomorrow
oh okay before I go I know that only my
most loyal viewers on this channel
watched the very end so I'm gonna give
you a hint one of those GoPros will be
giving away on my Instagram one of them
will be so if you don't follow me follow
me on there for a chance to win one of
them I love you guys we will see it
tomorrow
hope you had a great freaking day we
love you smile more one day I'm gonna be
a man I'm gonna be on a grill real
facial hair one day I know it one day
I'm I'm dead until then I think I should
just stay babyface hey what do you think
