what's up guys welcome to day two of our
wonderful family getaway vacation
something like that
you ready play in the water no you're
not allowed in the water today no not
today is that your is that your bird
call okay we just sat down there's only
one family there's only one group at
this whole bar and they'll come up and
recognize us from New York City
what's up guys old friends know you like
Barry live and everything
can we get a picture we yeah dude we'll
get it we'll get a bunch of pics man
super cool no matter where we go we got
supporting people and families hanging
out with us he's got a little hot dog
for lunch are you kidding me
wow this thing's unbelievable
you guys picking out your ass for the
day uh-oh dropping stuff which ones do
you like that's probably your jet ski
from yesterday
man they got them locked up tight today
man jet skis are expensive yeah we're
going after that how cool would that be
out on that rock it's low tide it's the
only way to do it right here that's how
you get it over with
even though it's warm it does feel
colder than yesterday actually what's
the matter daddy is it cold is it cold
why aren't you getting in being the Sun
you just needed a little extra
motivation oh my god harder than I like
no no it's right here
no no no no it's although we have a
GoPro I'm using the actual blog camera
here pretty bad idea but the GoPro is so
quiet with that waterproof case I can't
hardly use the footage okay
hey you like your jet ski there goes the
dolphin let's chase him won't try to go
underwater really you've done it before
no film me I'm gonna do super jet boat
for Caine you ready you better hold on
tight because I'm going fast
man you may want to follow us along hold
on tight that camera ready hold on
what it feels good is it good I want a
drink hmm oh my gosh I could drink that
all day is it good yeah doesn't get much
better than this guys my family palm
tree sunshine ocean pools you know it's
hard to uh it's hard to preach being
positive and smile more when I'm on
these trips because everyone kind of
hates me like yeah it's easy to be happy
when you're on an island but you know
what I push this stuff even when I'm in
the snow even when I'm down even when
I'm happy so no hate man everything's
good everything's great I hope you guys
just as good as none it's really good
today right right
so everyday I got a pause and run up and
get the vlog up sound is just what I do
it's a habit now it's routine I don't
even think about it I just do it yeah I
guess the difference between vlogging
and being a daily vloggers no matter
what you're doing no matter where you're
at you have to figure out a way to get
that vlog up every day is a lot of
dedication it's a lot of I mean at this
point I've been doing it long enough
that I'm even think about it like it's
just become like I said it's part of my
routine but if you're if you're trying
to be a daily vlogger you know don't be
disappointed when you miss a few days
because that's just part of learning how
to get that mindset to just do it every
day it's hard it's it's it actually is
really hard I give anybody that does it
every day a lot of credit it's really
tough that being said I gotta do it
and my vlog camera didn't charge last
night so I'm gonna plug you in right now
when I woke up this morning it was like
leaning out like that
so it wasn't charging so I'm gonna throw
it on while I get the vlog up I'll see
you guys one second but I'm really
worried about this battery I only charge
it for about 10 minutes hopefully it
lasts
I also want to thank everybody that's
showing up at the hotels and and the
people that come up on the beach and
just thank you for being so respectful
around my kids and being so awesome and
loyal to us
it's unbelievable thank you look like
you were breastfeeding oh that's not
ours
hey bud I'm taking a little break
looks pretty unbelievable where's Noah
uh-oh he's replaced me I stopped at a
little store inside the hotel and got
Noah some goggles try these you hungry
hi if he keeps saying he's hungry it's
only been three days since he ate good
is he super cool
ah
yeah I just found this I just found this
phone by the pool man who is this hello
Thaksin oh it's your cousin's phone
what's my phone now good your cousin
just asked if I would call you and say
hi thanks man
she just came out and said this guy
cooked our food today anyone to grab a
pic so you guys want to get a pic Kane's
like nah never
he's a hard-line let's do it I just
follow this path figured it'd be a nice
time to take a walk take a break from
swimming for a minute it's beautiful up
here
and our button broke your piggy back
ride hey do you want a piggyback ride
you're gonna fall asleep here here you
wear the backpack
oh I'll piggyback here Neal just don't
choke me out whoo we all hold your foot
flops keen that looks fun huh no uh a
little kayak
it's crazy can't believe I parked my
boat all the way out there I get this
place this place is magical in that
trash can
it's just bird poop ma let's take a nice
picture right here look at this
that's perfect right for family photo I
know everyone's excited you get my GoPro
I've been really slacking on Instagram
I'm sure you guys have noticed to put up
like one picture in the last two weeks
so a pretty good family photo would be
perfect gonna race me Nanoha you too
tired yeah he's not gonna make it very
long
hey you told me you didn't want a race
hey uh how you won you like the view a
view oh my gosh this is a really cool
spot look at that you think it is
awesome did you wanna go swim down there
is it to rough it throw you around I
would throw me around - it's pretty
brutal where are we going hiking this
little trail whoa whoa you're lucky you
got me as a horse to carry you around
it's a coconut coconut Joe watch it's
gonna splash will do misty are you
flogging good job
well this is one beautiful spot of the
island man it's so peaceful and private
very private I like to actually yeah
bringing lunch down here and be so nice
her buttons broke now this looks like
fun look there's even a couple
hamburgers left with a lot of ants
they're going to town on that bad boy
hey what up max and Maximus what do you
guys up to man
Porto Rico man what's the flag oh nice
that sounds fun
what's up guys why you guys all gated in
well yeah I'd say look at this I tried
to climb over whoo no way and then you
got these doors that pull down in front
of all the that's serious you guys are
ready for a survival either I'm having
deja vu no or you guys are watching
yesterday's vlog it's almost the same
scenario we crash and burn so hard you
guys fill in your brain with you came up
to kind of cool off for a minute dry up
relax shower get ready for dinner we're
gonna have a nice dinner tonight
hopefully you know some bubble gum here
I'll help you oh you don't need help
except for this corner that you're about
to blow your head off in between every
time we come up here in between like
everything I keep plugging this battery
because it's been dead all day do this
mop on my head
we brought no clothes on this island she
brought me three or four of these no
t-shirts and I'm wearing the same hoodie
that I wore all the way through the
airport so I don't feel like it's that
clean it's what happens when we leave
and rush to the airport two three hours
before we're supposed to be there you
guys ready go eat you guys tired they'll
never admit it I gave you a thousand
bags of candy and they would sit
anywhere it's hard
gonna try to find some food we're all
starving I think we went way too long
without food hey good news good news
look I found food there's popcorn yes
ready
not interested Noah it was really nice
to you to buy out the entire restaurant
for us
that was really really nice you I'm
kidding there's just nobody here there's
actually a couple people over there I'm
a little worried actually is it is it
weird that nobody's here
do they know something that we don't
know you look really funny right now
close your eyes
Oh mommy look so attractive bathing
y'all better in your own roll boy
look at the concentration lighting now
you can't even think about anything else
no one's got his own method over here
just dip each piece that's what I do not
the patient section butter I just dip it
just like that
can't get the knife out of your mouth
only my kid will put a knife in his
mouth it's it's a kid safe before you
turn me into child services so I know
you guys know what we ordered I don't
even have to show you well maybe yeah
for me I guess - the most didn't go on
grits I got the ribs of course it's the
barbeque that sucked me in Rome barbecue
King got some spaghetti
mr. sprager hottie no I got custom-made
noodles mac and cheese basically
threatening our steak and potatoes that
our food blog dessert time
oh my gosh you guys gonna be bouncing
off the walls I might get a Snickers bar
man that looks so good what is a twitch
ice bar
nestl√©'s that's probably what are you
get nothing
yeah right I know you're gonna eat mine
that's what you're gonna do I'm gonna
get one canes over there making his own
deals
what are you doing boy so what was your
name email I she works at the little
local store here at the hotel and she
says that everyone's coming in here
looking for us so all the fans come into
the hotel and then they come in here
asking if they've seen us what do you
tell them people are looking for your
arm for your room they're like can we
good sorry is it really good like the
best you've ever had
how's yours good like the best you've
ever had
you guys are easy to please I felt for
the frozen Snickers
not good so them no you're having a
successful vacation when the kids are
too tired even swim I heard it come out
of your mouth no never too tired to swim
but tonight that's all right it's a good
thing man play all day and rest at night
yeah like Kane said you guys have any
good trip so far then they've been
really good you're gonna share we got
even though we did pretty well keeping
the sunscreen on kids got a little red
today especially Noah so we got some
aloe hopefully this stuff soothes
the parents win today we got you we got
you when you weren't even paying
attention you thought you were just out
there you thought you were just playing
having a good time little did you know
yeah I was just knocking you out I don't
think I've ever seen a kid gonna sleep
this fast
Cain is out why get out he's a captain
did you played so hard today man was
that fartin did you getting a little red
around the eyes oh I love you so much
I'm the best kid in the world
I should have blogged it but I put the
that cool hello all ever know the worst
part is we put sunscreen on all day look
at you
worst part is we put sunscreen on and
you look like a cherry we're gonna have
to get better stuff man telling me the
island song is different it's hot
that's piers it just goes right through
you you're definitely cooked medium well
right now like if I ordered you at a
steak house you'd be medium laughs I
love you buddy
sleep great man all right guys the kids
aren't bad I feel bad even turn on the
light Cain is out he's both kids are out
we are actually gonna end it all in
tonight we're gonna watch the roast
tonight we've been waiting on this for a
long time actually yeah we love the
roast all the roasts they're all
hilarious it's just good comedy anyway I
want to thank everybody that has been
showing up at our hotel meeting us at
the beach and just being so respectful
like these trips like show us it like
how amazing you guys are you go every
time anybody comes up it's like we've
known you our whole lives like and you
feel like family when you walk up so
thank you for that and always being so
kind around the kids and it means a lot
to us and it helps us relax a little bit
what else yeah this is people from
everywhere all over the world what out
where are you guys from tell us in the
comments just curious to see where our
viewers are really coming from I know
it's probably
everywhere but I don't know if you have
a second tell us we read through a lot
of stuff so that's it I'm calling right
my battery lights flashing the suckers
getting charged tonight because we're
gonna go we're gonna go we're gonna go
travel tomorrow we're gonna we're gonna
leave this area so we love ya we'll see
you tomorrow
thanks for all of keep a big smile on
your face you're awesome small one Hey
be ready okay
superboost ready
