what's up everybody we are one day away
we're out of here a good way to good way
to put it we taking the kids and leave
it oh hi
out of here are you ready for a good
time
not keen he refuses to smile okay no
smile and what did I tell you you are
headed to just run to the store real
quick little store to grab we're all
like still surviving the sickness Kane's
confident no is calm I'm calm
RIT's the only one as it went down it's
our goal this week is to get her sick we
gotta grab the kids just some little
flip-flops that maybe up extra personal
choice look at you man look at you oh
hell no his hand okay such a good
frickin time to get out of this place
it's been snowing all day well it's been
like fluorine just snow huh daddy's
gonna be both of you oh you're too fast
too furious
try it on he's finally reached that age
where he knows because last year he'd
been like yeah
drop it man you would look so cool he's
already got a tie on
you want a bowtie shirt you guys would
look awesome bow ties ok did you find
them some shorts oh let's focus what
stick to the plan just wear them on your
hands
all right dad you're gonna get kicked
out okay no couple pairs of swim trunks
shirt for Easter I think we're doing
good good imagine wearing this getting
eaten by a shark okay if you guys want
when we got an extra cane we got two now
we got two canes that dresses just the
same so if you want one give me a call
let's get the heck out of here I don't
last very long and clothing stores Oh if
you watch yesterday's vlog that you know
I failed tremendously and getting the
elgato to record the gameplay I just
want to thank everybody that's hit me up
today on Twitter DM me you guys are
incredible like everybody giving me
every type of way to make that work so
thank you for that yeah my sinuses are
so plugged right now so bad
I'm also really where we leave tomorrow
for our trip that I'm so worried about
the internet so worried
I know I put it I just want everyone to
know if there's not a vlog uploaded
you best believe I tried all day to get
it up put it so I'm guessing that will
be ahead but I'm still kind of a little
worried about a little bit but I think
we'll be on
oh I'll see I can't wait to get out of
here
do you like it good job mama it's so
coffee you can sleep on it if you are I
don't know maybe not tonight because we
got to go to vacation tomorrow so it's
Friday we have of course we did pizza on
Fridays when I was growing up my parents
called it pop and party night Friday
nights was poppin party night popcorn
movies pop and party poppin party I
think my parents still used the term pop
and party night so tonight you guys know
we leave tomorrow keep saying it but my
mom and dad are coming over maybe my
brother and his wife and kids are coming
over and we could do a popin party I
guess it's gonna be a nice little yeah
maybe so somebody posted on Twitter like
things for white people and the comment
was just Hawaiian pizza somebody tagged
me yeah because I've been addicted to it
for like the last two weeks yeah exactly
no didn't get pizza he wanted a cheesy
broccoli suit cheddar broccoli right
I'll get it right eventually okay so
without saying where we're going what do
you think the trips gonna be like what
do you want to do
oh that's pretty
what about you what do you think it's
gonna be like what do you want to do
bask in the Sun be a little Lobster yeah
my big bro just got here even though
he's younger than me and better in every
way
we are hanging out gonna play some game
fight I'm gonna be a big family night
tonight
there just yeah call over the controller
no that's awesome that's so deep there's
four pigs under there
really
that's so deep Aldi business
this room gets more attention than he
remember the house
we need we really need to just put a TV
in here the kids can just play on it's
actually pretty comfortable it's the
best place to learn how to juggle
because if you drop just always
practicing
just gonna play up here all night yeah
you guys like the ballroom you want
piggyback ride you ready to go to the
beach no me neither let's just stay home
in the snow you want stay in the snow
yeah okay I'm gonna go cancel the trip
you let me go cancel it okay you just
want me to cancel the trip yeah no I
didn't think so
I thought you were just kidding Wow what
are you working on over here jazz $54 is
what it is all Dale
it doesn't look red no it's because it's
all this did you forget that oh no it's
in there it's a madhouse
this thing's seen some airports this is
good one oh my gosh okay hi just give me
a grocery bag full of swim trunks
all right guys like I have the habit to
do I don't pull my camera out much when
all the family's here I think it's like
I go in to visit mode and family mode
and push your mode yeah you just need
some sleep man porno is like just coming
off of the sickness so I think you're
gonna be perfect by tomorrow
you just and you get some sleep you have
me
can you hug me one one hug daddy's all
he needs
we're gonna have so much fun this week
man sleep perfect have an awesome dream
a little dude it's just not feeling that
good man I'm worried cuz we leave
tomorrow didn't clean the upstairs got
all the trash out though that's good
one kid down one together hey he's got
your suitcase you got everything you
want to take okay well yeah we can take
more stuff in a big suitcase between me
Brit and the kids we have an abundance
of freaking shoes the shoes all these
converse do this
funny thing is you can't tell Noah's
apart from Britney's because no actually
wears the same shoes shut the suit Noah
actually wears the same shoe size that's
Britney right now so these are Noah's
these are Britney's actually notice
they're a little bigger but we literally
have with many converse that's a pretty
much our whole shoe selection that's it
so just trying to organize cleaned up
wha this what you're wearing to the
airport what should I wear forget about
you what's daddy gonna wear
that's so everyone's looking at I got so
many choices girls so many choices guys
like swim trunks so actually I actually
do like both of these these are sweet
that's good yeah what's real good
it's but big starfish that thing that's
an alien my camera won't focus middle
great here is like a star not maybe this
one they're called a starfish or
something yeah there's a perfect star in
the middle of his mouth that's like he's
just like he's got a baby starfish
inside of him hopefully much what still
fit me I gained like half a pound this
year I don't know I know I really like
never oh I don't remember where you at
these I'm ready you should go out and
that snobby Brenda oh don't you jerk you
just got it all over yourself
make a snow angel it's looking great
I just told Brittany to try on another
bathing suits myself they came and
charted snow on look it's just a little
snow blow that's bad okay well it's a
beach day at the house was snow kids
sleep but get out of here
can you put that in the vlog alright put
some clothes on let's get serious we're
gonna have to do it's midnight
it's I know it's late I said edit this
vlog okay now I'm gonna wire it up does
that snow outside my whole butt is wet
so wet but I got alright now that I'm
gonna pump DUP and amped up from the
cold
we uh we told you that Brittany found
this old calendar agenda where she kept
like everything about her meeting me and
meeting Noah and meeting my parents and
it's like a little a little journal so
we thought we'd get it out tonight to
wrap up the vlog for today and just go
over some of the stuff it's pretty it's
pretty funny
holy cow 2008 it's the first time we
started talking time flies and having
fun so this book is literally a
flashback of the very first days that we
met and we talked and it's like the
first four months yeah like the most
little detail things she wrote down that
I never even knew about like this is all
like my car
my van all i had when we met was a work
van a white work van and it broke down
and didn't you know you didn't come no I
was going to but I told you not to yeah
your brother Dale to the rescue always
saved and then like didn't get to see my
wonderful who the heck's that first day
we said I love you what day was that
Friday January 9th January night so it
took November December only a month and
a half up like serious talking before we
said I love you what a lot of you guys
don't know or both the kids are super
shot like Cain on camera like with us
you see him he's crazy wild but in
public when when people come up to us
he's super Shah he usually hide behind
one of us Noah was the exact same way it
took him how long before he talked to
you like not long but I mean like he was
shy so like she wrote down the first
time Noah talked to her because it was
such a he just called you that one girl
yeah is this the one girl and he loved
Indiana Jones and I'd like stack up the
like cushions and he'd run and like flip
into wrong yeah talk to me it was so fun
I'd miss I actually missed that no it
was so little he's like no her cane size
and yeah just the hair order but yeah
you heal up when you came over this what
went sledding with Rowan that's so cute
like you did you kept all this stuff so
crazy this is the first time at your
parents what was parents watch mall cop
movies date of ramen and then the day
before I had a great day with my love
David sis stayed with love that's
because I always stayed with you there
February 8 2006 till 2008 2009 2009 she
has a written fish store so whoever I
was taking you to fish stores even back
and smokey boners
nothing's changed it's still all the
same so when all this is going on all
this stuff I still didn't have my
youtube channel yet that blows my mind
I wonder what day I started my youtube
channel I had the Roman Atwood you are
out like the Roman out with YouTube
channel way before I upload it on it
like I grab the name that's probably a
good idea
but yeah like we worked together a long
time before I started YouTube that's
crazy
February 18th was a big day for us my
van got fix
thanks for writing it down and he's been
trying oh yeah what day did it break
down January 6 Wow
so from January 6th of February 18th my
van was abroad you drove your mom's car
remember what kind of car was that that
was such a catch honey you know your
parents are like wait you knew that far
mmm yes it took me more than a month to
fix my broken van I don't know what you
saw on me no vehicle I knew no career
nothing it's just it's just me I guess
that's it you were just you guy that
page is unbelievable
on March 15 its are four months with me
and then on March 21st this is Roman
films all day man I must have been
starting to film more that was the hit
man that was the sketch that I was in
yeah so really for it's a four months in
I was I was working I must uh I felt so
hard for so long
you didn't fail you just didn't - good
no I was having fun you did yeah I
wasn't that you didn't there's no part
of me like I'm gonna make a career out
of youtube ever that never across my
mom's just fun and then the next week we
went to that film festival together in
Cincinnati yeah there's another one
Roman films rain all day until we still
live in Ohio I gotta go I gotta go I
gotta leave you guys because I gotta
still edit this and we gotta leave
tomorrow a lot of pressure all right I
love you guys thank you for all the love
and support I hope you enjoyed a little
history of Brittany and I I know I did
this is a nice little flashback I
actually missed those times pictures
from that day remember I wore like the
white skirt with the high socks I gotta
go stop all right guys thank you from
the bottom of our hearts for all the
love and support we will see you
tomorrow for our big trip most its miles
of travel will just be traveling but of
course we'll bring you along thanks for
all the likes you guys are amazing we'll
see you tomorrow keep a big smile on
your face we love you
the gentlemen keen Atwood
