ready to blog what is up my friends all
smiles today all positive energy right
all right think only good thoughts okay
take a note of school and I hope that
everyone's having a perfect day
we were both crawling out of bed this
morning
zombies sometimes you'd have a perfect
day I love you see ya guys no matter how
hard it is today to keep a smile on your
face and be positive just try it give it
a try I'm going to start Brittany's day
off with some flowers why not any girl
that can put up with me deserves a
little flowers now and then I think
selection is a little weak today these
are nice I think they say I love you
come on everybody just start out today
happy man I lecture Noah about being
positive and staying happy today
Brittany's gonna wake up to some flowers
cuz I know she's still asleep and Cain
he's always happy alright guys be honest
what did you think of yesterday's vlog
is a lot different than normal I just
filmed kind of like what I'm doing now
I'm kind of filming more of everything
instead of just the highlights
the exciting parts of my day I'm just
I'm just filming everything
I think Britt's gonna be happy she got
some flowers I'm a flower guy myself
like I love fresh flowers in the house
so it works out for her it's kind of a
win-win for both headed home right now
got to get started in the smile more
store a little bit today and get
completely caught up before we head out
of town we're taking the family on
vacation the kids to a surprise location
that I haven't told you guys yet it's
gonna be fun I can't wait to take you hi
buddy
do you want help come here come here
don't go give this to mommy
you like it ma for you
kanga give me five did I think you just
made mommy's day all right got in the
truck and I'm gonna go load up all the
smile more orders taking I haven't taken
the post office for a while we've had a
lot of people help in here but uh it's
my turn today so I'm gonna do it
No
so beyond the vlog Channel and the
pranks and the family life we manage our
smile more store it's a big part of our
lives it's our company and you know a
lot of youtubers not all youtubers but a
lot of them they use third-party
companies to fulfill their orders which
is cool it works but I think a real
special thing about our company is that
we do it by ourselves in our house so
you know that your orders being done by
us and if it's if it's messed up you
know we must stuff so you actually get
to yell at us
when we mess it up but not that does
happen sometimes but not not not we
don't we don't try to do that but no I
think it's a real special thing like me
taking all the orders to the post office
right now and delivering them I think it
adds so much more realism to the company
and I don't know I'm all about doing
things yourself so I don't know for
those of you who want to start a company
here you think it's overwhelming or you
think you need somebody else to make it
happen you really don't you can do it on
your own you can and you know I think
these are just things I was taught
growing up by my family who had their
own business so I think I understand a
little better but I want you to know
that you can do it you can't start your
own business and you can't do it by
yourself I employ a lot of my family
members my hand uncle are there right
now working and you guys know Veronica
or their income comes from the small
more store and you know it gives me and
Brittany work constantly and it's just a
real good thing for the family for our
company and for you guys it's a great
message that we loved
I never try to talk that much in a clip
because it gets a little overwhelming
and repetitive
that's it that's how you do it man not
bad not bad it took me a long time to
figure out that you got to put these in
upside-down because last time I took
them all home they were blowing out in
the corn field some work all right I'm
finally back home checking out the place
we had a shelf blowout this shelf
completely collapsed so I had to put a
new shelf it and it was a mess and the I
guess usually I'm going to build the
shelf so I put them down here but for
some reason on these I put them up this
high so when we move the shelves some of
the legs bent and it just laughs and
look at this I'll show you the legs this
is the legs
that's the bottom of the legs see I've
been down here working I've cut down all
these boxes look at this all those all
of those all of those so we're swearing
up freeing up some space to work and
keep crushing at the store trying
everything caught up and be completely
caught up for when we leave Saturday on
our trip what we have no worries you
just go relax
Britney put her beautiful flowers out
today I love it she just took mom well
grandma you guys know grandma from all
the vlogs to lunch she went out to lunch
with her and me and Kanner's is chilling
we've also put together like two three
four boxes of clothes that were donating
today so yeah we're just doing all kinds
of stuff to get ready for the trip
somebody's going to get it but these
like all clothes that we just don't wear
them they're like nice they're still
good
Kayne daddy's gonna finally get a shower
okay you gonna play your game hey thumbs
up I am finally gonna get second to
myself if you hit me noticed I'm wearing
the exact outfit I wore yesterday as
well you haven't changed I haven't took
a shower I've just been running man
non-stop so I'm gonna finally get a
shower I'll see you guys in a second and
I hope you like yesterday's vlog I tried
to just roll and film more of our lives
just more of what we actually do like
breaking down boxes and stuff like that
so how you doing buddy
not good yeah what you won some right
well good job you just gotta keep
practicing practice makes perfect did
office so much better I look ridiculous
but I feel better I just need to shave I
left my razor in LA and the only razor I
have here has a charger so it's dead so
I'm charging it right now so I'll be
shaving soon soon soon
how was lunch have you been better
you better you're so sick in LA yes
you're coming back to life finally took
two weeks he's been missing you
he keeps asking where you were a puppy
doggy you got a dog in your house he
keeps running the cats come from I know
I found it a couple days ago but I don't
I don't remember it came from mom I feel
like she brought it over all right I'm
gonna go finally do my hair sir ones
that way follow me on the blog trying to
keep your all guys trying to keep it raw
so you can't make fun of me now my hair
looks nothing like Roman Atwood you know
this is the you know I don't know how
many times I get asked this but what
hairspray do I use I never showed you
guys think I'm advertising and I don't
want that it's just I'm gonna show it
the log I'm not getting paid for this
unfortunately but everyone I always
asked me so this is what I've used for a
long time and I know that I'll still get
asked the same question but you know
maybe somebody that wants to now knows
now I start my shaved still a there's so
much to do so little time never a dull
moment man look at this kid wait this
kid you keep me alive boy he's just
always in his own world doing his own
thing
did you're actually tough right now Oh
who's there
mommy's hustlin finding all kinds of
stuff in his laundry room
what's it say anything good what we this
respects Kane was born at Kane was born
at 6:55 p.m. seven pounds 15 ounces I
was born Oh lots of dark hair blue wait
what the same well people thought I'd
look like daddy but had mommy's nose
that's your gun we have one of my good
friends coming over tonight and his wife
always does Britney's hair now well dyes
it in colors in whatever she wants done
to it while me and him hang out I'm
gonna grill some steaks let me grow some
steaks well you have a lot of best
friends a cigar
oh it feels dark in here
haha alright I think just the table
light you're working I was wondering
where you went
you trying to work like Noah you see one
of our chefs collapsed today it
collapsed I tucked me in
Todd tried to move it and I fell so I'd
to put a new shelf in but now we got
fourth shelf schooling that way instead
of the diagonal yeah Britney's mom is
here or doing orders Kane's working
what's up Jeff this is my buddy Jeff you
guys know Jeff and his wife Sierra how
you guys doing I haven't seen you guys
for a long time
last time I was here and we were playing
qui for quo and cards against right in
the car as soon as he gets here it
starts snowing see if I can see it on
the log well there we go say a Pam
commercial it's freaking snowing and
it's never gonna end
pains just walk around showing Jeff
everything but hey Jeff was here making
this video remember he helped us make
the ball prank yeah really
still nightmare I just have a pretty
good read they jumped off it right here
I was born I know yeah now my intranets
company's trying to drop me today
darn you Ohio where do you do this
whitey don't make me leave you
kay loves it it's great for the kids you
can stall your the kids are happy
alright we're still grilling not gonna
stop us you gonna help me come walk in
it run across no with your just your
feet as if you guys don't hear me
complaining about Ohio's weather enough
this is a great example of Ohio because
not always it's snowing right now it's
springtime this is it's supposed to be
like 71 degrees in a couple days two
days so we get snow spring it's just a
hectic mix but all you can do is friggin
smile more that's all you can do and
Grill more and grill more we can cook
more Oh baby she's ready it it's fully
snowing guys holy snow that was point
blank I do I miss the greatest shot ever
custom-made steak for you buddy
thank you very much that thing that
looks so Roman Atwood it looks so good
ours ours are almost done do you want
steak I think you're just being too nice
no doesn't record the joy he's just
indulging
I can't take credit it's definitely all
the cow and the seasoning you like these
pieces yeah Chris Britt's gotta cut hers
up into a thousand little chunk le'ts
ones the mac and cheese gonna be done
I've already done here I'm on my second
half Kane's got a new best friend
freaking deal that sounds so good you
guys no fun bet is my favorite like it
is the other like homemade funfetti this
is just packaged on yeah something like
that but it's delicious amazing so good
oh mylanta wanna see it ready
oh my gosh this sprinkle drawer this
girl has more sprinkles than anybody
I've ever known in my life
you'd be grandma Oh sprinkles oh my god
what'd you do to your hair Britney's
getting hair guys like don't put me on
camera oh I'm not even say nothing this
has just been a night of eating so good
how is it hmm
Britney I think you need some more
sprinkles okay like I don't know
Wow yeah more sprinkles man all right
guys I had fun it was super good seeing
ya
I don't know who was playing Grand Theft
Auto with us tonight but it was freaking
hilarious thanks whoever joined our
rooms we had a blast even though we were
just being ridiculous we're not playing
at all we just it was fun you guys never
give you off this fun game you can't
still be hungry you are king of the
fridge
candy corn dogs you're still eating you
are getting big you know every time you
eat you just keep growing I know
so Jeff Finn's here I left that was a
lot of fun we ended up playing GT I
didn't vlog any of that oh it was
so funny man it's these guys just joined
the rumor we had a blast
no it's pretty orange in pink but how'd
you even get it like look at me it looks
like some type of I've had that you've
crafted huh huh
so I've been trying once again today to
just kind of film more and more of our
day and what we're doing I didn't record
the gameplay I should have done
something that you guys won't laugh so
hard I know it's always cleanup time
it's not bad two of our chairs
officially broke today so now we have
five chairs you see where don't we are
on the last season how many episodes we
have left we're finally on the last
season if you guys watch these vlogs a
while you know we've been addicted to
the show Chuck it's an older show but it
was on that place great show but we're
finally on the last season which is good
and bad because we can finally stop
watching it when we
 but we'll be sad because it's over
alright guys we're gonna call it a night
and cuddle up maybe watch an episode of
this and then pass the freak out thanks
for all the love and support on these
daily videos thanks for coming over to
Twitter checking out the fun facts and I
want to keep that going hopefully once a
day and I want to thank you guys for
always smashing the like button on these
videos I realized I don't even have to
ask you guys to go through the vlogs
today and I was like look how many
friggin likes are on these videos like I
don't how are you guys
thank you for that and that's it yeah
Kayne loves you we will see you tomorrow
guys
thanks for all the support smile more
okay then say bye look at them look at
the camera
