what's up good morning my friends its
Sunday for us and I'm cooking some mean
breakfast and we'll make like a burritos
with eggs and sausage I don't know it's
Sunday I'm gonna try to do something
different today and that is just more of
a raw vlog I'm gonna take you along on
our day for real and try not to cut as
much and just just see how it goes I
don't know maybe you guys like that see
ya cookin breakfast I just uploaded the
vlog from yesterday as I'm cooking so
multitasking Noah and his friend is
still here having some fun no as if you
watched yesterday's vlog you know Noah
got his iPod that he saved up and worked
very hard for I'm very proud of you
good job Brittany and Kane are at a
birthday party with one of her friends
so they'll be back very soon so this is
me and the boys right now mmm I don't
know about you guys but like my sausage
is super done I don't even know my hair
yet today little behind egg time baby
how many you want one eh yeah it's gonna
make a bunch of scramble I'm just
grandpa days I just was trying to get it
off the rim and I just flicked it all
over the floor it looks like bird poop
yeah all right so we've decided against
big burrito breakfast we're just doing a
bunch of scrambled eggs and sauce oh my
god I'm making them no you don't want
mini right me and RJ's gonna kill it
then all right come get what you want
guys you have as much sausage as you
want just don't eat it all
how is it good you guys are you guys
approve hey don't make me look bad on
camera boy see Kane's breakfast is still
on the table
I love it really cook a lot of sausage
bar all mostly crispy yeah just say it's
the best you've ever had you want a
banana
who else eats maple syrup with their
sausage no and I love it you put it on
all our meats like bacon sausage I can
put it on yeah well it's all right yes
you know he's try real hard to make even
though it's these vlogs are just my life
I still I actually try hard to keep them
exciting and not bore you but maybe it's
Sunday maybe we just maybe we just try a
raw day where it's just really the life
of the Atwoods and me and the kids and
Britney and this is what we do I have
already taken shower today but I have
not put anything in my hair so I need to
do that and shave I'm actually having to
start to shave like once a week guys
there's like kids half my age already
growing facial hair and I can still
barely grow at my age so I don't mind my
hey shaving so it works out good for me
and I still get pimples and zits
like teenagers so while it's on my mind
I want to ask you guys if you liked the
fun facts that I've been putting on
Twitter little bit things in my life
I've only put a couple up but I want to
start doing that a lot like like
teaching you guys about my life through
fun facts you know things that I used to
do what was my first car and you know
how old was I when I you know blank and
maybe you guys can help me with things
that you want to know in the comments
and I'll put them on my Twitter as fun
facts I don't know I know this idea and
I enjoy sharing my life with you guys
yeah dude I just got my haircut and it
won't do anything
I think it's cuz I put a beanie on this
morning and ran outside so just like
flatten my hair it doesn't need to be
done
it just doesn't need to be done I'll put
a beanie on glad to see you back did you
have fun how was the birthday party it
was good you got this at the birthday
party yeah can I have one
daddy really wants one I like those
thanks for the kiss you got it buddy
sometimes I gotta use my teeth on these
things there you go nothing wrong ah
okay so we gotta take no sprint home you
ready yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
mommy and we just had eggs and sausage
over set we're set to go grape or
strawberry he always picks red peanut
butter jelly is Caine's favorite food
we'll eat it always always you can't get
him to eat you making peanut butter and
jelly it's all the viewers today that I
was gonna try to just vlog raw you know
just more of our life and our day I'm
not so exciting but more of what we do
like making the peanut butter and jelly
right now I'm taking NOAA's friend home
from and sleep over stuff like that you
ready dude ready get out of this
one-horse town
you don't want to leave I'll be right
back okay thumbs up my hitchhiker my
hitchhiker thumb put your thumb up cane
put your thumb up mommy just go straight
yeah you've got a normal thumb see yours
game I think you got daddy's thumb here
hold it up yeah - straight back I just
think it's from playing video games
pushing the buttons but watch this
alright so we just took knows buddy RJ
back and now we're gonna go pick up his
other buddy Owen and I'm fighting for
time with you right now yeah I did kind
of arrange it for you but it was a
surprise for you that's alright he's
part of our family pretty much so we've
known him since he was born basically
and he's he's always hanging around so
that being said I'm gonna go pick him up
right now and hang out just have some
fun on Sunday so Sunday Funday right are
you happy they're here
I'm so lazy Sunday I mean sitting you're
trying to get the Netflix to work on TV
for a little bit
no Kane wants to watch something is it
working
oh boy oh boy not a lot of action going
on guys I have to fight back okay so I'm
looking for this rooms ridiculous I'm
looking for a photo for my fun facts on
Twitter and I thought a good one would
be my first car
you know what car did I get the very
first program there's a photo in this
house mom Britney seems to think it's in
this closet which is a terrible place
for it terrible I know as soon as I open
this door they're all gonna flow in oh
oh gosh it's gonna break
what what is are you sure
all right there is there is a big box of
photos yes this is uh
well obviously me and know at the beach
it is not in this box but it's a really
cool photo Noah when he was probably
Cain's age or maybe a little younger
he's a pretty good picture me after a
deep-sea fishing trip I don't know what
kind of fish that was it's one of you
guys now
check that out that's pretty cool pic
huh I'm not having much luck with my
photo but I found a really funny picture
Britney in fifth grade like this that's
a little Brit she looks just like Kane
oh my gosh well I can't find this
picture I can't find it but Brittany's
built an entire shelf for Kane's room
since I've been up here you're doing a
good job yeah we can see where you've
blown it all your handyman skills look
how happy the family is I mean you guys
look just like that job buddy hit it
hard
yeah concentrate you did you break it
open well I mean it did break open yeah
but you didn't break it but that's okay
yeah
ghetto cane ghetto ghetto don't take it
mommy's all done good job not done yet
it's like the Supervisory please don't
like what what's with the color better
does it don't they lay flat or no that's
how they lay that's how it goes
wait why do they go all the way through
oh no because you're you're supposed to
put them where the backs are yeah yeah
see there's not backs all over
I got you I got you
you just do your thing you do your thing
mr. muscles
let me see can I love it we got a little
Easter tree this is cool and hanging up
these Trig's gonna good job little man
Danny put one on pink all right I'm
gonna put my birdie where's daddy's oh
he's still two weeks from Easter today
yeah today is two weeks away yeah but
we're just preparing we have a lot of
family coming over on Easter so it'll be
the first year that we really have
hosted Easter ever all right did we last
yeah you're right
you're being really careful where are
you gonna put it that's where it should
go
that's it oh there's the one yeah oh
look right by us right here oh he's cool
he'll clean your fingernails out if you
put your hand in the tank see if his
clam will shut a little bit this is like
our new TV this is where I spend most of
my time just sitting right here in front
of this a bunch of wild animals living
in this house
Brittany's preparing some tacos which
I'm very much looking forward to Chuck
clean up a little bit
I think these guys got into the physical
mommy's making these awesome tacos you
want a corn dog it's not gonna eat tacos
but it's frozen it's hard as a rock
let me see it look don't don't no don't
tell me wait for tumblr or wait for its
unblurred there yeah we got beanie hair
today guys honestly we're beating us
today and I've taken it off and I can't
do anything with my hair it won't it's
forced back and over and before you guys
take screenshots and send it all over
the world I just won't let you know it's
because I had a beanie on all day and
I'm not trying to fix it how's your
corny doggie pretty good missing out on
tacos man that was good ready
the animals need some food come on you
know hard shells or soft shells hard ok
cane wants to try I talked about they
look so good how's it buddy best time in
the world
how is it I should open a Taco Bell and
just call it Taco Bell oh man
let's get your first your first taco on
film did you like it
but you see he liked it so much he wants
the corndog he rubbed his belly like
there's so many different ways to make a
taco but he's making a bowl like a taco
bowl which is a kind of work you're not
oh you're gonna mix it all in that see
there's so many different ways normally
I would make a bowl and then just dip
tortilla chips and what eat it all right
come over there and shove it in your
face I can't decide you put the cheese
on the meat first or the sauce first
she's why when I get the milk we got
some clean platers man everybody ate all
their food just really hard to do in
this house so we're on to oatmeal cream
pies
that's our dessert tonight and it's
gonna be about shower time you're
getting your hair cut
yes you are look they're both shaking
their heads in those showers no haircut
it's gonna happen yours is gonna be
while you're asleep and we're gonna cut
your hair hey do your crop do your eyes
crossing came learn how to cross last
night Nick Eddie look at the tip Joey
gave us look at the tip
he was just doing it by himself and I
looked over it we all looked at
everything's just crossing his eyes
can you cross your eyes oh you're just
doing crazy eye oh my gosh this side is
normal and that is crossed that's good
Mike this ice stays in the middle on
this one baby it's from that one time
and I wasn't even my eyes hey little
cowboy looking good man oh you want with
that don't be a bad guy no kid likes
getting her hair cut yeah Britney's been
cutting his hair for give me five man
you're doing so good give me five
yeah she's gonna cut your ear off uh-oh
here's gone
you're T smart all right I'm a bad
influence I'm gonna go out here reach
reach
do you want a mohawk you like the old
Marquess there or do you want to come to
the side like you've been doing Nene
it's that time I got that bedtime
bedtime sadness Noah hates going to bed
sometimes but you're always good at it
you don't give me that much of a fit
mm-hmm it's usually just that
so you loving your new iPod thing's been
glued to your hands all day what does
that mean that means it's been in your
hands all day well why do you say cans
been glued to my hand all day huh okay
I like your hair let me see it looks
great man I'm gonna slick it over okay
old pop did he already take a bath no no
you just wash your hair okay
we're calling it quits calling today
okay come on turn light off your Noah
come on Andy but you're not going to bed
yet I don't think that's up to you
that's up to me and mommy and you and
Noah gotta feel good tomorrow
that's all he cares about
goodnight little girl when we love you
know he's already asleep
mommy I know anyway get to tuck him in
okay okay
can daddy have a hug
I'll give you a hug daddy I'll give you
a hug here I'll give you a hug daddy
it's opposite hey it act like you're
sleeping ready you're asleep you can't
move it for your sleep don't smile if
you're asleep
don't smile on hey good night I'm up
tomorrow we wake up kisses good night
game night nothing right here this is
the view from Kane's bedroom of the fish
tank
he's get us on a little port hall so
Brittany's gonna finish getting him to
bed he's nowhere even near that mode
where he's ready for sleep so sometimes
it can be a little hectic we are that
being said I hope you enjoyed today's
vlog I really just tried to roll the
camera a little more instead of only
filming exciting things just kind of
filming for you guys so you know in the
end it's better for me to do it this way
because you know in the future I want to
rewatch these with my family and or you
know hopefully down the road I'll be
long gone and my kids can watch these so
the more I film the better it is for
them too so I hope that you guys enjoyed
it I'm not gonna do that every day but
maybe just since it was Sunday and we're
just here at the house why not
that being said I really want to want to
focus on some fun facts on Twitter so
guys follow me on Twitter and comment
here or tweet me what's some fun facts
that you want to know about me I really
want to do that it's fun facts we will
see you tomorrow leave those comments
follow me on Twitter and we will see you
tomorrow keep a big old beautiful smile
on your face your awesome smile mine
never done a launch from outside the
Carson o is gonna help me out and film
for us
