get your little butt in there
traffic traffic trap bag look at all
that traffic what's up my friends if you
watched yesterday's vlog then you know I
crashed pretty hard I got pretty sick
have some kind of head cold my sinuses
everything's still pretty plugged up so
forgive me for how I sound but my body
feels pretty good yeah
strong like a friggin ox I'm like a
trance tours rats if I flex I'll rip my
shirt taking selfies he's taken selfies
selfie
are you getting it he's taking 100 oh
he's not clicking him Oh try again how
you doing
took kick take good care of her man it's
my baby so we've just got to a place
come highly recommended for my good
buddy Kevin Mozie loser Rosa there was
no parking so we were forced to do
ballet on our on our sweet beauty okay
the restaurant is pronounced mode so
remote Somoza or moser with the best
it's definitely traditional places in
real-time
garlic bread actually comes out
mozzarella
tomatoes yeah mommy's pretty good with
crayons huh
is she the best and he a she is the best
that looks great so I'll be the first to
admit we're more used to the I got a
chain pizza restaurant where its
traditional thick crust cheese this is a
lot different for us when two really
really
do you like it what do you think about
me that was pretty good just waiting on
our car huh
we gotta go the kick will go to candy
store
no me no me no me okay please remember
where we park because you know I will
mess it up
I will definitely let us all down I bet
you just start filming where we park so
that I always know are you paying
attention where we're going just like
Daddy
hey look at the sunset okay
you can just barely see the Sun going
down it's pretty cool
told KFA dolls pizza we'd come to the
candy store uh looks like everybody ate
all the pizza three ants jawbreakers
yeah tax crazy
look on his face hold it up if he's
trumpet it's gonna take two hours to
clean up all right
five pounds of gummy bear oh my god we
just ran into this bookstore and I found
a about States and I turned to Ohio I
actually didn't know any of this stuff
well I know the Capitals Columbus is the
rubber capital of the world that's
pretty crazy did you know that
Ohio's beverage is tomato soup humming
tomato juice tomato juice but even still
that's what it says that's what it says
our beverages is tomato tomato juice
should we get this book it's called I
want to be a porn star very old Lego set
it looks on
your finger fit in there oh that's funny
Bonni Bonni I did the worst thing you
could ever do today it's one of the most
for me it's like a pet peeve I forgot
deodorant
what do you think of that you still
think I'm attractive yeah see what this
lady it happens all the time I'm sure
you guys know how'd it happen you forget
the odor and you go out you're like wow
every time maybe it's just me brought
your car lovers check this baby yeah
tell me what it is in the comments okay
so we just got back up and what would do
this Instagram photo for a little while
I didn't come up with the idea seen it
online you probably too but it's not to
be funny to incorporate with my editing
and vlogging my head is so congested but
it's basically like the picture of the
guy like working on his computer and the
girl with her underwear down but the
funny part about this is Brittany will
have underwear but she'll be in our
shorts so only you guys will actually
know that it's completely fake photos
completely rigged it should be fun now I
guess I'm just gonna sit at this table
yeah I'm gonna clean it up huh the black
ones are fine
yeah to Sicily cuz all the pictures sure
look like he's naked and she's pulling
out on the road but really she's
completely clothed and all you do is put
the other way right there okay hold it
okay you could really trick the internet
with this photo is if you shaved the
guy's legs and had the guy do this even
just from the knee up you won't have to
shave anything else I got the nice
studio lighting here it's only the best
only the best for my pictures how's that
yeah as long as they don't tip over on
your head let's just take a couple let's
see what it looks like my problem is
even for Instagram I take so many photos
Britney just love weirdo just we
hopefully we got one I don't I haven't
went through any of them but you can see
how many I have to choose from my as
this the rest of our night right here do
you need help I'm trying to charge you
right hand now you got to plug that into
the wall
I guess shoot you with the giggle gun
what's the giggle gum giggle gun here
stand up stand up
do your karate kick oh yeah show me your
karate and you don't kick the blood so
how you do your grabby Big Show them
yeah did Lori teach you that yeah on
your date all right guys thanks for
hanging out with us today sorry for the
stuffiness is that the slo-mo you gotta
get him you got it all right
let me end it you gonna do that okay
what's in this ready all right yeah all
right
no more punching no more puns I will
block it if you try to punch thanks
again guys for watching and hang out
with us today we will see you tomorrow
and don't forget to smile more you're
gonna do the click say smile more and
then right yeah yeah hi everyone so we
are one of those story Romans not
feeling it at all
