what's up my happy friends I'm starting
the day off a little rough after the
Billy Idol concert last night resorting
to cold coffee and whole cups man I'm
pretty rough not gonna lie I want to hit
this guy I don't want to hit you so one
of my good friends has invited me in to
do one of his YouTube videos today so
I'm headed there to do that I'm like a
zombie I feel bad when my sinus is
everything or bad so I got to shake it
off one thing's for sure the environment
of the city
makes you feel a little more alive son
the trees everything is a little more
alive it makes you feel better like we
just don't have this in Ohio
I mean flowers all over damn this is
bringing back some memories this is
where we filmed the natural born
pranksters movie inside here I was gonna
say it is just bringing back some oh
this is different every comment Joe
Roman so this is dollar this is foo C's
little baby and I had no idea it was
this tiny dude like from the pictures
looks like a dog but in real life it's
like the size of your hand this is how
you know where youtubers right here this
is Monica is in order
Edwards is definitely
yes everybody get up for romance please
have a seat if I'm about to fight foo
C's dad Hey and Romans about to find my
dad to the dead so I'm just gonna get
ugly it's gonna get ugly all right had a
lot of fun with my boy Busey pretty cool
he's working hard on some new stuff
outside of you know the prank world
which I give a lot of respect for
because it's hard to branch out I've
people in a prankster on YouTube I feel
like crap guys I'm getting really
worried that getting something
I headed right now to rocket jump which
is Freddy w's place where I shipped all
the plastic balls to we are working on a
collab as well lots of cool stuff
happening for for all of us for you guys
to making a lot of cool collapse coming
up with new people and new things that I
haven't done either so it should be a
lot of fun and a fun journey again to
come along with we just got the rocket
jump and here is you guys definitely
remember these it's still a lot but
that's definitely not all what is that
I'm gonna get pretty spoiled with these
scion cars can paired to my truck and
the GTR and they I own all every every
car I have a gas guzzler so I'm gonna
get real spoiled with these cars and I'm
getting really worried guys my hand is
like filling not good not good for you
or I and Brittany and Kane are at home
waiting for me and all I can think about
it's just getting under a blanky
snuggling out with all and just fall on
a slave here's a Warner Brothers Warner
Brothers Studios
and I miss you
hey I love you are you gonna go get some
food for daddy you're not are you gonna
get some toys for daddy are you see your
mommy can play together I just got home
just like I told you guys wanna get on
this couch for the blankie and my lip
what I just set the vlog public got a
late start you know I was doing stuff
this morning but I get my spirits up man
I'm coming down really fast
I think Britt's gonna pick me up some
lunch yeah you are yeah you are and then
you're gonna come back and kinda with
Daddy we'll get some hot tea and a movie
this camera is so little see hi everyone
so we are one of those story Romans not
feeling it at all
ready
Rago Thor yeah okay and I just got to
the store we're to get just a few random
things and I gotta get rum and some tea
and maybe some money and all this flow
okay first thing we're getting is a
calendar we um you guys know we have
something going on every single day
especially in like while we're in LA
which I'd do as much as we can because
you know get everything done so we can
go home so I'm just debating on what
calendars gonna be the best for us I
don't think a little one like this is
gonna be good I think it's something we
can like hang on the wall you know a
Roman can we can both like look at every
single day there's a really big one you
think you need a pencil case just
because it's fuzzy
I don't think you need a pencil case put
our soccer game on there and our yoga
your piano lessons I would love for came
to learn how to play the piano it's
always been something that I've always
wanted to learn maybe one day okay let's
find Robinson
for daddy's throw should we get him some
tea
yeah how about well some mothers note
teeth should get a mother softy Wow Oh
brownies yes this will be really good
first throw out a little honey in it
should make him feel a little better
it's okay that I got um well King got
the Marvel superhero Lego game now and
I've been working it so so we can both
play together and beat the levels and
get the guys and all that it's up there
gonna pick up another controller which
one should be it should we get blue or
camel we already have we've this one at
home Oh mommy like for whitewall oh wait
this is PlayStation 3 so it's either the
camo or the white daddy would kill me if
I came home with the PlayStation 3
controller ok so which one camo or white
camo or white I say we do white and then
you can have a black one mommy can have
the white one
Cain is his daddy's favorite songs
daddy's favorite song for sure
Kane did you already open it yeah you
open it yeah all by yourself
yeah you ready to play with me yeah can
you say yeah one more time yeah well I
don't think I'll be hanging out Brittany
and Kane anymore
thank you there buddy buddies on the
PlayStation now I have this massive
breakfast burrito potatoes
quite honestly she in bed right now I
feel awful got some fruit and yogurt
just gotta gotta get going right I gotta
keep moving what you're making in the
kitchen just some broccoli all right bit
too much I just stuffed myself I'm gonna
do what I always do want to say take
back do you have any like bath salts or
anything
zombies don't make me turn those on me
oh yeah I'm good
sorry guys I know this works too
exciting it's too sorry I didn't turn it
down a little bit
oh um cheese hey I'm gonna go take a
bath okay I love you I love you
three that's like my thing like I loved
get made fun of that when I come up to
LA because I guess in the city more
people just take showers but in the
country where I'm from I don't know I
just always taking on that that's what
I'm gonna do right now sorry guys I
don't want to say hey guys I'm
continuing this vlog into the next
morning I took my bath and I passed out
the entire day I've slept all morning
and Brittany and km you know what
they're doing right playing video games
I want to come on in and sit in the vlog
with no ending I am feeling a little
better my sinuses and throat are really
bad but I think I'm gonna be able to get
up in the vlog today so thank you guys
don't kill me we're trying to get on
track here we will see you tomorrow
and don't forget even if you're sick
thus mama love you guys
you
