hello hello my friends how are you hope
your days awesome as always I'm headed
to return the little jellybeans I'm
actually getting used to this car and
I've slowly fallen in love with it
because I can park anywhere and get
anywhere in this city with it but it's
gonna be easier with a Ford or with Kane
I'm gonna miss you baby I'm gonna miss
you
I actually fall in love with this thing
I've just upgraded to the four-door it's
almost the same before doors it's so
much easier for us because we grocery
shop and we got the kids we got you know
we're different lifestyles so we need a
big four-door this is perfect alright
guys so today is Britney's birthday
super exciting believe it or not we're
such a team that we're always side by
side we've never really apart so I
thought today I would sneak off while I
went and got this car and find her look
well
Britt loves exercising running jogging
whatever it is and right now it's like
this she's got her giant iPhone and
she's holding it with earphone ear plugs
and trying to drug her they got these
awesome little iPod nanos it's tiny yeah
and I thought it would fit like right in
our pocket teamed up with like some
wireless earbuds the only problem is
they got all these different colors so I
just text her I just said pick one
purple green blue red white so while I
wait on her response she got me a pair
of these for Christmas
they're like earbuds that are wireless
she's fallen in love with them she likes
him a lot so I'm gonna pair that up with
the iPod and it should be like the
perfect gift ever
so this is awesome guys come on be
honest with me these little nanos are
sweet for exercising teamed up with some
wireless earbuds better freaking smile
better freaking smile so hard to sneak
away like Britt and I are like neck and
neck we're always side by side we're a
team
which makes it really hard to sneak off
and get birthday gifts or presents so
it's literally last second I mean
they're a good boyfriend or a bad
boyfriend
oh okay so I had to run in and get one
more gift from places called Lululemon
not a fan so much I'm not against it I
just don't wear anything in there
Brittany loves it so instead of trying
to find her something that I would think
she would like I just got her a gift
card all right if you guys watch these
vlogs a lot then you know I always get
the opposite of what card I'm supposed
to get so if it's birthday I might get
like happy graduation if it's graduation
I might get happy birthday I always get
something opposite I think it's funner
and funnier that way cuz you always
write what you want to write anyway
brother from sister that might be a
little much about grandpa happy birthday
grandpa yeah all right I think I found
it
you're a teenager now happy sixth
birthday I could just go on all their
movies big third birthday I like this
one a lot for anybody thinking I'm
stupid for this this is way fun of them
being serious I love it
all right so fun some sweet wrapping
paper yeah you had to buy everything to
keep this a secret scissors
a pen to write in the card tape to wrap
the gifts it's funny she's gonna watch
this vlog tomorrow and be like you're
crazy haven't got our funny gift I got
our funny gift yes Barbie plates and Cup
dude what girl doesn't want that no I
think I'm gonna I think I'm gonna put
from Kane on this one cuz it's so cute
and funny my workstations pretty sweet
guys I'm getting everything wrapped it's
so funny you got my little breakfast
here yeah everything you need just
filled out the card I'm really push it
even read this to you but uh here's
here's what I wrote in the car Britt I
love you so much
thank you for standing beside me when I
had nothing thank you for being my best
friend in the world you're truly my best
friend and I can't imagine a day without
you in my life you are my greatest
accomplishment happy sixth birthday
anything from me today take anything
from this blog take this don't take life
so serious you know it's not about the
cost of the gifts or what size to give
this I'll probably get a bigger happier
reaction out of the happy sixth birthday
card and the little princess place to
tell you the truth I mean it's not about
the gift just don't be so serious have
fun with life life is so awesome don't
take it for granted make people happy
and smile and be fun it's it's it's so
much funner than being negative and down
I think so I said hi buddy where's mommy
give that bag to mommy
happy birthday thank you daddy
don't thank me yet birthday girl you're
six now I know that says six but I'm not
sick
oh it was a joke I was just joking
mommy's not six canes like you're six
mommy's not sick six is happy six is fun
six is what you are that's a cool little
bag of it mommy I'll let you keep that
get that one
mommy has her own dishes no more paper
plates so he is right now
I love the princess
yeah they didn't have pink the white I
thought you'd like why yeah yeah what
does that can you look how small it is
it really fits his hand so well this
just came in yeah my brother ingests
Britney some edible arrangements awesome
besides that strawberry it's like
Caine's head
what are they whoa this must be banana
chocolate-covered banana is it hard
let me try one mmm good let's go dude
you guys remember when I filmed my
flashing kids prank we actually filmed a
couple reactions here one was actually
in this little grass area a little
history of the prank channel gonna have
some fun you gonna try to keep up with
me I'm pretty fast well apparently we're
not the only parents that thought
bringing their kid to a park was a good
idea let's go down the big slide come on
you going I said I was gonna put this on
in the first fan I've seen it
one thing's for sure the parks in LA are
a lot different than the parks in Ohio
it's pretty much all concrete and it's
busy
it's gotta run the whole circle keep
going come on come on come on come on
faster faster faster you're not gonna
sleep tonight ah do it again
okay go that way go go go go this dude
is just straight jacking this bike you
just pulled his cutters out leave this
this is in broad daylight just saw on it
right off we win yeah we've just arrived
in Glendale Glendale has a big giant
mall Britney wants to spend her gift
card right away it's beautiful I we just
thought we'd get out a little bit
and conveniently we're hungry and they
happen to have one of the only
restaurants in LA that we love kind of
skip pastor me honor you guys return to
see us eat every day but it's warped
into the mall and they've got these
amazing Lego structures built all over
those are Lego blocks
what's up how are you yes you can hear
how I get my bracelet
this is all made out of Legos it's like
bigger than my house for real cuz
everyone keeps coming up and I'm not
vlogging it so what's up what's up
Starbucks Frank he's fighting there
might be something there let's get a bit
more set come on you want a picture you
guess a smaller you guys a smile already
its mom are you filming
let's do it my mind is blown
these are Legos I can't get over it it's
ridiculous
you got that one that is cool
this could be the fullest one yet
okay it's just gonna knock it all over
Kane I knew you knew it is just do a
hard question hard question see it in
you got to be in the vlog to get a
picture that's the new rule
yeah you're on right now you're live
apply with the why why you see I'll do a
picture let's do it
want me to sign your hat good your mom's
gonna kill me you know that right he's
okay no matter what Frank watch you
watch the print yeah that's cool that's
cool too wrong thank you thank you
tickle buddies yeah I didn't brandy come
here hey hey I found something you
really like do you want this dress
no come on get up
what's your name homie I mean I'm here
if you do this you ready yep Glendale
Linda holy cow I've never had that many
people approach us just going into a
mall I didn't even film half of the
people I felt bad
thank you guys ribbit ribbit ribbit
ribbit ribbit
hey Noah hey doing buddy
we miss you how you doing
say hi Noah we're all thinking about you
like crazy buddy house cool well dude
live it up
have fun I hope you don't have school
tomorrow yeah I miss my boy so much
don't we miss Noah yeah we may had to
run in the store real quick man
so no was pretty much stuck in school in
Ohio he's he can't come out here cuz he
has to go to Ohio which is best for him
but Noah I know you're watching this so
I love you so much buddy we all love you
and miss you and we can't wait to get
home to you all right we're back home
we're gonna have to call it a night yo
round round round got some Lego bikes at
the liquor store the pretty freaking
cool
joget birthday mom all right guys we
gotta go make sure you take a second say
happy birthday to Brittany she is big
number six eight six birthday she's
awesome we love you guys thanks for all
the love and support we will see you
tomorrow and don't forget a little
animal did you have fun yeah
Oh what now I have to carry your wet
butt
see
