what's up friends thanks for uh oh there
we go
seatbelts you already got yours on fire
thanks for coming and watching today we
uh we just got a couple things to do me
and my man here mr. Noah Atwood they
knew the new video of shot which I'm
dying to show you guys is uh it's so
massive that I need external hard drive
to even hold all the footages like seven
or eight cameras against up it's crazy I
gotta get crap for that it's so windy
today it's gonna be hard to film outside
I feel like I'm always in the store
buying crap dude we gotta get it we got
it we gotta get better at this we have a
better this I should already have a hard
drive but I don't I know I have so many
full ones vlogs eat up space big time
every day you're just filling up space
it's crazy
decisions decisions huh yeah this is the
best day ps3 greatest hits 20 bucks no
one skate three are you gonna get it
we got a ps4 and Xbox one and we're
looking at ps3 game this that's how it
goes I guess but maybe not I know we
beat number three yeah it's fun
so since I'm gonna be traveling this
week I got the smallest protective case
I could for my iPhone the things so big
it's like carrying around a refrigerator
in my pocket never in there for me not
too bad
still slick so thing is it's stuck in my
pocket it's huge period it's hard for me
to hold I drop it all the time because
it's so it's too thin it's like awkward
it's like it slips oh I love the phone
but it's just back home Britt made some
delicious hot what are these quesadillas
cheesy chicken Jeff and Sierra hear what
you guys think yesterday I left over
weapons from yesterday I'm still dumping
tons of footage into the computers I
actually had to buy the hard drive today
for that I'm ready to eat and 100 oh and
you missed her pickiest eater on the
planet you got your oranges that you
just peeled all by yourself dude
and he's hot cleaned our little one does
yeah be good you definitely catch up
yeah bro it's my eyebrow you ate all
your corn dogs and all your oranges
your thumb just went all the way up -
all right so we're gonna Bret and I are
gonna take care of this house get it all
straightened up little messy and you
guys want to do a fun project something
fun or you just want to watch George all
night Curious George
you wanna make red red slime okay we'll
make red slime I'll come get you guys in
a minute we gotta clean and get ready
for battle so what are we doing here
making slime we've done this before a
long time ago I want to do it again it's
a blast and super easy to make so if you
guys want to do this we're gonna teach
you tonight I think last time we did it
we only made it but this time we're
gonna show you how to do it and if you
have kids you're definitely gonna want
to do this because it's the best thing
in the world it's the best thing for
adults it's the greatest thing ever
it starts to like turn back into some
old stuff we mean it's still good what
happens if you open it oh yeah it's just
purple almost blue now right who's ready
to make slime no need no need
all right we can all make slime yeah
blue slime and green slime okay so we're
gonna up we're gonna do this for these
guys so it's on what they need that's
all you need this in water all you need
Elmer's blue or else this will make one
whole bag of slime we doubled it last
time what are you doing singles yeah
first thing you're gonna need half a cup
of water
open that glue please
whoa all right that's good that's good
you have to put the whole bottle in and
you can do this with a lot of bottles to
stir it all up really good
one teaspoon of borax you can get this
at any store it's so cheap like that box
I'm like a bazillion bottles of the
slime no it takes one scoop what in the
world are you doing I think last time we
did it we did use hot water on the borax
yeah I think so
maybe the cold water won't so when you
mix the borax use hot water or warm
water it helps it dissolve faster all
right so put your food coloring and you
can pick whatever color you want
no one wants green just two drops check
your colors oh if you like it like that
you just leave it all right let me do
this blue yeah
stir it what's so crazy nari see just
that little drop that's so wild you
figure this crap out do that whoa I
think you're good to add a lot more in
start dumping it
it's you know just start separating whoa
look it's already turning if the mixture
is still sticky to touch and it sticks
keep adding a little more of the borock
slowly not stick to your skin like this
booger
what's it feel like
yeah what's it do it whoa you make your
hand yeah so when you're done you have
the perfect it's like just like the
stuff you buy at the store yeah you just
have to keep it in a ziplock bag and it
will last a month yeah wrap your truck
in it so that is how you make grease
loot Grand Slam any slime actually we
should make like massive like drum of
that stuff enough that you can crawl and
do oh he's so awesome
it wasn't a it would just take a lot of
glue the rest is cheap its water and
that box would do it that would be
enough cuz even that little bit you put
in that spoon we didn't even use half
the water right so that's it enjoy
I can't breathe oh you're thinking that
looks fun hmm the cheapest quickest
entertainment for your kids right here
and it's fun I like I want to make like
ten different colors and do the whole
table after we went and seen those
monster trucks I mean Cain's always
loved him but now he's got even more
understanding for them now the kids are
entertained for a while mm-hm it may
never come out of that kitchen oh she
does any time she has a chance why our
dessert oh alright so we've had to kind
of work into the night a little bit here
I'm cutting funny stories today we're
gonna do the funny story funny story
time oh my stomach hurts tonight so bad
hopefully I don't get that pukey thing
everybody else in this city has they
closed like half of our schools in
Columbus because they're almost puking
throwing up I dodged it I dodged a
bullet so far nothing well your job is
to provide me with a funny one tomorrow
think getting something funny at school
time to put this monster to bed one of
them the other ones still down there
probably Tasmanian Devil in the house my
bestest buddy oh it's been a nice family
day guys with so this is what you do
with this stuff when you're done just
put in a bearing it lasts a long time I
would say at least a month you can just
keep getting it out I love it
it's really silly that I'm even talking
about that stuff right now
Kayne's monster chains Monster Jam
captured singing this he's just sitting
in here like wrong wrong ready for our
big trip what do we have two days I'll
bet you guys are dying to know where
we're going I know I'm ready do anything
flog wise like the first day will be
mostly just flying did you get your
snowshoes dude seriously can't slow it
you got to make them believe we're going
somewhere snowy ready did you um did you
laughing in did you um did you get your
snowshoes today yeah all right let's get
e I also ordered on swimsuit yeah rock
climbing gear yep probably skis a
paddleboard skis and paddleboard answer
scuba gear and snow coat like yeah
yeah we're set we got everything we need
for this then all right guys we're out
of here thanks for hanging out with us
today it was just a great hangout day
with the kids and we have to do some
silly stuff that's what I miss that and
we're just getting ready now we're
leaving out of here Wednesday early
morning so by the time you watch this we
got two days I'm worried about the vlogs
the day we leave because yeah it's me a
lot of flying on the first flight
load on our first stop where do you
think we're don't wherever you think
we're going come on hit me with the
comments I know some of you yes yeah we
already did what I don't know they know
where we're going they're gonna guys
tell me where you think we're going I
may give you a hit tomorrow I love you
we'll see you tomorrow don't forget to
keep a big ol smile on your face
what do you think of yesterday father
the best they have ever had in your
whole life yes so
