Merry Christmas my friends I know it's
Christmas Eve for me but if you're if
you're watching this at the time I
upload it then it is Christmas and I
just want to say Merry Christmas
I hope it's perfect I hope you're with
your family your friends and your happy
man smile it's a beautiful day man you
woke up on Christmas Day what a treat
I'm getting really late start to the
vlog today guys I'm not gonna lie I'm
headed to pick up Noah right now from
his mother so that he can spend
Christmas with his daddy I'm super
pumped about that right we're home baby
hey looks good
homemade homemade apple pie moonshine
tastes like apple pie and this custom
spicy mustard the hey medics cleaning
away get ready for the holidays
get this house back into order like it
used to be not that it's messy but you
know excited for Christmas dude yeah are
you excited I'm freaking excited not
this house my boys been too bad it came
come here you guys remember the vlogger
no it took his hand and he put paint on
it and then put it on the ornament well
they just finished on that's okay let me
see that's adorable I love it this one's
notice right there yeah that is a great
idea yeah if you guys want to make a
little snowman ornaments just paint the
hands grab the ornament and paint on
them I am about to eat one of my
Christmas presents from Britney's mom
got me a couple days ago she got me a
bunch of pizzas for Christmas and I'm
cooking one right meow hey boys boys do
you want some pizza huh
yeah Jane you think you're tough boy you
think you're tough I'll come up here and
get you ten tenten tenten tenten tenten
oh man look at that pizza serve can get
your butt down here right now
get out of here Santa Claus is watching
we got barbecue chips
we got chips and salsa we got ya
tortilla chips barbeque chips chips and
salsa how do you guys like my Christmas
present huh the bass pizza for lunch and
I'm gonna I'm not gonna lie guys for the
next two days probably just gonna be us
chilling at home doing nothing are you
growling about little cat me lots of
playing tomorrow if Santa decides to
stop by this house you don't think you
will do you think Santa's gonna come so
now that the kids are upstairs and they
are busy there's nothing in here
Christon sent me out here Christmas gift
so we can bring them in and get them
wrapped you know the stuff Santa doesn't
bring but there's nothing in your trunk
it's so nasty out it's like opposite of
Christmas it's rainy windy muddy here
it's the most painful cover Oh get some
wd-40 so now we just gotta sort gifts we
got like mom and dad's gifts and family
gifts my brothers yes and some kids
gifts and if you're a parent then I know
that you were up all night wrapping
gifts every year I was I wish Santa
would just come and wrap all this stuff
for us this Conrad's present you know
wrap it
do you enjoy a wrap it for him these are
awesome check them out and you get these
little finger paddles like Rock'em
Sock'em robots but you get to move them
around yeah knock them out I bet when
Conrad opens this tomorrow we can play
with it yeah now you know it's Christmas
time well we got the Christmas movies on
I had to turn the fireplace all this hot
in here Brittany's wrapping tomorrow's
gifts for my brother's kids and we'll be
wrapping all night I'm sure sure of it
but we're going with jingle all the way
one of my favorites it was up between
these for all good movies we got to get
home alone in this collection that's for
sure it's so windy out like this didn't
get it on film
hey guys I think we got a magic carpet
trapped under these propane tanks
this is our night right new trick
Christmas movies and laziness actually
Britney's been wrapping gifts got the
whole pile though we just worked through
the whole movie
that movie was two seconds long
according to this vlog so
Cain Cain listen mister come here are
you ready for tomorrow what an exciting
time man you guys remember being that
young what a dreamy dreamy time I think
mommy's getting cookies ready let's go
check it out hey are you ready for Santa
daddy will rock you boy
well let me turn this TV off like a rock
concert you are you gonna turn it off
that close here this one oh yeah come on
that's what you guys make in guys you
made cookies just for Santa even gets
herself weights in there oh my gosh how
many cookies to Santa yeah - I bet
Cain's new side eats all these cookies
what that's it a bit
I bet candle come on eat all these
cookies twelve twelve reindeer oh my
gosh that's a lot of carrots one each
what if everybody left carrots for Santa
and cookies for the reindeer with the
reindeer get big and fat and Santa would
get fat but what if we reversed the
plates
Santa be looking good next year he
travels all night to take presents all
over the whole world and when he gets
here he needs a snack he's gonna be
hungry duh yeah mm-hmm come here
imagine waking up tomorrow morning
coming out here looking over this rail
did your brain just exploded hopefully
there are presents I hope you were good
this year dude it's all I got to say
give me a monkey yeah shower dude are
you ready for Christmas
yeah really I only waited like 365 days
since the last one I don't know did I
remember being your age it was the most
exciting times of my life
Christmas was hard to sleep it was hard
to eat it was hard to think
what do you want to get for Christmas
what do you hope what are you hoping for
Barbies paint dresses I Love You Man
only time will tell what whatever
happens tomorrow
sleep great you guys you're just mr.
president I will we'll get that done
quick all right guys
forgive me if you were expecting an
exciting vlog today but it doesn't get
any more real than this this is me and
my family this is what we're actually
doing I'm not faking anything here this
is us this is just us at our house doing
our thing we got a lot to do tonight
Britney's trying to get came to sleep
lights still on I just got no in bed and
we all have to do tonight so uh I'll
bring you along hang out with us I wish
I could have got something for my fish
for Christmas what would you get they
put up with a lot around here they get
to witness a lot of stuff Merry
Christmas guys Merry Christmas okay so
we're just sitting here wrapping you
guys remember these I got this trapped
you go from the ceiling all the way down
it's a living room it's the Hot Wheels
track I think I'm more excited my kids
will be about this and that we're almost
done we're just wrapping away oh yeah
exciting to come down a chimney that's
long Dylan he does by God I'm gonna
finally
I mean 31 years come on all right guys I
thought I'd have more for you tonight
but the trees kind of a secret so we
will show you that tomorrow morning when
we wake up for Christmas the kids are
gonna go crazy and merry Christmas to
you guys cuz right now it's Christmas
Merry Christmas we love you thanks for
watching all year we'll see you tomorrow
don't forget smile morning what could
you get with 14 cents I'm trying to get
a nice gift for 14 cents what I mean
this is
