what's up guys it's a nice peaceful
relaxing day at the Atwood residence Kim
what are you doing
locking it up I'm getting ready to take
Noah over to his buddy Owens what do you
know mommy my labor progress
you're late when you're pregnant uh-huh
Britney found the box in the garage
today basically old stuff anything I can
Shawn real quick before we leave there's
a picture no one can this is cute that's
a good picture this is back when you
actually developed photos I don't know
if I can show you guys this should I
show them oh my gosh okay don't laugh
too hard this is a picture of me and
Brittany when we first started dating I
look how did you ever find me attractive
no how did you ever find me attractive
even though it's Sam okay here we go
here we go here we go Wow I look awful
but luckily I'm the type of guy that
laughs at myself so yeah we learn we
learn it's a good picture of Britt and I
when we were first started dating -
after I cut the hair all right guys just
uh I just took Noah - Owens house and
it's just Sunday man for us it's Sunday
I didn't go prank this week so I don't
have anything to upload forgive me
I'm working on it though I got two in
the works that I'm really excited about
it's gonna be more Christmas time but
it's gonna be worth the wait I promise
on that it always is in my mind I uh
we're not doing anything today guys I'm
gonna be honest with you it's Sunday and
we're just chilling so my favorite type
of Sunday is when we really get to just
chill out as a family hang out do our
thing and stuff like that so and
jalapenos
and double Italian dressing I see you I
see you hey
Pig figured you were you know tired of
cooking dinner for one night I thought I
should get us something real good my mom
gave it to me it's got a bunch of
painting a lot of stuff in it pretty
cool how you guys doing oh the tree
looks so nice I love it I think I'm just
gonna keep that up year-round I like it
so much
uh-huh is that normal I can't be the
only one that's sick of it getting dark
at 5:00 5:30 so hey Kane are you sick of
it getting dark so early what is that
apple juice you just had peanut burn
jelly I could have guessed that mr.
peanut butter head and after your body's
made of peanut butter I think I'm juice
box yeah it gets dark so early it sucks
it feels like it's late when it's not
anyway I'm gonna kill a sub time BMT my
favorite macaroni salad you want some
you want to finish that food in your
mouth
oh hey Kane lucky I missed you boy
so is this our night this is our whole
day then this is it we're just gonna
hang out on the couch watch TV and
movies and play games and wrestle and
tickle I think we are okay we won't know
is that Jeff home with Owen yeah what
you guys do late night dressed making me
dizzy do Kane's been running around all
day with this Hulk hand okay come here
what do you think I'm gonna save you
this is Salk it's a saw and Hulk put
together it's soaked
get him salt hey are you going with me
okay let's go
shoes coat that's enough of my man
John's house Jones my Ohio barber this
is the only guy the only barber in Ohio
that I love going through this guy knows
how to cut hair so I'm headed there now
he's gonna do my bust my fro and start
looking fresh I look like a mess don't
matter
yeah yeah thank you you like it leave it
you bug it anyway the best
alright I'm finally back with my man
John he thinks I was cheating on him in
LA I had to dude I can't listen it would
be down to my shoulders if I didn't you
didn't cut hey that's where mine's going
I'm not to start flying you out there
later do my hair round seriously I'm
after you I'm gonna do something I'm
gonna do smile more back in the sides
for a playlist live in February so you
got it you gotta get ready to do that
again yeah all right no be honest did he
mess it up looks good did he mess my
hair up okay it looks fine alright so
this is how I used to have it guys
remember back in the day sorry used to
have it right here in my hair
no it's back back
I try come here let me hug me hug get
that one right look are you rootin
tootin cowboy give me a hug for real I
love you say happy face really happy
happy okay mad
dodged a bullet
you know blow crackers all over my face
you got a talking about this book you
read it again
look at the title Potter wookie is it
what I think it is probably Harry Potter
and a wookie and Chewbacca mixed
together
Chewbacca it is it good hundred sixty
dude that's awesome good for you
is it funny he's actually really small
Oh little hmm that's ridiculous
who comes up with things like this he's
like a mermaid and the person from
Hunger Games and you have to read there
you pick that book sleep great I love
you more than anything in the world
mmm
all right soup great man yeah I love you
you're the best mom in look what I found
upstairs in your old room dude is that
cool
it's a pirate lamp uh-uh
kind of matches your bed you guys look
pretty comfy in that ship I wish it was
a big big enough ship for all of us
alright guys sorry to warp so far into
the night it's almost 1:00 in the
morning and we laid on the couch and
watched Netflix all night so uh sorry
about that I love you guys we'll pick it
up tomorrow cool things are about to
happen I will fill you in on that I just
want to thank you again for watching
this channel has turned into like
something I never thought it would and I
can't thank you guys enough for that
thank you thank you thank you I love you
I'm about to pass out I'm so tired
I will see you tomorrow I'm trying to
make it fun this week I guess some
things planned
so what I'll bring you along I love you
smile more welcome to the farm I'm the
funny farm for for different type of
farm portals and fish and beautiful
things
