what up with you guys today is
officially my big boys 10th birthday the
big 1-0 double digits
how awesome man I'm so glad you're here
in LA with me I can't imagine spending
today without you so happy you're here
this year's birthday is a little
different than normal because we're
kinda on the move I'm here in LA I was
in school in Ohio and so it makes things
a little more difficult so we're gonna
hang out and see what happens just ran
into every kid's dream land toy store
coolest wheels I've ever seen on a bike
they're huge
that is so rad and disparate the biggest
action figures dude like the sons of
Cain get over the graphics on some of
these new games I haven't played video
games forever
do they have segways for kids leave this
that's crazy
Power Wheels saver that's next level
you're too big oh yeah you got it you
got this get in this one this one's
pretty rad I'm not gonna lie I pretty
much want it you just need a big like
duck shell to throw so although it's
Noah's birthday today
he's Manning up and getting King a
birthday present his canes birthday's in
a few days so without destroying the
entire store we're trying to do that
right now so you decide on this truck
he's gonna love it
plus he can take it to the beach and was
genuinely impressed that you didn't get
anything at that store I thought for
sure we went in Cain's birthday's coming
up we're gonna go out and get Kane a
little a little present from Noah so
that when it is Cain's birthday we can
give it to him and no one went through
the whole storm didn't
single thing you're getting too big it's
just getting too big on me I don't know
what Brittany's doing right now we're
gonna make Noah cake okay stuff we got
so Romina no we're out just out I don't
know I think to the toy store or
something so we're gonna make Noah's
birthday cake and I always make each of
the boys cakes every year usually
there's like a theme involved it's like
they want you know like spider-man or
planes or something like that but Noah
said just surprising
so his favorite colors green so I think
I'm just gonna go off of that I'm not
really sure what I'm gonna do so we got
all of our dry ingredients in there
heystop and then are you gonna pour the
water in okay good job okay yeah good
job are you gonna put the egg whites in
okay don't bag whites in there
good job okay we're gonna race Noah's
gotta get to the third floor by the time
I get to the third floor
it's my elevator be coming okay ready
set go
w+ mom oh we've just warped into the big
boy toy store because Noah is grown out
of Toys R Us which is a bummer for me
cuz this stuff gets way more expensive
however just looking around man
since you're 10 now we should start
considering what kind of razor you're
gonna be using for this space I mean
look at me you know I think looks like
it's from the future I use a razor that
cost twenty dollars and I've had it for
like six months mainly because I can
barely even grow facial hair still so
we're gonna make little mini cupcakes
huh yeah all I've gots Halloween
wrappers wow that's gonna finish cooking
we are going to hang okay you're gonna
blog me I'll just do his name really
cool in a different okay whoa what is
that whoa that is a sweet cake you made
that is really cool
can you decorated this one yeah what
it's Noah's birthday today
yours is later let's get it lit up all
right man this is homemade confetti cake
funfetti homemade funfetti you think
it's better than this our good job Britt
yes my am yes my am alright guys we've
worked into the night I kind of put the
camera away for a while and just hung
out with knowing the kids and Britney
ins grandma just kind of took the
evening off forgive me for that I love
you guys I got a huge huge surprise
tomorrow actually a whole surprise for
this entire vlog channel tomorrow so
lots of common lot to come in and come
here did come here come here both of you
yeah me you love me yeah yeah yeah I
love you guys even more I'm getting a
birthday buddy
you're the best you're - you're cool -
cane okay you guys all yes cane do it
that's it both are you gonna do it at
the same time ready getting the screen
okay stay right there
all right guys we love you so much
thanks for the support in love we will
see it tomorrow don't forget to smile
more
