somebody's pulling some pranks today
dude try to catch a bad pregnant they're
trying to catch was pranking burgers
yeah we missed half those cup we didn't
pull our cameras out until they were
almost a long sports car
you guys may notice that today's vlog is
in super duper or high definition
today's the first day that I'm trying
this what is that it's a it's it's it's
kind of awkward it's a bigger camera
yeah but it's bit lenses is amazing it's
so wide it's like you're probably both
in the shot it's like a super
oh come on see your quarter fight no oh
shit it's here I didn't even see it oh
my god would have so much fun on this no
way every day there's new paint added
every day there's new disaster you
should add something what's up Scott
what's up man this is the guy building
the ramp he's killing it he built these
so bad
like this the other ramp wasn't even
here probably an hour he's already got
all that done yeah are you gonna do
something cool meeting time meeting time
I guess we are serious meetings meetings
meetings meeting let's go let's go hey
alright guys believe me when I say this
we just spent four straight hours in an
office and it feels so good to get out
in the sunlight blue skies baby let's
see how our ramp guys doing let's check
on the ramps I don't know if I like this
camera guys to be honest with you I
don't know
is getting work done
she's a blogger you always find yourself
filming everybody no not your
embarrassing bro oh dude just spit it
all the way you're good
go jump it just your friend just trust
me it's almost it's almost nighttime
Scott just finished the ramps dude good
job brother
this guy's the man did I like when work
gets done
Barry you see this this is how the cell
work gets done oh it's my friend it's so
fast you're gonna be up that so fast
just gonna eat so steep I'm put it on
that wall over there and just cruise
back to work that's too tight y'all want
to show I want to show my finger let me
show my viewers this you know I like a
Frankenberry here at the office this is
what Barry brought in to prank me with
today this is nerf gun with tacks
having this much power do you look at
this this is awesome toy Barry I have so
much control here at the office who
wants it
Barry stuff one in my leg today Joker's
really want to have fun make one of
these this looks like a nerf gun yeah
take the darts take the darts and pull
the tips off and put tacks in them
look at that that looks so mean perfect
I didn't give you a proper introduction
man what's your full name
Scott Manning stop Manning this dude is
it's pretty much a legend in the
business you've built somebody some of
the things you've built and who
therefore just Rams for jackass be so
modest just jackass Nitro Circus nothing
big
that's killer dude I'm honored to have a
ram in my building that you built
bitchin thanks so much dude
that's rad either me or Batali's
probably gonna break a bone before you
even start following the movie
that's what I'm riding in tonight
Batali's always a mystery whether we're
gonna make it home or not
yo bro so you know I got a family and
everything right you're gonna take it
easy alright always we gonna get home
safe delegates delegates so embarrassed
when I act like a tourist with my camera
fuck you
when I hate LA bro you just work for you
fucking tick till we get out of our car
for what how many minutes you just ran
in to get food what you give me a ticket
for probably having no front license
plate
yeah no uh no front license plate that's
my second one dude this oh but your car
looks so good with no little friendly
dude it's worth it I just paid another
no license no front license plate I know
I know what I do uh parking garages
garages that will never give me a ticket
no license dude you would never put a
license plate on this car yeah what the
fuck is and you don't put like a drill a
fucking you don't put license plates on
a Lamborghini you just gotta pay the
tickets man Pam pay up
yeah dude Harley Jimmy good day awesome
was keen better today or was your
monster today oh it looks like a monster
he came will you go turn that light on
for daddy
we go turn that light on yeah
thanks dude good job
so our live log I pretty much know I
don't maybe I do maybe I don't
it's hard to tell I've no vlog because
we sat in meetings all day long but now
I'm home it's already late tomorrow we
have our first like photo shoot for the
movie it's it's not a real serious one
it's kind of just for like promotional
things you just purposely fall fall I
don't think I'm gonna film with this
camera to be honest with you guys let me
know it's shaky it's not as smooth as my
old one and it's bulky it doesn't fit my
pocket very easily it's kind of hard to
carry around but I'm sure the quality is
nice we'll see I haven't even got to see
it yet ready you have to look at the
camera if they look at the viewers and
you can't smile if you smile you lose no
smile
okay lost
no jigglin Betty yeah how do you know if
it's recording
all right Kane it's not recording I'm
just goofing off
okay ready straight face like this don't
smile mommy usually always wins a game
no ready yeah straight face sad face
let's do face contest ready sad face
you guys tell us who is the best face
alright guys just kind of work through
the evening getting Kane to bed and
we're gonna go pass out early got such
big day tomorrow
tell me what you think of this vlog I
know it was I know it's a sucky vlog
just because I didn't pull the camera
out much just cameras way too awkward I
don't think I can film with it but uh I
don't even think the quality is that
good I think it's good but it's shaky
like it's meant for a tripod or
something so I don't know if it's meant
to be handheld like this you guys tell
me what you think use this camera or not
tell me in the comments I love you guys
I'll see you tomorrow it's what should
be really fun good flooring for you guys
and as promised I'm gonna try to have
that epic print for your Sunday big
prank not a little prank I love you guys
see you tomorrow
don't forget yep I'll be back into that
yeah it looks just like it yeah he's
ready talents to eat real quick what is
your like it has
