I don't care I've never started the vlog
here and that's a new thing I'm gonna do
I got to start the vlog so silly it
doesn't even make sense but I did it the
other day I saw a lot of comments you
guys like whatever what's up guys
welcome to our day we are not gonna lie
no idea what's going on right now just
got yesterday's vlog Brits chugging some
G feel all these yeah they sent us the
brand new twisted candy flavor which
you're a sucker for candy sucker
what up flash just say hi to everybody
what's up baby
your crazy story about you last night we
thought we'd lost our dog flash he
disappeared for a while but he ended up
being all the way far on the property
and hey guys hey guys
do you want to say hi are you hanging
with Noah she's like escaped escaped
everyone's just chill in their own world
how you feeling how's the eyes I can
relate to your eye problems
believe me tons of excitement going
around the house right now man it is
like it's pretty real right now hey did
you turn the TV off you need me
look it's this one look it's the little
one right there push that one good job
it is straight garbage outside man it is
just that real fall cold looking weather
almost all the Leafs are gone I built a
nice outdoor winter gym I'm kidding
that's not gonna happen all right we're
ready for the new goodies what is that
oh my gosh
okay so look we got another light out
just crazy these things well crazily you
guys know we've had I phone cases
forever and we get requested for the let
me just show you hey you were just all
about it today you were just all about
it now I'm just like Cat Cat
I think this weathers got us all destroy
and man we got guys after like endless
requests we finally got all the Samsung
what are the galaxies are the galaxies I
don't know since uh I only know Apple
yeah yeah pretty much but there's a big
problem back there why this was not on
your link and the Sony's missing no so
that means it wasn't me
okay there's only one person that uses
that and takes my camera equipment
that's you have to be on there so who
you said do it but it's gone we need to
call the part doll Sony's on my desk in
the office in my house on my desk
underground tunnel right okay so we're
doing photos right now for the small
more Samsung S 810 some s8 pluses s 9
plus 9 plus logo multi splatter black
splatter classic logos put these on
there is that what it is an Android yeah
we don't talk about that little thing
and some will get it without well
there's two different same case two
different so style may vary
don't worry about how I like this white
splatters okay if you've been one of
those that are emailing us tweeting us
about the Samsung cases we have a nice
variety now available I'll smile more
doubt on the store yeah yeah no we don't
know but we didn't know so we're gonna
test it up if you guys need it there it
is okay so Mike has brought us some new
samples you guys we always love your
opinions on everything because you know
we just run this ourselves so we'd love
to hear what you guys like flags I've
been wanting flags forever for Flags but
these are like non outdoor flags this is
like hang up on your wall or actually
and then we can do all the different
logos and are in oh okay so flags it's
good it's a grass this aggressive these
are socks oh yeah here you try it
Molly Moni saw crew saw you know I like
the the print is amazing yeah yeah you
stretched it youth should I'd know it
try it on
okay so socks are an option and the one
I'm most excited for that we actually
will have in stock as you're watching
this is oh my god I won't focus pillow
cash it's a pillow cash a knife makes
you look small bro
mumsy mistakes and eisah oh oh I love
that pillowcase man good job Mike oh my
god it's so nice Oh black and white dude
that is so awesome how come you can't
feel like it's just the pillowcase you
can't feel any print it's not printed
it's dyed you don't feel it that's
amazing
love it I literally love this one so
much like that lights your room up oh it
just keeps getting better we need to
have a big smile more pillow fight that
is awesome okay lots to choose from
you're awesome these are amazing I love
the pillows and what size pillows are
these Queen regular full and Queen full
and Queen so pretty much standard pillow
you got pillows you got phone cases you
got pin dude where's the socks at what
we just showed you saw really like we're
working on socks we're working on socks
dude there's nothing there's nothing
better than a really unique pair of
socks really
I love cool socks well if you want to
rock out and get your bedroom full of
smile more pillows and and in galaxy
samsung phone cases that's what since
octa day and we're working on lots of
new stuff pajamas I love it I love it so
many new things coming Christmas bulbs
all right it's just a smile more kind of
day man just check out the site guys if
there's anything you want to see smile
more you know that we we listen to you
guys I feel like it's just been a
growing experience we just watched the
vlog where I announce daily vlog started
like years and years and years ago four
years ago actually and in that vlog it
shows our smile more store in our
basement when we started and it is
hilarious it's amazing but if you get a
chance I'll link that video too if you
guys want to watch X's it is crazy
what's the trick inside out Oh
it's it's very tedious to put a
pillowcase on in my opinion uh-huh if
you just turn the pillowcase inside out
and grab the corners of the pillow oh
right right yeah just hold it down
actually Wow looks so easy stage fright
wrong-o wrong-o right wait for me
sometimes I just want to throw my camera
the autofocus in these cameras these
canons I swear they just go out so fast
last week I turned my camera on it's
pretty much in focus every time now
almost every time I turn on tell it to
the world girl where's mommy go get her
go get her no gonna take the cistern
she's trying
wow that is she gonna take it what say
mom I finally was gonna grab it and you
tricked me you know I'm gonna play your
games let's see what I got to eat today
oh I know it is really good I'm happy to
have it that's it that's it you're gonna
give your mother kiss shouldn't give
anything a kiss give mommy a kiss there
you go baby all sloppy what about daddy
can daddy have a kiss
I'll give daddy a kiss
can I have a kiss what is that can you
point to an apple Cora look at this can
you point to an apple where's the Apple
No is that an apple step step step step
step step step
five thousand places to sleep you choose
the steps I do not need that coffee girl
you are lit is it cold cold brew it's
supposed to be exactly one
later gained mommy's litt right now I
swear like 30 minutes an hour ago she
was like asleep whoa this is my favorite
mood that you're in now cause she's just
so crazy so ridiculous
oh let's go get Pope cases these are
pervy don't ya pokies oh oh my god I'm
going to get them I'm going to get them
I'll be right back what is going on with
you oh the decision though okay if you
if you if you have two pillows what do
you pick do you go with this this smile
stack I absolutely love this you do with
the classic white and black pillow do
you go with the multicolored pillowcases
or do you go with the black with the
classic uh I'm gonna go full color for
Cain's room you know what do you think
is that cool
did I pick the right one for you I
figured you want color
this room's colorful check that one out
which one do you like better let's put a
mom okay Cain's got king-size pillows so
we're gonna try to fit them in here I
think they'll fit they're pretty big
they should fit right you're not gonna
do the inside-out trick boom it's
perfect it's not bad oh okay if you have
a king-size Philip my pop a little not
gonna lie it's made for like regular
Queen either one I think are they the
same I don't know dude I love it I love
it
I think we have a pillow fight pillow
you see them together hop up hop up hop
up hop up I love it it's awesome I love
it gokane
all I'm saying is you might have more of
addiction than I do that's all I'm
saying so I'm not gonna lie guys it's
day nine since my eye surgery and I have
actually last night day eight I started
to see kind of my best I actually was
like okay maybe there's the light like
I'm seeing you know so I got pretty
excited last night going to bed I'm like
tamam and I wake up my eyes are gonna be
good which they were like my eyes have
been pretty good today they're the most
play right now but I think it's cuz I
haven't put my recent eyedrops in so
when they're dry they're low more blurry
but I said that my eyes were better and
then Britt has been trying to influence
me to play video games oh hey every time
we had a second today she's like let's
go play a couple games let's go play a
couple games
I think bad influence them what I mean
forget we get there on your phones now
you don't even need calendars anymore so
this is the last one stop recording it
was uh I'm hitting my button right now
on my camera this whole time it won't
stop recording it looks like you're just
stuck with me it won't stop
these cameras man I'm not gonna cut it
cuz I'm gonna stay here alright push it
push the button what makes your soul
shine you can't believe you put that
picture in there see you do not love
that photo you do not love that photo
look how's my last three photos I tried
to get better ones it looks like you
took it she took that when I was on the
beanbag yesterday and yesterday's vlog
when we were out there playing in the
with the kids look at the Wonder core
her hands in one of them yeah but that's
cool mrs. Cora everything she does it's
cool and then there's my man
all right working out to my office guys
day nine not a single video game for
nine days guys my eyes are starting to
get it I'm not gonna lie it's not
perfect but no joke Brit has asked me
for like the last four days like 20
times a day
you play couple round so you play a
couple games that's what I'm doing we're
legit and I'll play some games for the
rest of the night and I don't know kind
of celebrate the idea that my eyes are
it's hard to still read though on the
lives but I drops into some are watery
okay I love you guys thank you so much
for being a part of whatever we upload
today is not much of a vlog it's more of
us getting small more merch sharing that
with you guys
expanding our business and just goofing
off I love you guys thank you so much
you are beautiful
Oh tell me which of your what is your
favorite product that we got today and
what is do you want the flags do you
want the size we're growing this
business with you like we've we've grown
this business from zero to where we are
now with you so we are completely open
to everything you guys have I honestly
want to run a contest for the next smile
more sure with you guys like you guys
design it and the winner gets like a
grand prize or something that's an idea
hat I'm not gonna do that yet or
announce it like please don't make
anything yet until I announce it yeah
love you guys beautiful you're one of a
kind smile more
you
