what up what up guys how are you I am
getting a late start actually Cain and I
oh this is psyching you guys ever met
shaking we are headed to get Noah from
school I yeah we I spent all morning
getting up yesterday's vlog the mail
vlog took forever to edit so I'm just
now getting started today and I left my
razors in LA so I'm gonna start looking
really bad for you yeah hey buddy how
you doing
so today's kind of a boy's day and it's
just us no girls no girls in the whole
house this is what happens when
Brittany's not home it's peanut butter
and jelly hot dogs chips Doritos
whatever I can make that's what we I
would eat cereal breakfast lunch and
dinner if it was up to me it's like my
meal I'll eat it all day every day it's
my favorite just trying to figure out
how a few boys can have fun out here in
the open you wanna take a ride canes
driving us dude
we scared
hey I think I go I think I got something
in the house that we can play with I
don't know what it is let's see if I
have it I don't remember I bought it a
long time ago we never took it out I
bought this a long time ago didn't
forgot I had it until now
it's one of these giant styrofoam planes
it's a giant airplane see if I build it
right ready you want to try to throw it
it's big no you won't try yeah we need
we need a little weight in the back but
the trick to these sometimes is you need
to tape a penny on the back I don't know
maybe if you're into these styrofoam
it's you have a better trick but I know
we always tape the penny and usually
work really well let me just tape it up
here all right let's see if that let's
see if that does the trick
it is a little bitter I think we need
the quarter you guys like my new shirt
this is the new fashion design I'm going
with it's the it's the RIP collar I
think I think it's gonna trend not bad
all right as a fun little trip yep yep
yep all right guys I've been catching a
lot of flat from my longtime viewers
they know before I went to LA I put in a
300 gallon saltwater tank in my house
and I'm in kitchen flight because I
haven't showed you guys really the tank
so I would like to take you on a quick
relaxing video of my aquarium
okay are you my new cameraman you're
just trying to reach the camera mom's
back would you get some books so Brent
went out with her mom got a nice dinner
and yeah alright guys as usual I've
worked into the night the kids are
asleep Gilroy just got here and we're
gonna dude you just drop a meal cream
pie
I'm gonna pick it up with your ace we
are gonna do some I'll make a Michael
oh man goal I'm a go okay chase is he
wants to do some angle so we're gonna do
it everyone's been dying to talk to us
believe it or not that is so we're gonna
talk that is surprising yeah this is how
you make extensions right here open up
the drawer baby this is such an adequate
workspace I know I know I wish I had the
we want the outlets in the middle dude
just let's just drill a hole and put on
ones there all right we've just posted
out that we're jumping on a mango for a
little bit too small more shirts too
Oh yep are you at the hospital
yo I like your shirt bro smile more baby
Omega love inception I'm gonna miss out
on most of the session because my
camera's already dead but I'm gonna plug
it in right now and hopefully get some
I'll see you in one second
rollin over the new iPhones coming out
every time and I an Apple product comes
out chases like literally melting at the
mouth and why I want to know why did
they not call it I wash what's it called
Apple watch rusty now all right I'll see
you later we're wrapping it up you know
I wear this today just for the vlog cuz
I knew everybody would be like look at
the whole it 103 now for real
I wear holy collars baby it's holy all
right guys I've been in the vlog because
I'm getting delirious I love you it's
like 1:00 in the morning we gotta call
it quits I hope you enjoyed today it was
it was a much-needed day with the boys
Britney hang out with her mother which
was much needed for her I guess really
love you we will see tomorrow thanks
again and keep smiling you're beautiful
smart
what's up guys good morning I hope
you're having a great day Brittany and
Jeff's made homemade all Jess maybes no
credit to you
