what up what up guys I really hate to
start the vlog out like this but I just
did one of the hardest things that a
father has to do and that's sin Noah
back to Ohio for school all right new
group hug group hug I love you guys I
love you dude
have fun with them okay get home safe
take care of the place love you
mmm-hmm love you guys
his mother is making him come home so I
had to send him home my mom and dad flew
home with them which made it extremely
nice I know a lot of you can't relate to
this cuz you don't have kids or you know
what not but as a dad it's one of the
hardest things I've ever had to do is
not be with Noah everyday so I turn my
head off
oh my gosh you're making a little girl
it's the noodle poop and I love you yeah
gotta go
all right guys it's time to get some
work done done being mopey let's get
some energy I got to do it why did I
fall for this why did I fall for these
what am i doing
all right I just got what's not did you
guys ready Rock we are shooting a music
video yeah
to celebrate Alex's hundred thousand
subscribers which dude Congrats
then you should be awesome and I've had
a 1 redbull so I'm ready to go so I'm
sitting here at ant digital studios and
we're about to bust some rhymes real
good wash man style we're gonna be
shooting this video for a long time I'm
about to do my part I get to be in this
video I'm excited yeah you through and
through yeah yeah been yeah I've watched
Malibu's Most Wanted I know what's up so
every rappers got to have a dog what up
dude give me five give me five good boy
good boy yes good boy you're such a good
dog
alright so we just made a quick run to
find a more official outfit for gangsta
rapper like myself to be wearing in this
hot
let's just eat it it almost fell off
that curb now we're trying to find an
outfit to wear so the video looks a
little more authentic you're so hardcore
bro so hardcore look at this place dude
and after me we're gonna get balloon in
well I failed miserably at finding an
outfit how about you I am sick pretty
pretty sing outfit got like a nice
leathery tank top never had a flat brim
hat and you'll see why wouldn't you
watch the video I just got more a lot of
tank tops I'm just gonna be mean not
anything different this is gonna be me
all right we're about to bust some
sick-ass ROG right here for you showing
the chest the must the mustache
it's a brawl dude oh it's a mustache bro
oh yeah
we're officially ready did you look so
good
all right let's do a custom custom dolly
system it's gonna be on the skateboard
and Brent is just gonna pull him back
pull him yes yes that's how you do it
and then I'm gonna be busting my rhymes
we should probably start like here in
the hall at 20 get rid of focus just
come all the way out and just come
closer on the gangsta prankster
the we're shooting the breastfeeding
scene oh you - yeah his head will be
okay all right we're rolling in three
two you're gonna have to really over
exaggerate beard oh yeah I'm not belong
in the rep this wrapping this wrapping
don't belong in this rap game alright
we're just about to wrap up with a
surprise this amazing baby's like yeah
yeah yeah all right you got this one day
got one okay I'm just put pressure no
pressure okay
okay I'm going under everybody hold on
your password how am I gonna know when
to come up bro I'm gonna do that
laughing you hit the tongue no I think
you had to say stop when you say
surprise hit the club you know just go
surprise expected say it loud you can
hear me okay yeah that'll be the only
thing I say I love when I come up one
surprise like I'm gonna do like play
remixes
don't you want you taking a booth and
hey look surprise
look surprise I think that's probably
good all right oh using video the things
that we do for you 200,000 what a fuckin
subscribe alright so this is what I look
like when I get out of the bathtub I
can't believe I'm going public like this
it's so embarrassing isn't it just say
it
I just took a bath with roman outlet
yeah it's pretty bad - we're gonna go
find some food we're hungry I don't
really think we've eaten today I don't
remember if I've eaten today
God nothing don't even nothing can you
shake up my dick hey guys thanks for
watching today that's all I got for you
I'm gonna I'm headed home it's midnight
and I'm gonna get some sleep I love you
I hope you had a great day thanks for
coming along with me and see you
tomorrow I love you
keep smiling smile more these girls are
killing it on these boards
