my name is Alex moose weeks and I
attended Mill Tennessee State University
and I am mostly known for those high
budget here will be here we go
51 vlogs we beat 50 no I beat your
challenge and I raised you vlogs that's
what happens what's the new trend don't
challenge me no more I just did the
Christmas 100 it wasn't a cane it was
tough but we did it we did it as a team
almost now you're 51
how about 49 more in European country
only 49 it sounds better than 50 like
when you say 49 we can do 100 100 blocks
straight we've done it before why can we
do it now anyway guys welcome to the
vault we have a today's gonna be a lot
different than it has been the last few
days because we're not the house we've
been invited to the globetrotters game
tonight which none of us have ever been
to
I'm so so pumped you know what this is
have you ever seen anything no I are you
cross-eyed right now are you cross
arcane we're going to go trotters game
which should be amazing I can say it's a
it's a big comedy basketball show so I'm
pumped anything all of us out as a
family all of us are going so should be
a lot of fun we're headed there now got
a late start to today we woke up with no
heat in the house no heat was freezing
cold and we had a propane leak record we
had to leave our house today I should
have fought I didn't vlog it and I
should have and I would have been it was
kind of frustrating so the vlog may have
been a little negative
it was pretty hard baby Cora was cold
and we had to tend to our norm or like
off-camera life you were cold okay don't
tell them that I'm a good parent I kept
you warm enjoying every second of the
cold yeah you like well that's cool you
can see my sign so uh thanks for being
here guys thanks for sharing these with
friends and families let's head to this
game and I'm sure it's gonna be a really
interesting night fun times let's go
filing through filing through you
excited excited go we back back in the
back this is cool yeah I wouldn't let
these guys through I definitely won't
let these guys through especially don't
want hey you decided boy yeah this is
gonna be oh oh
we got the ladies in the house guys nice
that's cool right you get a custom badge
custom
well looks like a one-shot yeah signs of
the jacket
he's getting carried away got that
new-car hard boy no oh that's cool put
it on look this is what gets you in do
we going down the Scooby Doo way right
here I don't know what's at the bottom
of this tunnel came so our man brought
us back here and he's like you guys want
to just wait here we'll bring all the
way back to this house like you guys
better be on your toes that's your I
attended Mill Tennessee State University
and I am mostly known for those high
oh this is cool wow this is awesome
as I could be it could be his little
basketball me we're here this is cool
you know that could have been you guys I
could have been your head
yo what you guys think it's pretty cool
it's pretty fun also really it was cool
man it's like watching there's just so
much going on but it's like watching a
movie like watching a movie super fun
time with the fam here right right and I
tried to like film stuff but there's
just so much going on terrible oh hang
on to something
what was that and I work oh wow it's
cool baby
where'd you get those all let me know
think Jim anyway there's their bus
that's cool right
let me cone now mine Cowboys butts drive
me nuts see you Brian up on in Renton
hey see buddy
okay so I was just about to say look at
the city we're leaving I headed back
home and I got to say that was really
guess turday
while we're out playing on the pond the
that actual the Globetrotters hit us up
and invited us all to the game and I had
no it was complete surprise they gave us
that suite that box that was
unbelievable dude we all headed home
right now and all right doing a little
family challenge on Royce guys you guys
have seen this in the vlogs before we
played it as a challenge you guys have
taken the challenge who can beat us I'm
not that good I'm just gonna admit it
openly but we're gonna take a little
challenge here so let's play it you pick
the level you pick the level but if the
new Christmas everything's about the new
Christmas Maps
okay you can make it to Santa Claus
that's all right let's do the basketball
one that makes sense cause we had a
basketball game today let's see it mama
let's see a mama okay all right she got
the moves she got the oh oh you're just
going straight oh you would have made
the basket you can make it in the basket
you can beat mommy okay that's it you're
pretty good cane is really good at these
games so I want me surprised oh my gosh
get it boy in the hoop yes that's right
I'll get 20 yeah well did it 11 12 13 14
in the hoop you do the music in this
game is awesome 22 23 no we just beat
you all oh that was 43% did 43 is the
wind you just think I'm playing is for
fun different hands and it's like a
professional like plus percentage I
thought those clear ones like fall
through or something
you don't owe what no one no B everybody
these guys have been with us for a very
long time their games are free and I'll
post it in the link in the description
if you don't have the game get it it's
free if you do have the game updated
because they got all the new Christmas
maps the snow maps so it's kind of fun
different new it's a highly addictive
game it is very fun and like I said
these guys been with this channel for a
long time so if you can give them some
love hit that link get the game on on
your phone and play it with your friends
and family is extremely addictive and
the music rocks so it's a fun game the
hot tub the hot tub have you been in the
hot tub really okay let's go what's good
this is your I know thank you oh where
are we talking now we're talking about
your getting a hot tub so hot tubs in
the winter are absolutely amazing but
it's brutal like I'm still in a hoodie
and dance so frigid when you get into
just swim trunks it is like the worst
roll it is it's the lime green machine
so we have a little alone time doesn't
happen too often lately was being
horrible I feel like it's super fun
like Hulk right now the lights are going
you only change it okay what color you
want great again red Oh Moo
oh hey you turn that Oh got my camera
wet it's gonna freeze so if you've ever
been in a hot tub during the winter you
freeze basically anything above the
water is frozen like this is hard of
like hard ice and the top of my hair I
got mine all wet so that I could go in
for the kids or the ice the front yeah
the front was completely frozen
so basically when you're out in zero
degree weather everything wet just turns
to ice it's crazy and it's so hot in
here I love this hot tub the best thing
then anything we can get you guys notice
a lot of things we do get always brings
the family together like me and the kit
we've been out in this thing so much
together
it's like just always things to bring us
as a family even closer or like to play
on or do or it's always snowing I'll be
sick Snow's gonna be fun all around like
we're all waiting on small go frozen if
I run that I have been too long
it's president during an inch a day on
the palm one inch day so yesterday
before it was two inches today it was
three inches tomorrow will be four
inches thick
basically we're drilling it out each day
so we can see how deep the ice is
there'll be four inches tomorrow that's
yeah get 36 inches of ice you can put a
hundred and ten tons on the ice ice
frozen depth ratios I yelled at you came
inside oh it was such a loud yell I
called you that I work what's the I word
idiot I can feel it oh there's our timer
yep means we've already been in here too
long I'm gonna walking when I can't I
just stuck doing look at all these sleds
in the living room okay guys sure thank
you so much for hanging out with us
today we had a wonderful time just
together as a family Britton and I got a
little time to ourselves and we're just
we're calling that day we could skip a
some time and I just want to say thanks
again we're on fifty growths such a good
streak I'm proud of it Cora's getting
older so it's get a little easier for us
to you know do things and me and Britt
be together and and just like the baby
is not so tedious it's still very baby
life but I can see the light like course
she's coming to life like she's able to
like entertain herself a little bit more
and just I don't know be on her own for
a few minutes so that we can you know
get a little work done on camera or off
camera it's just nice to be able to like
I don't know get things done that we
need to get done so thank you guys so
much for being part of our day our life
everything we do exciting boring short
long you're always here thank you so
much especially if you're at the end I
know I'm talking to you you are the one
that's always here so thank you for that
that being said we're gonna call it a
day get a fresh start tomorrow and it's
all I got
don't forget that the game will be
linked in the top of my description
check the game out it's awesome it's a
fun addictive family game we love you
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile more
you
