welcome to the vlog guys welcome it is
day 26 maybe 25 have lost track of the
daily vlogs but it's awesome man I'm so
pumped to be doing this it feels good it
keeps me on track chair that trash can I
had to have I paid way too much for that
trash can the daily vlogs have kept me
as a person on track it gives me a
schedule I swear when I quit blogging I
couldn't tell you what day I couldn't
tell you if it's Tuesday or Saturday it
made me lazy I had no real daily goal
vlogging is like my nine-to-five it
keeps me like gonna wake up gonna make
that video just keeps me going guys I
hope you got something keeps you going
I'm telling you everybody wants to get
to where you don't have anything to do
but once you get there this is boring
man it's not what you want I promise I
started go crazy and I'm I'm very
thankful be right here with you guys I
just posted the vlog now I tell you you
guys think I'm up you really do really
do I'm kidding it's not the way it went
but thanks for watching yesterday's vlog
let me show you what we're doing
she's barking dudes up I'm sorry I'm
coming in with a little a little hot
energy like we've been out digging and
shovel and flattening riding dirt bikes
driving the cat digging shovel again
come on vision if you're new to the
channel laser surgery equals blurry eyes
day 8 still blurry still ghetto wear
sunglasses I gotta get this I told
everybody that I was going to get this
quad this quad works really well for
flattening dirt it just doesn't get the
fire that looks fun it's on the trickle
it's getting cold out so everything dies
fast come on I can't get started plus I
just jammed the starter peg into the it
won't come back at right okay in case I
didn't say you guys are having an
awesome day we are we show you Jimmy
we are we're working on a fun pump track
for the bikes not the dirt bike well you
can ride the dirt bikes working on a fun
pump track right now you know I got a
good idea
why don't we do this before it's about
the snow so dumb man I don't know I woke
up and I was like why don't we have a
pump track for the kids they've been on
their bikes like every day I need to
wear them out I'm using the dirt bike to
kind of pack the jump and yeah that's
what we're done we've been doing for
like a solid 27 minutes or so you
dropping off that hill you come rolling
up you have multiple options you can go
low little pump-action little table we
can go long table randon in there yeah
did you drop in hit another table
winning it in and in there and then blah
blah blah we have a bunch we're gonna
put a little pumps here then you're
gonna hit this berm
ran in and then in there and then a wham
bam some more jumps send it more Hill
Keener's out here helping us pack and
build flashes out here hey you want to
say hi come on I'm gonna say it just say
it oh now you're gonna get shot there
you go that's for you guys
Brian's out on the cat stealing dirt
from over there yeah I don't know this
is just gonna be so fun man little hoop
did he hope that he whoo why don't we do
this in the summer an oasis is 40
degrees that this is bogus I'm so
jealous
dump it on oh my god I've no idea what
Brian oh he didn't he almost ate he's
going oh yeah it's so satisfying dirt
power shovels actually it did everybody
just in time get to digging gonna be all
over them berms give me all over them
Love Bug burns look at flashes like yo
amp I noticed you got a new friend
Brittany just sex pieces I need you guys
in the basement here we are
no it's just in time get to carry
something probably Hey all right baby
what are you doing sweetie you see all
the mud they're muddy boots guess who's
there no uh it's again I'm good oh you
want some daddy time today yesterday she
wanted nothing to do with me nothing to
do with anybody but brick huh are you
serious
but you're giving away the punching bag
maybe I use that all the time
okay we're gonna I'm gonna okay okay we
only have a lot of daylight left so
we're gonna use that outside hey you
won't say hi see hi my big man all right
it's a crazy house over here today we're
off you're digging dirt digging in the
basement hey sup c'mere c'mere I need
love are you serious is he in the Sarah
I think you better be mmm oh you smell
like smell like man it's not like a man
ghost Nova I think or likes me you give
me high five boom
Oh give me high-five whoa dude it looks
cool down here it looks nice right here
until you look up you see the ceiling
but yeah it looks nice all right we're
gonna go finish up yo come here no come
back from a commercial look through that
hole yeah
Chuck's asleep and that's nitro caite
new kids are weird so here's something
you'll never use again whatever just cuz
I blew my back out don't touch daddy's
mud you won't touch it
look she threw her binky and everything
buddy well now that we've spent almost
the entire outside shoveling digging
building was awesome this one but hey
what are you doing nice to see you're
not crying in town today tit miss man
one day she's woo one day she's all
daddy
one day she's all mommy she just takes
her pick my gosh what are you doing take
a shower you lucky ducky okay burn up
sometime guys it's getting dark out
she's got everything put away actually
is darkness it's so early - Oh winter
yeah I spent a lot of times everything
we're doing excuse-excuse but we're
inside now feeling good I'm filthy
I'm muddy muddy that's almost been your
position the entire like today I feel
like every tars logging in the base that
you're sitting like this so explain this
how does this work how does this work
mom
so smiley face everyday the week on your
chart you get to open that and how are
you doing on your smiley faces you got
one every day so you don't get to open
this on Friday oh man I bet there's
probably no no come on there's got to be
something amazing in that box probably
unicorns that fart rainbows quarter once
put something in the box oh that's
disappointing hi baby
bringing me the planner a plan yeah it's
magic box there's nothing in it until
Friday because you lost your sticker
cane it disappeared I am starting to see
the light let's put them eyedrops in I
helped so much with my vision I mean
everything's still kind of doubled but
definitely seeing some oh my gosh look
at this really looks like a dentist
office in here Brett got a haircut today
guys but not the way I should have
presented it to you but dude you're
living the life boy you kidding me you
eating ice cream on a hoverboard welcome
to the future oh my explaining this to
you guys but I got a haircut today no
more beating you all day so this is this
is me right now they need to build
trailers for those things you can just
pull all your crap around they're
powerful like the motor is intimate like
spring I don't want you to be in any
other I'm saving my day for Thanksgiving
and I'm having a whole day hey I'll join
you I've had a single thing outside your
meal plan for this is my third day all
right and I'm I'm angry I'm hangry this
is a shake with blueberries mixed in
it's just skinning I don't know what's
in it it's not that bad
you look like a freakin what's your deal
you slept 30 minutes no no joke I got
the camera out because he beat me so
many where how many times was it in a
row six like literally six times and I
was like I gotta film this you're
beating me every now and then it's
another camera ready why I can't see you
guys where did you go
Clara gained weight we should lose it
you must joke to myself ready you want
me to do it yeah I put a hair and sweat
hey Korra core where are you core she
wants to do know it's because I have
metal eyes the magnet sticks yeah that's
why they stick see oh yeah I got new
metal eyes dude what do you think the
magnets that wise it's a magnet you have
to have eyes are you ready for the
ultimate test you won't do it again I
think that's yeah say yeah no say it
see ya with your mouth yeah but see say
yeah alright I guess that'll work
are you gonna eat your apples my whole
snack oh yeah wait you're not eating the
peel should I yeah I do like the peel
that's where all their nutrition zat is
in the skin I like the peel oh yeah oh
okay oh good okay so I get an apple with
this little exact proportion amount of
peanut butter which I'm not complaining
yeah it's good so what have you eaten
today you have had your eggs yet the
right spot baby did you have eggs
tonight I didn't either
I usually bet I'll need them then I
don't eat them final Needham
usually at night I'm starving and I make
my eggs you know what I said you know
what I don't need them I don't need them
I feel like sick tired today no it's a
time change cuz last like three nights
also the same amount of days I'm eating
this food I feel like I'm dead
here's what I want here's what I want
I've peanut butter everywhere do I'm
swimming in this stuff here's what I
wanted that you guys know what we did I
mean that I actually from what we did
today we didn't do anything we've worked
on the track all day for it worked in
the basement
you worked out I didn't know the work
out but we really like it took all day
for that so here's what I want today I
want you to comment what you did what
did you do today
just doing the interesting same old same
or whatever it is I don't know what you
do and I'm gonna pin my hair comment how
god I always I always pinned my comment
there's so much spam in the comment
sections that I just pinned my comment
so at least that's up time but today I
want to know what you did and I'm just
gonna pick one in pin 1 and if you made
it this far into the video thank you cuz
I'm just literally filming like legit
right now hangout kid eatin apples like
I feel like I'm eating this thing like I
haven't eaten from it's not too short I
think it's just smash for my my meanie
beanie I told him
right back up no okay I didn't do it I
do that good sorry two cuties so much
for taking the bottle well I don't need
it I don't eat it oh I say she just kept
sneaking chilli would grab food out of
this car are you going body I don't want
to interrupt are you going potty she's
like go get out of here
what are you doing give her privacy
what is it with every single one of my
kids all went and hid want to go potty
why it was like later three he was
pooping in a toilet
he was potty-trained at three at three
yes I don't remember but I do remember
all the kids hiding but she legit a girl
goes and hides like disappears does her
thing
oh are you done huh you're done it's
like net probably I heard I don't know
this is my first daughter but her girls
potty-trained faster than boys is that
true yeah but in general I think that
girls potty trained best of us I don't
know I really know I'll let you know
she probably trains faster than my boys
I love you I love you love it
okay nine I love you Oh see she wants
daddy cuz I don't take her to bed going
mom hey hey Cora
night baby well tonight is the best my
eyes have been and it's getting me
excited it's like I'm seeing it man like
literally also our giveaway with GPO has
ended and we i retweeted their tweet but
the winners were announced on Twitter
and I'm just waiting to get everybody's
addresses I have all the prizes right
there and they're just waiting to get
shipped out hopefully tomorrow have
everybody's address and they'll leave
from smile more and I'm also gonna add
some smile more stuff in every single
one of those so if you were one of the
winners guys one of the reasons I quit
doing giveaways way back in the days cuz
there's there's just so many people
disappoint there's only a handful of
winners right there's like one two three
four five six and then they added some
there's so little winners that I was
like it's it's just not without weighing
all the lose can't have a winner without
a loser Kane don't forget that we love
you guys we are gonna call it a day what
if I actually blogged an entire day like
this or it's just the wrongness would
you watch it I'm not gonna do it forget
that idea she's already asleep sleep
just passed out we love you guys we will
see tomorrow streak continues and
Kane's still up you're next no that's
next
that was older than you love you guys
gotta go talk then I said 9:30 and I
know I can't go to bed not allow you you
know I have to go to bed at 9:00 so I
wake up at Ernie's there you go that's
easy
Wow we just saw Jeanne I just rubbed the
lamp anything my wish is your command I
love you guys thanks man I don't know
what to say right now I'm so stoned out
I feel like so zoned out today it's the
food I'm not like I'm not gonna smash a
chief you'll love you guys I'm leaving
I'm leaving I'm leaving we'll see you
tomorrow you're beautiful I want to know
hit the like button if you watched all
of this
I'm serious love you beautiful little
next to it see this kid's gonna run this
channel soon he's gonna let you run it I
love you guys beautiful you're one of a
kind
smile
you
