or uh Merry Christmas chords very first
Christmas good morning guys Merry Merry
Christmas
whores oh she's the only one awake so I
think maybe we should go wake them up
yeah still very excited
flashes excited whoa what are we gonna
do it all that let's go hit Noah let's
go get Noah we have to go get Noah ready
really nice good morning good morning
Merry Merry Christmas
let's do this let's make some space so
don't into Oh let's go let's go let's go
is it is this for me it's is it from you
dad from keen let's unload them there we
go we got flash flash dude this is yours
like is it is it my all he wants his cap
she's got about stocking full of cat is
it a patch it's perfect for you that's
for playing in the snow boy you could
drink things out of anything you could
like drink it up
oh jeez you could you pray drink out the
pond what is it flash what is that oh
jeez Merry Christmas
look at Quora
flash what's that dude it's it's
overload I don't need to grab your ear
but pinch branch branch branch well it's
a tooth puller dude zecora's slash
Zeus's wow that's a lot of stuff what is
that horn
binky a funny binky what how about tux
put it in there yeah
well Merry Christmas guys it is wow I'm
not awake yet
I am truly truly not awake yet I'm like
a zombie right now toe warmers free
shoes what is that well flash is happy
guess what some white light Oh perfect
yeah what is all this car oh so much to
take in
flash that cats getting your stuff cats
getting your stuff flash you got what I
was like mystery box Oh
the army guy baby are you excited
are you accepting all flashes going
crazy over this sure you go I don't know
how you what you do with that oh you
want to go out he wants to put that in
the ground hey we got a little snow a
dusting whoo my flash you digging are
you digging it out look your leggings
what oh my gosh would you get baby girl
what is that this guy's cool zombie
mobster or something but you get who'd
you get
you see mommy stalking stalking stalking
daddy
is this me nope oh man yeah girl
boy you can drink out the toilet with
that day maybe I don't know look at this
cat trying to get in Flash's bones look
at him watch him doodlee these cat look
at these cats can watch watch we're
gonna try to steal the bag I don't know
this this could just be the greatest
gift that I'm gonna get this year this
is a fanny pack with Bluetooth speakers
in it does it get any cooler guys no it
doesn't this is it this is the gift of
the year right here hey Cara we did it
Merry Christmas I was party time she
bring cinnamon rolls every year she
comes with cinnamon rolls
she said cinnamon rolls
you brought cinnamon rolls oh these are
from you guys
yeah okay which one first okay did you
wrap this that is awesome we got
matching shoes these are awesome cuz you
just got these right he has green ones
but Noah has that exact same pair we are
matching shoes I can take those out just
for you you got em for you for the gym
you having up gym shoes you know I wear
them out pretty fast 8 1 ounce dude this
would have been the perfect gift for you
dude that's awesome
it's a dry bag dry sack it's completely
waterproof yeah and the whole thing fits
in this little that's genius thanks guys
ok kids grab something with your name on
it again see you're always getting hurt
so that's perfect a little a little
medical kit you're always asking for
band-aids maybe hard to keep up be hard
to keep up this morning we are
terrorizing it get it there you want me
help you
that's from you
you got that that's nice say I think I
think it is do she got over here baby
she look at this face man she is a deep
concentration get it court she
understands he definitely knows what she
has to do all cane Azure waterproof
boots you can walk in the water he's
like you ever can't play with it you
remember those those are super fun oh my
gosh that's a ton of new clothes there
yeah you're set on clothes still on this
one do with course like one gift lasts a
while well today is December 25th open
it
what is it he's looking at you what you
think is it sweet yeah thanks dude you
gonna let me play it huh Hey
oh she's got it get it close now you can
print all your pictures off when you run
out of film for your camera that already
prints pictures
nice what else do you guys get oh snap
that's cool did Kane
this is takane from ducky Momo dude that
is cool you trap dinosaur in there Noah
Mr Attwood is that the ducky Momo one
did you know those are its its food its
fries Jon yeah dude it's ice cream
sandwich for an outer space
if you're ever in space and you're
hungry he didn't like a lot of this
truck outer space myself that is wild
thank you you'll blend right in they're
so cool they got the kid federal do we
can go hiking fur that is awesome here
let me adjust it now you can go hiking
and I don't have to here I'm thirsty
yeah and then look yeah and then this
comes off and then anytime you get
thirsty put that up your mouth and like
be strong or you just put kool-aid in it
oh that's so nice now you need to go
hiking now you know why you got the
freeze-dried food you can put in there
in your boot and the straw so you can
drink out of the pre the familiar
wrapping or all wrong that new a new car
smell well it slips on dude that looks
so comfy hey nurse
do you like it I see now you can go now
you can go hiking with us maybe you can
go hiking with us you put water in it
you'll fill it up right now I'll show
you come we're here actually here open
the blue zipper open that blue zipper
I think canes more excited about his
backpack than you are did you fill it
case you get thirsty opening gifts
excited he wanted so many like trucks
and toys for the dirt which is great get
you outside forgot a quarry got a
mermaid bit that's awesome he's looking
for a flash you got more stuff in your
stocking huh oh boy what did even get
all twenties what is treats from the cat
let's do it let's do it let's open it ah
you gotta get aggressive aggressive
Cannes Cannes got a new way to open
gifts uh he's tearing open a box right
guys fun Christmas good time you love
that guy I was getting a switch hooked
up for me - naughty canes down there
searching for switch games where are
they came fine dump or oh I smelled him
cinnamon rolls oh my baby girl
I know princess so we're warming best a
little bit of time showered up I got
like a 20 30 40 50 minute nap which was
awesome on my dad mom show up for some
reason we all agreed that we weren't
gonna get gifts for the adults this year
on the side of the family just the kids
which check this out okay where's your
Gumby where's that Gumby no right here
look at this giant rubber Gumby I don't
know kids know what Gumby is now
definitely doesn't know that Gumby is oh
my gosh you can stretch him so far that
is amazing that's so cool and he's out
of all he's edible
then we did sneak some gifts so my
parents they show up with gifts for us
after we said no yes and now I feel bad
but I did get my dad this cool hole
puncher but guitar missing my dad plays
guitar and he nice and punch and make
your own guitar picks out all credit
cards it's really all yeah yeah but
whose credit card is this Oh perfect I
hope you like your gifts yeah now you
can just punch out punch out I played my
fingers anymore watch it here we go
check it out boom it's our pick made it
satyr pick Terp a curve okay so I'm
super excited about this one because if
you guys know I've been waiting on
something for my dad to make me for a
very long time and I think my birthday
we didn't get it I think this is it wrap
I think this is the golden this is this
is the tuna mom okay custom Charles
Lyell the rule that is beautifully
seasoned small more on the smile it's a
cool what so my dad painted this do you
finish it in the Bahamas yeah it's
amazing the frame looks amiss rides on
here what is this one
this one you painted but dad finished it
Brittany started a painting while we're
on vacation and didn't finish it looks
like my dad finished it and wrapped it
in framed it that's cool
all right just open it see that gold
charlie what is this what is it for
10-gauge a little that is just the 410
shotgun oh that is wicked awesome your
bullets I've never seen yeah one of
these load in many shotgun shells sooo
that is wicked awesome
rabbit you ready to be out my hunter
that is awesome
good yeah you got all loaded up with
cars I'll see it it's gonna be so fast
about the cats are waiting on ya didn't
it didn't whoa good tux that is awesome
would you get a Nintendo Chewie that is
awesome
just a chew toy if you like it real hard
controller what's in that bag Cora
lots of goodies whoa oh my gosh she has
this exact same thing but it doesn't
come out what's this eh
I'm hungry hey brick and wear that it's
because it's a horse hey I'm nervous
what is it girl
there's Veronica okay okay this is
Brittany's first that's aunt duck okay
okay so this is Brittany's first
birthday party
we found a VCR and we've dug it out of
the basement this is when she was one
looks just like he's literally Cora is
literally Cora
no hair either Wow
that's your cake oh my gosh this is
great birthday coverage Oh anything like
this yeah sounds so weird someone saying
brick I can't wait till chorus first
birthday what's your face in it no do
you remember this no no don't wanna know
it's so weird seeing you right there and
then seeing this little monster right
here finally wake up its little Brittany
it's little Brittany you want to come
see your mommy as a baby video ception
right here Cora
look at mommy but it's so weird seeing
both of you in the sea who is that I
like how she's rocking me I love daddy
bib Sena ain't gonna do it doo doo doo
we're jumping around a little bit guys
but we are going to end our wonderful
Christmas today it has been quite the
day we don't jump jump-jump a lot today
but do anything what you've made it to
Christmas yes miss
completely know what challenged me
probably I don't know how many vlogs ago
30 vlogs ago at least a long time ago
yeah he said basically that I challenge
you to upload every day to Christmas and
we did it I put it hasn't been easy
we've done current day vlogs we've done
half day half current day vlogs have
yeah I didn't do it one day yeah it was
so hard so we did it that does feel good
I didn't miss one when did I miss one
crazy kid I've always blog my kids
calling me out in front of the world
baby home yeah God everybody's calling
me we love you guys Merry Merry
Christmas
I know it's not Christmas for you
anymore but I hope you had a wonderful
Christmas we're gonna take off you're
beautiful you're one of a kind smile
more actually let's ask a question one
question what was the greatest thing you
got for Christmas yes
you
