hey guys welcome to the vlog if you're
watching this it is Christmas Merry
Christmas it is Christmas Eve for us
right now and as I told you guys at the
end of yesterday's vlog today was gonna
start exactly where yesterday's ended so
I am sitting exactly and I'd literally
ended that vlog and I'm starting today's
I love you guys let's get this vlog
going and Merry Christmas
what do you mean Cain did that I totally
forgot tell the story that was a year we
still traveled all is ready to take
everywhere with this thing on Cain had
unwrapped everything on everything
everything that's good parenting where
were we Merry Christmas Eve what do you
mean oh my wait wait I've seen a movie
it looks something like it what happened
yes yes run let's countdown how much
longer how much longer
what's 101 its 101 no wouldn't Scott
ready oh he told me between 2:00 and
3:00
oh right in the middle of the
festivities over here guys with onions
or no onions you just love my breath
after I eat it bubbles over here rocking
out some some BJ what do you mean try it
really I'm sorry these guys really
haven't moved since yesterday's vlog
right here same spot you guys have been
in the same spot for a whole block
look at this this is just for today this
is just today's do you guys know that
this today's Hey
do you remember the year that you went
under the tree and unwrapped all the
Christmas presents you do remember how
old you must have been really young you
were like two or three you don't
that was before vlogging so I have no
evidence it didn't happen if it wasn't
the blog so I guess you never did it on
an app Queen the nap you don't take naps
were you talking she is up there you are
what's up princess I know
whoa what does it say what's your sure
say then you get her thoughts for
tomorrow it's crazy to think about your
first Christmas I missed mine because I
don't remember that's back when you just
hung out in a manger guys digging
through yeah yes finding all your
packages
no all those are beautifully can you
wrap it for me yeah that's awesome
thanks bud
it's for tomorrow for real man to be a
kid again I remember just Christmastime
that's like a snake in the tree she's
remember doing exactly that like you go
up you find all the gifts that are for
you and whoa hey Biggs not always better
no I don't want to throw him stands flat
good you ain't got the right beer
nope I don't get to open my gift ya know
yeah kids go first you dang it whoa and
hold on to that you want to open look at
Cora her first gift ever
what is that Cora that's Eliza that's
two Eliza OH
maybe another diaper name to Roman from
Santa that's nice right that's it from
lies that you got so many presents know
what's in there what's in there let's
peek let's take a little point should we
get a Korra letter pull it letter pull
is her first gift ever
isn't it I got you I got it I got it on
camera baby this goes on forever good is
this dang it
get a girl there you go yeah test some
of aboard
let the ripich begin let the ripich
begin must be mine let me see bet that
mixed up we get a shot of that hat boy
oh man you look good
hooray go shovel some snow what the heck
dude from the bank to roblox Korra what
is that what is that oh man
here dude it's a gummy pickle it's
edible yummy sweet corn dude it's edible
that's sweet
yo Veronica just opened your gift so I'm
just gonna hand it to you
oh dude I'm so excited to try that I'm
not gonna get shot by accident she's
already done car you on a holiday wanna
help me again
she's gonna have it down all right it's
just from Gilly girls from Gil I don't
know if it's gonna stack up is there
deliverer
appreciate all natural wood polarize
I'll stop plugging stop plugging are
open to second
tonight box babe it's a trick dude now
listen there's a ton of bugs on there
but they're in the right place bro I
know how you've been complaining about
the one or we playing tonight oh man you
guys hooked it up that's actually the
same Mouse I won't put your shades off
you put your shades are all three of you
what is that all of them
it's good gift yeah I don't know why
okay let's see let's see who can get up
first come on mama
who's gonna walk first oh oh come on
Cora
come on Cora Liza you want to take the
first bite huh oh my gosh she's gone for
just like a pickle slicer it tastes
delicious
is it good go with me Vicki Brittany's
mom got me all these different hats like
three different got no one let's roll
and you still got your tag on so how you
know it's fresh everyone's playing
everyone's having a good time be right
back
gotta go pick up the X got it you'll
pick up the X not X max I'm sure you
already know I'm going to get the x3 and
if we don't go get it right now tomorrow
it's Christmas Eve and tomorrow's
Christmas so if I don't get it now it's
gonna be locked up in that shop until
after Christmas and I want to get it now
come on buddy come on back well I was
going to leave but they just showed up
with the trailer so they brought it to
us even that's amazing Oh baby
is that crazy
oh my gosh like a tank like you're not
good enough I just drove it down the
street and it's so it's just like you
can go anywhere I honestly believe you
get like go anywhere with this thing
like it's incredible look at that
thanks for the Christmas present baby
thanks for this Christmas right now
what's the difference between that and
tires oh baby don't you get me started
okay first of all just look at look at
it okay it just looks I'm looking at it
looks better right I'm just the looks go
okay no they threw that in and they're
cool though yeah look at this now we're
winched out girl you did it look now we
got an electric winch in case you get
stuck I know it's already on there no so
for real honestly it would be so hard to
get this thing stuck like yeah it's just
you can climb it's for snow ice which we
always get tons of do you love it Jonnie
we and we and we in movie mode already
movie mode already oh my gosh we're
never gonna make it all the way to
Christmas when we gonna watch Christmas
movie as we did last night but tonight's
like the night you know little boy you
wanna watch a Christmas movie yeah yeah
me neither
it's actually like ice oh yeah ground
still so wet hopefully we wake up with a
little wife I didn't so Christmas Eve is
quite the night for parents and of
course Santa he's busy but we usually uh
Brittany and I usually stay up and get
all the gifts some of the gifts wrap
that we need wrap for a family and the
kids and it's usually a pretty long
pretty long night so we're out here
trying to gather up some of the things
that we have got for everybody it's
gonna be a long night
how is there still pumpkin pie sitting
here what yeah what is it
why is he still sitting here yeah
you know this looks so ridiculous in the
garage okay so we've got everything in
to the garage now we're just got to get
it into the house and wrap wrap right
we're gonna be full-time rappers to
forget about the blog start the rap game
are you excited
you ready it is time when you wake up
bells did it's either deer or Noah farts
cuz he is up there hey get some sleep
okay give me your most excited face you
most excited
denne denne denne that's it that's all
you got
dude towards Christmas well I love you
I'm going to get no bed right now be
ready no leg already open oh you're like
be ready tomorrow okay are you gonna get
me up alright alright let's open them
I'll see you in the morning
shoot your line out Christmas Eve in
2017 you know my dad was not vlogging me
on Christmas Eve when I was growing up
so little asleep I can't in the first
place I never got to do more like you
know I I lay down I'm out well no trust
me I would be but it was super cold out
today
I couldn't move my hands wait okay so
you can't do this wait click click click
you sound like me right now I just
couldn't vlog I just couldn't vlog got
it it's Christmas Eve we are so excited
I'm palm um gosh I remember being your
age doing this Christmas okay so the
kids are in bed and we still have a
couple things we got to do it we're
gonna do our naughty or nice photo yeah
we didn't get it we didn't get to do
this last year because Britney is
actually pregnant and the year before
what it was fun so we're about to do it
and you don't really get to see it other
than possibly a thumbnail and instagrams
so that's where you're gonna see this at
but check out birth she's gettin you are
you ready yeah
all right guys we got our cookies and
carrots out we are gonna call it a day
we will see you tomorrow for our
Christmas vlog thank you so much for
being here being a part of our everyday
live scene imagine how excited the kids
must be right now for tomorrow morning
and that's it I love you guys you're
beautiful hope you have a wonderful
Christmas and one of a kind
you
