what's up guys good morning as always I
hope your day is going good it turns out
that my license may be suspended right
now so I'm trying to figure this out I
got like a surprise notice in the mail
that said you guys remember when I got
pulled over by the old cop and I got a
ticket and I did the little prank on him
while I never had my proof of insurance
so I forgot that when I paid the ticket
to send the insurance and so now I guess
my license may be suspended because the
place is effing busy busy busy okay it
feels so good to be out of there I know
what you're thinking that wasn't so bad
wrong I was in there for 3 hours 3 hours
you know it's really cool and I did not
honestly know that my license was
suspended for like the last three days
I've been driving without a license so I
lucked out and there's a hundred and
fifty dollar reinstatement fee they want
a hundred and fifty dollars just to
reinstate my license but the the lady
work in there she waived it she'd even
make me pay so I got so lucky smile more
right keep that positive energy and good
things just keep happening like losing
your license hey space alien let me see
look at me space aliens yeah just space
humans so back home today and we're
literally on recovery mode the house has
been annihilated from my birthday
yesterday it's just been clean fest you
wouldn't hit me less you want dog
I think it's official that chase and I
are the worst two people on Call of Duty
right now at the moment I mean we're
terrible
we went like 2 and 19 3 and 15 something
crazy I think Kane is doing better
Kane's obviously won on the on the
bottom oh so chase and I are talking we
want to play call of duty with you guys
huh and Kane wants to play too and
probably Noah we want to play call of
duty with you guys we're thinking about
making like an account just to play with
you guys I don't know that sound fun I
think it'd be for fun a lot of fun it's
right now you guys would just be
laughing at us cuz we're so terrible
we've had a few nice sunny days here in
Ohio so I want to show you what's about
to happen this could be it for us I
think we're gonna be sleeping smile well
this is the rest of our day no custom
shoes I made design tagged the freaking
awesome smile more Nikes I'm jealous
my kids are playing real-life Hunger
Games upstairs I think all right so
since it's rain and it's a little gloomy
we're gonna do mail vlog now at least
the boxes portion and then Britney and I
will do the letters portion but you're
some of the letters from the last couple
days so it's gonna take us a while it's
a free dress to out backslash swedish
fish lover wow that must be for the
neighbor you guys don't even understand
what i said we could open mail the kids
went ballistic like yeah it's a soccer
ball I know Zeus is eyeballing that
soccer ball he's like he's like that's
just my size right there you need your
weapon wow you guys are crazy if Apple
TV can use it it's awesome dude you
hooked it up TV and you can you can do
so many things with it and like anything
that's on your phone is on the TV that's
insane who is that from Monahan drew
Monahan I think dude that's great that's
too much that's that's incredible from
Cincinnati Ohio he's Ohio boy the nasty
oh cool
look this look at that look how excited
he is he knows what that is
Courtney Simpson this is awesome Zeus is
gonna freaking love it we're trying to
open Milan can you just back your
fishing stop right when I started
swedish fish baby those are the best
okay and what's this
so Kane for Kane check it out you want
to open that to Diego's the guy that's
sitting the bike and the swedish fish
and it's from Bayside candy so you know
it's candy whoa those are like carp
awesome that's a that's this this guy
that's him so Noah got Noah got his own
Bayside candy hooking it up where are
they located in New York oh cool dude oh
my gosh hooked it ah
these are my favorite you guys are
always so crazy
yeah I don't even think I don't even
think we showed you in our last mail
vlog there was a box that was for Noah
and no it wasn't here so we saved it for
him Noah what was in that box and a
freaking iPhone for vanilla you guys are
in
saying that's my man
secrets secrets Ryan Seacrest see that's
so cool I wish I could draw nice is it
Bev is that boy or girl Bev sorry that's
all great work
awesome this must be mine oh my gosh i'm
gonna have swedish fish for life
Oh Hayley I'm like one TV in the house
right here that's alright that's good
keeps us all together swedish fish for
life dog you know what's cool about this
mail vlog is that everybody got stuff
it's really cool
it is pounding outside yeah since my
name is out back swedish fish lover they
definitely know me you guys know
move his neck pillow honey maybe this
neck pillow oh my god arias just red red
and peach all right it's that time every
night we hit this time it was only got
three three more days of school till
summer break oh my gosh I remember
summer break like it was yesterday
Oh getting out of school and you're at
the best age cuz you don't have to go to
work you don't do nothing except I can
you handle that can you play I do have
to do stuff you're gonna do some pranks
with me this summer oh no it wants to do
some pranks of summer guys what should
we do what can we do you do anything
father-son pranking perfect I got some
good ideas I already got some good ideas
oh my god me my eyes are permanently
crossed now know what you do
hey guys real quick I also wanted to add
that if you have a order with the smile
more store or smile more products
everything as of today should be caught
up completely so if you have an order
out you should have got an email saying
that it's went out we are caught up
today with all the orders I believe
Veronica has been killing it down here
and I just want to let you know real
quick that everything should be caught
up so if you didn't get an email it'll
be tomorrow but I'm pretty sure
everything went out today all right guys
I got all the Little Rascals in
bed everyone's gonna sleep I know today
was like the worst vlog ever but it's
still a vlog and you guys always tell me
a vlog is better than no vlog just like
I tell you to smile more and you'd
better be doing it I I love you guys
thanks so much for hanging out and
hanging out with my family and hanging
out in the rain with us and hanging out
during mail you guys are awesome if you
want to send mail it's in the
description of this video as always and
thanks for all your support guys also I
got a cool contest coming up I'm just
I'm pumped about but I want to give
anything up maybe tomorrow or the next
day I want to do it today I was lazy
today guys was lazy you caught me
you got me you caught me I can't I can't
hide it from you guys you know you know
me
alright guys I love you please please
smile more see you tomorrow okay say uh
223 round right here yeah
