what's up guys how are you doing I am
what you gonna ask me what what am i
doing I'm just uh Brittany I've just
been standing here looking at dicks all
day for at least the last hour literally
just been looking at dicks this just
screams get kids loved dicks no way oh
my gosh so weak yeah I can only do like
80 or 90 at a time after that I get
really tired you know what I'm tired of
I'm tired of these companies taking my
pictures ain't not paying me for it
they just Photoshop my face off that's
all they do that's it
what is this guy you know how to use it
yeah
the mall is so busy today see back in my
high school days when I was younger I
would have scared the bejesus out of
that woman sleeping but now it's like
it's mean it's so mean I hate growing up
why does it get mean as you get older
but when you're a kid it's hilarious
it's the funniest thing in the world
it'd still be funny to me but I know you
guys been mad I'm here looking at gas
cans and there's just a ho laying on the
floor
that was a badge sorry guys sorry just
got to beat the rain man it's been like
every time the my yard dries it rains so
I haven't been on a mow the lawn for I
don't know it's starting to look pretty
embarrassing at my house so I gotta mow
today no matter what Brittany wants to
drive through New Carlisle
it's kind of cool it's kind of it's kind
of cool I like it just little Cherokee
let's wait for like the car salesman
sort of chasing us come on they're
coming they're coming come on come on
come on let's go you need to take this
serious do you want to buy a car today
no we don't so girl they're gonna
they're gonna sell you a car my god this
is why I don't belong doing handyman
type of work I just bought two cycle oil
which goes into five gallons I put the
whole bottle in a 1.25 gallon so that's
like solid oil I suck at this stuff so
simple so now I'm filling my 5-gallon
which is regular yes hey blue
there we go that's better yeah
while I was mowing I seen this
caterpillar factory I have to show you
guys this look at all of them I wonder
how many there are the whole tree has
got captain tillers on them feels good
to be done with that yard that is a big
freakin yard to mow I can be dinner yeah
big salad ah this kid is round every
night like 9 o'clock he gets crazy why
I've just been sitting here doing
nothing
crash and burn dude look guys the couch
is all clean no more put daddy mommy
wrecked the couch it's all fixed the
guys came over and cleaned it all up oh
yeah you guys are probably wondering
today why aren't you supposed to be
filming a prank Roman I was Tom Tom made
the guy film some of my favorite pranks
we've ever done with he he ended up
having some last minute issues so he is
coming tomorrow we were filming for sure
tomorrow great prank I can't wait to see
how it comes out I know you guys were
waiting patiently did somebody send that
just to you holy moly
it's your new chair what is all that
game
good job big bat alright so for Annika
went to the post office today you guys
are killing that mailbox holy crap this
is just literally like today this giant
box that giant box am I getting this
gracious post office is part like one of
these people do hey once you open this
big box this is the cane out one woah
big box
oh my gosh I already know exactly what
we're doing
look how wide it is we can roll it all
the way out and you can skateboard
across it yeah that's a pretty awesome
gift Jonathan I know for a fact this
kid's gonna play on this this is crazy
brand-new swimming pool he sends us be
drought what's on there please watch
this video sent a smile wrong nose Big
Daddy Oh like Swedish Fish Oh Britney
uh-oh that's an explosive device okay
this is yours
pull it out of there see what it is and
this is Noah's we have to wait for Noah
what is it it's a body yeah you better
let mommy help you get it out Wow show
daddy show all the viewers you gotta say
say hey say thanks Alex
not dolly big shot
Alex cave dude you said so much stuff
we're still opening stuff nisan awesome
did his mom's gonna be pissed
Alex you steal this Ramon what's going
on here these are actually really
awesome they're they're just iPhone
chargers like he has si sent us all
three for all the iPhones Android okay
play with his bike and their chargers
but they're also bracelets and he said
that he can get a smile more once I
think that's pretty freakin cool but you
guys want some more bracelets to charge
your phone that's like two and one yeah
that's two and one that's awesome dude
he left the phone number I guess been
calling and get more information
damn 624 tile and there's a box their
money is called box
I believe sends us t-shirts little
flappy bird little flappy bird button up
dude hahaha cute I sent you some Swiss
chocolate hope you like it
lots of love Fabian from Switzerland wow
your battery light on man hello right
here Big Daddy dangerous for cane this
one's yours
did you know who's gonna love every
single one of these no these are awesome
these are awesome dude thank you so much
look at this look at these they're like
nothing awesome some of them aren't even
open
there's Noah's gonna flip oh there's
more
don't more this book is from Britney
sorry if I spelled it wrong
okay it's for you oh yeah
is it a journal no it's a book oh that's
cute it's a spot-on image of me that is
a spot-on image David Oh ster Lou David
oh I hope I'm saying that right man
you've got an incredible story here that
you've sent me I'm gonna put you
together a really nice package man it's
coming your way we're gonna mail it out
to you so hang in there man keep your
head up you're awesome
probably somebody ordered from them I
don't think the actual company sent it
but they sent us 12 fart bombs you guys
know what those are the bags you pop
poof what like that I'll tell you right
now I love the stamps man this is
definitely coming in from Australia got
this the fishies oh man I want to get
off straight so bad it's not even funny
I love your vids keep it up i watch your
vids i don't have a youtube account but
if I did I wouldn't be subbed in
everything fair enough
love the fish think it looks awesome
with the corals please put this in your
video I want to see it no I'm not put it
in no I won't be in here it's not gonna
be in the video yeah that's awesome and
incredible you know it's crazy always
dreamed to have a logo like people would
draw all the time and look we constantly
get drawings of the logo it's an
absolutely insane
Tim Sims an entire book and I was
looking at like a book that's always
send me a book you know I don't like to
read but he says there's actually parts
that are inspired by him and he actually
wrote about me jack and vitaly in the
book it's pretty cool I'm gonna have to
have to read a little bit yeah thanks to
small more snow man he's happy
you and daddy that's awesome thanks Jake
Schmitt dog homie this is a pretty
official you continue to inspire those
around you
very legit box I think I have it a
hamster is gonna come out of there says
dear Romanov what I want to thank you
for your videos and vlogs I look forward
to them every day you and your family
are so much fun to hang out with you
truly are a great example to everyone I
wish there was more people in the world
like you know you're always so positive
and so is your family you've definitely
made an impact on my life
your smile more stuff is brilliant keep
up the vlogs
enjoy the brownie did something come out
of here I think you're just going to
bite now smell oh it's wrong oh my gosh
Michael Stevens son Michael Steven nice
guy nice-looking guy man that's a
good-looking guy dad all these awesome
people whoa
not this this must be their Curious
George so I got swedish fish from
another person not from Sweden and I got
actual Swedish candy here that's awesome
alright we got here it's heavy
oh I knew I smelled something
uh-oh what is that it's it's a pitbull
pacifier good luck you know something
these antlers wow that's a moose antler
my god you think this is gonna do idea
you guys sent us the antler says we saw
your family in your dog Zeus and have a
product that will solve Zeus's power
chewing issues Acadie antlers they're
bucking great Wow new lamp shirt
well our good friends lamp apparel
cheese off your shirts oh my gosh you
guys don't know who lamp apparel is
they're the ones that make half the
shirts I wear I love their shirts but uh
and they make our Roman soldier shirt
they keep sending me all the new every
single time they gonna new they get an
um sweet I've never seen this it's a new
Roman soldiers shirt for me hardly home
always representing oh that's awesome
that is me that is you we should set up
a Christmas tree somewhere in the house
where we put all our fan mail and then
like once a week or so we should
Oklahoma it looks like Christmas morning
it's so much Cory that's like a mix
between Kane and no
we know it's Kenny because he's saying
yeah feature this in the vlog
okay so Ariel is 19 she's going through
chemo but trying to stay positive I have
no idea it's just all wet it got wet but
I don't know it's my dog pee yeah so
she's got a tough story to write yeah
she just finished in chemo she's great I
am you're greater than me you're going
through you're tough Tuffy steel can you
say boo yeah for Christian oh yeah that
was this whole request that came
Christian wanna came to say boo ya know
he's gonna be saying it on I don't know
how to say her name but you said please
fill this in the vlog you got it you got
it no small more there's so many like
heart touching letters here guys like
this one that comes in from Ricky he's
15 he in January 2013 he had a heart
attack he's only 15 years old and I'm
really starting to realize that this
smile more thing is really touching a
lot of people and dude Ricky I don't
even know where to start man he says how
do you guys eat so many ribs it's
incredible
I don't want to get into the whole story
but Ricky dude you're awesome thank you
so much for for letting our videos
inspire you to just keep going and you
ended your letter with don't forget to
smile more that is so important man good
for you sometimes I just don't want to
mess your guys's names
yeah yeah yeah I don't want to mess it
up this must be meat uh yes has made
himself in guys at the firehouse laugh I
get that a lot two firemen watch the
pranks big time yeah my uncles are our
big up at a certain fire departments and
they said they all watch the press all
the time so this guy started a business
handling emergency medical standby
services and he's offered to he's
offered his services for free for our
film production without charge we want
it that's pretty cool dude I will
definitely send this letter to the guys
producing our movie this is like a
glow-in-the-dark ball or something for
Zeus oh yeah
max club from Kourtney Simpson you guys
killed us holy crap Olli
there's still so much yes in a pool
rings books
shirts candies USB drives USB chargers I
can't imagine what next week brace what
will be here next week as always guys
our p.o box is in the description of
this video if you want to send stuff I
kinda want to see what Zeus is gonna do
with this this moose antler alright guys
that's all I got for you today tomorrow
I'm taking you along with me to pull an
awesome prank it's gonna happen tomorrow
I'm tired of waiting I'm getting
impatient I'm getting impatient and I
just want to tell you guys you're the
best viewers in the world
nobody has viewers like this you guys
are killing it so much males so much to
support support we love you
I can't believe I opened the door to let
Zeus in there's freaking bugs all over
no I don't know what to do oh we love
you thanks so much for watching don't
forget you smiling smile want your
awesome
