okay okay here we go you ready pretty
girl you ready to do this
drum roll guys we are getting ready to
get John we are about to shoot up in
today's the day that we are doing our
local deliveries now we are starting off
where we left off in yesterday's vlog so
it's oh it's still light out we're good
I know it doesn't even matter if it's
dark we're gonna show up at some local
viewers you guys hopefully you're home
and hopefully we can this can be a fun
thing I hope it's just a good thing so
the girls have been pulling up potential
families for us were you just shaking
about you just go on in the work attire
you ready
well you better suit up this is today's
work attire is a little different than
usual
oh we got chase of course your aunt
where's chase J hey I should have never
showed in this thing chase we gotta go
we get out of your spaceship buzz you
gotta be able to carry the goods
alright I'm next I'm next - hurry up
there's your suit yo MC Hammer daddy
right there Oh boom boom boom yeah okay
okay and then you raise the bar you
raise the bar you're talking about the
workout gym God yeah got it
Jim I hope you have princess let me help
you up alright she's out of control
take it like martial arts classes now as
I'm trying to take you out
but that is not a mother of a newborn
you've gone crazy that is a mother of a
yeah that's what happens that's what
happens when we start the blog's later
in the day and not in the morning your
hat oh yeah you got to get rid of the
smile more smile more brainy this look
comfortable though
no actually the pants fit you so good
yeah oh my gosh you are elf you got to
keep the ears out wait here's the here's
the here's the truth you guys first of
all both of you look great all right
country you look good yes but when I
bought these I saw two on the package so
I was like we got two more for me and
John but it looks like we only have
enough for you guys why won't you stay
warm though yeah I feel like it suits
you the best
plus I can't rock that wig like you I
love it pull the front down I think
there you go
so this is Christmas right here well
it's it's it's quick quick chromis
chromis that's nice real it's a wig guys
it's not real this may come as a shocker
I've never worn curlers before secondly
it was 1990 when the last time I wore
curlers was 1999 oh gosh I have been on
her bad side all day yeah you ate her
pizza no I didn't chase his fries so
basically we're gonna suit up and we're
gonna load the truck and we're out of
here we're gonna we're gonna go deliver
some key goods that is awesome doo doo
doo doo look Cora likes it cuz these
ones yeah why cuz I'm fat and I'm like
Santa and I'm fat I'm an idiot I eat
cookies and milk in the middle houses
see I like that that looks nice you look
good I mean I would say no hood but oh I
do have your perfect there you go so
everybody has something I just need
something now that she that's you
required to wear that hot tux what you
think this is good right that's
acceptable
somebody said won't you just wear the
thing you wore for your Christmas looks
great yeah should we get a picture
altogether absolutely okay thanks Rox
very good brother I feel like we all
just went through like one them grand
theft auto stores we just bought like
random attire like don't cut it don't
cut it every single time every tear you
cut is one mountain do you got showed
you know John looks like he's about to
shoot up Whoville well it is a beautiful
day to go out man we getting lucky on
the weather it could be rain and it
could be you know what I mean like it's
nice John okay the weather is nice of
course I'm here I'm right next to grow
we got this crazy sunset coming down at
us we're gonna give away some sweet toys
today these are just big items you have
your own brothers today's yes this day
so three freestyle hoverboards we got
too many bikes we got the one Traxxas
because I could only find uh it doesn't
come with the controller the battery or
the charger so I only have one extra
these so we got one full kit I'll do
this is so awesome
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
doo
okay here we go oh oh I've been on this
for a while here we go all right here we
go
yo this is what I'm running I'll just
meet you guys on location all right it's
my board for tonight this is the next
hover board right here yeah I'll see you
guys at the first house so like we got
three of these to give away tonight I
hope everybody loves this is such a cool
thing here that's gonna make so many
smiles happen yeah we should go grab
some s'mores to like little stuff right
just got a little they just if they have
like this is all we have left because
they have like minor little scratches or
like shipping issues do a bunch of them
Christmas ornaments we got camo hats you
know the camo Hut's are draw my boots on
the floor mom no guys you got pizza what
where oh that was a great shot all right
we got to blur this but we got all our
houses here we're gonna find these
families we're gonna go behind all this
trash guys is a beautiful sunset we all
ready yes do you want to do it we can
ramp Clifford okay so we pulled up to
the first house there's a bunch of kids
walking down the street they seen us
another running back so they have to
live at the house just pull up tall just
pull up to them and see if see if they
know we saw you running back so we're
like maybe they're looking for us I got
tomorrow more hats come on hot you guys
got Christmas tree you want an ornament
well right yeah yeah yeah
rock'n'roll let's get a pic so he saw
they were running back we thought that
they lived at the house but they
actually just ended up being random kids
on the street that knew us so we hooked
them up with so that was super random
but it worked out great got some hats
some ornaments now this does not look
like the home but this is dirt bike
territory right here dude no one's home
that's terrible I can see okay nobody's
here no is that this one but we can hit
it on the way back oh just in case they
got cameras look you can try them yo
this means we're coming back oh great
okay we struck out on the first house
which is not terrible we left that
ornament on the front door which means
though they'll see it and say we either
miss them or this is something super
freaky and random it is beautiful
tonight how about some jams huh that's
been singing the whole time
all the way slay that goes one way yeah
about to roll up the house to hopefully
it's all good we are you know do it all
any problems tonight we looked kind of
like a Christmas portrayed out last
bullet the last bullet elf was gone
you just came here for no reason well we
hold like five addresses tonight and
you're the first ones home yes all right
but you guys might have it you got some
on one house yeah yeah why not order
them okay we got ornaments good and then
we have either you pick I can give you
one Traxxas Slash RC or a lot of
countries many buddies what you want
maybe by how many by many
what do you think when it's all Roman
I'm gonna do it I didn't believe it
bring it in right here
we should just put the little red
plastic bike in here with this okay but
you enjoy this and one thing I would say
Roman mentioned to me it is the upgrade
just want to say thank you guys for your
support we see it we love it we wanted
to bring you something cool like deliver
pizzas we should be good at this I don't
know what I don't can't find any
addresses you're driving like a hundred
miles an hour how we're supposed to read
the numbers I can't read at that speed
slow down a little bit I don't really
read well and you know it is the molar
adds a lot of horsepower oh my god you
know they say that we made there and I
think they just made our moment they
just finished watching the video of
today's vlog watching that video and
you're knocking on the door I know yeah
the superfans yesterday was a current
day vlog so it literally ended with
we're getting in the truck and headed
out and they were just finished watching
it and we said we're going out to
deliver gifts how great is that
and that's loyalty good on to the next
on to the next up you got a lot of
lights off at this house on if anybody's
home oh my here I heard footprints
we want Christmas gifts guys good do you
want to go get them that you hey you
watch a lot oh yeah did you see today's
not yet ok well that's ok because it
went up very late so we want you to
enjoy this freestyle hoverboard dude you
see the log right yeah boom you gonna
need dad's up with this one and start
slow hold on to something get the feel
for it
ok go oh yes music I got a Christmas
ornament some more Christmas or not oh
yeah one yeah and you can on that yep
hook him up and add it to the tree man
you go yes go out right now I really
wanted to meet you thank you guys for
your support
Merry Christmas if you guys have the
best Christmas they were maybe again ok
ok so second house super awesome amazing
family and crazy story towards the end
did you catch it on that camera I don't
think I did so he says the other boy
says do you remember when I was at your
house and I was like I mean a lot of
people come to my house and I was like I
was just thinking maybe he stopped by
with his dad or whatever and he said I
was the kid they got tackled off the
dirt bike and I'll say
the coolest story so we never caught on
the vlog but years ago before smile more
story even existed Brittany and his wife
either work together or I don't know the
story but she invited them over because
he was a big fan this was years ago he
gets on the dirt bike to still training
wheels on it going full speed towards
all these people and his dad literally
tackled him off the dirt bikes it was
amazing but it was not in the vlog so I
do that is crazy so crazy so thanks
little buddy for all your support and I
was so sorry I just I didn't I didn't
recognize him I was like my groan yeah
he's like four foot taller now yeah this
is so much fun can we just do this every
day you really do it every day for small
murmurs we can do all the we can do our
own ups yeah well more ups for locals
you guys won't run the truck okay so we
just stop for some food listen to this
tweet I just got just saw a red truck
with some boxes in the back go down the
next street over for me oh I'm
hallucinating I wish I got to meet you
oh my bad I wish to meet you every gonna
chance them a death wish one day I want
to still meet you I'm gonna DM say send
us your address I'll be there right now
Jenna Jenna
call this phone again these fools right
here they don't have your phone I didn't
take dude check me you gave me your the
keys that's it it's in here somewhere
use yours take them all I hear it like
it's right here can either get me
through got it you need to move your
hair I don't have it I hear it up here
dude I hear it up there follow your
mullet I'll follow your mullet senses
it's like right here okay
house number this will be our fourth
attempt house number three hopefully
they're home I see some light so that's
good you guys ready we were we were
looking for smile more
we're from smile more rahman that would
on youtube uh-huh
and we were hoping to surprise whoever
been making those purchases I bought
something yeah are you really
what do you be happy to be surprised
your kitty we can hide in the house okay
so this is not a total bust because
Grandma and Grandpa are here and they're
gonna allow us there they're gonna be
you're about eight minutes you see yeah
they're on their way they're gonna let
us just be in here we're gonna answer
the door for them
Vanetta extra hoverboard in the house so
I thought we'd bring you one Christmas
ornament and hat actually happens we
have more
you ever hear that knock it means I met
your door no it's true I feel like we
got any action in this house tonight oh
my god hey we just came to borrow your
kid's bike can I use this yeah everyone
thinks this big is really tight so you
watch everyday he's a lot bigger a
smaller person
okay how about me bigger smaller my lord
party oh we brought again yeah dude so
yo RC racing you can see you won't get
your own tracks
dude what you think man brought goods I
thought you were for real no face like
your eyes was out of your head
yeah we're rigging this guy up right now
this play time you were awesome keep
being awesome alright finish up my last
day of school tomorrow and it's yes like
it doesn't take long to realize why we
do what we do it is the greatest feeling
to be able to surprise a family and see
that the kids light up they seem almost
passed out I was worried I was genuinely
concerned these headlights rolled back
to his head
I said even before we left he's like I
still feel dizzy
so absolutely amazing it is getting so
late I'm worried that kid like people
are starting going to sleep it's been a
great night either way like I'm so happy
dude I'll be honest I don't even know
furtive right house there's no address
I'm totally guessing nervously oh you
got that camo on oh listen I'm decision
like it awesome I've done oh you did
didn't you
yeah
you guys have to leave this one for the
other boy and they know you're here bro
my my seven-year-old up oh no no no yes
he is you're gonna wake them up at the
mall yeah stop by so your camera I was
like wait Lisa what's up dude what you
think this we go duh can't we we woke
you up it's too late like now let's just
go
hey dude yo I got you a big red bike did
you think of that don't don't ramp in
the palm even know what that is it looks
like one of country's bikes dude you get
to ride that in your backyard
as long as dad's ok with it you guys did
amazing job even they all did this was a
team effort
oh no I knew it was getting a little
late they actually woke the kids are
wonderful beautiful family and and
that's that's all our gifts right now
right yeah everything nice successful
night man heck yeah we made some
families night like truly excited
definitely I don't know who gets more
out of it probably no country with that
pork belly like they're so excited but
man what we leave with is so inspiring
like it definitely makes me want a floor
anymore it makes me want to make another
videos like just helps people so much I
love you guys we're headed home and we
return back to smile on my robot there's
my little monster hey tuck see no I
thought that was Kane oh I thought that
was tux I mean Oh
my ladies what's up baby yeah I love you
guys I missed you
it's crazy it took a lot longer than I
thought
just to do everything that we did
tonight was amazing though and now we
gave everything away
it was awesome great night fleshie you
know you're not allowed on the carpet
this is I'm not allowed then why am I
always on the carpet he's look he's like
just just I'm allowed I'm allowed cor is
enjoying the show so I hope you guys had
an absolute wonderful day truly inspired
today I feel I feel super super good and
I'm just happy I'm definitely happy to
be home to with with my little one so hi
baby girl daddy missed you not you I did
not miss you though you're a monster
dude come out oh it's it's like right
there right this guy look at this guy I
love you guys we will see you tomorrow
thanks for being here thanks for being a
part of everything we do and thanks for
helping me keep this streak going we
will see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile more
you
