dude I can't express my soreness how you
feeling dude good morning
it's not good morning it's late what's
up guys starting the day at the costume
shop this is one of my favorite places
to go if you can't think of pranks or
anything you walk into a costume shop
and you just opens your eyes open your
doors opens your horizons to new ideas
are you walking why did it stop okay let
the fun begin
long time no see
good are you really it's the boner
banana what that is is we're trying to
find two things that can fight like
fight like like a banana and a gorilla
banana and a gorilla could fight you
know um there's so many options I don't
know all these big mascots too it would
be cool oh I kind of like cowboy versus
Indian that's funny oh that is you you
don't look any different just something
just the scared of kids Jesus says this
is a regal Jesus we need like a real
gene we need like a poor Jesus right so
he would be tattered with shitty clothes
sandals and a scruffy but Jesus is
rocking the leopard the tiger that's the
devil
yeah the devil the devil's got the money
he already sold his soul yeah he
collects death
all right so we're gonna double verses
Jesus let's do it it's no joke I was at
I seen you just come out of Metro
Fitness I just did this exercise a
couple days ago I can barely walk now
what's the secret cuz you're walking
just fine cuz you just start working on
ya first time that's it that your
just have to adapt that you'll get over
it dude I can barely sit on the toilet
dude I'm serious oh wait the soreness
goes away just hang in there it's been
two days it's been two days man dude I
feel like I'm back in LA back in LA with
all this traffic how about these bugs so
we just got the Walmart one of the
biggest greatest stores ever put on this
planet and Chase is looking for a water
balloon launcher now this is a promising
aisle there's got to be a water balloon
launcher in this aisle is there I don't
know man this thing comes with so many
balloons it's like we're gonna have fun
for so many minutes backwards backwards
oh god get out of the way oh god no no
oh my god no Ryan oh you thought you
were gonna survive I got you
so chase has this brilliant idea to
wreck his relationship he's pouring fart
bomb puke spray into the squirt gun
that's the whole bottle oh your poor
wife your poor wife and I think just
just for safe measure I'm gonna have to
fill it with water so we know that it
squirts I hope it doesn't delete it too
much I don't know that's pretty powerful
hi baby
all right good luck thanks bro good luck
to you if you need someone to sleep
tonight I'll be here pretty tolerant
she'd have to be to live with you why
you always want to fight daddy hey hey
hey hey okay happy yeah okay let me see
your fight pace put up oh there's your
fight face you're gonna fight me I love
this kids fight face do it
Kane happy face yeah you know your fight
face Jimmy big hug
not a tackle want you to take your shoes
off he said you ain't going nowhere I
love you I'll see you later
so as chase goes to possibly ruin his
marriage I I think I'm a bad influence
on him
I don't remember chase ever doing pranks
until this whole vlogging thing started
and my bad influence
my bad influence on you guys I feel like
I'm a positive person but you never know
yeah some SSX tricky we're cheating
we're cheating tonight or cheat on our
favorites doesn't matter so what is it
that long horn has oh it's like some
killer steak wrapped in bacon I think
you can go wrong with that it's pretty
much like every steakhouse yeah there is
baby
you guys should have known this is what
I was gonna get it ribs I've actually
had ribs for a long time you're gonna
get that a1 sauce on them all right I
ate too much
you feel me I feel like oh good you
deserve it I'm making me go to that damn
class you guys I've been trying not to
complain on camera but all I've done is
complain about it
hi Kane hi mama
get over here I can't believe you're
still up come on the gainers time to
settle down you got to put my dad dad
mode on mini cuddle up with mommy
he's like anything to stay awake a
little longer come on it's late let's
watch a movie and go to sleep alright
guys so we're gonna go watch a movie and
my goal is last few nights we've fallen
asleep on the couch if I can get Britney
to fall asleep tonight I have the best
prank ever to pull on her she's already
exhausted she's laying out there with
Kane now so all I have to do is stay
awake
I could not be more excited right now
okay okay okay okay keep it together
I've been wanting to do this for a while
if brittany falls asleep on me we both
fall asleep on the couch all the time
but tonight I'm awake you guys remember
the video where I shoot money out of my
butt well tonight Brittany is gonna get
chocolate pudding and shot out of my
butt I have been dying to do this I hope
so bad I have enough air I don't even
know what this means I have to try to
get the pudding into this hose into this
tube so I can fart it onto her I know it
sounds terrible to be hilarious I think
it's the best way to wake up ever let's
just see what happens
so what that I need about two or three
of these puddings in here to about here
this shit's gonna go everywhere in the
house she's gonna be so pissed I
shouldn't even do it so surprisingly
it's actually really hard to get the
pudding in the tube but it is going in
it's just taking forever that's not even
half a pudding so I need to fill at
least down to here I'd say we're packed
we're packed full of poo poo ting I'm
actually disappointed though it's not
even one full pudding filled this whole
tube so I'm hoping that it's enough to
really make a mess all right so I I put
a wad of tissue in the back so that all
of it has to come out at once and not
just I don't want it to spatter like I
wanted to just I hope this works so bad
basically for a paintball gun here and
it runs into this hose all I have to do
is
this down and all this is going to come
out I just have to cut a hole in the
back of these pants so it looks like I
pooped on her all right now it's time to
sneak in the house
it's chocolate pudding come on it was
funny you fell asleep oh my god it's a
mess honey how did you not wake up
during that I can't even see why did you
waste that pudding it was awesome
smudged up the cam
what my that's awesome it looks like
that's crazy there's nothing on the back
here here though must have just got on
the front right stop you still love me
though yeah Oh cold poo that's I have no
idea what time it is
I carried came to bed like an hour ago
so you've been out for a while
hope to god this got everything I so
hope this got everything the battery was
dying like hat when I hit record is
already almost dead
oh no they got everywhere it's all the
way on our bedroom door no it's all I
never hear honey what were you thinking
how's that wall coming thing I've ever
there's literally shit everywhere and
that's even after I've scrubbed on
missing spots bellboys release this wall
needs retaining I know but you know
forever forever duty on it
alright guys definitely a good time to
end this vlog I hope you had fun with us
I had fun I know you had now you're wide
awake you're pranking ability to sleep
you can always stay up and clean you can
only step clean all right guys we love
you thanks so much for all the just just
all the fun letting us have fun thanks
for all the likes on these videos we
will see you tomorrow don't forget to
smile more like Britt she's smiling see
you guys Oh
what's he called Diadema Diadema it
looks evil
here's
