good morning guys
of course it's beautiful in LA I've
always got the palm trees and I got to
start today off with a huge thank you we
passed 500,000 subscribers on this
channel I can't even believe it
you guys are a rad man oh hey guys
Vitaly get you some oatmeal bro
thanks bro all right that's all you get
so we haven't been here more than a
couple hours this is this is our
meetings today right here later nice
shirt by the way
vitaliy is out we got to do something to
some Vitaly loves water yeah she gave up
he just peed on you bro I want to cut
your hair
didn't wanted me to cut your hair oh so
smooth I want to go down the big parking
garages
we are leaving oh my god
we're leaving our meetings for the day
for the weekend it's Friday and it's
like the smoothest vlog ever leave this
fucking
hey is this normal
is this normal listen go bro if you guys
could smell through your computers you
turn this video off it makes you so
happy that I want you to keep doing it
it's like it's like enlightens its
enlightens you fucking fart for a living
or would Morocco I think you look like
Barney bro getting a massage it kind of
looks blue on camera but it's bright
purple why not what kind of massage with
a happy ending
no I'm getting a really stuff they got a
special special key just like come on
yeah I got a super special treat for you
guys today
this is nobody knows about this zero
subscribers I just remember the hero
this is your very first YouTube channel
there was seven years old what is it
like two lights baby it's true this is
the very first video ever uploaded yeah
to you to seven years ago
check out the intro
absolutely
I so uh-oh dummy kids delray kids open
it I think
who's gonna click on that title this
video dude oh my god you should change
this the Batali's first video ever find
you the password alright guys
should we put the video in the
description yeah oh my god okay alright
we're gonna put the video in the
description of this video oh yeah first
Batali's first youtube video ever seven
years ago dude yes it's actually a good
video but it's crazy how far we've gone
dude it's seven years old as three
hundred years dude in seven years it's
got to Luckys probably you have to like
that bad stars yeah alright guys I'm
super excited right now because I met
this super beautiful girl a while back
and I invited her here tonight so I'm
gonna go get her I said apart
read easier play later
I just wanna smuggle you oh yeah are you
gonna wear heels yeah yeah so we're
going to dinner but uh yeah so you does
smell right it's the she's guy I like
this guy I know we like smile smiles are
good beautiful
welcome to lose Chris stickers mr. Magoo
here but like you today that's Russian
well yes spot-on chalk brush me through
the videos she's like are you the guy
that break your mom I said yeah that's
me right nobody knows who are you
wait are you always bragging on my mom
this looks awful Purdy Wow
was it true that Abraham Lincoln had his
first day here my favorite my favorite
people whoa
yeah the movie we're making a movie
we're in Hollywood make it a movie I'm
drinking water
nothing but hardcore water tonight what
is it you can actually hear the steaks
sizzling this is a true story by the way
tell your mom the following story what
you're about to hear is very true you
should had a great viewer discretion is
advised
well I had a friend come over yesterday
which is a female she's about 20 to 23
went to sleep sleep or just we went to
sleep she peed in my bed true story I
swear to God thanks God they bought this
like think about things why didn't she
do shit my whole match was there hello
he had to call this guy over today -
today
I told the guy I know the guy he's like
we're busy today sorry I was like so
what's your regular price to do the job
he goes $90 like I gave you on
traditional now you think I'd be there
it was a big yellow circle on the bed no
she was a little drunk and get done she
was a little drunken and why what I woke
I woke up and I say you gotta get the
hell out of my house and I'm never gets
people there again and I said if she's
at the radius with my burden thanks Alex
you don't man baby mommy do you laundry
again actually I need to do laundry
tonight he folds my underwear when I'm
in LA and you pull my mother yeah
oh here's my car I got I just got my car
fixed how'd he get some hubcap spinners
installed
really that's your piece of shit best
dinner in LA so far this trip yeah shit
pure shit he looks so tired I'm all
checked in Cheryl we can't say we
haven't even went but once maybe I need
to go there
are far away left far far away how was
the toner smell went to my mom to get
some - I'm gonna do laundry
I'm gonna wash my sheets yeah but the
stains gone now no there was - it's so
wet I'm gonna sleep on the couches -
what oh damn it thank you this guy did a
shitty job for $200 hey Alex maybe I'm
just stupid smell it smell it you have a
good nose Alex you smell it yeah
ilex oh you don't have to touch your
nose like I just did okay I could just
do clothes yes you smell it and just
show the bloggers because nobody knows
no smell at home right right right here
smell it no you know she didn't eat this
might be just smelly no did you put your
face in it
you got your I'll see you guys smile
we're filming hopefully I don't put my
bitch
at supper up might as well add to it all
right guys I'm not gonna lie we've just
warped into the bedroom and I'm all
showered up which could only mean one of
two things either we just got done
playing board games or we're about to
I'll leave that up to you I will see you
guys tomorrow
I love you don't forget to smile more
Vitaly has been pooping his pants all
day
