right those first soccer game you bet it
is
don't be nervous it's for fun no matter
what you just have fun get out there and
go out there and go out there there we
go
no his first game really excited but it
is way too early I'm the one complaining
about here good job dude got me Fritos
you don't wanna good job man you guys
warm I know all right
we're officially frozen it's so cold man
you guys won give me five with your
frozen hands so we stopped at McDonald's
to get a little breakfast this is the
first time I've ever seen McDonald's
serve biscuits and gravy they serve it
on a real plate that's nicer than our
house happy used paper for everything
Wow the house has officially been taken
over look at this
they've mounted this thick frame all
around the whole wall so they can put up
all the stone all this stone is gonna go
up on this wall it's like cement
actually cement to the wall they put up
these cool pillars on each side I like
them and then the last thing we have to
wait on is the doors that go here that's
gonna be the last thing they're being
custom made they won't be here till next
we meet you guys like the fish tank yeah
for now this is the only way to see the
tank it's gonna be this cool room it's
gonna be like a guest room that you'll
be able to see inside the tank and for
now we just have stuff hanging out
danger zone this is the before the
before man you guys are destroying my
house bro what's going on here it's like
you're building a little castle in here
what do you think of that mommy slowly
the mud yes I got a wash you
it is actually nice outside it's really
bright this is so freakin muddy oh my
gosh juice what I'm gonna do with you
you just got groomed Scott groom dog
what do you think of this wall build it
needs to be done it is looking really
nice we have to wait like another week
plus to get the cabinet's on top it'll
be the last piece of the puzzle and I'm
doing another time-lapse for you guys
even though I forgot to put the other
one in yesterday's
what the house is absolutely destroyed
but look at this progress man that's
looking good holy smokes doesn't even
look like my house I can't wait to see
this GoPro has been recording for
probably six hours I think I can stop it
I don't know four hours fifty-five
minutes five hours yeah they are yeah
I'm gonna come back tomorrow and add all
the all the middle I really don't feel
like I've logged it all today are you
comfy couch on top of bean bag on top of
the bean bag I feel like a blog much
snake is my house has been full of
construction and what do you guys think
this is not even complete yet we stuff
to have the we still have to have the
doors on top and I don't know there's
all kinds of stuff but this is now so
this is we just put this wood here
because the light is wicked so I think
it's coming along though we got some
clownfish this light is wreaking havoc
can't even film it hey what is that by
hurts
no no on you know you better on that's
gonna end bad anybody running around
without plastic you know let's see it
run too fast too fast it's too fast
disappear where'd they go this is what
daddy does every night it's gonna I'm so
route up and then try and get him to bed
put him up high up to the sky
no no good morning again guys what yeah
so this is uh this is an unusual vlog
for you Kade wouldn't go to sleep last
night
so I laid down with him me and Brittany
both lay down with me and then I woke up
this morning so there was no end of the
vlog there was no more night you know it
went to bed on time yeah yeah you didn't
so I'm blaming you it's Keynes for
Noah's upstairs let me see if you guys
can see him
is it working
wave Noah oh there you are ready just
keep spinning that work it's not gonna
work that you know we're all right yes
so it's current day right now when
you're watching this because I just woke
up I'm gonna end the vlog now so I can
start today's vlog for tomorrow and this
is my last day here and I got to go to
LA in the morning bright and early
gotta go to LA yeah hi cane
hands blocking it alright guys we love
you we'll see you tomorrow
smile more look what he's got what is it
yeah crab he's pretty
