hey guys good morning to ya big day for
us I'm super excited to show you they
are bringing in the rock to get this
tank started man I can't wait
supposedly it will be full of water
today I've even put a GoPro in here to
time-lapse them filling all the rock
what are you doing
so they got these massive live rocks man
these are amazing a lot of them I will
bring to life on my own but this is all
out of the ocean and this is gonna be so
oh my god man I'm gonna be speechless by
the time the water yours in this tank
good alright bye mommy see how it
naturally wants to sit up huh
so I want to set this I think
mmm I like that I like how it's a corner
piece I want to set it up so one of the
funnest parts about having a creme I
used to have reef tanks in my old house
and one of the funnest part is designing
all the rock inside this is all real
rock from the ocean it's absolutely
beautiful and it comes to life and
things live on it and live in it and it
just creates a natural reef environment
for your fish and your corals and
designing is super cool like these
people these pieces are extreme
so this right here is how you get rocks
stacked on top of other rocks it's kind
of like cheating so we take these
acrylic rods and you drill holes into
the rock and you can slide them on top
of each other three inches on just the
rock so I'd give it yeah
come on yeah okay it's a typical Ohio
day right here baby
nasty looks like kind of like the end of
the world
I'm LEDs do not like cameras no we need
a little rock it's an emerald crab what
is it yeah crab he's pretty he just came
in on one of the rocks
yeah well save on we'll put them in put
them in the tank swim around with the
fish tank fire in 25 gallons so here's
125 gallons of water and these are all
full of water buddy never run all the
way into the tank 300 gallons got to go
into here you want a banana yeah you
gotta get it reach reach reach here we
go
let's see if she holds water dang man
I'm so glad I put the GoPro here behind
the tank bubbles have a bunch of fish
blue fish got some Nemo's
look who just get here what's up buddy
how you doing yeah yeah what do you
think of the tank you're just gonna
shake your head all day it's really
cloudy right now so I want to show you
guys a quick behind-the-scenes to this
fish tank this is this is this is just
stuff everywhere they've built a room
they've added a sink and then the
aquarium all these hoses run into this
room into this big barrel and these are
mixing containers and what does this
trash can do this is gonna top off the
tank for that boat so it always keeps
water in the tank at the same level yeah
you got you have to do that you can fill
it up all right so everything's going
pretty good today it's literally an
aquarium building day it's been already
a couple weeks on this project but today
and mainly tomorrow is the big like
final the final aquarium day so Noah and
I
no I know he's a shy guy shy guy so this
is my buddy's place this is Todd's reef
farm and he grows everything I think I
showed you guys this just a few weeks
ago last week or something but he grows
everything here in a greenhouse what
kind of urgent is that us it's a big
Halloween urgent Halloween oh wow
it's way harder than I thought they'd be
yeah
there's his mouth yeah that's why miss
this place is so cool to greenhouse and
he grows he grows all the coral inside
the greenhouse it stays natural
naturally warm
and if you come in it you can buy all
the little quarrels that you want and
then then then over the year they grow
and bigger and bigger and then you can
cut them and grow your own
it's called fragging and it's absolutely
amazing I used to do it all the time
check him out
and these clams were really cool cuz
they'll shut when I rub their hand over
they did it a little bit see if I can
get this one to do
hey did
don't know if you guys know this but
there's tons of different breeds of
clownfish you have your classic like ah
Solaris looking clown and then you have
these check out this black ice look at
that look at his side dude he is wicked
do that black ice clown is that place is
so what do you think of that man in
there a lot that's a lot did I you just
take you there when you're a little kid
like three years old all the time yeah
when we had our old brief tanks you were
not even Kane's age probably know you
were Cain's age two three years old
siding huh
actually we got stopped to the gas
station because we were so thirsty about
the dry rot and turn into a desert yes
hurricane hi okay where's Noah where's
Noah
there's no where's mommy
come on come on guys
I'll come up your brush your teeth I'm
brush my teeth still cloudy wasn't
recording I just jumped out at them but
when I jumped I hit the record button
off doesn't matter it's dark night times
like trying to get two tigers in their
cage I love you yes good night big dog
you're not putting jammies on
those are jammies all right nose guys
first big soccer game tomorrow you ready
or what are you nervous you just got to
get out there and attack hey if you have
kids I don't have to explain what it's
like to get your kids to bed if you
don't have kids I can't explain the kids
are in bed and that only means one thing
staring contest
no I don't know how to do both us
sitting right there
already I used to be so good okay all
right ready no I'm not ready yet
yeah no you said yo and it wrecked
everything that's
I'm the worst to keep a straight face
she always beats me all right fine I
just can't look at you I can keep a
straight face for I know I can't I can
look away like I'm fine like this I have
to get in as soon as I look at you it's
over you're ready you're so funny
that was mean
alright guys that's all we got for you
today and I got to get up so early
nose for soccer game I'm super excited
off that yeah it's it's Ohio is
everybody that's from Ohio knows one
time about whatever
it's nasty it sucks so but that's what's
fun about soccer you get to play in the
mud and have a good time you're - you're
9 years old it's fun but it's hard for
two-year-olds so that's all I got for
you guys tomorrow
they come and this is what I've really
been waiting for us so the tank is up
it's built it looks great it's very
pretty but tomorrow they come and they
they rock this whole wall the whole wall
is gonna match our fireplace so this
whole wall is gonna be stone rock and
the tank is basically maybe sitting
sitting in the stuff that's really cool
it's gonna be really pretty hopefully
they get it all done tomorrow huge
process they had all the lights and
things like that yeah
actually they might they might bring us
some fish tomorrow we'll see but I love
you guys thanks so much for hanging out
like these vlogs I will see you cleaned
up old cereal alright guys we love you
we'll see you tomorrow
tomorrow one psychotic elevator path
it's like a cow was murdered alright
Nashville you're gonna miss your weather
and what
