here we go guys welcome to the vlog we
are leaving the beautiful New York City
of this place absolutely insane mmm down
there I don't know you ready are you
ready ready you're ready for I am good
morning good yeah so if you want
yesterday's vlog we have been basically
not well yeah we've got stuck in New
York our flight was delayed so many
times that we eventually had to get a
new hotel and today hopefully we're
jumping on a plane and it's gonna be
note the way and we're just gonna go
home that's the go totally Christine oh
my god you really care that much do it
just shave it off you won't even have to
do it they're going bald
so yeah guys we're off we're leaving
hopefully just straight here or on our
plane home to the kids and the hot tub
how's that
Brad sent me a picture goodbye John City
hello fields this I'm so excited
that's
all day so far everything is going way
too smooth we're in the airport our
flight has not been delayed yet and I'm
just so pumped to be home yesterday was
like delay delay delay staying in a
hotel babyback babyback so you excited
to go home yeah oh my gosh okay so we're
at our gate nobody's here
the door shut there's literally nobody
here but we're early like by 20 minutes
right dude the plane is there like but
there's nobody at the gate I've no idea
yeah they said sorry we had to shut the
door cuz we were taking a wheelchairs
that little just us standing out there
like we've really just missed our flight
I don't know so we're getting our plane
right now yes we are going home baby
I'm right just like that we made it home
back to Ohio and it's so funny the guy
on the plane when we landed he was like
you know that guys that come over the
announcement it wasn't the pilots like
the doesn't matter the guy was like
another beautiful day in Columbus Ohio
and is like as soon as we got near here
it was cloudy and gray so we're back
home which is great I'm gonna go pick up
Noah head home and see everybody all
right to the garage door who's that
who's that
you gotta give mommy love to baby all
right I see you I see you I see you all
geez oh here Z is here it what's up guys
is he out there yeah who's out there I'm
preparin I supposed to break you're not
good now now we're gonna drain the whole
thing you're making it safe for us y'all
look at the pond look at the pond I need
a coat on can you what can you walk on
it that's what I wanted to ask you so
look at this song and the pond is froze
I'm freezing whoa it's snowing it's
snowing oh my gosh flash dude no dude it
looks solid oh that's crazy oh my god oh
my god dude we're on the pond it's it's
game on no you have
dude I going in the deep end but it's
deep right here just who's this is
probably worth to be most weak is where
it's pretty hard it's always good to be
back old man you gotta get in oh yeah go
flashy flashy stay off that pond boy oh
geez
put some clothes on would you there's
ladies in the house what is it hey cutie
hey cutie I don't think she's gonna have
that much fun with water no she got
hiccups she's going crazy get it Cora
get it yeah okay so I think we'd all be
lying if we said we didn't want to check
out the hot tub right now I think it's
on all our minds we got our shorts on Oh
bless you ready are you still in
birthday mode you guys ready
you know the coldest part is just
getting out there you have at least it's
right there now Britney want to put it
all the way out in the yard
said there was a certain step you have
to step in - do you know where the stuff
is yeah the one we have step one jump in
your kids crapped because we kept
stepping in there and it wasn't supposed
that okay let's check it out guys ready
are you taking the show up in here we
run it out oh my gosh step out here you
ready it's like 10 degrees awesome oh my
gosh anyway charity what hey make sure
you take the cover off I'm gonna help
her hole Maya
hang on I'll help you want the light you
want the light on or off come on chicken
go on chicken let's go come on let's go
let's go let's get the air my boys come
on alright let's go shut it shut the
door behind you did you figure it out
dude this is great oh my gosh we've
wanted one of these for like three years
go go oh dude the footprints our
footprints oh my gosh the footprints are
already frozen ice Wow okay it's
definitely hard to get out we have it up
hot enough it's only at 102 definitely
needs to be as hot as it'll go alright
guys that is today's what yesterday it's
weird cuz this is current day I didn't
in the blog last and I got on a hot tub
we all just called it a night played
some games with Kane I did he's like
totally into Minecraft now so I did half
minecraft and a half battle grounds for
myself and I didn't finish the vlog so
I'm on here saying goodbye right now and
I hope you have a perfect day we love
you so much thanks for traveling with us
thanks for coming home with
thanks for doing everything that we do
with us we'll see you tomorrow you are
beautiful you're one of a kind smile
more
you
