what up guys I'm tired I feel good I
figure out what am I talking about I'm
going crazy today I think I sounds so
stupid to you guys but my instagram my
instagram is trying to turn over to 100k
and believe it or not I've been waiting
on that for seems like forever
so anyway I'm just it's early and I'm
just sitting here waiting for it to turn
to a hundred it doesn't mean you'll
follow me I don't want that I'm just
telling you what let me go follow me on
Instagram now I'm just excited about it
it's been a long wait just upload of the
vlog actually it's still it's still
processing actually it's not even up yet
so try get back on this blog game you
know living too late this blog game this
floor game ain't selling my soul for
this blog game I'm guessing by your
actions that you want to train trackbill
big train track okay I think I could say
anything right now and he'll say yeah
you love the Roman soldiers you do
are you at a Jeep kloves the Jeep chase
Veronica's Jeep right a place called
Panera not really a hidden restaurant
they're everywhere I think she's just a
king hates getting grilled cheese is
what he's telling everybody but
everything's just yeah right now yeah
yeah yeah you could say anything you'd
say yeah
King do you want to fly into a building
do you want daddy to jump off the roof
yeah
do you want me to throw it egg at your
hand
oh my gosh this looks so good
it looks like a commercial look at that
that's what a commercial looks can you
believe that I'm never coming back ever
like we're at the River Valley Mall
right that's what this place oh do you
find a bear don't pull his head off we
need the head for other people chase is
looking for new shoes dude I found them
right here bro
that's you exercise what size you wear
you think soon you're gonna fall over my
carpet how to stay over
doesn't it makes me want to throw up
right that's pretty bright yeah you'd
look good at this
never even
again
okay let's look at the bikes
okay let's go can I get you these just
in case you run too fast it's the human
dragster yeah I could just put Kane on a
rope and I could run with him and save
80 bucks
really I don't see how that I don't see
how they do that
yeah yeah one more time
redo that was my landed out here he did
land on it must ban
oh now you want one too boss ain't got
no difference you go you know you're the
boss
okay look at mommy
so we're back home it looks like it's
bedtime but it's not it's only 5:30 but
pretty friggin comfortable
you want me to airplane it there we go
catch up we missed we are comfy Wow
it's probably not good hot dogs laying
down no Cain are you sleep okay yeah
this is what happens five minutes later
he's either asleep or he choked on hot
talk so Britney's back in the room
exercising and I'm bored to death
because my little my little man couldn't
hang this is the peaceful side I can
he's out he's out
so I'm bored I'm really bored so I'm
about to make a post on Facebook which
is what is your Instagram name I want to
come say hi I'm just cuz I'll pick some
random people so as soon as I post this
I'm gonna jump on their instagrams and
say hi it's well actually do that in the
comments of this video - what's your
Instagram name I want to I want to vlog
coming and saying hi to your Instagram
maybe feature some you guys Instagram if
you got some cool pictures so I want to
do that because I I'm sorry to
instagrams my favorite like Facebook's
good Twitter's good but I love just
pictures I love looking at pictures so
alright guys so I'm probably just gonna
spend the rest of the night hitting
these guys up on Instagram saying hi and
stuff like that so there's not gonna be
much to show you he's passed out and
it's about our day so I love you guys -
vlogs in the Rope I know I shouldn't
even be bragging about that but uh I
love you guys trying for three seats
mall lobbyists mom or heelflip first try
