good morning start Tuesday all right my
man Felipe there was some fun yeah so
what are we gonna start with man I'm
gonna go flying like the flight
yeah let's fly by the sailing time yeah
drinking and flying that's my favorite
this is our boat I told you private yeah
man the private ship
my guys good afternoon and welcome
aboard
my name is jeff of your captain for
today my first with eric is gonna be
awesome
I'm ready everybody everybody I heard
only like 10 people die a year doing
this
yo so that was amazing
I don't know like if it even matters
where you do that that would just be fun
anywhere if you ever get a chance to
parasail at a lake anywhere that was
amazing oh my god I could do that
several times a day
Oh wonder how long this is gonna take
the bill oh no they're gonna get done
like this
no as I hit the hammer and hit my head
I'm just excited over just yeah
only in magazines do you see something
like this only in a magazine that really
doesn't exist
oh my god
I was just vlogging - how did I miss
that Wow
dull mirror just came off the wall while
I was vlogging I can't believe I miss
that Wow I'm vlogging right here about
the beautiful background and right when
I shut the camera off you can actually
hear it the mirror in the bathroom falls
off the wall I can't believe this good
thing I wasn't pooping are you done what
the fudge muffins can't do my hair real
quick oh yeah
I can't some freaky mirrors on the floor
full of toilet lids on so uh how many
mirrors here fall off this wall my man
somebody may have been making love on
the other side Oh
knocked her out you know what I was kind
of disappointed there was only one beer
in here so now there's a couple hundred
bringing you luck go to the casino
tonight time for some dead Dan
Smokey Joe's going on I think so too
I don't know what it's gone but it's
delicious
the Taurus something happy Taurus for
this what did you the room I read rubato
Reba this is two nights in a row with
ribs but higher two racks he's playing
my request somewhere I had to request
this he's good
your new bar everyone's a fan I'm a big
fan and I'm a girl because you said
girls are watch your videos I love them
and I hope to see more are we gonna hang
out so we just got back to our room
where we notice there's a new mirror at
least the mess is cleaned oh it's just a
giant hole in the wall that anything to
say girl we're calling like guys until
tomorrow
that's all that's right we actually did
there are girls that watch these vlogs
so I'm actually impressed although when
I say guys that's just that's just we're
just meeting every month yeah alright
alright guys until tomorrow someone it's
time for some Borg is we're going to
Aruba
