sup guys how are ya privacy this is a
whole family lately we are going camping
all weekend
get on that bar bar my first thing we
had to get is a bunch of glow stuff hey
there's Noah
where's Noah at oh is he there there he
is taking my kids to the to the store is
like just opening up a zoo cage blending
up all free
why I don't bring you to this story I
don't know if I'm a good dad or a bad
dad most parents be like that's not safe
you guys just arrived at our huge cabin
we probably got the biggest cabin you've
ever seen this is it he's just gonna
climb up down and we got a sink it's
freaking cold outside guys it's cold
this is a cool little cabin and what's
cool about it is everybody's got to her
cabin Gilroy he's got a cabin my
brother's got a cabin my parents got a
cabin and they're all side-by-side I'll
show you what it's light out it's the
Haunted cabin oh there's lights all
right this is where we're sleeping about
that last time do you order you have a
microwave that's red no this is where
we're sleeping right oh it's awesome
itsy bitsy spider break a turd you wanna
stay here right now dude there's a cash
register and here you'll see a normal
zoo exhibit look at the baby human oh so
cute did you have fun tonight yeah did
you like the fire do was that a yawn or
now yo look at you cheese in fire
you look B
you look like I feel I want to show you
guys we also had kids birthday here's a
little footage from that it's your
birthday cane is to today guys I know no
his birthday was just a couple days ago
and that's it we're gonna start our day
have some fun
they open presents why does it look like
we've lived here for a month
alright guys till tomorrow so League up
free today we love you a smile more
excited today I'm headed up to get a new
tattoo it's been a while since my last
time well Stevo did my last tattoos but
I'm really pumped
