I'm telling you if you don't put your
seatbelt on they're gonna they're gonna
let you hear it you guys will tell us
there you go click it so we have to run
out and get a new washer Diggs on it's
just broke and boy getting out of the
house with kids is getting impossible No
nice see when I go in my film trips for
a steak everything but when it's me and
her here we got to go out it's hard to
leave the house the kids are like once
on my ankle ones on her ankle hi guys
what is your favorite candy ever let me
look at these aisles you have so many
choices you went to the gas station
right now and you had to pick one thing
what would it be
holders be am I going to count down oh
those are good I'm a sucker for Jolly
Ranchers like the hard ones the original
like hard Jolly Ranchers
they give really bad canker sores and he
complains for like three days after
whatever I never complain about anything
you get some so I love the smell subway
so much oh I'm gonna make my own car and
sent for my Instagram you guys get the
witness it I brought everything I need
fishing a string a razor to make my own
inferences
so when Robin gets an Instagram photo
idea and said you'll go to the extreme
do anything he has to do to get that
picture it's not even that extreme
you're rapping a sub and fishing line
hey this is this is comedy almost done
don't look I'll hang this in the
rearview mirror the smell of Subway in
the car everyday
it's brilliant everyday Bowl point of
this is for an Instagram photo but I
figured I'd bring you guys on for the
journey because that's why you come to
this channel it's to watch my stupidity
there we go let me turn the truck I like
the lighting I just I don't like the hey
you're not wearing your seatbelt I'm
gonna park you want I have my own mine
on
see belt is on Romans ready okay no this
is precise you probably have to get out
of the car and move the seat back so you
get a first shot I'm gonna be outside
the car like this it's their dumb
you guys better like this photo went to
so much effort all right cool
so here we are looking for Washington
tire and Britney wants a new table no I
want a table if we don't have a table
the weight was loose I was coming on so
it comes with this bench and Britney
come up with any ideas to do with a
bench if we didn't have it at the table
and I came up with a lot of things
her face always gets read on camera you
know benches and stuff
I love benches dude my legs will be
hanging off that so bad
nobody can fit on that better be happy
we got the table we need a table that I
mean the kids can only eat on the floor
for so long before I start feeling like
stop for some quick lunch at BW 3s
Brittany usually it's really healthy so
this is really bad
it's alright you gotta cheat sometimes
you got the cheat me on the other hand I
eat like yeah no no worse than again
I have the kid I am the kid of the
family
thanks man see every got lemonade on
this kid the kid of the group spicy
garlic it's my favorite again it every
time
paranoid it's the honey barbecue right
so full ate too much
those kids meals really get to you after
a while we got our washer we got our
washer you can so we can finally finally
stop
so my brother Dale is crafted up zipline
for the kids and before it gets dark I'm
gonna try it out you going on the
zipline come on you can get on there no
pain in the back you're on long crazy
that's hurricane got binky power is wrap
it up another day we're tired kids are
asleep so that means board games
possibly be playing sport games maybe I
don't know
got some hours alone with Brit today
which was great you'd be surprised I
know that sounds silly once you have
kids and stuff like that it is so hard
to get even a little time together so
it's awesome even if it's out just
goofing off and take a ridiculous
Instagram that's so dumb check it out if
you can if not you're not missing much
I'm also gonna start trying to schedule
these vlogs at the same time each day so
you guys can get on a scale you know
what I'm uploading that's when it's
gonna be instead of these random uploads
I can't keep track we hit we hit today's
vlog 12 and we broke 50,000 subscribers
which is awesome incredible huge are you
kidding me that's that's epic that's a
that's a growing army that's a big army
50,000 big things coming guys big things
coming on the main channel I can't wait
to share them with you I'll share them
with you as the days go kind of been
nice being a home
right now I've been at home for
basically since I started vlogging cuz
before that it's travelling everywhere
all over the world the country it's been
nuts so it's been great being home but
at the same time big things are coming I
can't wait to share with you obviously
this will be the first place that
anybody knows anything about the main
channel so you guys be number one I love
you guys keep that smile on your face
you guys look awesome this is how you
start a fire all you need the sparkler
one little sparkler
