welcome to the vlog guys it is our very
last day here in the beautiful but we're
running down here it's our last night so
we're gonna try to get try to get one
last snorkel and before we go home back
to Ohio back to the mud back to the cold
but look at this brain whoa oh this is
our bone yo yo we got a roof
see I got here legs everyone's clapping
and excited but we're the only ones that
want to go out in the rain and attempt a
snorkel trip so we got a few kids with
us we got mom and dad chase and Dale Mr
Attwood here there is a restroom down
dude Lucy Lucy oh that's where they
found the first saw go down there soak
it up enjoy it I've been a cat up a trip
I feel I feel like we all actually got a
real getaway like we played we hung out
as a family
we did it all feel like we really did it
and just like blurry you're blurry I
have work back you know as soon as I got
out of my wind screens blew off my
camera that does never ever happened
ever we are getting ready it's our last
day here as you guys know and we're
getting ready to do our big picture with
every single one of us in one photo Matt
sounds easy but it's very difficult
getting all the kids to smile and
everybody to just be facing looking
right into that camera is very very
difficult so if we nail it I will post
it and you guys know be the judge of it
we just want a big family photo for
memory hey you've been the best you've
been the best if I come back it's
because of you ha ha ha so happy that
lady has been awesome are you doing mama
the tard great at home literally has its
spots today no scare Noah I'm a scaring
off
hey you ready go home right I know it
sounds crazy but I think everybody's
ready to get home I think that's the
perfect trip when you're actually ready
to get home it's worse when you you're
here and you you're you cannot leave I'm
not going home ready for her big picture
hey what's your name Ron Aires Brian he
found his pole all right all right the
ladies are over here going first gonna
try to get all their hats that they had
Brittany had made with all their names
what's your name Jess
James this is I tell them apart now
Vicki Brittany that's starting to fill
in look at Cora's oh good job Brit get
on my out of your bread take your
get out of here right stomp away
yo that's gold right there just waiting
on you Eliza just waiting on you you
know good thing no she's not over break
down dishes everything happens you have
to be very careful at this moment this
is the difference between getting the
photo and not getting the photo I'm
already gone off the Photoshop the photo
shot what is that all the kids in the
shop everything we do is completely off
my little girl oh oh I just got that
that last day on the island vibe it hit
me
very good
oh yes okay there you go
go there it is well Liza ripped it off
hey Liza Mama's hat mama say mom mama I
got it I got it
hey all right we're gonna get this
complicated photo did that waves are
coming before our fixer horse falling oh
that's it perot-gore I've gotta look
left a little bit direct them chase
direct them you're a monkey Derek good
job yo sand flea we're gonna take a big
photo we need everybody in it every
choice go rinse off right now three two
one pinch off you little flea hill flea
flicker uh-oh oh no nadir
oh my gosh all right now the hard shot
all of us all of us in one picture let's
to meet our easy dude I can't believe
this
Blaz everybody ready let's do this let's
do this I have to have my blood camera
in my hands at all times so it'll be on
the photo it's a race it's a race to the
room room race ha ha you lose huh Oh
always got their moves he's got them
slick moves he took the passing lane
he's going back to little palm I can
catch him if I think all right very
funny you win I lose
all right get cleaned up we're gonna go
sit down how about oh my god you know
what this is forever this is forever
I beat started going away and then I
keep messing with them and causing it to
be worse so this is just who I am now
this is welcome to the me so I asked
this question I think at the end of
every trip your lives that are you ready
for this question oh are you just like
BAM slam it on me okay I'm slammed
that's the best of BAM slam question
Noah what is your favorite part of this
trip I don't know Brian's fishing you
got the bruise to prove it what is it
what is it what is that what are you
doing with it bigger than the cat that
cats next year that cats can be 4 foot
tall and so it's easy for me to sit here
and say having family here was my
favorite part but I mean that was great
that's the highlight but the short guy
for me was surreal I still smile when I
think about it it was on I could have
sat down there all day not even swam
just sat at the bottom and observe them
sharks it was so much fun
yeah now mine I'd have to say was the
same but for a different reason I felt
like I escaped death well I got yeah the
end of the dive like that night I felt
angelic like rising above have you done
stuff with your life you got it other
than the family and having everybody
here
the cave when we jumped into the cave oh
yeah also one of Brian's favorite verse
he got the bruises to prove it you got
the bruise it Brian oh mylanta
oh the reason why I didn't jump huh you
were the smart one what's your favorite
part chase my favorite part would have
to be going from not snorkeling ever
what you actually kind of being really
good at your snorklers nor clear an
except scuba there it is Britt what
favorite part tomorrow when we go into
your class mark my words you guys see it
is going to yell at us from our stand up
all right well home is a great place to
be country favorite moment terrific face
that's right scuba diver a certified and
go anywhere in the world and done that's
amazing then my second part is just I
would say the family super fun and I
would say we both that certified that's
right
Jess mom Dale what you got for the first
time I hardly ever get to see Korra I
feel like for every day Noah yeah
terrible losing our shark decoy Dale yes
I'm predictable everything water sports
the the waverunner snorkel trip was
incredible the shark dive the scuba
diving and these kids destroying each
other back here Oh round one round one
fight they're gonna kill each other
you guys are brothers love each other oh
oh he's got that doubles
all right guys forgive me for cutting
the vlog off right now but I gotta go
we're packing all night this place is
like we've been living here for two
years we are we're gonna pack out call
it a day we're heading out in the
morning back home back to the crazy Oh
ha back to our home we're all excited to
get home had an amazing trip like it's
unreal but we are all actually ready to
get home like get back into are drying
it back into what we do and just be home
flash flash you gonna yell at us big
time he's gonna be so mad we love you
guys so much thanks for being a part of
this trip being a part of everything we
do you are beautiful
oh we ended it earlier I'm gonna cut to
that right now to the family ending it
love you guys
see you tomorrow the last day in the
Bahamas I just want everybody to know
that you're beautiful
you
