what up guys welcome to the vlog idiot
my neighbors like rumbling out here
don't you cut figure what's going on
really really glad I'm not the only one
making noise out here you know in this
area I'm like I'm the bad guy
I gotta do that oh I love it you know
Brett it's nice if somebody's finally
making some noise around here this is my
neighbor Brett and what is this thick
drags the heck dude can you start it oh
my gosh do we need to go do some
burnouts hey you see these little holes
right here so when they get wore down
that's when you know you need a new tire
so Brett hasn't been doing very good
burnouts are you serious yeah these
things are like now also the holes are a
good thing yeah that tells you like so
when you get down to nothing that's when
you got everything there we go start
this beast I can't see do my eyes
that'll wake everybody up you just pull
that over to my house and wake me up in
the morning sing your job for your what
you have to pay for filming that is
helping you that freaking dragster dude
it's so nice of him to let me store my
new dragster over his house cuz we're
out of room we have no more space so
yeah he's gonna let me store it over his
house yeah yeah it's money dragster
Kayne I got a dragster you're right
hi baby hi baby boy doesn't feel that
good today guys today is my absolute
worst like I don't feel that bad right
now I feel good that's why I'm filming
but my eye can't see nothing man
like I hold I show my phone to Brett I
was like is this picture super blurry is
she think no it's crystal clear I can't
see anything like my screen is just like
this just like you'd get out of shower
and your mirrors covered in like it's
like that I want to wipe my screen I'm
gonna I'm gonna man up today I'm not
gonna baby it yesterday I really milked
it I was like big baby
I did the boohoo thumbnail like I milked
it hard today I don't you shake your
mommy's gpo were ya in Korra hasn't felt
that good today she's been really just
hang in hey Cora you want to vlog again
today
you gonna blog today okay she just
tossed the fuel okay remember you gotta
put your face in it remember hold it out
like that and then and then say hi okay
we're working on it guys she just wants
to mess with the screen and touch
everything but you're getting there
you're getting it I know and that's how
I feel when people take my camera away
I'm like no I just want to vlog
distracted so welcome to today's vlog
guys we are about to finish up Cain
schooling Brett go get your ring please
right now please
Housel think yes where is it I'm so mad
at ya I I would rather you never take it
off
I'd rather get ruined see if I can hold
my breath the whole time the basements
so bad oh dude I'm not kidding a match
in here I think you would hi it's bad
every day brick comes down in our little
homemade gym here and I'm just supposed
to find this thing she does a lot of bar
weights with her trainer like squatting
stuff and she's afraid there cuz one of
her rings her wedding band is all
diamonds all the way around and she
thinks the bar was gonna like can't
scratch a dime unless the bars may not
diamonds unless unless it's a diamond
bar you can't scratch the diamond what
yeah I just found them I got oh I'm not
gonna do a workout you want your mouth
guard yo it is rank down here oh my god
Brian I don't know what you didn't have
you walked down there yo it smells like
we could explode you know how many kids
roll down basement steps cor we did this
because we love you if I'm like me
yesterday
rings don't take them off ever you don't
know I'm just saying like what are you
gonna scratch you're gonna look you
can't scratch a diamond you can touch
the metal around I'm in true you're
right take them off it's just given
Brian all these hats okay let's go knock
out school get er done so yeah I'm down
let's go
she wants Brian to party let's go get to
paycheck and go can't go up until she's
giving you all the hats all the hats
gotta go to Brian before one more one
more hot there you go it's Brian she's
got this routine you gonna be partying
this weekend Brian Kingsley a little
more school to get dance we're doing
that and yeah and I woke up this morning
guys last night
I'm not kidding the recovery of this eye
surgery is rough raaah gonna come hang
out in our little classroom nice shot we
gonna color it up yeah are we gonna
color huh
what we gonna make paint and this girls
on it today she is boss baby I got a
trivia question for you guys for the
viewers cuz I know we already know but
what did this come from what is that
from no it's been a while
what is that from actually you can see
it goes look at that look at that wall
okay what's that the metal is me the
letter Z all right
too hard
ready ready bunk
do it do it again yeah are you ready to
bunk you are doing it yeah see yeah yeah
do you want to do it again do you undo
it again she says yeah are you all done
you done with school
hey y'all done nice good job man Friday
baby okay so jumping into a painting
project and that's Cora
okay so from the last clip that you just
seen with me and Cora with the truck to
this clip I fell asleep on that beanbag
like I literally covered my eyes because
all the lights
I'm not kidding there's like huge halos
around all of them I wish I could show
you guys and then any LEDs those lights
under there they all have giant
spiderweb lights around them like
exactly like a spider what I cannot
explain it although I have big fast
spider webs around them and that's what
I've been seeing so I laid on the
beanbag just to close my eyes for a
minute and I passed out
so I'm waking up to a little painting
project right on the kitchen floor it's
like the perfect spot I see so you're
gonna let her pain at all and then peel
the C off
yeah nice is she gonna do an orm a I
have a hole it's been a painting week
first the pumpkins
now the paintin those neons are say sure
yeah where is okay it's like three
strips of tape okay so I think this
Sunday you guys know I'm doing like real
stories that's happened to us things
that like Sunday's are like turning into
our like real talks like our our Sunday
our lazy day it's pretty much what since
I have my eye surgery has been like I
haven't just done anything but this
Sunday I think I have like I have a
crazy story that I want to share with
you guys it's about our insurance
company
we've had the same insurance company for
10 years legit like wait like we've had
our insurance company forever and keep
in mind we have never made a single
claim right so we've been doing this for
10 years we've been paying our insurance
company for 10 years
you weren't even why that's right and
they're dropping us and in the notes of
why they're dropping us is because of
our YouTube videos guys 10 years paying
a company now keep in mind we've been
doing YouTube the entire time never made
a single claim and now we're being
dropped because of our YouTube videos
dude I'm getting I'm getting into
details with this they're dropping
everything our vehicles our home our
everything we have is insured through
this company for 10 years and we've
never made a claim right so they just
been collecting collecting clunk
collecting
and now in and now we're getting dropped
because of our YouTube videos dude
I'm speechless I wanna I want to dig
into all the details and get all the
details and then Sunday maybe next
Sunday but this Sunday hopefully I'm
gonna get into like this cuz it's so
frustrating man imagine giving some of
the art like your money for 10 years
then them dropping you because of
something you've done for the last 10
years it's crazy I don't want to get
into that right now it's not the right
video but kind of a lead up to what my
plan is for like real talks this Sunday
huh you don't make the K with me I need
a long one one long strip hit me yeah
or you can just lay it like right here
you got this boy didn't you wear that
shirt yesterday
are you sure I feel like you wore that
shirt yesterday
I got this you pull it pull pull pull
he ate pretty good yeah he did
maybe nice way to go feet up boy you
don't want to paint it with a1 sauce all
right we got--okay that's good right
nice and center Oh Cory you're doing
amazing
there's not even any on the floor is
there definitely didn't get any on your
pants either this girl's an artist get
it over here and get in there go look at
these rollers you want a roll one yeah
let's do it
check this out Green Green Green Green
oh yeah would be cool here Cora watch
Eddie roll it roll it like this ready
I'm ready dude which step one roll it on
okay okay I like where you going with
this I think I do
I don't know if I'm seeing it right
what's he doing oh I think she likes you
you want a roller you go roll it up girl
just trying it's a double dipping all
right let's yeah
step two oh my half of that probably
went on Brett I like the idea so kids
are pretty much entertaining themselves
I gotta put in these ones are the worst
cuz of like you know it's like putting
milk did you shake it yeah I did anyway
don't go up my nose is this super creepy
for you I see that my eyes is what
everything's white oh I'm members oozes
drops or white
that's funny how he he saw for a second
yes all right so now you've great five
minutes five minutes and then put the
new other drops in and these two are
fighting over I think that's enough
glitter they just like weight from one
palette four pallets for Cora what are
you doing do you like painting yeah you
already got that one and yours is
looking pretty cool yours is done I
think you mean you're gonna leave the
edges white yeah no I should starting to
get messy starting to get messy all she
wants to his pain is are you hoping Kane
I think working legit is for a while
wait
I don't think Kane wants you to paint
with your knee
Korra look at your knees look at your
pants Cora we look at your pants
speaking of liquid of course those is a
little liquidy Hey look look at your
knees look at your knees and your toes
that's gonna take a while to dry maybe
we put it on yours is right behind you
look bad are you trying to use your sock
as a paint brush her foot looks like it
already is a paint brush but after the
paint comes the bottles full bath times
the best part I was so bad now I can
show you guys my vision right now like
the recovery is way different than I was
expecting this totally opposite like
legit and they said like you could get
worse tomorrow I'm thinking like if it's
any worse
there's no way that's gonna be this I
just don't buy it
huh in all honesty guys I want to say
thank you for being here seriously what
a time to like have an issue when I just
started daily vlogging again like it
couldn't be any other time you know kids
making phone calls now there's any other
time any other time I just simply want
to vlog but because I just literally
said welcome back to daily vlog I'm
vlogging through this no joke like it's
just not really necessary well because I
started the street the little tiny
streak of like a teen blog I'm like nah
we're uploaded I'm not gloating no
matter what so here we are and I just
want to see Clark now okay good
I see my little girl in the bathtub
she's so freaking cute yeah that's
covered in bubbles anyway um just thank
you guys for so much I always thank you
through all my blogs bub thanks for
sticking around through this crowd it's
like so annoying we're gonna get through
it
well punch through it so now I'm gonna
sugarcoat it we're going to cuddle up on
the couch and
really probably I'll probably watch as
much as possible but the lighting is
just so haloed like now computer I just
complain this whole video but like I'm
not even playing he's actually kind of
weird all the lights of these giant
rings a light all the way around like
halos basically my camera screen it's
right light I think it's the contacts
and there's like nothing I can do like I
put the drops and nothing changes that I
think they're just drying out or
something Cory do you want to say
goodbye you wanna say bye bye now I'm
making ice cream we'll get it back on
pace for you guys very soon you want to
say bye bye say bye camera ah there's
people inside there yeah there's there's
people inside there no see nobody you
know show me ice cream show him your ice
cream yeah you can hold it like this you
can show them your ice cream there you
go just like now there's my feet and my
legs and my belly yes is that your belly
camera makes her crazy makes us all
crazy we love you guys we will see you
tomorrow
hopefully my eyes are good they're
telling me not till Monday and each
day's like a little worse which has got
me super freaked out
cuz it's bad right now not with painting
just with my vision so bad and pain-wise
is good I'm good on that love you guys
thank you so much for being here
see you tomorrow beautiful you're one of
a kind smile
you
