no you got going on dude what do you got
going on yep okay this is handling what
are you doing were you trying to get
candy with just your mouth is that the
goal anybody else totally lost right now
like cut cut
I feel like I'm in the toilet what are
you doing what are you saying I don't
understand yeah I saw your head in the
bucket all right
were you a magician you some type of I
didn't actually see you get that what is
up guys welcome to it's gonna be a weird
one I can already tell you I it what
time it's uh 6 o'clock p.m. most of our
days already spent what are you doing
the ladies are chillin I uh not gonna
lie I felt it today at all I actually
just posted on Twitter I was like it's
the first day since they came back to
daily vlogging that I just haven't felt
it like ah no motivation there's like no
energy there's like the only place I'm
comfortable right now is with my eyes
shut or right after I've done my eye
drops I think the surgery just has me
like uncomfortable like I don't know I
feel like a big baby today legit class
has been taking core out I let them in
for a little bit if you come in today
and just like aloud or down like like a
bulldozer look I'm just the bulldozer
huh why are you so pumped sit say dance
mommy
let's try this for the pickiest dog on
the planet we're going with three with
this dry it's all like the best of the
best flash all right come on buddy come
on tell me I don't look good even for us
I mean it smells delicious watch watch
I'll pick you this dog is I think we got
a winner dude I played entire like
steaks off the grill down for him and he
just backs away huh maybe that's why
he's eating it he thinks the cats are
gonna get it first
look at him coming in like all sharks in
the ocean any other time I would feed
that dog he would not just done that's
so funny dance Lance it girl
so let me let me show you guys what I've
been doing all day mainly I Drive it on
my phone too much too like that's not
helping my eyes but they told me I had
an appointment this morning early they
told me I'm fine too like I can watch TV
again I can work on the computer I just
have to keep these they're like natural
tears it's like creates the liquid in my
eyes and that helps a lot but then I
have these that I have to take every
four hours which are eye drops in just
in case you don't know yesterday I had
my eye surgery done so much my is today
are very sensitive what what
Kayne's all about likes right now I'd
like how many how many likes that are
videos yes the people he watches have
lots of likes and he wants a lot of
likes anyway yeah so I've been doing all
these 400,000 that's a lot of likes the
eye drops I don't even know what these
really do but every four hours I have
two I'm terrible at eyedrops I learn
like it's so hard here don't me try to
put these in I just missed like half my
face is guys notice my lashes are back
so I'm bugging today I don't know what
that reason was okay so these are just
like natural tears basically what's like
I've never put any type of drop in my in
my life right so this is super like
weird to me so you just touch your
eyelid or do you watch I'll probably get
it right no yeah I think that's perfect
yeah that actually was that felt good I
think the thing is just have it hold it
open to it so you can't shut it and then
have it close enough to where you don't
mess all about getting it in is it oh
yeah everyone's or what's everyone's
videos apology my apology you know this
is hashtag my apology too far out how I
felt today legit I'm like what am I
going to do I'm coming that's the
clickbait for today my apologies not
even that like me today was the first
day guys since I what are we on like day
1817 something like that first day very
first day that I was like I just don't
got it today I'm yeah uncle no I felt
the same way I'm uncomfortable I was
like I don't want to put on like the
fake I feel great I just I was like one
film and it's just gonna be me like no I
literally crying like a baby
this whole week has been so strange and
weird
I went got my lashes done today and my
one I had like a strange reaction it was
all red of like this has literally been
our week
like if the 1% strangest thing can
happen it happened all all except for
your eyes sounds like to me
thankfully your eye surgery wasn't that
1% yeah and it went really good
I feel good overall this is irritating
yeah okay
everybody has them days right you have
days you just don't want to do anything
you had a job is no matter what your you
have days were you like I don't want to
do nothing it's been raining for two
three days straight I think it's
definitely the weather um Tom was
already in that mood I was already in
that mood of like I don't want to do
anything right and then I topped it with
like this irritation where it really
feels good when I'm like this right here
just I shot that I don't burn if my eyes
are shut
but then I'm bored death like a half I
got I got to be doing something so I
like get on my phone and that definitely
doesn't help my eyeballs I should
probably not be on my phone so much but
what well you're not my boss what you
gonna do what you gonna do nothing you
can take me down this is it oh yes get
me girl she said now she's on my team
she's on my team yeah no honey of you
Veronica's been here crushing it today
yeah I just don't know maybe a little
babyish but honestly just not feeling
that really no motivation at all tried
like going online like looking up
motivational quotes everything else
because I have felt the same it doesn't
help
but it's not all of it I felt the same
way Oh me yeah hey pretty girl what'd
you go out those are cool
those are really cool so I wasn't gonna
miss the day I just wanted everybody to
be aware why not exciting today we're
just really gonna say hello
just upload she wants me to have no one
you don't want keen to have your life Oh
boss baby baby boss right here yep give
them to her and see what she does the
jump rope jump jump jump jump all day
long jump jump on us in this song I like
this new chair can have you tried this
new chair it is nice look at your
influence now she's jumping on the couch
even looking at so my screen on my
camera's flipped up and even looking at
that I feel like they oh let me tell you
about my appointment today that's
probably good thing to talk about maybe
that's why I'm down a little bit because
like the recovery time I really didn't
understand the recovery time but it's
five days and they said that my vision
is gonna get worse and worse each day up
until that fifth day and these car I've
contacts like five day conducts and then
I can't remove
until that fifth day which they have to
remove them I went in today and I'm like
yeah it's a little scratch it's little
it burns a little bit and they're like
that's gonna worsen each day which is
not good for me because I gotta film
each day it's literally complete office
like your mom feels amazing today she
like drove oh yeah because my mom
actually got I didn't get actual LASIK
mine's different I forget the name of it
okay I don't think it's okay
it is PRK I got I got PRK LASIK okay
lasix would they like cut your eyeball
open and lift the flap up mine is like
where they take the top of your eyes I
don't know but basically my recovery
times a lot longer my mom at LASIK she's
like up and about last night she called
me it was like I can see that I can see
all the ways through the backyard and I
was so happy for her yeah yeah so like
it's kind of a little a little bit of
recovery time so by Monday I get to I
get to get these out and I think that's
where they said I'm gonna be like back
like perfect so pumped about that and I
don't know I'm going out for a run maybe
I should take it carry with me okay do
you guys want to see me for fun I don't
know I was just thanking
going we're gonna go to a life back yeah
okay great question baby well if he has
a great question I don't know I think
we're just trying to think of what
different things that film like things
that we actually do ya know well so
coming back to dailies we were like I've
already caught myself a couple times
being like yeah we could do that for the
vlog instead of just like let's continue
to do what we do and just film it like
that's the goal but I think we just you
fall into the trap of like entertaining
constantly and you know there's a part
of us that are always gonna try to
entertain and create that's where we
started from us we crazy back it's
really fun to just watch back at these
little ones grow in and don't you touch
that carpet that come or flush off the
carpet come here flash off the carpet
come here flush come here flash off the
carpet off the car you don't mean you're
a meanie man no boy good boy was that
good did you actually eat did you
actually eat everything she gets excited
there and then he turns and pushes kora
through the wall he's like yeah ki
cooties you like it
cooties I'll for carpet you want to say
hi say hi
see okay you want to vlog you want to
vlog you got to point it up point it up
point she already understands here hold
it right here and then pull it out city
 City yeah ready
cities yeah look see the baby on there
can you film mommy here turn it this way
and it's this way can you film mommy
round and around and around we go
I know it's like bright orange
huh I can white maybe you should get
your eyes checked out this is not black
and white outside what you talking about
is like bright purple and orange and
yellow second ago it was just bright
orange like completely orange it
wouldn't show on camera so I didn't film
it but it was just like the whole sky
was orange in school like a painting
rather just do circles all right that's
our just upload anything vlog you guys
know when I started I said even if we
can't film a day we're gonna just upload
anything so that is today this is
actually a very realistic video this is
like actually more of what our life is
like sometimes it's very laid-back it's
not as crazy and exciting as it always
seems I think you just proved my plan or
not I don't know but we love you guys
thanks for being here on our awesome
days and our boring days and if you want
to make Kane's day of course we make
ours too but Kane has been all about the
lights it would be really cool to
surprise and look like I don't know I
feel like you guys can a hundred no
problems if you aim for a hundred that
would be really cool
hundred thousand likes on today's very
weird vlog this girl's about to take
over this house do you looking them eyes
look at him eyes what am I gonna do and
it's both of you to an all-boys now I
got two girls we love you guys so much
we'll see you tomorrow hopefully for a
full day of it hopefully we'll see am I
am stressed about it my eyes suck I'm
just gonna cry the whole day on cam we
have been trying to plan our um
overnight stay in the Escalade yeah
we're gonna do it tomorrow but I don't
think he's gonna seal up we need to do
it cuz this is getting cold out gotta go
we love you beautiful you're one of a
kind
smile
you
