hi baby what's up how are ya how has
everybody gone
hey Kane what's up Noah hey nice to see
ya I'm using my inside voice this is my
inside voice chorus sleeping nitro what
up tux is hiding back here toss toss
sleeping you get to take out the trash
you got headphone marks from your games
can't get it get it Kane oh that's a
diaper one full of diapers hey you guys
want to try the boat thing you really
want to let's do it okay it's charged I
have the little boats are fully charged
but I think we need the big boat taxi
boy you guys we got this idea that I
could pull the kids in the pond within
our SIBO totally will work and don't
work maybe it might want to pop up I
don't know it's hard to tell that's
right you can just wrap your quarter in
the pond go goose all right sergeant
it's charging let's go I'll follow you
Go Go Go what up dude what's up baby how
are you man here I'll tie it up get
these boats running
they forgot the little ones don't flip
it drove it nice oh gosh Oh
oh yeah
see ya the race is on plug these two
look at these two get a map get a vamp
you got him you yes
got it had to rescue a boat or a boat
down bring it back man Anna Anna Anna
these things are so fun
hope you guys are having an awesome day
we are hanging out here at the house
Brittany's inside with Cora she is
sleeping like most of the time the girl
sleeps like crazy that's what they do we
do get some look at the flower beds some
look good around here got all the new
like whatever this is called the border
some stone and these these were already
here but the new lattice from the dogs
tearing it all up we we started all the
stone around the pond it comes all the
way around this side just the back side
of it I love it I think it looks so nice
this place has really come to life and
we've already I'm so glad we got lucky
using it this summer because it wasn't
supposed to be filled until next year
and now now this is where the kids spin
and burn most of their energy now it's
amazing
get them cane get him yeah guys hang it
out as a family today we're not really
doing much I'm gonna go check this RC
boat so I'm gonna try to pull the kids
on that hot dog and then we great and
this stone the stone hasn't been washed
yet so it just it looks like mud it's
just like dirty rocks once you wash it's
really pretty and colorful and yeah pull
see I got a 40 right now just they're
gonna be quiet its core still sleeping
she's an out still kids are out here oh
my god both computers are gone guys we
are taking an official game break that
goes for everybody in the house we're
taking a break from games - me I'm still
playing games 100% yeah but I've got a
secret spot for mine it's gonna be
secret secret daddy game time ha ha no
but this has have been a major major
decision and we just need a break from
games like its its ruling the house okay
I cannot explain canes like every
thought is like when he's playing his
next video game am I too weak out of
like no like we gotta stop it
an addiction it's a serious area they
make the game so good I want to play it
right now on there
they're so good so we're taking know
maybe a week off from video games not
solid like no games ever but like we're
gonna take a break from it I know it
sounds horrible right it's like mean
what is this a prison what are you guys
doing what are you doing in the garage
huh what are you guys doing what is
Becca that you always want just rope
what is back here flash get it get it I
said he is always digging back here I
don't know what it is probably maybe a
mouse or something what's back here okay
okay
batteries aren't dumb but they're really
close I think I'm just gonna pull them
and get what we get don't throw a fit
yeah this guy right here is a nasty boat
I mean this thing is a beast we watch
this channel for a while you already
know it is it's so fun okay this is by
the bus why I need both hands to drive I
might be able to get it from here if you
guys hold on I got a vlog and drive the
boat I want you guys to hold on to the
boat I'll see if I can pull you in the
hot dog this thing's gnarly
oh yeah you lay like that and then
you'll hold on to the boat I have to
paddle to the boat actually I have
reverse you guys I can't turn this I'm
vlogging I'm like really bad here okay
no way well I won't you're gonna
actually put weight on it and push it
down okay but don't push it underwater
you keep it above water Eddy keep hold
it on its sides on its sides I can't
steer anyway so you guys have to just
ready
you got this you got this
i'ma take I'm gonna take you boys to
victory you just don't let it go
underwater
I'll start real slow ready
hold on the back of the boat try the
back of the boat like with your hands
around the boat
yeah what's just gonna pop a wheelie you
just got to keep it from drowning like
you got to keep it above water you got
it on tight hey yeah I'm going nice and
slow
there you go there you go hey watch this
watch this ready ready ready ready see
ya hey you guys you got to go rescue
this wreck there it's over there against
that pole epic epic splash cam you guys
ready splash cam
do it again everyone said no one's this
yet don't worry I'm a professional like
being surrounded by a shark
you guys can hide all you want I'm a
crazy boat driver what is this what is
this Cora what's up girl
she just eat nigga some laughs out of
her she gonna start giggling I never
like with know I'd even think about it
with Kane I didn't think of it but every
day I'm like she's almost laughing she's
gonna be giggling and I can't wait she's
gonna be one of the girls play with
their hair
she thinks she's falling she's like I
don't know about this position what's
going on huh hi baby
get that out there hey oh hey hi baby
there's so much concentration to sit
there like that Cora but seriously like
I'm Kat like I can't wait for the day
like I love entertaining her my only
goal is to make her smile and laugh and
I can't wait till the day she cracks a
lot like giggle you know anything like
that baby giggle or they're just so
happy and jolly and goofy but for now
it's just concentration how do I stay up
how do I stay up on this pillow Cora do
you see yourself do you see yourself
pinky queen you to Queen of the binky's
Queen Anne to Mickey's
OOP
get er Korra get her car out yeah you're
gonna good I love your smile baby what's
it flush to your flashy I start calling
you squeakers you got a laugh guess what
guess what there's gonna be three months
all this month three months old
that's crazy girl it's time for the
Battle of the beanbags student intern
oh dude watch this but you ate my finger
okay four-wheel Oh 360
this is like the wear out the kids for
the rest of the night but core is a
sleep type mode where it's like you got
to be quiet but you want to be loud type
mode and we're up here trying to land on
the most soft quiet thing on the entire
house
beanbag website it's almost silent
listen right sound test sound test ready
here good even here nothing ready you
have to be totally completely sign no so
all right I build a lot of leg ten out
of ten I built a lot of Legos in my days
I'm really proud of this guy I don't
know why I can't focus on him but it's
velocerator donated what is it I think
it's a boss or a poker
it's a blossom reason yes let's see it
that's your house I mean I don't want to
live there but I like it I don't know
give you a tour so use the microwave I
love it okay scene cook my kid perfect
is he a magician I feel like you could
build a garage right here for
velocerator hmm crashes if there's a
mouse all the way open his mouth you
just yank it open all the way there you
go
that's full crash face let's see it cane
what you guys see your couch that's
right where's this kitchen table
yeah little offset kind of like we had a
couch huh table what is this Oh a bed
over at Cana and as his character was
head first I thought that was the bed
all right guys we are sorry we're
working into the night attic what no she
said guys thanks for hanging out with us
today we'd love you had a great time
with the kids we we just played and it
was awesome no games rocked today I
didn't think it was gonna go smooth but
it was awesome they had a great time
thank you guys for watching thanks for
being a part of our daily vlogs and we
will see you tomorrow you're beautiful
you're one of a kind
you
