take that what is up guys welcome to day
6 just to catch you up on today bringing
out up at like 6:00 5:30 this morning
which is the end of the world for me if
I gotta get up at 5:30 it is game Oh
like I'm miserable in the morning Cora
was up all night I mean I came to bed to
pee at 2:00 a.m. she's done and gone to
bed
I came to bed at 2:00 a.m. core was
still like like up rolling around I
gotta put a GoPro on core while she
sleeps
it is like it would if I time lapsed it
through the night it'd just be like this
crazy baby Britt went to the dentist and
I don't know 7 this morning and I am
just basically picked her up and then
picked up some food that's where we're
at right now itself it's it was a much
bigger day than it probably sounds but
uh that's where we're at right now we're
headed home how is it she gots to dated
and I was so hoping that when I picked
her up she was gonna be like still under
sedation so should be funny but you're
not funny
her I was like completely crooked from I
may be fleshy what's up good all our
pawn toys packed up the season's come so
fast feels like we just got those out to
play with they're already packed up and
done for the year we got my windshield
put the windshield back on in the winter
windshields back on so temperature be
dropping little shaky yeah this rug is
not gonna last we got that yesterday at
that store I didn't really tell white
they were until we got them in the house
those are gonna be all mud who is that
who is that little pet let me let her
put your hand
say hi cane hi burn just wriggle out
let's go party dude Korra what is this
where's that car look at my hand what is
that get it oh god buggy now that's what
I'm talking about just the man I wanted
to see busting the old ramps earlier I
was like do we still have those there
literally look like they're a hundred
years old
we stub all these old ramps needs to be
like white or gray gray no was that the
original yeah that's kind of what the
East look like we were cane had it he's
out riding his bike this morning I was
like let's get the old ramps out maybe
get the our seas out like let's just you
know way Cory you want to drive the
truck hey come here you want drive the
truck turn the wheel
turn it come but I guess ready here show
her how it's done
look at the truck look at the truck here
comes here comes here comes you know
you're right on it yes yeah are you
waving at a truck still race to the
century don't
Oh cheated Geddes - out here grazing on
what's left of the grass for winter I'm
all right you're all right send it 360
no footy can can't ex up hope you guys
are having an awesome day Brittany is
sleeping which means it's get the kids
out of the house we have a basement and
an upstairs and our room sits in the
middle so pretty much every sound just
like boom boom boom so when it's nap
time for mom she poor girl I literally
had like two three hours of sleep I
swear to get the kids outside have some
fun burn some energy and play I just
like to play honestly that's what it's
all about now I'm gonna send this one
cane I'm gonna pin this one to the moon
the other thing just got some subtext
like this I just dropped it baby I'm
perfect landing Bay that was executed
perfectly
you smashed me to hit my Brian's truck
will you think of these crazy trucks huh
you don't pet it yeah we can either like
a stuffed animal strapped to the top of
this huh what a double backflip I don't
know about that
don't do a double core ahead oh my gosh
you try to climb up it's already really
starting to look cold out here man
there's all kinds of Leafs in the pond
the grass is dying just wrap it in the
water dude
ramp it ramp it ramp it we didn't get
everything we wanted to do out here you
guys know we poured this pad which is
really cool really nice but we had so
many plans for like the end of summer
with like the grill and like the outdoor
furniture it has never happened this is
as far as we got that guy it's like
looking at something that's been just
left for years but we were gonna tear
down the flip and fly but then I thought
instead of sliding down this wood this
year hey are you having fun in there
that we would at least leave the vinyl
on and see if the ice member last year
we slid across the ice well maybe the
vine will make that even more fun this
year as well I think yeah we're gonna
need a big broom dude I know yeah yeah
maybe it's looking rough dude this thing
got beat up this year yeah soft either I
think all our foam I think all our foam
smashed preparing for the winter to be
so fun man how many of you guys were
here last winter where we filled a
go-cart track here on the pond we put
screws and all the tires we cut a giant
circle out of the ice and we made the
whole island rotate we did a Polar
Plunge where we went under the water a
massive spider where oh yeah dude he's
looking for kid brains the winter vlogs
were a blast like we did so much I put
my x3 we broke through the water with
the tracks on
we we did a lot I feel like this year
will be fun to like I have some new
ideas new fun stuff some bigger slides
this slip and slide which we didn't have
last year no I don't want to kill him
he's a good spider did you know if he
bites you you'll turn into spider-man
yeah all right flashes I'll Drive you
crazy
goofballs are they what are they do they
fly can i chew them
okay can I steal and bury him dog
berries everything did you give him
something you should take apples off
that tree and bury him in the dirt again
in a Kurt - and I never see look at the
dirtiest noses he digs Jane uh he kept
coming to me and saying he wants to hit
some golf balls in the backyard yeah I
thought you made love glove horse and
clubs bring the clubs there was this
this whoa I found these clubs for like
three dollars yeah yeah I think there's
a putt those are putters I think you can
hit that one I'm not a golfer like at
all I know very little about it but
Caine was like I wanna hit some golf
balls in backyard I found him some golf
gear you know these are called thanks
sticks coming that's a good name for him
what's this a bag of tees
yeah that's what they're called tees i
shouldn'ta ground yeah that'll work
much like what are you doing you put
things in the ground - oh you got it you
know what you're doing okay only I had
legs to stand on and arms to hold things
okay this is the first golf ball you've
ever hit okay let's see it okay it's
your first hit right in the flushes he's
it's gone no I mean it's gone he took it
one of the first problems might be the
clubs way too long oh my god happy
gilmore okay aim for it aim for it I'll
just swing it like a baseball it's not
baseball oh boy whoo hey it's better
okay I'm gonna show you how to do it
next time okay they're getting better
watch it having ad time of his life okay
you don't have to swing it like a
baseball bat
it's not baseball like this I don't you
didn't do that okay
you can swing it front of the ball to
practice and that's what you call a
hole-in-one
just just tap it in give a little tap
tap tap-a-roo keep the flat part
straight when you hit the ball you want
to keep it yeah oh that's your maniac
your maniac crazy this one's going to
the moon oh yeah get the ball to there
alright that looks more of a just a
driving range kind of guy not a coarse
golf course guy I was always like just
get a bucket of balls and just smash
them as far as I can back or see I have
none skill zero I'm a whack in it I'm up
there with the best okay you're getting
there oh man it looks nice that's pretty
right there that's some fall air they
wake up mama say wake up mommy bird you
ain't never gonna sleep tonight
tell her oh Cain fell asleep hora Cain
fell asleep yeah you went to sleep you
think you can wake him up let's say we
partied RC trucks
she got sleepy she's starting get some
hair on my sleepy birds everybody so
sleepy who is that
is that Cora oh no come here come here
let's see check it out came on to cut
his pumpkin open and see the brains like
dad dad
more like the smell did I think pumpkin
smell good but Cora what are you wearing
huh what do you she just started waving
to us baby in a basket baby in a basket
all the way to the couch oh oh the
baskets take it off hang on are you
stuck maybe in a basket oh my gosh Cora
try again mommy
mom mom dad my dad say tickle tickle
tickle
she's farting all over my car you fart
are you burning say yes are you burning
my mom mom can you yell for Caine no CK
nerd yo firm ah he didn't come ah that's
so shields for King Sakina
ah well you've made it from the bed to
the couch
it's a rough night for you
rough day rough guys tomorrow kind of a
cool story actually you guys know I went
and I had my vision check to see if I
was eligible to get laser surgery on my
eyes so that I no longer have to wear
glasses well I can do it I scheduled my
appointment and then my mom called me
and she was like hey how did it go blah
blah blah and I'm like you should go and
see if you can get it cuz she's you know
I was the same problems I have but worse
she called us like I don't know a couple
days after and she said hey I got
approved I can get the laser surgery
done I never have to wear my glasses
again and I got my appointment with
yours so me and my mom it's crazy yeah
me and my mom is getting a laser surgery
tomorrow morning together I love it it's
so exciting to me I don't know I'm so
happy for my mom to be able to do this
I'm so ecstatic about that so me and my
mom are going to get laser surgery on
her eyes tomorrow and I was not nervous
at all about it but now I'm starting to
get nervous
you know I get my teeth done you're done
so yeah that's tomorrow officially
getting my laser surgery on my eyes
which I'm pumped about no it's like 10
minutes and I it's like in and out like
the quickest surgery or a probably it's
been a weird day but it's kind of been
out of it like asleep I've been just
holding the kids over a little bit and
that's really all we got Cain ditched us
for some games whores about to get ready
for bed she didn't sleep he would browse
them through TV and she's been my little
buddy so that all being said the
realistic version of right now is we're
not doing anything this is it this is
really I'm buddy Philly
why do I call you my buddy yeah she's my
little girl she's still my buddy she's
getting so fun we love you guys day 16
it's awesome let's keep it going guys
tomorrow's my eye surgery should be
interesting
they said we can vlog and then we got a
said it wasn't approved yet so I'm
hoping we can film it no idea as of now
so hopefully I can I think it'd be cool
and inspire some of you guys that want
to get it done but maybe you're too
afraid to do it on I'm a little nervous
myself we love you thank you for
everything you are beautiful you are one
of a kind
smile my ass
you
