hey guys welcome to the vlog I am out
into dad this is insta dad status and my
turn right into a dad right I'm your I'm
your dad I first of all welcome to the
blog I looked so weird in a white hat
we've actually done I've done a bunch
this morning I'm gonna throw to that in
a second but we got all these what would
I say about these what are they they're
just samples yeah there's a stamp by the
way love the shirt teachers Megan this
is the last formalities
boom what what do you mean last run
anymore we're not getting any more
that's stupid who's in here making my
baby cry who is making my baby Cora
what's your favorite one I look
ridiculous in this I'm not gonna lie
like I feel look okay first of all tan
lines I'm just so used to wearing a hat
like this I'm just used to that but then
all these came and these are just like
samples we don't actually have these for
sale but look at that I couldn't see you
look good in hats like that I feel like
this might be more your style well it's
a little yeah I'm gonna say no I'm not
digging it I'm not digging it huh no
take it off the screen boom I don't know
I don't know I just white like a white
hat that we how long would that be white
in my world an hour okay first of all
the pond doesn't die you okay it's safe
it's okay so here's where at today I'm
actually done a bunch of stuff this
morning I'm gonna go ahead and throw to
that I started the blog now and doing a
throwback because I didn't like my
energy this morning I was super nervous
and scared I just want to show you why
so let's jump to this morning and it
will jump back to here thanks for
watching guys alright guys welcome to
the vlog today starting off a little
eerie because I'm here to get attacked
by a canine dog like a pig
listen to him he's so mad that's a
speaker right that's not actually dog in
there woke up with all this energy got
here and now I'm like oh my god am I
really doing this is weird like I rather
I'd rather go down the mega RAM attempt
the backflip maybe break my neck rather
than get attacked by a canine dog like
they have this big suit that I'm gonna
put on all right I'll just show you the
suit it's I think I'm gonna throw up
dude man are you gonna do with me okay
so he said what he said in the entire
time they've done this there's only been
two people to stay on their feet we
could be three and four do or you could
just be three you guys know I do a lot
of weird things I love doing things that
I'm really scared of I really love
stepping out of my comfort zone I like
trying to do something because after
you've done it you know it's safe you're
not really gonna get hurt he did say he
did say this dog has dislocated many
shoulders that I'm very afraid of I
don't like breaking bones I don't like
really hurting myself this is the suit
you wear and at the end of the day you
are okay you're gonna be fine and those
are the type of things that I don't mind
doing even though I'm scared to death to
do it you just gotta like make that jump
and then it's like I did it I got
attacked by a dog and that's it done how
you feeling
make it sound so simple I cannot wait to
see this this is nice my toe excited is
it because you that I'm getting chasing
it and tackled by a dog no it's just
because you're gonna you're gonna you're
gonna do this like a champ you can stand
on your feet you think I'm gonna be that
dogs probably not even gonna attack you
he's just gonna be like no I brought
little treats and I'm gonna be dropping
them behind me so yeah there it is oh my
gosh you look like them little things
used to get all the quarter machines
yeah
yo chew it should rock that in public
one day like legit go to a club like
that well I like the fact that your
hands
can't really be out so I guess that
makes sense you don't want your hand to
be out there yeah we got the pants on
you but just a Kevlar jacket which means
any did say this dog is known for
puncturing through this entire coat
which means you got fangs in arms we
just go and go back to bed I think
that's great can it rain like yeah
I woke up thinking man if it's storms
I'm not gonna do this today country man
you look good in it we're gonna be a
problem here no sir titanium teeth from
Austin Powers like a shark
oh we just come swimming today like this
kid just been such a light day you know
like hey let's just go swimming swimming
that would have been the idea thing to
do no swimming they already know so guys
I'm gonna do this
apparently I'm gonna try to show you in
this vlog the dog doesn't even have he
has titanium teeth I thought he was
joking
but it's true you saw him there metal
he's got metal teeth
he's like a piranha that's the
Terminator dog it's the Terminator man's
dog NATO man these are these are highly
advanced trained canines they will
destroy you and I'm just gonna take off
or on it hmm I see money think it's a
trap
it's probably a string and these guys
are gonna pull it look at like they're
gonna pull it my money what's this no
cargo
there we go the destroyer augers
extremely obedient he listens so well to
David here unbelievable I'm so nervous
you see the bottom on underneath the top
the Bionic teeth that goes through the
suit dude
it is the Terminator dog so I just run
full-speed that's it got such a barrel
keep them going now it's go time
it's a good time and I just we've done
some runs I haven't gone yet this is my
first time and he said they're not gonna
do any more so you may not get to do
this but no I this is my natural state
feel like you've been training gonna
vlog me getting hit by this dog and
everybody said it's like getting hit by
truck like it's just instantly you're on
the ground so I must stay on my feet
stay on my feet the story's not taking
me down I don't believe you got it let's
go you know you know why you got it is
because everyone else has failed and I
know you got a plan behind the scenes to
get that good luck be safe
I'm but I'm not to throw okay we're back
we're back is that what I sound like
when I vlog gross I'm about to throw you
in our swamp why is the pawn now nicer
than the pool good upon the pawns are
awesome and beautiful and in this pool
oh my okay so you guys when we get new
merchants like especially I could think
they're big and bulky and they take up a
lot of space so this looks like a ton of
merch but it's not you guys will usually
sell something like this out the first
day actually the first our sizes will
already be sold out so Brittany says
we're not getting any more of that
that's super bomb and they can't make
any of that that exact hi dice so what
you'd have to change hi dice but I love
this tight I know it's not this I know
it's the hoodie but we have these two
right I know my own story okay I I
created this even though you run it now
I created it really I said that show me
the block it's not in the blog he didn't
happen I'm just gonna say it like I
always say it if you want one just go
get one right now because they will sell
out today actually as this blog is going
up they're already selling so go get one
if you want one and we'll get whatever
we can later in life country look I know
your bikes broke we're gonna have to go
back to this one
don't act like you didn't miss her the
good old days right there you know what
right now that bikes faster than your
other one I think I'm gonna get you
competition in that race
that's good there boy you got some
chicken by the way why what's wrong with
the pool thought you were gonna keep
that thing clean so how about that dog
case today man that's legit scary to me
like I like I like crazy stuff but for
some reason get chased by a dog we have
no control scary man it was interesting
you were you were laughing you're
laughing so hard
my dad it wasn't a funny sight being
being the victim country got behind a
behind a red jacket and then I laughed
at you hey guys country you thinking
you're not running no no way here we go
there we go oh dude you came off the
ground
I must show you something awesome it's
gonna be fun but my dad had on we can
just all go to the zoo right now let's
go here we go we're gonna take off have
some fun and then poopy diaper boom
restart she's like it wasn't even me we
what are you talking about poopy diaper
what up cuddle bugs what up cuddle bugs
you know pretty soon you're both not
gonna fit in there you're not even gonna
fit in there you're gonna be big and
hanging off of it I know I hate to tell
you that's what time does to you
why are they so cute why are kids so
cute look at that how do you beat that
how do you beat it
I'm just Sookie
I'm just even cuter I'm the cutest
kittens on my gosh so we got the kids
packed up I didn't have to wear my dad
had to pull off his dad moment right now
 ahora today would have been the day
I'm taking the after yesterday if you
watched yesterday's long we suppose some
slowdown we spent some time at the local
fire department and today I'm gonna take
the kids check out all the fire trucks
and I don't know just get out of house
for them and it should be cool a lot of
my film crew is currently here today so
we're gonna meet up with them and just
and just come all these people working
on the big project
let's see some fire trucks let's drive
one let's ramp one one dog man camp
mommies touch right there she is passing
it up
we had a big boy truck right here man
one sit down
this is ready get in they strapped in I
guess the gear goes what does the gear
go with you when you leave there's no
that stays in the truck what's that the
gear oh you mean the air box
yeah these things just pull right out so
then it goes with you I don't realize
how big it was in here we're going no no
you're you're the driver you gotta take
me and came to the to the fire again you
gotta sit down it's gonna get bumpy you
gotta take a seat hurry
hop in damn how you feeling
you're going into battle bro wet it's so
sweating really oh so dampen like weird
all the things we get into
yeah it was pretty crazy today like
really still is again Jim having so much
fun Dallas news project he's going out
good luck so awesome that is
thumbs up dude you were driving now
that's awesome buddy okay
we're on the move did you guys have fun
no laptop iPad iPod boys cool huh cool
trucks mannered they make them so
nice-looking to it like bright and shiny
like what kid isn't attracted to a fire
truck pretty cool right you guys can see
a quick clue of what we did on my
Twitter you've probably already seen it
but if you didn't go look at my last
picture I posted should be my last
picture present you'll see you'll know
what it is but it's what we did tonight
and I didn't vlog it but it's kind of a
secret but all your hair is blowing in
the wind oh there's my buddy I know just
speak to the people just tell them what
they want to hear clash tell them
no greetings no greedy's what's up but
all the trash was picked up today all of
it look you've already got a water
bottle bad high that's where she's
saying hi I swear
are you ready to play daddy's really
working it right now what tell me anyway
we didn't take well what are you trying
to tell me I know you got a whole story
in there but you just don't know what to
say
huh daddy what what what are you saying
bubble girl you blowing bubbles now
that's a picture oh my gosh I'm videoing
but oh maybe I can take a picture smile
look at me okay guys so we're back home
and we're just hanging out no one to
hold Korra this time around you on hold
Korra she has been so good she just got
a bath we kind of skipped through that
process but it smells better smells like
soap
mommy's in there pumpin I think this is
a perfect spot to call it a night thank
you for hanging out with us today take
pictures is blinding me
oh sorry but there's a good picture I
stopped to take pictures of that one we
will see you guys tomorrow
thanks for hanging out today thanks for
sharing these vlogs with friends and
family we are
Kame Kame okay is that is that what you
had to go get a slushie oho a ol baby
doggy
okay I'm gonna end it thank you guys so
much we'll see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile more
you
