Bam Bam Bam Bam but wow that was the
greeting right dude you just taking
pieces on my car
yo you are out of control flash I who
did this Oh welcome to the vlog guys I
just want to see if when I start
vlogging and raising my voice at flash
starts to howl okay how about them tools
I supplied you it right dude how about
that dog food welcome to the vlog guys
welcome home we are uh hopefully I'm
gonna get my first rut I did not touch
your car I started it I drove it about
two feet and I parked it good you've got
my word I haven't seen the keys keys in
it it was it was just ready for somebody
come taking I took the towbar off okay
with your tools it's all I have this why
not
any work you're not just gonna not have
that tool in your garage anybody comes
up to you you're just like step back
clock no a good job flash em what's up
mrs. ooh this is ooh it's okay alright
alright hop it in first ride I'm so
excited to drive it I'm so excited to
ride in it too what no this is real man
whoa I want to keep you safe there we go
a lot of kids now you ready for us
you ready he wants to go he wants to go
he wait he would ride in the spot you
stay away you stay away
to get this out with that GTR right
there there's a Honda no way
blow around out on the bar not a problem
I don't know if you can hear me but this
thing is
you take off it's like
okay so it's fun to ride in 100% but
it's gonna be even more fun to drive
it's my turn
sure you want me to drive
well
Roma do it first I feel like you got to
break this thing in
absolute animal insane I I may or may
not have broken the clutch for you yeah
well you can't smell to youtube because
it does stink I think honestly okay so
we're going to a drag strip tomorrow and
the plan I'm gonna be honest after
driving it
your only disadvantage that I can think
of right now is gonna be traction
because traction the daggone GTRs got
that all-wheel drive and it just hooks
and when you punch it it goes there is
no slip this guy is gonna slip nice new
head is it all real yeah is it all real
no extensions nice breast pumps Milo Oh
wild hyenas in the house bye buddy I
love you the hug of the century guys got
me yeah you guys gonna have fun
a former grandma uh-uh nitro king of the
hill get back here
get back here
all right who really wants me III I
wanted to say hi but keen was kind of
trying to lure you out enjoy the kids
tonight I will gonna have some fun yeah
I'm going out guys tonight we're glad
that you're here we are going to the
Brad Pitt Angelina Jolie concert tonight
you guys ready love them together I'm so
excited so we are out we're on a wife
watches uh what's up
don't you got to say hey buddy let's
show them let's show them out here this
way this way bill bills the guy that's
been working out here building all our
fun things for the mini lake
he finished the drop tower today for in
the blob and actually just a new a new
place to dive off of we are now eighteen
and a half feet above the water which is
gonna make the blob crazy so now we got
the tower in the drop tower it is so
tall can't even fit it in the screen
it's like there it is everything's in
there boom so yeah that should be a ton
of fun hopefully we'll get a chance to
get on there tomorrow we also fixed this
be dropped with super sudden and we've
just made it really wide so we can ride
different objects down it tonight when
you drop in it's like a smooth
transition big smooth transition and
overall just a really fun area we got a
whole bunch of rain that area it up it's
starting to get water in it just get up
there country baby I love you guys don't
worry about it guys okay we're off we're
off to play please one let's do it
little on the way up we're headed up to
the concert we are it's beautiful a
beautiful evening by the way beautiful
country yes our night feeling you got so
lucky today you my friend got so lucky
today you got luck you I was ready
you were not ready you were nervous on
the service was a calm and ready okay if
you guys watched yesterday's long we
discussed the idea that for this concert
it's a concert concert that we would all
dress as cowboy he's full-blown Cowboys
in country country was so bummed that he
had to dress like a cowboy so today we
ran out of time we didn't get to go get
our cowboy gear and he's so excited so
now you got a dress like a cowboy doing
your beard flip this was the same guy he
was the only guy who was excited to go
to the rodeo with me I know I was yeah
but you were like yeah we should just
drive I was like let's go back to the
rodeo man put all the viewers for your
happy if you're happy I'm happy
I'm there what do you want to bet he
pulls that sweater off and it's just
like BAM
country country you ain't never seen
this side of comfortable fall
now how about you you did wear the boots
but I would have for the vlog I was the
only one who wanted to do it easy baby
easy when a man loves a woman and I I'm
just gonna that's the song just Tim Tim
Tim it's me Tim didn't even hear me
Tim's really let himself go tell I know
y'all I don't know who who's parking
here but we're gonna we're gonna have to
take this spot back country
go ahead yo you park here God talk to
Tim I talk to Tim and faith earlier they
said that you're gonna hold those there
for us so yes perfect now all fairness
does this bus work for us what's up yo
Tim thanks Brian this is what when I
when I meet him tonight he's gonna
respect me with this hat right this is
the respectful love yo you finally got
the man of your dreams what you gonna do
you wanted some tighter teeth baby boy
the tightest jeans I had this is a
pretty special night by the way Brittany
got her hair done today
finally back to Black's my favorite hair
color look at that
she gotta cut this is pretty crazy night
because we have no courts and I had last
time we were here
hora was in your belly kick and we
thought you were gonna have her remember
this is it
zip whoa it's scary up here too there's
a stage are you excited
she loves country music here's a funny
story I used to be a massive country
offense so much I know every single song
Tim McGraw was done I just fully stopped
listening to it and now I don't listen
to it at all
zero I don't know what happened I went
from loving everybody a bunch of family
here and I end up here's what I'm saying
imagine no seats down there fill it with
dirt put the demolition derby you said
that demolition derby boom
I don't think we could ever fill place
this big though this place is huge
maybe I have no idea actually
how many do you have - two okay so funny
story before our awesome friends at
SeatGeek
gave us a suite here tonight Britney
bought very expensive tickets for this
concert from her mother
Zeki hooked us up with this suite again
like the last time they did it's amazing
but now we have two tickets but they're
on her phone so we're gonna try to get
them printed off we're gonna find two
random people up in that in the
high-rise give them to them so they can
go down so for these two tickets were
700 dollars so that's gonna be a nice
surprise for somebody who's sitting in a
high-rise the nosebleed section okay by
the way it was forty dollars to print
two pieces of paper with the tickets
arena nosebleeds almost $100 right there
yeah we're gonna give two people up and
over how you gonna pitch I'm hoping I
just call me hey hi like there's a super
sweet of me hey so we gotta look for a
couple a couple of exit sign right here
we are gonna get lost you know we're
gonna I think you think there's another
one this is it upper level and the
nosebleed section only that this is like
the back coin oh you can't get in there
okay then it must start up here is as
high as you go this is nosebleed right
very top
you see a couple wait all the way up
there yeah she beat the very top no no
no all the way up
they're waving they're waving let's go
over there they're waving they might
know us
hey we got seats down there yeah
wait so wait you guys came to my toy
drive you did awesome yo you guys up
here enjoy it enjoy that is so crazy
yeah let's do it
that is literally impossible impossible
what just happened
oh my I love how things work like that
like he literally had no idea who to
give the tickets to him but he's like
maybe they'll just wait to her come to
us she said write something else it'll
just come to us so I see somebody
waiting me it happens to be two people
came to my toy drive that is insane
that is meant to happen right there I'm
just so happy balloon ain't messing
around and duck just get in here do this
Oh what is that it's like little beef
patties
Hey
show's over on the house always like a
project cause here with this crazy is
that Britt yeah we're gonna can this
dude yeah he's are the consumers that
are pushed a little country would you
got passed by a tractor you see that
he's driving on the wrong side of the
road he doesn't like dig his fingers
into my meeting a powdered
you guys think that's funny how's my boy
how's my boy was the baby you sleepy Oh
give me all you got slushie
and slush and orange e and Zeus you got
everybody again guys I'm sneaking out
here to end the vlog tomorrow we're
taking these to the racetrack GTR versus
the Goblin and I'm very excited about it
no production either tomorrow so it will
be just a fun vlog thank you guys for
being a part of this feel like I blogged
my day and it's a little jumpy and I can
tell them really tired because my throat
either that I was just seeing all those
tracks I don't know I snuck out your
thought wouldn't bother nobody but we're
gonna say good night to you guys thank
you so much for being here today and
being a part of this vlog we love you
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
you
