welcome to the vlog guys look at this
place
look at this ridiculous place it has
already been quite sunny it's beautiful
it just stopped raining actually but
it's been quite the morning oh thank
goodness my boot my boats still there
man it made it through the storm
guys welcome first of all welcome to the
Bahamas we're only here for today so
we're gonna try to make it count we've
already taken our family that we brought
here to dolphins today
Linda okay you've been helping me you're
a dolphin expert I got one question can
a dolphin do a flip over me in one of
those kayaks I'm pretty sure Sasha could
flip over you in the kayak and then jump
back oh how impossible would that be to
actually do that impossible Sasha's
pretty you think we could do it today
not to be oh I knew that was coming
I was inching towards it saddled anyways
gonna try yeah okay Sasha and then we
had like this crazy rainstorm
and that puts us right here where we're
at right now we have a quick break
before we continue shooting for this big
project we're gonna grab some food we
have not eaten today at all how do they
build these walls like how I know
nothing about building that how do you
build walls in the ocean this is the bay
this is what do these doors guys I'll
kill my friend
give me five I'm gonna make you big into
the bomb at Atlantis always plug in this
reading I'm baffled by these type of
planes this place reminds me of Vegas in
the Caribbean like you're surrounded by
the ocean it's like ocean Vegas it's
like the best world ever like I have an
aquarium right check out this play since
aquarium it goes all the way around the
entire place is that is that fish tank
Todd fish you have an aquarium so big
that you actually personally have to get
in it to clean it I love it that's
awesome what a job so what kind of fish
you think is in here everything I mean
there's a human in there lousy but you
think that sharks around I feel like
we're just like under the ocean and the
biggest adult with this big dog right
here dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun
speak to him speak to him fish whisperer
oh are you doing dude okay he can't get
it get it
or even start oh my gosh look at this
pizza
look at this Pizza sprinkles and
chocolate
yo come out every time I come outside we
just go completely look this is the top
of the aquarium imagine like you could
all want to come outside and look at
Mike where ah so we're inside I'm
thinking why the heck we inside we only
have one day in the Bahamas we have like
30 minutes before we have to film the
next up it's going on this place is
magical just magical I wish my kids were
here I wish our kids were here just look
and I'm a little blown away by this
place guys it is like one of the
craziest resorts I've ever seen and just
over there is the real famous like
waterslide you drop down through the
shark tank like you go under the water
it's crazy I gotta check that out here
we go right here the ocean baby where's
all the people where's all the people
where's oh yeah look at this beautiful
beaches no people how are you I got 20
minutes mom do some GTA stuff and just
grab that baby and go sure we get island
hot oh just island hopping oh this is
awesome guys I hate being here without
ya
it feels so weird even though I'm here
99% to work it's like it's still just
I'm here it's just a weird so I've never
been a place like this without my family
almost oh wait wait there yet but you
realize you know I'm just talking to the
bird it's this one boy yeah he's a bird
whisperer
animal whisperer fish whisperer I'm
getting in you get in like we only gonna
be here right now hey I got my swim hog
let's go I'm getting in I'm going I'm
jumping we got like ten minutes left I'm
getting in that water I still think you
should get in on this I think that
water's just calling you
we gotta get in
with the biggest smile on your face ever
really I swear come on dude get in with
me oh no pressure but let's go you're
gonna regret it you're gonna be so happy
let's go as bulldoze our way in there
whoa that's what I need yeah look at
that water
let's go three two yes right heaven on
earth right here y'all I finally found a
bike you can ride on the water you need
it this guy down here cleaning the sand
out of here okay guys look at this
people go through they go up this big
sliding and they come through here I
think oh my god what look at these guys
just sleeping up there what
that is amazing did you go through the
shark tank on rafts look at these guys
oh we need to do that pan back to
business just like that we're in it
hey buddy what's up I figure I might as
well shoot some behind-the-scenes in
this crazy project but how you how you
enjoying my baby how you enjoying that
camera pretty nice man it's making me
sweat a little though so hot we're on
the move moving and grooving stick new
driver you're a half old think you can
get that in your suitcase we can take it
home you can confetti oh yeah you just
pull that little beautiful tree up take
it back to Ohio put about pong that's it
you know Tree Service is that the
business moment that's what we do tree
service all we'd have to do is every
winter we'd have to pull it out put it
in a basement bring it I think that's a
real thing I think you can really do
that I don't know maybe I could be wrong
probably wrong I know that's adorable
all right guys I did not do a very good
job
vlogging while I've been here but I did
attempt some backflips on this crazy jet
board
Mecca is insane it's so fun I tried this
a long time ago in st. Thomas it's
actually in the vlogs a very long time
ago it was one of the dreams of one of
the kids I brought here to do this and I
had a chance to get about 20 minutes on
it so much fun very difficult and I
really wanted to just say hey I'm gonna
try a backflip on this thing the guy
said they're very difficult takes takes
guys hours and hours and hours and hours
to learn how to do it I had about 20
minutes so this is my fails in my
attempts
it's so close Master I'm making flips
don't believe when I think you got it
it's so close
so Roman doesn't know I got this camera
and I'm recording you but I have to say
since I've been with Roman in extremis
he's doing all types of things how
difficult being effective being you
pretty much the best in the world you
are the best in the world at what you do
how hard is it to do that flip
flipping on a trampoline or something
don't have to for you to test you it's a
different kind of lip it's really
difficult and it's eventually the
biggest thing
great enrollment how he did that flip
what were you grade them on the first
try doing it as the numerous tries well
what were you grade them Meg I was super
proud because I thought he had he man he
was like hitting the water but he was
there
really all he's got to do is stop the
landing there say those five parts to it
he's four out of five
hey much respect to you man you made
that look like an art man it was an
honor to meet you today may appreciate
you
y'all don't talk don't knock my baby
don't go my baby oh my gosh that's risky
business right there's a lot of money
since look at these guys I'm ish I miss
you I just missed the greatest
excitement ever Kane is freaked out it's
me bud I'm coming home soon one more day
daddy sure misses you I just just
wrapping up my shoot today we just
wrapped our shoe and about to go shower
up and while my camera is almost dead
today in palm trees okay guys warming up
to the hotel I got to show you this view
I've been drying my shorts Australian oh
no I don't see anybody else hanging
clothes off the building but I got it I
got to show you what's right off my
balcony it's ridiculous look at this
right off my balcony look this is my
rail and then right below our sea
turtles frigging sea turtles and then in
this one let me zoom in sharks sharks in
the water look at them I just don't know
if it gets any better like I love you
guys no I love the ocean first of all
sunshine I live in Ohio so I appreciate
this big time
with all that being said guys I want to
just listen to me thank you for
everything I know that as I'm shooting
this project the vlogs can be confusing
and I'm away from my family and it's
just it's a lot going on right now it
takes away from the blogs a little bit
which really you know to me blogs are
everything to me so it's really stinks
even for me working on this project for
that reason you guys have been
incredibly patient I get to go home
which is amazing very soon
but I just want to say thanks for
sticking around you know
matter what whether it's you know I
always say it whether it's boring
exciting I'm away I'm traveling them at
home you guys are here especially at
this point in the vlogs and I'm sorry
that the boys are a little confusing
because I'm not filming everything
because the project is filming a lot so
I don't want to take away from that all
of that aside I just want to say that
are my little Twitter video idea about
the demolition derby is quickly turning
into the biggest YouTube event of all
times it is massive we're making news
stations we're making I see celebrities
starting away and I'm wanting to be a
part of the demolition derby I'm seeing
it go to my Twitter and you can see the
current list of confirmed drivers for
this demolition derby we're moving to
four heats 40 demolition drivers it's
absolutely insane it's growing out of
control and it's gonna take a lot of
work and most of these youtubers are
putting in efforts to try to help in
there there they're asking me if I need
anything so we're gonna all I am gonna
be working like crazy to to find the
arenas to find the car builds - to
figure this all out make it huge make it
may be the biggest charity event out of
YouTube - let's make this thing massive
just want to thank you guys for
spreading the word about the demolition
derby I mean every eye youtubers that
have never even spoken to have hit me up
and said y'all let me be a part of this
and it's so exciting to me that I don't
know it's exciting to see youtubers just
coming together and wanting to do
something together even you know if
there's youtubers on the list that have
had drama and beef together and it's
just like everyone's just like let's
have fun like let's let's bash into each
other with cars it's great that's a lot
of talkin out of me guys I am actually
don't beat me up over this I'm gonna in
my vlog right now it's not even
completely dark out but I hate to admit
this I'm exhausted I am today we went
really hard and I'm technically shooting
two shows right now I'm shooting this
project that I'm shooting this vlog and
it's it's really hard to manage its like
a weird balance so thanks for being here
you guys I love you so much we'll see uh
we'll see ya tomorrow and see you over
on Twitter I love you you're beautiful
you're one of a kind that was bad
or
you
