all right j15 what you say you have to
put a seat out on to buckle up click
their ticket yeah you don't drop here
you don't stop it in it's like a booster
Dave the chain baby let's go what
actually was our 15th vlog ever we've
only put up 15 videos in our life I mean
we were there at some point
Conrad back here my brother's kid and
they got a little after school gym where
our class activity and we're soon you're
talking about Kane just said juvenile as
a teenager right here's a senior mama ha
yeah good job she's an elder yeah it's
the same thing right out her senior Kate
said Cora is a baby and I was like
technically she's a toddler right now is
she a toddler what ages father I don't
know it's the weirdest conversation I've
ever had with kids who lagoons where
each other oh this is what you're doing
when you take a cane to his klutz on I
usually don't
I usually don't come with Brit to these
because I'm usually taking no it to his
own things they're homeschooled so they
have to have things to do outside of
that a little mommy time huh now you got
me dragging on your leg Brittany no joke
I shall probably minute right now camera
hates shopping with me I'm the word am I
the worst it just depends but yeah
usually depends on like what I'm going
for
you're just going right past everything
yeah this is this is my routine I hate
shopping I hate I literally wouldn't
have clothes if it wasn't for smile more
my own company or Brittany ordering
clothes or buying clothes from the
online I would
nothing it's so true I have the patience
for it I don't have the patience for I
can't just walk around like do I like
this doing that then I don't want to try
anything on either I hate trying stuff
on so it's like I just can't get along
with it I literally can't I gotta get
these for Korra see I can shop for Cora
that's easy everything's cute on a baby
this affair are you serious season 12
months they leave nine look we should we
get the the plate I don't know do where
am i right now there's little chocolate
dishes magic set it's so random
it's so random there's a stuffed animal
besides soda do one thing every day that
makes you happy smile at someone in a
uniform yeah but I just you opened it to
smile and I had to film that today it's
motivation boy I love it are you serious
I'd make both pages I make the cut one
woman can make a difference but together
we can rock the world 2019 baby me and
you she's not interested I for a while
that's how you know we're daily vlogging
again I hope that you're having an
awesome day
we are rough start to our day kind of
weird start and funky fresh in the car
with Kane and the kids and Brittany
brought me into the store which I'm just
kind of being the ball and chain here
let her do her thing
I'm not gonna lie these are the coolest
cheese knives I've ever seen in my life
and I'm getting them yeah say cheese get
it
you're beautiful and you're one of it I
like this Cup a lot now this this I can
do this sup guys I can I can do some
candles yeah what is that
what is that no oh yeah like a
creamsicle oh I'm a bad guy I am milady
I just said this in the vlog way back
when but I'll take a bath over a shower
any like you getting me a good bathtub
and that is mmm you fire up some candles
I like having something like this
because if I do forget someone's
birthday this is the perfect birthday
candle honey
even my poops are cute this is sent for
the bathroom to two parts later you're
bad I mean I found stuff
wait up babe we're having fun we're
having fun
hey you hooligans you still got energy
so if they are open you'd be down to go
into it like a pumpkin patch yeah you're
some pumpkin if we can get something
that Cora can paint or color next year
we'll be like pumpkin patch okay we have
never been here before we found the
pumpkin patch down this road and see you
Conrad yo those are 50 cent don't name
it okay we need a quarrel pumpkin to pay
and huh that says quarrel all over it
let's get that for Cora what okay we got
to get our pumpkins first let me go get
a wagon really I'm just trying to wear
them out they have so much energy so
much energy for any parent out there
saying my kid just has so much energy
you gotta wear them out yeah yeah you
got to go to the extreme to wear these
these little Tigers out okay that goes
in there for Cora hey is that one yours
okay you and Cora oh my gosh dude it
slides back here this actual slide this
is awesome
faster faster
how do I get a tube like this at my
house for my tower to go off into the
water like that thing's long it must be
like three or four pipes run faster
faster did you pay for a big grizzly
bear come on oh my gosh like a big suit
that just come out in woods I don't
think the slides are working today
oh just what you needed a little teeter
totter you're getting too big kit come
on boys three more miles you got this
you got this three more miles I got mine
I'm not complaining Juan toughen up nope
no trades I'm gonna sleep tonight I
don't need to I don't need this all
right officially mr. summer completely
you guys are in your gym clothes I was
freezing I'm gonna fall hoodie huh he's
my gun just England right it's a school
night
- big boy what's up pics what's up no
what's up man
okay so we're back home and I didn't
know how to show you guys this so I'm
just gonna show you about my new car
that I've been talking about for months
literally yeah I'm so pumped I'm so poor
it's finally here and I finally get to
show you guys dude all right guys you
guys ready I'm so Paul I've been waiting
over four and a half months to show you
my official I'm actually sorry about
this but I have been waiting four and a
half months for my new car and it still
is it here I'm waiting patiently it's
gonna be old news by I told him I'm like
by the time I get it it's gonna be the
old one come on
in all fairness we did just get her back
today she's got the new tires
brand new they did adjust the cambers on
the car and the alignment was off too
and you know for five hundred dollars a
tire it's $2,000 for new tires on a GTR
for anybody that wants a GTR it's only
$2,000 oh the good old days the good old
days man I don't pick it up by the stem
maybe you don't forever not seriously
there's the new car there it is it's
Monday and the sewage people still
haven't came here so the house is like
half smelly get right in today's half
smelly just calling you bull dozer you
got a pump yeah
big pumpkin we go she's like oh god
there's dirt on we got washed it off we
can color it cut it paint it yeah
getting in pumpkin scrubbed up and clean
and polished like a toy buy something
this one like laid on its side and
that's the elation alright let's pace
some Huggies Neon Neon you want to paint
a bumpy road he's like just throw me out
a large t-bone steak wow that's like the
color of my new car clickbait I don't
know what's got into me tonight guys I'm
sorry it's like the all Roman coming out
of the Woodworks she's ready she's got
her palette she's like oh she's gonna go
hard oh boy this could be interesting
nice good job
it hasn't went in her mouth yet so
that's I hope she doesn't like that gold
baby you'd like that gold baby girl we
got going on over here
lemon eyes I love that she's holding her
palette like a painter but she has no
pain we're almost right on time but a
little late for pumpkins Halloween is
Wednesday Wednesday so coming right up
yeah yeah baby
yes we did yeah however you want you
want to look up some pictures of
pumpkins and get some ideas I would just
put a big old smiley that's basic why
he's hitting me with the New Age talk
ain't even hip and cool enough to
understand hey that's my advice if you
don't like it take it and leave and
she's killing it over here Cora this is
gonna be the prettiest pumpkin on this
side of
County booties you know what it is guys
I'm honest with you ever since we got
the new donkey now it's humans and flash
now with dogs and human before it was
dog donkey never west buddies don't say
that
is legit like him and donkey were
buddies like this right but donkey was
miserable because flash is a lot to
handle really donkey was getting
depressed we got the new donkey donkeys
living life he's like he moved out of
the house it's all grown up and flushed
tick tick you want your donkey back
don't you I know I know the Adventures
of Donkey and Flash still will happen
he's actually just once a hot dog or
something should care less about donkey
but he's bored now like we need another
room that's it
shake good boy
Cora it's a beautiful pumpkin no she's
being so good with that I thought it
would be everywhere I thought it'd be
all over her her face her hands but
she's - you know don't worry about that
really well oh she likes hers how's your
mouth doing my ideas too basic
okay we can wipe it you're doing a good
job
now she's painting her palate I never
seen a baby this patient she's so
concentrated on it I love my little
family you guys are so cute it's the
best it's the best it's my reason right
here hey didn't see that court you can
pretty much get away with anything
it's mommy you got to worry about uh-uh
got it
she's trying SAR to be just so clean
with it like the coolest color selection
oh I cut it here boom new t-shirts done
I mean look good on the fridge oh she
ain't creative over here Cora wants to
come in she wants to add her little
touch cane you got the the dark the dark
pumpkin oh geez well you have way less
paint on you than I ever would have
thought I thought she was gonna be cut I
really thought she was gonna be covered
she's not she's got a little bit came I
have more paint on you the cheetah and
her leg her leg looks like the paint
palette are you having fun or do you
like painting Cora so now I am listening
Cora like it did
Korra look at this okay work just to
recap my hands are pretty clean Cora's
got a little bit on there a little bit
on there
LJ she's coming for you guys run and
Kane is gonna be in the shower for the
rest of the night 10:00 I'm not kidding
it looks like you have gloves on yeah
you look like you're wearing like winter
gloves that may never come off Big
Brothers Big Sisters I want you to know
the influence you have of the little
ones she was perfectly fine till she saw
King do it now look at her
we're gonna have a serious mess of bats
and showers lots of bubbles gonna end it
today guys number 15 today was probably
the first out of 15 that I was maybe not
maybe the second I think it's officially
the second where I didn't feel like I
float through the day like I only filmed
a few pieces of our actual day to be
honest with you it was very very like
pieced just some days are like that some
days aren't but you know what I said day
one just upload anything so I feel I
feel great and captured some wonderful
memories today the kids and just it's
awesome so I'm I'm happy I think you
guys for being here and being part of
the new 15 days and we'll see you
tomorrow yeah tomorrow will be
interesting I love you you were
beautiful go one-of-a-kind smile
you
