going through the sky baby Einsteins
your favorite song ever welcome welcome
welcome to the vlog guys we're about to
hop in the Jeep our new Jeep we got a
jeep got a Jeep Bob we got ya
did you know that did you even know we
got a jeep I'm hyper right now I just
had one of them big sugary donuts and
I'm on cloud nine
shotgun shotgun keys boom
Sears I gotta calm down chill chill
flash chill out buddy please write play
some hoops
you ready play some hoops huh you ready
to do it amp my man all these flies that
stuff not working we got this like spray
that's supposed to keep it off yeah he
loves it he goes out on our dirt field
he rolls around if you wash him he just
goes right back out and he loves I think
it actually helps with the Flies but I
don't know I'm not an expert it's like a
homemade smoke bomb I don't know if you
guys can see it he actually don't like
when you take it off of him it's like
his his coat you ready you ready helping
our new Jeep it's our Jeep it's a Jeep
thing you understand oh man this is
actually their Jeep it's not it's not my
G they went with Brittany and her car
cuz they're already there we're gonna
meet him there and they have my vehicle
so I have their vehicle it's kind of
weird how that all just works out in the
end you know all my friends are donkeys
take it slow he had I got an idea Noah
don't give your dad Donuts Oh classic
move gilroys classic move I'll tell you
what buddy
why don't you just take my Jeep and I'll
take you you know what I'm happy to fill
it up man I'm happy to they do a lot for
me every day so the least I can do is
fill this gas tank return it to a full
on my day doughnuts
start 42 dump no I need some cash I need
some money all right for real let's go
let's meet up with the fam hope you guys
aren't having an awesome day we are we I
don't know what we're gonna do today but
it's definitely gonna be together so
let's do it I'm docking dude this is
docking you know docking is
that's the sound of a real guitar on a
real drum set right there
yeah that's a real guitar
that's real drum set right there real
ruins Sherman's right there
what's up out there's my girl what's up
baby yo she's all gassed up for you okay
give me a hug first
okay got it I guess so much energy I ate
a donut before I left and I'm on cloud
nine
I don't even I carried the Jeep here I
didn't even drive it yep sure did it
it's full now you're good for a while
all right boys you going with me yeah
okay so delivery it's like a video game
deliver AC get the pizza come back play
games I like them shoes boy like father
dude your feet or literally almost
that's ridiculous Noah ridiculous that
I'll be able to wear your shoes soon
right in the mouth are we just switching
vehicles permanently because now we're
back closes why are you driving my
vehicle like we're back in the normal
mode I want to treat you like a king
today so I'm just gonna sit here go get
the pizza deliver the a seal be your
uber driver sir
buckle up keep your hands and feet hey
see deliver we AC delivery
AC is delivered the road remember how I
told you guys on the mopar vlog that the
cars actually take chunks out of him the
acts don't hit these people don't hit
these folks come on oh my gosh
I'm not even driving on login' safely
right now kids in the car seat
everything's good dude he was wearing a
camo shirt it's not your fault you ate
him
during the mofo of luck this is where we
stood out during Mopar and I told you
guys that some of the big cars actually
take chunks of the concrete out of the
road I'm about to show you just how true
first of all look at this road this is
what's left of this road oh my gosh all
the way down okay it's kind of hard to
tell but those are chunks actually
missing asphalt that is crazy don't
believe me you don't believe me look at
that look at that okay I'm coming back
Jase I'm coming back I knew you were
gonna do that you know I guess honestly
it's a nice day for a walk to be honest
with you you know it's one of those days
where I kind of just wanted to walk
anyway here you yo you better pick me
out oh you said you're gonna drive me
all the way for him to pick me up guys
here I'm gonna drop the bomb question
right now Floyd McGregor what's gonna
happen cuz that's this vlog goes up it
is the day of the fight I want to know
right now Floyd I'm McGregor who's gonna
take the baby he just drove through the
grass well it's illegal
that's illegal wrong hey funny very
funny ha ha y'all order enough pizza
from army put all that pizza you got the
same outfit that's awesome
I'll get that I'm actually the green
barrette in her weight are they the same
they are the same yeah I know Cora
what's up baby hey he hates the xmax
she hates it
angels got that Zoo Center she wants
them tires she wants them tires get it
get it get it get it all right watch
your eyes watch your eyes my bad
see you guys want to move the trampoline
and jump the pool I'm all about it don't
even show my pool bro I'm embarrassed
what it looks like my pool after a ball
pit now these guys might these guys
might make it hard to jump right here
because if I don't want to hit a dog
drywall is great cuz even if the ramp
breaks it looks cool you know I mean
like you get that gust the white like
magic show
boom I don't feel like I'm the one that
should be jumping it I feel like this is
your jump chase this is your jump I've
never jumped it on something that big
sounds like me last week all right chase
this is our ski jumping 101 here's the
obstacle because you got it not okay
maybe maybe we should do a little class
real quick the tricky part is going
through this fence hole and then hitting
the drywall and not hitting your
building it's like a little little trick
jump there's a very minimal margin of
error yes front flip it first try I'll
give you your 10 bucks back ready just
like that no you're gonna do you'll be
all the way into the woods Oh God
faster dude faster oh my god
you dented the pool you you're lucky you
have a metal pool mine would probably
want to went through it that's a good
one we're gonna we're gonna use that as
a warm-up
ready when you are oh it's a poison xmax
now you're good dude what is that don't
worry about that
here's the thing like you you you
cleared it but you didn't land it
there's there is that landing factor you
know and you pull this thought and you
land is like a different snake chases
cleanable you know he already did
I'm serious little dark hairs versus or
little blonde hairs look at these little
sparks ready when you are boss oh he
wants it he wants it too early on the
brake too early on the brake long get it
there it is oh you did land you did land
- 2017 fence jump it's about uh on a 45
foot maybe longer maybe bigger oh my
gosh
oh my goodness that was really fun on
whose yard that is but we are busty that
is a huge gap like legit super fun look
at that I don't know that's like two or
three thousand feet dude this is
next-level right here you guys have seen
big ramps you've seen the pros but have
you ever seen anything like this I gotta
give you some props for that one I
didn't expect the speed say we need more
we need more more you want to wrap it
this is next-level jumping right here oh
it was yeah I don't know about you but
I'm loving the entertainment you two
right now like this is one time I get to
sit back and just enjoy the show and you
guys too I don't know what's good this
is like what do we call this at my house
the hillbilly right or they hit the what
was all the redneck ramps redneck ramps
baby here's what I think chase if you
want to really step this up guys I just
know I'm I like I like to go crazy you
know I said we soak this in like some
type of liquid and we light it on fire
love it
I've got the gal yeah a real redneck
ramps need a real redneck tools look at
that that's a Flintstones build done no
now those guys are crazy
those guys are what are they doing up
there drawling yes mate it may look like
a redneck ramp this is built for success
right here
or something in the middle something in
the middle this guy oh that's yeah young
money right there
guys ready are you ready for the jump of
the year this is it folks
redneck ramp 2017 two pallets tall he's
just going he's just going he wants it
he wants it hard here he comes
ladies gentlemen jump - he's going for
the master points we're gonna want it
we're gonna want to check that ramp each
jump he comes jump three my man wants to
uh man wants to go out to more paths so
we're gonna hook him up with the right
not those helmets we're looking for here
we go here we go
that's it safe safety first boys
don't be silly out there you know you
gotta you gotta wear the right stuff
yeah I want you to be safe out there
Thanks
fire yeah we're gonna light it on fire
this time sure for the scene off hot rod
there's like you have time to check the
ramp we don't have time that's basically
what we're looking at right here it just
keeps getting bigger
that's dumb it's going it's going it's
going right that's it we put that in
there we got ourselves a legit Lippa D
lip
all right guys where do you think he's
gonna land with that last jump he was
clearing this patch he's landing out
here so you're talking like this is
higher so he's probably gonna go now
he's probably to go the same distance
you think out there good chance dude you
need more gas
evel knievel ladies evel knievel all the
ladies are scared all the ladies here we
go oh he's going he's going hard house
awesome here we go
I can't even see zip man high-five the
helmet I don't think you needed it you
didn't need it I honestly think the
helmet kind of helped you got more
height with the helmet yeah
aerodynamics whoo it is 64 degrees and
we feel like we're like turning the heat
on in the cards I'm not used to it
yeah oh my gosh we're like we're spoiled
on the summertime it's already starting
you I don't want to wait Cora but we're
going home right now
hey what's up boy yeah I'm coming for
you boy I got a little miss thang Lomas
sleepy thing Oh
all right guys warping uh not warping
we're just home I get used to saying
that what's up nitro you just make the
love flow into this household this
little one right here we are we're
calling it a night
that's it for the vlog thank you guys
for hanging out with us as a fun just
hang out chill evening and we are going
live on live got me on my live got me
I'll put the link in the description if
you guys don't follow I'm either going
alive for the fight Mayweather for it I
think we're gonna go live before the
fight though yeah sometime if you're
watching this today I'm uploading
sometime tonight I'm going live so keep
your eye out for that I will tweet it
out before I go and yeah that's all I
got so come hang out with us today live
not me we love you guys we love you cane
my buddy my goofy buddy see you guys
tomorrow you're beautiful you're one of
a kind smile my tux just ran by
you
