welcome welcome welcome to the vlog
flash no no no no no no baby Cora is
sleeping
she looks so comfortable like the most
comfortable thing I've ever seen in my
life I feel like I have to be so quiet
in my house it's so what do you and that
is not water it's a fish babe no it's
saltwater no boo nasty no you drink yes
right what's up fishies Brittany's about
to feed them they're about to go crazy
watch out how nutty they are when they
go to bed you bet it has been a
disgusting rainy nasty muddy day here at
the Atwood house flash I would never eat
it not for any amount no oh my god
that's literally hundreds a little
shrimp see there oh but I'm like no I
think normal people would just swallow
that for money I like food and textures
makes me so sick such a weird topic to
start this vlog it is kind of a hello
today we are it's rainy we're stuck
inside we're kind of hanging out playing
games taking care of it baby it's
becoming a little more easy over the
last couple days like five days ago you
couldn't not three days ago you could
like not set her down if you set her
down she wake up you have to hold her
for her to sleep right back me up here
yeah okay arms again so baby has be like
it I see I see the light I see the light
as we've been vlogging and I've been
like oh my god it's sort of look it's
because we always holding a baby and
we're trying to create and today she is
taking it to this little rocking chair
looks so daggone comfortable makes me
tired looking at her I'm like oh my god
like it dad watch watch how crazy the
fish I think I've showed you this before
okay ready
they tell you fish no my memories look
they know they're getting fed look at
that they're smart they're smarter
feeding time is the coolest time at our
aquarium because all the critters come
out that you never see like check out
this jumbo starfish that one let me get
that one dude I'm telling you the ocean
is a different world that is not that's
alien like right there put your hand
right there I want to show them how big
that clam is look out that's a clam that
gives you some perspective that's a
perspective on how big that is it's
bigger than my head it's pretty much
that little rose tip anenome back there
little this is bright pink
I wish aah the worst part about showing
you that the tank is it always comes out
so blue on this camera but it I mean
it's just no way to really show you but
you get it it's it's kind of a highlight
of the whole house is the fish tank and
flash and flash he's a high light flash
or a high light look at that all right
guys so what I just drinking my water
oh okay so we're thinking on these off
days and they're not even really off
days I know I know a lot of you kind of
prefer these days where we're just in
the house doing nothing and many that's
the part like I can't quite figure out
but I love that you love that we were
thinking to literally when we were over
on the couch we're like what if we just
tell a story that we've never told in
these vlogs ever story time with the at
words that would smith atwood Smith
house we know so we just thought like I
think the best story to tell and you
know it is personal so you're both like
do you want to tell us there but I think
it's great because it's relatable and
everybody goes through this at some
point your life or at least a lot of
people do and that is like breakups
Brittney and I actually did and have
broken up before and it's so crazy to
think about because I love this girl
more than like I can ever explain on the
vlog and I know you feel the same way
about me right Castello was true um in
thinking back it was like I can't
believe we we've broken up before like
we have it was for what two days a
couple of days but we were legit like
for those two days I remember telling my
mom and dad and like everyone is just
like I moved out she moved out like this
was everything how long were we together
like maybe a year I think we were
together we were together long enough
that when we broke up everyone was
pretty like bummed out you got me my
ring you got me my ring out a year
that's true a promise ring yeah so I had
that already so it was a little
so we've been together a while yeah long
enough that when we broke up it was it
was pretty it was a big bummer to like
the family and you knows a lot of time
that we spent together that was felt
wasted yeah so we so we break up and she
her and her mom Nanna comes takes all
her stuff out of my our old house that
we started blogging in and it was
horrible it was horrible like the worst
I and you weren't there did you cry did
you cry at all oh yeah so you were
bummed that we broke up it makes me like
so sad to think wow I remember you
leaving him like I'm gone if you leave
like that's it yeah and you left you
know I think we were just immature it
was just like if you leave then I'm gone
I left and you in huge left what the one
day was probably just us like trying not
to call each other and the second day
was like us talking and by the third day
it was like she was the whole truck full
of stuff was coming back to the house it
was it you like asked me on this like
crazy date let go on day three will you
go on a date with me
you like planned this whole thing I said
hotel how was this remember guys you
can't spell romantic without Roman II
fell back in love
she said yeah guys she didn't she said
yeah so that's a crazy story we want to
share for the blogs I think it's really
relatable because sometimes we we get
mad at people and we like just we're
stuck like humans are stubborn I really
think we're all just stubborn and it was
probably a fight out of just
stubbornness but at the end of the day
we so in love with each other there was
no way that separating was gonna keep us
apart like there was just no way it's so
funny like even years later half of the
stuff that I had moved out was still my
mom's like I never like brought every
single thing back and it was like the
most random things
rollerblade at my house that I like - oh
do you remember like half of our like
notes and pictures I like drew all over
the bed we had like we would write notes
to each other all the time all of our
pictures I like no it was a brutal leave
you were ruthless
you were like he left I'm gonna ruin
this guy's bed so yeah um true story
Brittany and I have broken up before one
time for two days that's a true story
but you know what's weird about this two
days I remember telling my brother and
his wife and I remember talking
everybody like we've just decided that
we're gonna split up like we were like
it was assumed we were done it was legit
like I'm we're moving on for two days
crazy hey dude dude dude dude dude dude
deep King you know what's awesome is me
and mommy love each other and you have a
mommy and daddy that love each other I
think it's something really special to
have I don't think you understand how
cool that is
but you don't have two Christmases so
kind of gotta weigh it out you know what
I mean definitely hope you guys enjoyed
some real talk that's
that's a real story that at the time we
probably had a better version of it that
was like we remember it but now it just
seems so silly and so pointless that we
ever did it it was just like two people
being mad at each other and they're like
screw you I screw you
two days later I love you so you want me
to show them how I have them obstacles
okay get me give me the give me the
sword we'll just keep this going all
right we are back in the kitchen with
Roman Atwood this is a technique I've
been working on it since all right see
my trio inspired by the game fruit ninja
may have heard a bit version number one
what one falling on the floors pretty
smooth all right version - mommy enjoy
your pops dude do you believe them no no
I'll tell you what I'm gonna go
downstairs and fix it all right
pound different or license we're
together I got honestly truly believe
that it was meant to be because I was I
was I was a wreck before Brittany
and Mike I feel I feel like together
we've accomplished a lot we've you know
we've started businesses we've become
youtubers we've had amazing children
that was I would always tell you that I
had like little guys in there
mother's like rebuilding your heart and
building my heart yeah I really I really
fell for you you really got me with the
heart the latter took but now it's like
we've brought me because we stayed
together we've brought in human life
onto her like a brave not very big deal
yeah so I'm proud of us you want to
break up for two days would you no no
crime I destroyed Ned look who just woke
up it's my girl and she's hungry
flashes so like into the baby lately hey
where you going gross we explained you
guys that Monday we have to UM Cora is
going to get well we're getting our
third opinion but she's basically end up
having a little laser room if she's
tongue-tied which means her tongue that
little piece of skin is holding her
tongue back a little bit making it
really hard for her to breastfeed with
Bristow she has to pump so this is
actually Britt's milk right there it's
crazy so you have to take her milk out
of the fridge put it in a bottle and
then we heat it up with warm water like
that and then once it's nice and warm
Cora eats it and we have to do that with
every bottle it's crazy like it's
totally different than if she was just
feeding and she was latching on she
would just be getting milk right from
Britt but this is the way we have to do
it until until that's fixed and
hopefully that that really does solve
the problem that we've been having
they've been happen what's up man I
think this is just your first house call
to my house or South John the barbers
showing up at my home that's how you
know it's getting bad it's not when he
texted Sean the text you know just want
an excuse to go drive my car he got a
new cart what kind of card you get
challenger it's awesome it's sweet but
no he texted me like recent like not
long ago I mean
would you say how long how's your hair
look or something how long's your hair's
like he knows he knows he was like I'll
come over to your house I want to try my
I know that grows too fast talking about
my white hairs it's the new style maybe
John this is right here this is look you
guys have a you prep the lighting and
like fluorescent lighting don't you yes
my hair is dark my new boy again did you
dye it too
no it's all natural I just naturally
look that great great great alright guys
I'm coming back I'm coming back to life
I look wow I do you're right I do I do
but right you're right you're right
look a nurse is getting shot I'm not
gonna recognize this kid you get the
same thing I'm yen yeah he's ticklish
you know cursed with the same cowlick we
can blame you can blame Grandma for that
pain look at all right you feel better
you look better you look like my kid
again how come when the cameras on
you're quiet when the cameras off you're
like a raging crazy raccoon animal dig
into a trash can anyway guys thanks for
hanging out today I know it's very uh
just super laid back and we just like I
said early we just did the best we got
today we will be back tomorrow is gonna
be a lot of fun actually going to do
something that I've always wanted to and
never done I'm doing a lot of those
lately I've been doing a lot of those
not those things lately
that being said hope you enjoyed the
story time maybe we should do more of
those I don't know we have lots of great
stories tell us in the comments if you
want more story time and give us that
like button if you want more I love you
cane it's time for bed we love you guys
thank you so much we'll see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you want a pecan smile
more
you
