yo guys welcome to the vlog it is armed
hey guys
say cheese Cora oh I'm a posh happy can
you say cheese I think I think flash ate
it Cora hey hey
Nikki but say cheese did it looks like
if I do this just right it looks like
flash is sitting at your table anyways
what's up what's up what's up what's up
trying to steal it he's a thief he's a
thief what's up mama I like how there's
two bottles of Italian dressing in the
living room
the house is hammered it is like I mean
it's just wonderful this is good this
looks good but our kitchen whew it's
never felt more like a Sunday it is
raining outside I feel literally like
trapped in here today like I feel like
we're just chilling hanging goofin eaten
are you trying to look flash are you
trying to kiss flash give flash a kissy
how did you do with your hands guys
isn't bad I need to move back
well you got a shirt now you need some
pants here you go popsicles sure I think
she wants to trade with you all right
let's see it lets see it you got to
really rotate with your hands like push
push there you go oh you're flying try
again I know it's weird
whoa there you go here you go you gotta
hold it that's what we got going on
today how are we doing you doing your
sister's makeup all right
lots of kids her sister's kids are spend
the night here tonight three of them
these three oh yeah oh you're going to
haunted haunted forest okay so five kids
six six six kids will be here today
seven including me
one parent big bad wolf real life stuff
we need to clean up are you serious no
you're gonna film you gonna make up yeah
baby yeah no I gotta film you know I
gotta film just the random cut up Apple
and in just so much randomness
I got candles lit because our septic we
think something with the UH
what does that call it because our leech
bed something's wrong with this so our
house I'm not kidding
it smells like sewer it's bad so I got
candles lit all over the house it's it's
very uh it's uncomfortable
I woke me up the smells so bad last
night at night and then when I wake up
my room always smells like chicken
chicken you're growing it just wants
protein give me chicken are you serious
I wake up no joke I smell bacon eggs all
that
yeah we're like no it's coming eat it
well I would say you would flush we're
probably pretty similar I think he
thinks there's chicken in here chicken
chicken I have a feeling that today is
going to feel very much like a Sunday
vlog which means tomorrow is Sunday for
us we're gonna to Sunday vlogs what's
tomorrow
are you serious I was like wait what am
I forgetting
okay okay we're doing a hot hot wing
eating contest that's right okay all
right that's perfect
today will be our Sunday that's perfect
all right first things first we're gonna
clean up a pair of this house fort well
speak of the speak of them there's one
right there
welcome welcome I just want to jump yeah
something to pull give you a hundred
bucks are you serious you jump in for
$100 the pond but I respect that because
I would do it for haibach's - that's
where's Liza there she is
what's up guys
p probro i can't even explain how awful
the house is smelled that's real oh I
never thought coming out to the rain the
mist the mud would smell so good it is
straight fall guys look at them trees
it's getting pretty out cannot beat the
fall look here in Ohio man I love it you
check on the girls they started Brits
doing their makeup they're going out to
a Halloween thing tonight holy crap guys
our house stinks so bad I can't even
explain even worse it's only Saturday
and the places that can come fix it
aren't even available till next week so
like I don't know gasps stop and
somebody order a glue stick what do you
need glue for oh boy oh wait what are
you gonna be oh I think we should pack
up maybe we should pack up sleep in the
store tonight like a campout the house
stinks so bad what do you mean really
wait till you walk in there after being
out here all right
well I guess I'll just wait till the
final the final it's done no Brits
actually gotten so good at the make up
stuff like I'm so happy I love when she
like fought not only finds things that
she enjoys but she bought she's so good
at it like she's so natural at it I love
it - will you do what are you doing a
day like this bug all right what do we
do so my thought is it only stinks when
it rains a lot it's been like 2 or 3
days of just range so I think the leech
bed fills with water and it somehow
backs up the gas or the smell or
whatever it is into our area and it is
funky man it is funky I know it it's
pointless to complain about it
especially on camera because you can't
snow - I'm just I'm being a baby I'm
being a bigger baby jump in that pond
right now look how good how good that
looks I can't wait those frozen we can
do the ice stuff like we did last year
all the ice stuff I'm with you man let's
go what what you dad me for huh send it
I want to see a Ron Wan like what you
run and bounce oh shoot there you go
yeah speed
did you literally couldn't do that like
three weeks ago you know you're crushed
okay
um several vlogs ago I mentioned this
idea of Korra has these eggs right and
they open up they look pretty real but
they open up in two colors my idea was
that we have her throw the eggs down and
see what colors are in a man since
Eliza's here I don't feel as guilty
about just doing it to Corey there's
another problem all we have is dark eggs
I don't have a white egg this is a real
one and the idea was that we throw down
the fake ones break them open and then
hand them a real one and they throw that
down and it's a real egg and then we see
what they do right oh he has brown eggs
we're gonna have to really work we're
gonna have to really wait it we do have
one this one this one's fake and it's
brown so if I just mix it in I just
mixed it into the pile you know like
brown white brown look this is a fake
one I don't I don't think they'll notice
all right I mean course clueless I know
it's freezing we're trying to let it
warm up it's a little like a baton
switch you throw it it breaks open it's
fake and then you hand them a real one
throw it all over the floor perfect core
you sleepy I didn't do this the other
day because I was like I felt guilty
about I wasn't in that mood to be ornery
but today I'm feeling kind of ornery and
I got a lot of sidekick right here my
little buddies like let's do it
names good idea wait it will ain't gain
we can just I can just have them throw
these right and then you go out here try
this one and just hand it to him they
don't even think about it
they ain't gonna look at the color it's
perfect look at that I wish we had white
eggs
yeah that's even better look it's
perfect
what's going on in here
my good that's a JIT you make a good
pirate
obviously Monica let me see oh yeah I
hit by a car I don't think all right do
me a favor you have to I know what we
all got food and stuff so this is gonna
be fun I'm gonna hand you an egg okay I
got different colors but inside is a
different color on a different number
and I want you to hit it on the table
and tell me what color is inside of it
all right you got to hit it hard
ready smash it down smash it okay what
purple okay let's try wonder what color
the brown let's just keep this do
another white one all right what color
do you think it is no like this go like
this do you think you can hit the next
one really hard right here all right
what color do you think that one will be
hard you got throw it hard okay all
right hard
well Isaac give me five you are
hilarious
you're funny Liza now it is so alright
that's why I didn't do it to you
alright now it's it now you want to
actually play alright knock it see what
color that is
that's totally backfired on me 100% she
legit just said like Oh take a bite oh
yeah we got a poodle we got you take a
bite you not one player she just throws
up all of that it's like I thought like
I tried to warn y'all
all right where is it no bottle women
about a women yeah yeah there's not much
mouths left your old face isn't it
alright well since we're switching our
Sunday and Saturday's around we're going
to we're trying to figure out we gotta
like a big a big big day coming up big
weekend it's gonna be on weekend did a
whole weekend a week should be the whole
month it's incredible Brittany and I are
about to celebrate coming up on 10 years
together and that's absolutely insane
and I love her to death
like I'm like I don't know I think I
love you now more than I ever did you
feel that yeah anymore I mean not unless
every day but we are like mind blown
obviously Tim that's it that's a decade
another decade together and come on
tweeted me and said Wow Congrats on a
decade how do you guys not make each
other crazy like we're literally the
best at making each other yeah so like I
guess one of the yeah I'm gonna show my
um tissue box tripod rocking that right
now you guys know I always have the
weirdest tripods yeah so we've been
talking about like we just started daily
vlogs right and our ten years coming up
we're like well what if we took a little
trip or something
now we're daily vlogging so it's like
now we have to plan around that like can
we upload do we have internet do we go
like we thought about we've got about
literally having the house to ourselves
yeah we were like what if the kids go
Stan I'll hold like two days of
nothingness like whatever we want or but
then also we're vlogging every day so
that's not very fun for you but then
yeah like you can't believe how much
your life does change around the vlogs
like you have to make you have to make
sure where you're going has
like you'd be surprised like how much we
have to do around being able to upload
and edit in like last month we do
whatever we want we weren't filming
right now we're like daily vlogging over
about to come up on this huge huge
milestone and we're like what do we do
and like at the end of the day it's like
we're gonna do what we want right but
it's not so like we've just committed
we're just committed to the channel so I
don't admit I think we can do it without
missing vlogs right yeah like that's the
actual goal
don't miss the vlogs like let's keep
this going feel good or having fun but
what can we do baby really come you know
how we have like our like throwback some
are like best moments together and
everything like that definitely will
have that 14 years but maybe we let like
everyone else edit stuff into it let's
do it an hour-long video of everyone
else's at their own best best memories
of us best moments waiting that fills in
our anniversary days you sing like just
that one day or something like we don't
we don't upload we upload their videos
we don't know we're really doing no I
know I like the I like the idea it's
interesting but I don't know if
everybody wants long I know you're young
for the day no oh so yeah it's pretty
much like what do we do for such a
milestone guys like this is so huge for
us so exciting like I'm so excited to
celebrate 10 years of you I didn't have
a life before this is what it feels like
I know it's crazy it doesn't even feel
like we were ever not together no I was
like my whole life is with you where we
came from to where we are right now it
does feel like a whole different life
yeah
that's probably why we have that feeling
but like I don't know just food for
thought guys like maybe somewhere maybe
we can drive to that's only a few hours
everything about like going to get a
cabin for the weekend but then there's
no internet probably yeah I can't really
blog or post it or I have to find a
Starbucks or something the internet yeah
like half your trip becomes like editing
and uploading so no I'm like we should
put it out there to you guys now so that
it's not a shock when we accidentally
disappear for a month I'm kidding so
yeah instead of like the the Sunday vlog
which you guys know is usually like like
British saying like let's do one take
Sunday's so we don't actually miss a day
of log for sure but it's fun like I
don't care more kids yeah I'm like I'm
gonna be a hundred cent honest with you
guys I don't care as much anymore like I
I used to go insane up here thinking
about everything was you guys every
thought was what you got what I thought
you guys would want and it drove me mad
like drove me crazy now I'm like today
we're just gonna film some clips and
upload it like that's where my mind's at
a couple times I find myself already
being like tomorrow's gonna be exciting
the wing-eating challenge that's gonna
be terrible area I hate ha ha stuff so
it should be funny wait should I do it I
wasn't planning on it but maybe maybe
being you should just challenge you you
probably wings like that just take out
you probably do better than me I'm
really bad at pasta anyway guys that is
our upload anything vlog Sunday /
Saturday tomorrow though will be Sunday
for us and it's gonna be a little more
safety I quit yelling there we are we're
gonna just wrap up with getting a whole
bunch of kids in their cages changes
timid in their beds
let's go check it out you got um Oh
chilly another seat you watch a movie
baby wiseass snuggling up ones hiding
over there playing now how do you know
what they're doing they're playing video
games video games baby so yeah guys
thank you so much for being here thanks
for being a part of this crazy little
life for living and thanks for
understanding everything it's weird
coming on here like they already know
it's awesome
we love you guys so much ah day 13 this
is 13 feels good keep it going we'll see
you guys tomorrow for a hot hot wing
eating contest beautiful you're one of a
kind smile more
you
