here we go here we go
Britt's taking her old man in to see if
he can get LASIK guys I'm going to see
today I'm going to see if I can get eye
surgery so don't have to wear glasses
not very long ago a few months months
maybe it's been longer than I think I
got my first pair of glasses and it's
for distance and at night like during
the day right now it's not too bad can
read everything just fine it's distance
it's like far away is blurry so we're
going today I don't even know if I can
film it I'm even know like it might be
really difficult I might just have to
skip it we don't know yet or go on today
right now to see if I am like they have
to they have to tell me if I can get it
done never done it before so that's
where we're starting today hope you're
feeling great hope you're having a great
day I've got an eye exam but I've never
been tested to see if I can have surgery
yeah I'm such a good thing it would be
really cool not to have to worry about
glasses because I'd lose them so fast
Murray lost my first two pairs in a few
months
literally I'm like alright it's time to
make it LASIK appointment because you
know I love this fountain got like a big
lily pad so you can't really see the
weirdest thing to talk about I am
getting old dude they're talking about
you like certain fountains like that
maybe is a sign of getting old no but
like ours in our pond you see like
everything around like the pump and
everything that one's like hidden no you
look good though going up going up going
up last time I did that I ate I exam for
my glasses they like dilate your eyes
with this yellow stuff coming out of my
nose and everything's so bright
afterwards for like you're so lucky I
look so good look at the big boy filling
out his own paperwork I'm gonna I'm
gonna try to do this all on myself I
thought this is why you married me you
do all my paperwork always every time
I'm gonna figure it out I'm gonna do it
myself
good job oh man oh boy
30 minutes that's it that's it ooh they
caught it if they cut it open oh my god
it's tough people are incredible man
like incredible figures that out who
figured that out let's slice the eyeball
open and fix it with a laser
all right guys like you to meet the Auto
refractor and it's gonna get a baseline
of my prescription so I just put my face
up to this I just want it wide open yeah
you can blink okay on to the next room
don't know what that is don't know what
that is but they're basically singing
I'm a candidate for eye surgery so I
wouldn't do know what that's worth
nothing
I haven't won in that long I can't
really complain what
I'm still a baby it still where I take
the lenses out I'll just wear the frames
for you working all over the place just
did there's two machines which told them
that I can do the surgery like I'm
approved the thickness of the there's
some smart people to figure this stuff
out
this looks old-school this is this is
more my style this is where they got a
this is where they got to dilate my eyes
with that stuff and then everything like
the lights are blowing and yeah I think
so go closer oh you can see so we're all
that contrasts and stuff looking closer
oh you can see your eyes into it through
the people like that see my brain be all
numb yeah it's like so heavy to blink
did you actually touch my life yeah Wow
I couldn't feel at all no all right not
only am i achama de I'm on a hard time
seeing right now like up close it's
weird Gary but I have an appointment
I'm good I'm getting in I'm getting eye
surgery dude see weird and even even
cooler is they're letting us film the
whole thing
yeah but they think they're gonna let us
film the whole thing
Milo Assassin's Creed ching ching ching
no but I think if they let us film it
would be really cool maybe some of you
have actually done this but maybe
there's some of you that can do it there
maybe too afraid to do it and maybe if I
do it maybe it'll inspire some people to
get it done because I want to see good
man there's nothing better like when you
hear the doctor say you have healthy
eyes like for some reason that felt
really good you know yeah look at that
fountain Oh - back home or what what's
the plan
what's the plan girl just pull apples oh
that is what is that yes if you don't
he's so weird looking up closer anything
my distance is Oh God
oh my god that is the most toxic egg
I've ever smelled
dude you're putting those in your mouth
sweet sweet barbecue baby oh I've been
so good five days today day five having
eaten one bad thing
he makes me suffer because actually you
didn't meet Oprah I said it's fine I'll
go I'm not getting anything but it's
hard it's just so
gonna get me in the car no you got your
little time we think Noah upper headed
home the whole McDonald's thing was
faked those weren't even real nuggets
that never happened and I am not even
full I'm actually on three so
alright loudmouth let's see what you got
today nothing nothing
baby oh now he gets it you know what
it's jealousy it's jealousy
nice earning your keep around here huh
how's my little lamb little lamb oh so
cute she wipes up everything ok ok
dude hey where's my love where's my
heart I know man look at ya give ma give
a hug it's just so disgusting outside
it's been raining all day finally got a
cover on the pool and uh it's just vom
dogging outside if I tried that ride
back if I did that I would be in bed for
about three days Cory what you got I see
your hat can I see your hat what you got
today I'm just gonna tear it apart
come here cor come here what is he doing
what are you doing
well her do it let her see it you do it
say what is he doing yeah are you trying
to put it on me here we go Oh easy easy
you know that's your Sunday shirt right
that's your Sunday shirt your lazy days
long
twinsies honey come rescue me
Oh we'll see what Noah's let's get
you're gonna know what you want go
upstairs do you want it yeah okay okay
still baby-proof go you know pretty soon
she'll be going up here that guy all
right all the way to the top you are
superwoman no uh get your game all
looked up no I got what is it yeah look
at this girl you guys stay away from
that rail no I got Red Dead for his
birthday and it was pre-ordered today so
we got to pick it up and he's you home
okay
Hey look right here we have here did you
even eat you guys want the real version
of the family this is it it's me chasing
everybody around filming them while they
get into their own world what are you
doing I have a feeling I could be
totally wrong I think war is gonna be
the destructive one both my boys were
not did it breathe in me ever this one I
think you're the one look at her she
just wants to hit things she's the one
that knocks all the blocks over she's
the one that takes the leg as a purse
she's the one that takes crowns already
and tries to draw on things my boys
didn't ever do that ever I had to find
reasons for them to be in trouble all
right let's do it
this is old school right here throwing
cane arms up if you walk the road you
gotta trust your pops if you want it you
gotta trust me
this is it I feel like this is gonna
hurt
okay you gotta let me you gotta really
let me throw you know let's put the
beatnik down here and then I just light
toss on my oh okay
oh she flying are you flying just
remember just remember the ceiling fans
they're not free haircuts for everybody
you stuck now mommy's got ya head stand
touch them overboard honey Cory you
gotta you gotta get off the landing pad
it's where helicopters land
do that squeal up a break glass
Brittany's got her for nine updating
Noah's got red dead downloading and
Kane's got roadblocks along these are a
bad influence on me because now I want
to play games
yeah it really does turn into a game of
mouse right look that's that's true this
sticker right here okay did your guys so
cool wait these are all just follow you
around
they're your pets my gosh this is how I
watch them you call me in are you coming
to his hair I'll shoot on it okay
you're telling me that's better than
McDonald's you know it's really crazy as
the I place had an appointment for
tomorrow like I could wake up early and
have my surgery now we have a houseful
tomorrow like every kid we're
babysitting all of her sister's kids
tomorrow so this house is gonna be
packed and I just and I wouldn't be I'll
see you either way so I'm not doing it
tomorrow although I wish I was just
kidding it's one of them things where I
just I just want to get it out of the
way but it'd just be crazy to go in
today and then they hey tomorrow morning
you want to do this I'm like kind of
been gonna ain't gonna happen
let me just film you eating just keep
eating just keep eating yeah nailed it I
got the money shot I'm just doing that
to make you jealous
what do you think everything you thought
it would be our you ride a horse rainy I
just want these funny stuff like this I
don't know there's a ramp a horse
alright have fun
oh it is snuggle time huh Oh daddy do
you want daddy yeah I don't know if she
wants daddy because she knows I am NOT
gonna go take her to bed like mommy will
or if she uses me to keep from going to
bed which is it wait is it everybody's
in their own world tonight and this is
it this is a great time to explain daily
vlogging as a family some days it's all
about the block we're all happy to jump
on the camera and just hang out on
camera
somedays everybody's in their own world
doing all their own things and it's me
with the camera going where's Kane
there's no like flash is always done
he's like just one more second on this
couch just just one more so here that is
our vlog for today probably are sort of
long of the week I better sort of like
since we came back I don't know it's
hard to tell I don't feel like I film
very much today I'm happy it's been a
strange day it's raining so much and I
think all the rain we live in the
country I think all the rain is backing
up our leach bed or septic or something
because the last three times we've had
heavy rain it hasn't stopped today
rained all day the house smells like poo
it smells bad like a legit stinks it
stinks so bad in here you don't really
notice until you go outside and come
back in and it is something's wrong so
we got to figure that out man how owning
a house is non-stop oh you think it
smells good
is that what you're saying you think it
smells good is that what you're saying
oh it doesn't know it doesn't promise we
love you guys so much what today is
today what is it twelve
Oh eleven
I know we didn't we had ten was the
range I don't know guys we love you dude
he's literally just following me
Mountain barking Huskies are so verbal
we love you guys so much thank you for
the support if you didn't see
yesterday's vlog check that out I know I
saw so many of you saying I never saw it
it didn't pop up it didn't even exist so
there was a vlog yesterday just in case
we love you you're beautiful you're one
of a kind smile more
you
