Wow
okay guys here we are once again after
I've promised how many times that we
wouldn't be doing welcome to today's
video guys today's really an update for
you guys this is a video instead of
skipping a day which once again we
almost did yesterday we had an
incredible storm at the house
there looks like snow so let's get to
this video we basically again no sleep
last night
Britney was I thought it was good time
this morning it's pretty solid
like pretty solid signs our midwife came
here early this morning it was like 5:00
6:00 in the morning yeah it was it was
pretty intense morning for us so we're a
little Draghi a little dragged out not
as fun as yesterday's vlog which by the
way as of right now is number 2 on
YouTube thank you guys so friggin much
it's crazy
so midwife scheme check Brit out because
we really thought she was in labor sure
baby was healthy good heartbeat
everything is awesome she's just not
it's like she's ready her body's ready
but and when her head goes down we're
gonna engage like she said maybe tonight
probably she said probably tonight so
everything's like leading up to this
moment we've had so many false alarms
you guys have been here through it it
has been ridiculous literally a
patient's tester
I am patients anybody named patient for
literally like zombies right now guys I
feel so bad that we're like this right
now but we got up we got we can't leave
you hanging right now this is really our
life right now everything is about
leading up to this hopefully tonight
like I've said I've tweeted it tonight
please tonight it's been a boy dick
crowd well this is the little girl that
cried wolf
bring her and over so now like this
morning when she's freaking out like
like I could see in her face like this
could be it like she was in a lot of
pain a lot of contractions
and I believe it but in the back of my
head I'm like probably just another
false alarm so and kind of was but it
kind of wasn't it's like really like
what she what she say you're winding up
so baby's winding up in that it'll
probably trickle out today and then go
into labor tonight so that could be it
could be great you just gotta rest up
today if you can so I guess I could take
you guys out there and say hi to the
kids and stuff today but this is this is
literally a hello this is exactly what
we're doing right now wish I was doing
something fun like filling a pool with
plastic clay balls but I know as I said
you need to get all this out so I can
get in the pool you can still get movie
great you know I'd be so irritated
she rose she's like right there is the
craziest thing ever which by the way at
this time of her pregnancy she said that
especially a second baby her head could
have been down and it comes back up and
he goes down and comes back up and just
at the moment this morning she wasn't
she wasn't I think now in a car see if
she's head down and flips her outlet
it's go time
so that's where we're at baby wise guys
can't stress on us were beyond impatient
with this I struggle with patience
altogether not very good at it stop my
work on all the time this has been
probably the biggest test for me
mentally is this baby so many false
thanks I'm gonna go out and say hi to
the kids real quick and just let you
know that everything is healthy
everything's good Britney's great I'm
good the kids are great house is great
we're just waiting for this baby so
please bear with us on our energy
obviously if you're watching right now
at this point then you you're really
here with us thank you so much for that
thanks for the extra love today because
it's probably gonna get crush crushed by
hey your video is not 20 minutes long so
I mean yeah I mean yeah YouTube makes
them crazy
cause she knows she's grounded she want
to come out she's camera shy she's
grounded she's I'm gonna say how the
kids real quick how you doing buddy
playing some game oh I didn't tell you
guys today as well not our house
everybody in the areas out of Internet
we have no internet today it's crazy how
many games we have that require internet
that you can't even play without
internet that's weird ready for this
baby wait
so the internet is working what it's
been Albert like our all all day so far
no internet and they've been like we
call in they're like everyone's working
on it we're trying to get the NRA so
it's back on what's gonna make it in
this video uh Pilates baby girls coming
she's coming this is it's I'm feel
really really good about how I felt good
about the last 15 possible Mars
he said the Internet's working I haven't
tried it yet you want to try it oh you
guys imagine if imagine right now if the
internet just disappeared it's gone you
could no longer ever get on the internet
we were probably going to some type of
mass panic it would probably be
devastated it would be devastating
that's our video for today guys I don't
know what to say until this baby comes
we're exhausted we're excited we're
we're ready I don't know what else to
say thanks for the support guys it's
it's absolutely insane overwhelming
everything that we do especially like
videos like this where you guys actually
support it and come on here and and give
it love is unbelievable
I need a map we will hopefully see you
guys tomorrow is current day by the way
we will see you guys tomorrow hopefully
with the first images of our baby
love you guys so much beautiful
one-of-a-kind smile
you
