welcome to the vlog guys hope you're
feeling good hope you are having a
wonderful day we are kind of just
getting something had to go yesterday
during my how to make pumpkin pie how to
carve pumpkins video I hope you got to
see that I lost my glasses like legit
that's my second pair of already lost
only had glasses for what two months
three months yeah not long and I bought
super cheap glasses just because I knew
I'm not responsible enough to have a
nice glass yeah I've been super glue I
was like maybe to get there I lost them
but I was legit upset last night can't
find my glasses so today new pair 89
bucks no there we go there's my new
glasses guys I got them and it feels
amazing and tomorrow probably as you're
watching this I have an appointment to
see if I can get the eye surgery like
legit eye surgery and hopefully I could
film that and yeah I would never have to
wear glasses so huge huge so we'll see
what happens with that today's vlog I
really really wanted to we really want
it to be about our trick-or-treat
experience this vlog is all about
trick-or-treat so we're headed home
right now to kind of start getting ready
for that taking the family the kids and
we're going trick-or-treating so we
really wanted our memories today to be
about that so let's go do some
trick-or-treating it just got so lucky
glass just ran straight into the screen
door one of the reasons I don't know if
you guys remember I know we were daily
blogging at the time but my brother's
son Dale you act like you've never been
alone
okay I didn't catch it on the blog but
my brother's son ran I'm not kidding
through the screen door like straight
through it ripped it off so anyway we've
just put a new one on which I'm sure
will be taken out by him very soon hey
what's going on
yeah little Dale ran straight through
this dude look you can see the cats are
already climbing on it back here you
ready for some trick or treat
huh good thing I just moved the screen
how's my little girls
all right comfy girl give me five
boom let's see it lets see it
oh they're getting so much better we can
show all right well we gotta get ready
soon oh wait you're doing that first
yeah all ruined my makeup no I mean
makeup on all right fair enough you
don't have face paint you're gonna be a
ninja some real-life flaw you know oh my
god no yeah get you broken eggs man do
that
egg egg gag so bad let's not do right
now we gotta we gotta get ready Kings
all about it a couple blogs ago I
explained the egg idea and it's gonna
happen soon huh it's almost
trick-or-treat so is Britney's learning
how'd she get that oh yeah oh they don't
look good on me whiskers that you got
your whiskey's your whiskey's I tried to
put them on they don't look right on me
Chuck here's all the boogers off huh
yeah busted I play smart I bought a mask
you slip it on you're done like I don't
have like a costume though I don't have
anything that I can put that's it won't
wait let me see those this is what
you're wearing
yeah I gotta go up to my answer
I feel like I should watch it another
video about contacts
it's such a feat I've never put them in
ever and supposed to chew on them this
is no beast
that's the name dude so much props to
you contact wearers that is that is
something you really have to get used to
yo that's I can't honestly say I've ever
given a real effort to putting on ice
but I've never put a man I never had
contacts in my eyes but it's one I'm a
couple times just watching her try so
energy here we go no no it just folded
hit it seven ninja back here seven where
is he don't there's a ninja this is
gonna be awesome you got your like candy
bag candy box can debug it okay all
right you know what I use when I was a
kid a pillowcase that's all I use
there's a kid a pillowcase is ripped off
the pillow run around trick or treat did
you get a man both of them no no dude
that is scary what if they go crooked
while we're out there you're not gonna
know mommy getting her makeup done huh
look at mommy's eyes get mommy's eyes
she hasn't even looked at you show you
notice well that's good
like my eyes you can't be fierce
oh you could drone oh you guys are so
cool these are the moments I like
catching right here when they just
naturally playing hanging out I have my
camera and boom got him he bailed on you
already
he bailed on you oh oh yeah animal
parking spots up here that was so big I
like your tail wow that's awesome
Cory she has no interest she's she's
been doing it you gonna be a cat kenja
Nyanja
I know yeah see if tux can talk to you
Steve eh speak tux
show me your poles he's got to recognize
the poles Oh always threatened by your
your you giant cat features your like a
cucumber Butlin up get warm
all I have is my mask I don't have like
a full costume for it hoping I getting
aware at the altar because I can't see
very well out of it so what's it Oh
what's up well you can't think that oh
my bit my been my bed Cory ready get
your suit on it's like 10 minutes yeah
Cora Cora you won't go bye-bye
no do you want go yeah
do you want to go bye-bye
let's go I'm so comfy here yeah here we
go we have been trick-or-treating for a
while neither one even when Noah was a
kid he was never into it now when I was
kid we that was like the time of year
man we spent all night
trick-or-treat was longer and it took
place at night now it's like it starts
when it's the light out it's like way
shorter it's different but we gonna have
fun meowww brought me out I'm a dog
she's a cat I chased you across the
street oh my gosh she had the mass that
I tried on what's up guys what's up oh
jeez hey does your dad have anything to
wear I knew it he's stuck with this
about a mask bro don't worry I got you
might get hard to vlog in this oh boy oh
boy we got all the family here now dude
that's the best you don't know how funny
that is until you core would have
only been three four months old last
trick or treat
so this is our first time everything's
gonna be scary
you ready have some fun okay so canes
and ninja who are you Conrad my bad my
bad
Liza you look like a real princess
that's what I meant
you look just like a mermaid oh boy it's
my brother's kids they're in for the win
ah oh it's gotta be Dale it's gotta be
Dale he's the only one would stick me
with a sword immediately Christine like
thunder I'm gonna like I can't hardly
see crap but hey guys let's go
trick-or-treating I'm looking for key
cats in a million
kitty cats been spotted kitty cats been
spotted I feel we're gonna run over kids
I know I can actually see better out of
the mouth the ideas are really difficult
okay guys that's a real cat that is not
a costume I need you to step back do not
do not touch that dude all right
the tricker tribe is headed out oh boy
oh my god you're cut me once I'm just no
healing stuff I have the best disguise
ever the only problem is I can't see it
very good at all hey if I trampled any
kids tonight it's not me I can't see
that's sweet I don't know why it's so
cool just love it what'd you get in okay
we got to step it up dude we got ahead
of every door every house oh my god they
would play baby shark
I got baby shark plan it's not hot
let's do it let's do it hit it hard they
took your treat move baby we start going
hard okay question question we're still
the guys with chainsaws and oh I
remember when I was trick-or-treating
there's always these houses that you
avoided because he knew the guy was
under the porch with the chainsaw or you
you just knew what houses to avoid when
you're a kid seems like it's pretty mild
here right now you see how we're doing
okay okay we all right we got the bottom
covered we got to go hard man let's go
it's nice you dressed up as a small more
employee you got a good costume here's
one thing I want to say is it just me or
are we as parents the problem because
when I was a kid we ran and we rent
there's it's all parents you know but I
just remember at all ages you just ranch
yeah that was probably rare though I
don't know I don't know we just rained
we just lived in a small town it was
just safe is it different day it's a
different day ahead now you got guys
with big cheeks and big mustaches am i
right it's the first scary thing I've
seen all night keep mommy away let's jam
in though man it's rockin it's fun fun
fun fun fun fun
it's got to come off for a minute dude
yes he nothing in there guys I'm blind
you got him and realize I'm like nobody
knows me right could I put this mask in
the wall so these kids are run up to me
like we know it you just put it the one
dang party over here look at this I
swear they're zombies this guy's got the
idea man this is cool house do some good
stuff oh geez
let's go now we're getting there a-hole
come on let's go let's go nailed it all
right come on this way no gotta teach
these kids how to do it yeah Quorra got
cold she's hanging out in the car all
she wants to come back out I think she's
ready to go baby it's dark Cora did this
outfit all right let me see her let me
see her not want to see you I can carry
her yeah you got your basket let's go
get some candy hey please don't be a
speed bump for Halloween all right stay
on the road stalks what are you doing
here what are you doing stalks does that
not look like tugs it looks just like
Todd what if it was what yeah yeah
with his here it's like oh yeah he's
limping really bad you know why he's
dressed as a zombie cat tonight he's in
full character he's in full character
dude he's a city cat man he's probably
been through more than most cats have
ever seen
what is that korma she thinks it stucks
sneezes cut that's a street kitty that's
the most walking I've ever done
trick-or-treating it was still fun we
had a good time so fun we did a little
running burned some calories bro just
skip school man I said school a Gilroy
never skips a good party she's like now
staying right here come on come on
little lamb come on little lamb oh all
right we made it success successful
mission yeah pretty good bucket look at
all that right thumbnail family a flash
could he cut up he literally could have
we have that costume next year next year
flush it's here it's your time shine
family thumbnail costumes perfect not a
Bing badda boom one is completely sorted
it's chewing a wrappers off no you can't
skittles either dude are you crazy
both eyes would turn blue you are all
over me you just want love what is this
what is this oh all right well there you
have it we're back home fireplaces
kicked on we've only turn us on once
this year and it's like one of them fake
ones but so nice it sets the mood for
like the winter and comfort look you
just pile right into comfort kick that
thing on plus it gets hot it actually
heats this whole part of the house which
is common mo hyped up on chocolate hip
go get your jammies she looked at our
pan go get jammies that's it walk your
little butt in there and get some pants
girl guys thank you for joining it this
is kind of a weird like I'm gonna say it
I'm just gonna say it's either where we
went trick-or-treating our
trick-or-treating is just really lame
nowadays it is there's nothing exciting
where's the guys chasing kids would
change like where's the crazy I know but
actors outside but that was like an
event like that was like all prepared
and like it's like I get the kids still
have fun it was good but it is I'm
telling you trick-or-treat when I was a
kid was intense like when you came home
you were covered in sweat you were
exhausted it was awesome did you do that
or was it just like no no okay well I
may have had just a total different
expert in a little tiny small town
everybody knew everybody so yeah maybe
it was just a different experience tell
me your trick or treat like tell me how
it is for you and what it was that's
that's a pill I can cut holes in the
bottom if you want she's like but I want
to wear that are those core that's a
pillowcase I mean maybe it would make
you more comfortable when you're in my
bed at 3 in the morning you want to wear
it yeah she's my car there's no leg
holes baby there's no come here
let's put it on let's put your let's put
your jammies on she actually thinks it's
there you go there you go but you're the
one in dumb piggies in there all right
there you go these are horrible pants oh
my gosh
it's a mermaid good jammies go get
jammie silly we love you guys uh thanks
for being here I really wanted today's
video just to be about trick-or-treating
I don't know that was I mean I did just
change her diaper maybe I put it on back
no it's alright I don't know we love you
guys we're gonna cut off breaths if
she's not feeling it now which yeah and
it probably have been hard to tell but
I've been like you guys remember when I
was sick the second daily vlog I legit
like I feel great
but I'm recovered from it like I wake up
I'm like oh my god it's rough like
mornings are rough nights are rough so
I'm not even fully back so I'm hoping
nobody in this house gets that love you
guys you get these are assholes to bed
and we'll see you tomorrow
I love you absolutely beautiful you are
one of a kind smile
