welcome to the blog guys welcome we are
out and about it's beautiful it's sunny
we've got little Keener's hurricane
volcano candy cane we got Noah aka Noah
forgive mommy super pregnant Mama's tell
him what happened today tell him because
we were actually I delayed the vlog
because multi oh you just read him the
text that you sent me I was in the
bathroom and she's texting me like this
I think this might be it
this might be it my girl she's like
you're in tears you're in eight years
because her contractions were so bad and
I'm like let's go so what did I do
I feel so bad the first thing I bought
first of all I made sure you're alright
but then I was like well I gotta go make
sure everything's charged batteries
cameras like up it's like she's like
you're fine you're fine you're fine
well you say you're still contractions
are still happening not as bad and
honestly there's still no baby so I pen
July 2nd I thought today would be a
beautiful day man July 2nd little girl
just goes together you know it's a
that's a beautiful day to have a baby
think of that night
but no I don't because it's a full moon
that's the only reason you said that
July 9th is like a million years away oh
I know I know I know
so in order to just move these long week
we got to get out like hike around move
around we're going to see we're gonna go
hurt actually we're gonna go to chase
and Veronica's first then we're gonna go
see some fireworks tonight locally and
just enjoy the beautiful weather get out
as a family and
anybody else got anything huh let's yo
Yanni McGee on stir out the car hey I go
what's up crazy think this is the
fastest-moving doggers it gives me
anxiety watching this dog gives me
anxiety it moves so fast and sporadic it
doesn't it's crazy all right man you got
to hit me dude because check a lot like
chase I have two boys he has two boys
and lately now he's got a little girl
which soon hopefully one day hair hang
on blur bag of the year dude please tell
me it's gonna happen soon man
like what here's the thing it has to you
have a special case you got all these
soldiers watching you right yeah she's
feeling the pressure right I think she's
nervous
she's never makeup she's like you know
what I'm just ready yo what's up do you
miss me we see some fireworks in that
boy you ready see some but you just like
came playing video games all day
probably do this dog you know what we
need to get Ecco fidget spinner because
she is sporadic look at this watch this
you guys will see the fastest dog in the
world
watch watch Oh shush ready oh my gosh
hang on that don't count
I don't go okay that's it
man what a good time to stop by take the
fam and the kids to some fireworks
tonight you know I've never been to huge
fireworks Heath is a town not far from
us and I've never been oh it should be a
nice little hometown bar work show okay
it's fireworks I mean we can't go wrong
okay you guys you guys see this giant
vent I mean you definitely see the fence
but there's a interesting story about
this fence this is Brittany's mom's
fence and back when I had to go to LA
for months at a time we would have to
find a place pursue Seuss's if you just
knew to the chalices my German Shepherd
that I used to have and he passed away
basically she agreed that if I put in a
fence at her house she would keep Zeus
while I'm in LA and that's exactly what
you're looking at that is the fence the
Zeus used to be
of course he stayed inside too but when
he was outside that's the fence and it's
still here now for her dogs but I see
you I go I don't know I just saw the
fence I started thinking I think it's
loose every single day still it is it's
actually crazy to me how much I still
miss my dog and I send the fence and I
just thought of Zeus and of course she
makes me think is this and Kai makes me
think of Zeus where are you going Zeus
wouldn't run away from me
all right you don't remind me of Zeus
take it back
oh I do miss having a German Shepherd
though yes since we're doing stories
this is the actual pool if you guys
remember the video where I filled an
entire pool pool ooh if you guys watched
for a while I filled an entire pool with
toilet paper tubes and we were jumping
in it and swimming in is crazy but this
is the actual pool chase took it and
turned it into his kids pool it's pretty
awesome
I think that's gonna include conclude
story time for today guys no more story
time alright no more story time yeah how
you doing can I ask you what but paste
is what is that game put some butt paste
on boy there were two days away from
your birthday what are we gonna do we do
that every time bellies are full
literally and we're ready to go see some
fireworks that's a good joke let me
notice that was up here with some of my
better ones out
there's a twizzler party we got some
snacks we're ready
all right look at this crazy not this
crazy guy here just kidding I know that
guy
sorry yeah you're going you want these
scooters you right up here here you
don't want the pink one it matches your
shirt exactly how can you wear a shirt
in this thing but you don't want a pink
scooter I'm about green I'm a blue Blues
good blues cool all right you guys got a
guess what kind of shadow animal and
what how it's being made go ahead whoa
it's a box ready to rock and roll here
we go big this is our first time here
and did this pilot show what we were
just in Kentucky watching the Thunder
maybe
apparently all the fireworks gonna come
up over this building or somewhere
around here
it started look like weeping willow
trees little further back then I thought
we would be pretty far back
kaboom kaboom kaboom no no you got your
binoculars
I need your binocs so we're pretty far
away but they're still beautiful that
was a car we keep if we keep moving
forward the fireworks get closer how's
it sneaking across there get this on a
bow that's pretty good stuff like video
games all night I am I've been hiding
this in like terrible back pain all day
and walking back to the car it was so
bad I mean Brittany's driving that's how
bad it was like it I can barely get in
the cars I don't know what to do like
I'm in bad shape
that's we didn't open a garage because
there's a frog and I somebody's gonna
get that frog off air oh he's a cool one
he's one of them little tree frogs
whoa I stopped by my amp where's flash I
hear him where yep flash what are you
doing
make us come to you what's that boy he's
down at the creek and he stuck you sorry
sorry English
pick it up whoa it's gonna eat you like
a beetle horn horn beetle you don't even
look like me
like that see my hair like this for a
long time afraid that once like once I
lay down yo why am I the one in pain
right and you're supposed to be pushing
it's really it's so a second I'm
starting to frustrating its frustration
oh so how do I explain like what's going
so my back is like it starts on my upper
back kind of middle upper and it comes
all the way around my ribs into my chest
and it's like hurts to breathe and like
I've had this my whole life off in a run
but this one super intense we were
walking back with the fireworks and I
took a breath and I do pretty well of
pain like I do well with pain like I did
a man I can know I can take pain pretty
well you know I can break things and I'm
fine
but the pain level was like blackening
like I thought was going black like my
vision what something happened something
happened I need I need love like I need
extra attention right now okay
so I'm afraid it won't I'm never getting
out of this bed now that's bad it's okay
well stand it together we love you guys
so much thanks for hanging out was a
quick family vlog today hopefully what
is art
what does our life gonna be like with a
new human it's just been it's been us
forever it's been us forever and she is
coming he's gonna have some saying that
we love you guys so much we will see it
tomorrow thank you for all the support
during I think today's a weird vlog it's
just what it is I'm just excited for the
baby obviously there's Ariane today
actually Canyon earlier in the war
see you tomorrow guys you're beautiful
you're one of a kind thanks for all the
love and support smile more
you
