alright guys welcome welcome to the vlog
I am stepping out for very briefly as
you guys know our situation we are
waiting on our baby girl to arrive on
planet earth and it is July 1st and
she's still not here
it's certainly a little ridiculous so
here's my thought today it's been very
difficult to just flog like go out and
flog and do things but Britney's taking
a nap and while she takes that nap my
brother called and said hey I have this
bulletproof glass like legit glass
that's bulletproof so I said I'm coming
over so when your brother calls and he
says he's got bulletproof glass you kind
of want to check it out enough is insane
this really bulletproof the guy said it
was a military project and this was the
scrap left over it is so thick Wow yeah
that's at least like an intranet what
does that use for like bank tellers
Humvees big bank tellers so my head
instantly goes so let's put a camera
behind it
right like under and then we shoot at
the camera my or something valuable I
was thinking like you would want to
stand behind it so here's a smaller
piece that's been hit with a three
that's three eighty three that's where
they told me it didn't nothing I mean
literally nothing let's not waste this
guy who what are you sticking the GoPro
behind it
alright that's gonna be sweet we have to
do something now what are your thoughts
cuz I've never shot bulletproof glass
but I mean I think it's dangerous but
let's reflect off what we're gonna shoot
on an angle like this but then does that
but then there's the bullet I have the
stopping power not a trade on hat I
don't know only time with maybe we
should rig up guns on rope so we can
yeah yeah watch out for the poison ivy
oak sumac vipers timber rattlers Piper's
snapping venomous Turtles that's not bad
right there we slide this over ya slide
it over we'll keep it in that clean spot
how do you go I thought I'd say this but
aim for the girlfriend
so makes two guys we got just the hair
of time we're gonna test this glass out
with a few different scenarios and a
GoPro obviously for you guys alright
we're gonna start with a 9 mil little
mp5 action and work our way up and
that's gonna hit harder than a regular
handgun 9 so if it'll stop this will
stop any 9 handgun true all right you
guys ready in there we're gonna take a
few shots and we'll see what happens
hopefully we can hit right around that
lens
dude that gun sack do this I'm nervous
that bullet deflection yeah we'll come
sideways alright you're on this is iron
sights - we don't have a skull or
anything you don't need no stinking
scope ok that actually went deeper than
I thought it would oh you can't see
through it ok that's not that it did not
did nothing we're looking at most of the
outside plot that's how deep you
probably how did you have a that's
amazing just like this was love whoa
he's completely and it's welded in there
it captured the bullet welded it's so
sure that's on the heat and then it kept
it that is awesome trophy like if we
could get that laser cut out
yeah and put it on a staff yeah so I
know it's hard to see but it looks like
that is it that's a 9-millimeter round
it looks close to halfway in there
really hard to tell that is wicked
that's wild shall we step it up a hair
I'll fix my girlfriend try to get it in
a blank spot ba-bum ba-bum the golden 50
caliber Desert Eagle
well let me see how your knife looks
beside it Dale got me this matching
knife for my birthday leave that fit
it's perfect sweet ok so to give you an
idea what we were just shooting against
that glass is right there we're gonna
move up this is what the it's so fat
though it's not gonna plug they're huge
no I sent it halfway through the woods
oh when you see chicks and dudes running
around in movies dual welding these
things it's a beast of a gun man it is I
mean in comparison look at the size of
it it's as big as the subcompact it's a
monster and yet it just feels right
feels right lucky dude
now one thing you should know is this
gun is loud it's been so low look at
this thing
really it's like a missile loading up
into that thing Oh got a blistering
effect that is wicked again oh my gosh
save the bullet imagine for like
research you can catch people because
their bullets still in the - look at
that plug hard to tell where it's at wow
that's nuts
it is gnarly crazy I don't know I feel
like I feel like the AR is gonna kill
your GoPro I don't know if the a I think
dar is gonna go right through it
we aim left yeah angle this left so
we'll just catch the that is an awesome
plate dude that is a sick all these
bullets were in there you could just
collect bullets that would be cool but
the 380 wasn't enough it just falls out
I mean you might as well I gotta be
honest dude hold on to that thing I know
I was so busy focused on the plate that
it was just like the first time I shot
this I hit my target and I went through
like two clips that night and I couldn't
hit anything it all happened so fast
my GoPro did you blew the glass through
the pallet is Wow neck-and-neck
look at that doubles we hit almost the
identical solid there's no bullet in
here has to be has to be it's just flat
and smashed is that metal yeah it's just
not about look how flat my bullet is
that's your bullet it's flattened geez
how it is warm that's awesome oh yeah
with your hand behind it you can totally
see the lead those are just lead balls
all right let's step it up we got the
smaller round but a high-speed round
this is a 223 and it is ballistic that
sucker is sharp my opinion is it's going
through you think I think so
it's such a little baby round but it is
fast if you don't hit here you're
hitting here which is GoPro it's just
unsighted okay AR verse bulletproof
blocks oh I'm gonna hit my GoPro is it
going through it's going through out the
back straight that is how hard it is to
stop an AR verse all in jumbo rounds
look at that not only that at this angle
it's going through a lot more distance
straight on it would even go through
easier
maybe we should shoot it this way and
try to go I'll see how deep it goes
right through the GoPro still alive Wow
okay last thing we're gonna try is
sending the bullet through long ways no
idea if we're gonna be able to hit that
but we're gonna try it ready
whoa dead center
look at that so that's how thick that
plate would have to be to stop a bullet
so we would have to be like four of
these things yes look at that
earthworm jim trying to punched you
there ah it looks like a plant or some
type of tree look how little the
entrance hole is and it opens up that
was impressive
hey thank you I'll be here all week
plates gone get back in that jungle yeah
oh my god y'all met in the middle
Cousy shape so wide mine goes so deep
maybe it's not the size of the gun it's
how you use it we're making GART this is
guard pass gun art gunner has got there
is it guards I got that tiny little hole
turns into this magical Wonderland we're
hitting it kind of in this seam which is
probably a weak spot that's why this you
get this big splatter
yeah it's literally peeling it apart
unbelievable on there you have it if you
had a sheet of bulletproof glass this
thick it would protect many common
rounds but not the AR nope not the AR
man it's going right through
so should you are you gonna sign this
and put it on your store because if you
don't I'm gonna I'm gonna have you sign
it and you want the GART piece I'll have
it on eBay yo you should literally take
this put a frame around it and hang it
on your wall yeah it's a piece of garter
yep
bitch Hey okay slightly bummed I shot
everything in 244 a chance of slo-mo but
I just checked my GoPro when I put it in
240 had to switch it to 720 for that
framerate but when I switched it to 720
it went to factory 30 frames so I didn't
get slo-mo for you guys that sucks that
would look cool in there would it look
too cool although even 240 may not have
been slow enough to capture a bullet
maybe I don't know well I hope you
enjoyed that little segment I'm gonna
run back home I think Brittany's up now
and we can we can check on her and see
what the heck's going on
just have this baby guys it's July first
like word July first is a great day like
let's just go first who feels good in
here check this out dude that's look
this is the plate we were shooting and
those are all bullet holes and the
bullets are still stuck in there look
you see oh that's a bullet right there
that boy yeah both of them that's the
big Golden Gun
how you feeling tired you just slept all
night what's wrong with you are you
pregnant
I said it's July 4 it's July 1st this
baby it's still not making a president
you know like at least this is our month
yeah yeah no matter what right alright
it's a July at this point it's a July
baby no matter wha that's crazy so I
kind of whenever the Dales threw
together
fun different little video just have
something up today because I know that
it's a struggle right now and hopefully
you guys enjoy it mixed with a little
update here you got a whole table right
here like you could set things thanks
for hanging out with us today guys
obviously if anything happens I will be
right on Twitter I'm sure Britt will
probably be off the radar but I will
keep you guys updated and if nothing
happens I just I haven't been posting
because nothing's happened so when it
does when it's go time you'll know time
Oh bye we love you got anything you want
to say to our July baby come on baby
come on baby I know you can hear me you
need to come out you oh she just kicked
me in the face
she Britt's just exhausted him and super
pregnant so it's kind of it's just kind
of me trying to keep you guys in the
loop we love ya I'll see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you are one of a kind
smile more
you
