hey bud what's a macho man I cannot be
the only person that loses his wallet
every single day I can't find my wallet
nobody's seen my wallet oh my god no his
glitched out no no somebody reset his
computer please well it's up guys
welcome to the vlog i legit can't find
my wallet anywhere it doesn't exist I'm
gonna check the chart
that's why I drove last night but that
tell ya this is looking good babe you're
not helping me either its retrace our
steps you and I picked you up last night
we came home I had my wallet I drove the
truck nothing nothing
binky Angie fuel I can't even make this
up it was legit law it's under the seat
wow so it wasn't me and actually a los
crazy spots I don't know he's got a mind
of its own okay let's do this we're set
now although we celebrated this little
guy's birthday Saturday his party was
Saturday today this is actual seventh
birthday I hope you guys are having a
beautiful October day it is sunny here
which has got the morale up and it's not
freezing cold so it's great we're gonna
run out and get some stuff done a very
cool opportunity today you guys know
that I Donst my sponsorship with G fuel
which has been is so awesome they are so
fun to work with it is a true
sponsorship if I feel like my friends
man like we we have just already had
such a good time together they called me
what two days ago three days ago he said
we want to give you $2,500 to and I was
like okay so we want to give you $2,500
to go buy any type of gaming stuff you
want Xbox Playstations called it
whatever it is
just to give away like just as a cool
giveaway you want to purchase his stuff
which he really meant that we're gonna
we're gonna pay for it and then they're
gonna reimburse but it's a cool
opportunity because it's it's dude we've
been stuck on every car
what 33 miles an hour and it's 55 baby
you gotta sometimes you just gotta put
the snow plow on the front of this thing
oh okay so after we yeah so super cool
guys 2500 bucks we're gonna we're going
right now to buy Xboxes Playstations new
games and it's all for giveaway for you
I'm so cool it's a gift back from them
and us to you so it's a Winton look at a
baby cows dude so distracted babies
every single one of them where'd they
come from
speaking of which I just polished off a
peach mango chief I think he's a shaker
I just put it in water behind some to go
packs man they spoil you also GPL giving
you guys 20% off your order using code
Roman or OMA in everybody's got the
Halloween stuff out it's crazy so you
guys go to the link in the description
for the giveaway use code Roman for 20%
off it's just a pile of goodness today
guys 4G feel I announce the sponsorship
you guys love it
I mean you absolutely pretty much crash
the website was huge is a huge deal and
we're very excited to be part of so
let's go get the giveaway stuff to give
up we haven't done giveaways forever
let's go find some cool stuff for these
guys man nothing more fun than going
into a store with like a bunch of
somebody else's money you know it's
crazy I remember this is like a remake
it has all these games with it but I
remember when this console came out like
it was yesterday deed I was just a kid I
remember my mom and dad I don't know how
they did it they bought that system we
would literally just play the legends of
Zelda dude it was so crazy man it's so
now it's like a remake it's so crazy I
might be some good giveaway stuff you
know what what is
the new Mario we're so distracted in
here the new mario party where you go
around the game board oh that would be
fun it'd be awesome on a big TV my boy
with his birthday brain right now
drooling over everything you spent your
money okay yeah $22 this is 14 and this
is 20 that's 20 tough balancing all that
birthday money did I spend it wisely
goes quick alright give away so we got
to focus here guys should we get are
these these are the same right they're
just different games just get one of
each Tomb Raider battlegrounds which one
would you get okay okay
two Xbox one X those that eat so fast
those are 500 plus tax 120 120 140
dollars now I'm just saying like that
eats up a lot of money just to console
to play stations right to X boxes -
that's like most of the money gone right
there okay - X boxes they only have one
PlayStation / they only have one
PlayStation in total two switches
fortnight edition
oh yeah ones ones all black ones
fortnight edition we need like we're at
we're at like we have a little extra
money what do we get what do we get
we're at about twenty one hundred and
forty dollars roughly twenty one hundred
forty dollars so maybe we just get two
thousand one hundred and forty can't go
wrong with that alright we're just gonna
get the third we are gonna bust we're
gonna go over but we're getting a third
Xbox and nobody has the patience so
let's rock and roll
think what
oh you just started a Royal Rumble in
the comment section alright let's go to
the counter alright we did good man it's
gonna make some some of you happy you
want you one of these you want to go
golfing today right now let's go yeah
dude this is awesome I cannot I'm gonna
show you the receipt look at this it's
crazy
look at this receipt not even like I
thought we well we went over but that's
because of tents believe this this is
crazy
like seriously caught me off guard so
they said 2500 to spend twenty four
ninety nine ninety four six cents off
but with tax we busted but still yeah
this is gonna be so fun guys I can't
wait to see I can't wait to see I
actually can't wait till it's over and I
get the tweets or whatever saying look
what I want I got it like that's what
I'm excited about top link of my
description participate in the giveaway
also 20% off your GPL using code Roman
go get it guys I knew you're gonna love
it it is that time of year trick or
treats around the corner and we don't
have costumes or anything to wear
Halloween is such a fun time because
it's it's got it's just its own five
altogether but you get to dress up you
get to go in disguise which is always
fun for us and what are you gonna be
Dora the Explorer or Barbie Ken that's a
great prop for the front of your store
wait what is it though who wears it like
Oh put it on mommy kitty girl that's
actually really funny keep your head up
you gotta keep your head up
yeah I can yeah what do you got tough
decision so much stuff
yeah I'm doing behind his make up for a
cat I'm just gonna get the costume and
keep it okay you have to have masks on
yeah but it's gonna scare Cora you can't
what am I gonna wear
what are we gonna wear that's not gonna
scare Cora these are all so creepy daddy
could wear that it's pretty good
it's gonna be huge hey touch the ball
touch the ball oh I want some candy
I want some candy oh you ninja I have no
idea
ninja vanish you gotta hit the ball you
throw it out poof grab some candy did
get some candy it needs to just spit
blood core is never gonna sleep again
don't look at the eyes look it looks at
you it's like really you just gonna glue
cotton balls to me
I got a ninja to protect my puppy I
don't know why I think it's so funny
if you chased me out of the house like
that oh my gosh I love the chick that is
yes what a fitter no that's why I was
thinking something like we're trying to
find Korra something they don't know
there's not a lot of options for that
size but there's all this cute stuff
this is the cutest have ever seen
caterpillar
mission complete we got everything we
needed today and more hey baby what you
doing what is that Trick or Treat you
don't want it I think she was just about
to fall off for cherish you can put
stuff in it eggs / I swear dude we all
see you know I'll just take the chair
hitomi kaikoura coins daddy look it's
just it's just a toy toy what is that -
what is that Oman I think he wants to
kill the saying oh jeez it's okay he's
just protecting Cora you just protecting
cold yeah all if they had it they should
have done a husky that'd be cool dude
just cool you gotta open your swords uh
oh my god so we gotta lay this little
flat oh it's cool man you got the puppy
she's like just carry on the truck just
carry it to the trash - he has been a
camera hog dude every time I pull it out
this house used to be normal if you like
the puppy pet him
she'll be used to it by Halloween my
goal is to just show it to her every day
until trick-or-treat so she doesn't
freak out when we go to change dude
trick-or-treat is gonna be horrible
there's give me so many people dressed
up like imagine how terrifying that is
it huh oh you got white pants your shirt
you go you got the coolest little
chicken suit
- sickle sickle I'm sick of you sicko
you're easy five easy easy okay
Kane wants to do anybody know where that
cotton candy machine is you guys know
where it is this oh god I'm scared open
this door this is like the everything oh
not too bad
is in the back what you do box
are you serious how do you remember what
that looks like I don't know
Kane how long you been wanting to do
this he's been out we were like what do
you want to do on your birthday like no
dude this house is dangerous he kept
saying he wants to make cotton candy
he's been asking to do this for so long
I actually feel bad we haven't done it
for a while but it's his birth date your
birthday Billy gonna bust it out man
this thing makes cotton candy and it is
actually really cool all right so this
thing still so that we I think we did
this a while back I know we did this a
long time ago hang on but hang on drape
hang on kind of explain this because
this is like technology I still don't
understand how this works okay so this
is just sugar right out of the bag
anywhere do you put it in in there oh my
gosh dude
I don't think that work oh I see it
flying all over the place
wait yeah
but whoa are they just put in slower
dude it is it's working it turns into
just like a cloud oh my gosh it's going
everywhere oh my gosh it's flying
everywhere have you guys can see it all
right let's see it pulling out of there
let me see what it looks like that's so
cool the figures are stuff out who
actually figures this stuff out turn off
solid object into a piece of duct am i
sticky like well it's almost a woman get
her strutting their stuff what we doing
in here come here come here come here
you want to see I'm here baby here's my
girl we don't know what it is yet clash
is more curious than anybody know I
better be steak on a stick
dude that's good that's awesome how is
it legit what's that
is it good it's matter with it it's rice
sugar like it's still going look at that
nice try try it
smells good smells like cotton candy
it's itchy like it's on my face it's
like eating look at the head of a Barbie
doll giant you think it all oh my god
you got you core the destroyer in the
house destroying all the epic giveaways
are not responsible for any breaks
cracks broken pieces plastic parts
missing part
I'm kidding we're gonna keep them sealed
up what are you trying to do it is you
want go deliver it
Oh baby oh you got it you got it what do
you want me to do dude that's cool it's
Kane its Kane - get him get him she's
already okay with it he applies she's
like you blogging yo you vlogging yeah
you need you need help it is Tuesday
which means it's time to string time to
string Britney does her streams on
Tuesday sometimes around between 4:00
and 6:00 p.m. somewhere around there you
go live got that fuel you spilled on the
way out
look at it she dropped it right there
whoa so it's streams I'm kind of hard to
vlog a stream but we're gonna go in and
knock a stream out I'm not gonna stream
but I'll stream with you which you girl
will do the classic spy cam hey Brits
like stream and now she's like making
videos now oh there she is
she grinding she's trying she's got TTT
1,700 people watching her it's so cool
oh my gosh I see flash flash come here
come here
hey bud that's a macho man dude you're
tough you're flexing man ain't gonna sit
oh you won't sit with it no Britney
stream
hours it's good I was terrible terribly
worst gameplay ever a flush
come here cane dude that looks so funny
the way his arms are bent like that okay
look at flash dude it's like you
actually assassins all already broke
dude not a little duct tape can't fix
I'll have that repaired by the morning
oh my gosh I have a feeling you were
swatting it harder than you should have
yeah that's for decorations for looks
you got something to say macho man I
can't take you serious right now it's
funny guys we're gonna say goodbye for
today
thank you for hanging out with us
joining us on a journey celebrating
teens oh oh oh can you feel older today
no you feel same yeah it's just another
birthday hole nutty whoa that's quick
man we love you guys so so much thank
you for being here with me and my family
and snacks yeah I'm out of here I'm a
free bird we'll see you guys tomorrow
you're beautiful
you're one of a kind
you
