Oh hug time I'll get up my captain we're
falling I'm gonna smash your arm are you
okay see you soon all right I am on
y'all
hey we'll see you soon I'll see you soon
oh I know I know you're getting spoiled
with time take care of that little one
this one right here
you ready you got everything everything
in your bag right here love you guys
gain I love you all right know me and my
boy Noah in EM bar how we getting your
empire I'm gonna embarrass houses I'm
just kidding in Paris not going flash
I'll be back my man mr. Stretch
Armstrong here's what I'm thinking in
Peyer you could probably fit in
oh he's like are you leaving me uh-uh
mr. attitude today mr. attitude we're
out of here let's go all right let's do
this what's up candy man are you feeling
good are you gonna you gonna pay your
way you got enough Jolly Ranchers on you
for that trip yes sir
everything everything okay we just uh
just go up Gilligan you ready to rock
let's go metal rock I'm ready to roll
I'll be up in this club - the club
closed I don't know what's the lines but
you know come on can me save me save me
are off to the airport as the boys
Oh show on a show on the round right
it's been like since our last trip make
sense our last trip but yeah felt long
time we were always here now we haven't
been for a while this is a super easy
fast trip no suitcases we're running in
gun and we got our just everything's in
our backpacks extra clothes extra gear
it's all we're taking security short
today we're gonna go right through this
place whoo we're looking for one more
member of our group today and we check
the pizza place that was a good good
call the only other place with the men's
bathroom that's the only other place we
can find him yo country we have to make
a big decision in how do you want paid
this week gummy bears sweet I don't see
jollies Oh huh hey buddy here's a week's
pay all right
he's been spotted who can find him dunh
dunh town and he's so lost look at him
where are they where are they I'm at the
gate
I'm gonna call them maybe I'll call them
and see if I can I'll get answer it
answer it answer it
I think we've been spotted we've been
spotted we've been ratted out boys
what's up plain sight you're in plain
sight guys I cannot make this up when
Brittany does not travel with me I lose
and I can't keep track of anything I'm
so spoiled with Brit she does all my
travel she would have the boarding
passes I don't know what I did with them
at least you remember your friends all
right yeah you how did you get them how
did you get those the candy man since
you gave me my bonus bag of Jolly
Ranchers yeah decided to step my game
apparently we're getting on this flight
buddy what do I gotta do for a large
hey you taking shirt officer swinging it
right now right here I'll buy your large
pizza right now for the plane let's do
it on the way oh no right now right now
no I swing it right here in the middle I
try not to scream right not to scream
I'll go buy a large pizza just bite here
you want it now or when we land lady
land I'm sure on the plane
yes let's do it buddy let's go yeah we
on the move
yo if you guys are ever at the Columbus
Airport and you see all these photos
they're taken by Ryan are they did it
get the monster truck like the guy that
does my March he took these photos it's
from him
big plane we're going all the way to
Dallas Texas baby so it's obvious
today's gonna be a lot of traveling
which flying we're headed we have a
layover in Dallas Texas and they're
going to another place and I'm pumped
that my boy with me decide to come it
was up to him and he said yes I want to
go so we're rolling out let's get that
music going baboom
I don't think so dawn he just texted me
said he's hungry are you hungry dude
okay so our last that flight we were
just on actually was majorly delayed
about an hour so now we have to pretty
much rush to our next one
patrolling your have you ever had a
pimple so big that you see it on your
face like I can see it on my face it's
like popping out it's rude hey do we
need to find pizza now are we good
I'm worried about making our flight and
I know I'm not the only person here on
this leads and now he wants it now
so even if we miss the flight we're like
wicked late for our next flight bc7
we're going the wrong way
cuz you been eating that chocolate your
brain get your game in the head get your
head in the game we don't stop a pizza
I've will die a real decision has to be
made because you've wanted to eat saying
you won a large pizza yeah but now
you're asking for I don't even know what
this is barbecue well that's the thing
we're somewhere else
that's not no good other Dickies
I never heard of it alright whatever you
wants on me you know you know we still
have another flight right we have
another flight I know so we have to eat
sit that's what you went for a large
pizza that's anyone I know sorry but
whatever have it I'll do who we kidding
who are we kidding step it up two large
dinner large you can do a large it's his
day if he's paying no I'm glad we are
glad we chose food over flight right now
because there's a good chance we're
gonna miss our flight
hey man I'm eating healthy you see over
there country what you see over there
you see them big lollipops the Candy Man
can let's go check it out his dream his
dream well you know one day I'm gonna
have a lollipop made that big for you
and we're gonna see how many years it
takes to lick it gone what did he you
can't have it you can't have I will get
you one I will get you one there you go
the little crime case you guys wanted
the bean boozled challenge and them know
right there so and be worth it know what
would it take to mr. candy man it's the
scorpion sucker yeah you need it but if
that's too much they got worms
they got mealworms I mean you just get
to them you just get to the surprise in
the middle worms if you lick it
is it a small yet dangerous okay so
although I was against it I got the sour
toxic barrel the bean boozled barrel and
these old I don't know if you guys have
ever seen these but you chew off the top
and you drink the juice inside the last
yeah yeah
you doubt of the year yeah tonight we're
gonna livestream it if you want we just
knocked it out not only to get the candy
we made our flight successful trip so
far done they're not gonna let you in
with that cup oh yeah I got a good one
I'm taking this cup small I might
actually need it before we get off the
plane because I trichology fast
there we go next stop last that's that
that that we made it enough airplanes
for today my friend
no more planes today we've made it to
final destination are we I think we
gotta hop in a car and drive
to our drive to our next spot it's a
travel day Travel day travel
oh no it looks so lost like a baby
raccoon where's my mommy where's where's
my mommy that's all right feeling pretty
good
you're holding up great love flying with
my buddy we are we're off to the rental
cars we got to get a car and then it's
quite a bit of a drive it's gonna be
dark by the time we get there
my brother Dale flew out way before us
he's had a whole day here we're gonna
meet up with him and hopefully get
dinner with him hopefully hopefully
don't I can't believe it I feel so bad
you so much best friend on camera you're
the worst person buy me a new backpack
what it broke my heart I tell you felt
my third the airport broke and you're
blaming me I don't blame you for the
breaking I blame me for the breaking of
my heart well okay I filled your heart
with cholesterol I was gonna and a guy's
Dickey's Barbecue when they break your
luggage they can't break your spirit Oh
chase was just here what is he doing
check nude no probably have come so hot
they probably have cups there's no cops
no you do not need to be influenced by
these boys all right hey John can you
run downstairs and get me a pencil
that was the Lord all right you know
what you got to ride the boat back okay
okay that was it that was the Jim yeah
maybe you should take the elevator we
are in blank you saying Arkansas I keep
saying Oklahoma I'm pretty sure on the
border of either one down I think we're
all hungry we're meeting up with Dale
downtown and turn now good news it says
only in Allen 22 minutes
hey country is dry that's right be an
hour 45 for anyone else oh come to Miami
that's Canadian border right there we
made it I know even though I'm an outlaw
here
we're not Canadia John John I got a
better run today do have a pool
only the best arriving at our hotel
feels good to be here what a day man has
been a travel day John how are you gonna
contain yourself right now like you saw
the visa card you didn't think that
maybe it was for you I never think good
things and he's just taken some he can
have some yeah turning up it is freezing
in here bunking up with my buddy tonight
I love troops with my boy Noah uh
there's some Lightning oh I think you
did did I we just got into our hotel
room guys we are pretty tired
it's 1209 at home so it's it's a new day
but still here it's only eleven twelve
but on this type of day lot of traveling
a lot of logging I'm proud of you always
so good we love you guys so so much
thank you for joining us today and being
a part
our journeys and we will get good we'll
get a fresh start tomorrow the streak
continues we're having fun we love you
absolutely beautiful do not forget how
important you are you are the reason for
somebody's smile stay positive keep your
head up keep moving for you forward we
will see you tomorrow you're beautiful
you're one of a kind smile get it
working oh yeah
you
