all right let's get this party started
welcome to Thanksgiving hey guys hey
what's up I'm yeah every once in a while
they'll pull the camera daily sup bud
Cora you got your Cora Happy
Thanksgiving to you too
do you like mom's sweater this yeah
that's a nice shirt you like do you like
know you like Britt's sweater I love
that sweater I just said nice sweater
who shot the couch Oh implying that it
was made out or curtain shot the
curtains I'm like no no no anyone that
lived through the 70s it's already seen
that sweater before oh my gosh roasted
potatoes oh she looks at the bat I just
spent about five good minutes just being
crucified a sweater line you don't like
this okay I guess let's just step back
uh-huh take a look at the situation
maybe you get a shot it's Thanksgiving
all right I tried to wear something
needs to be grateful about okay your
jeans are shredded like look that's your
leg yeah did you take your side and then
look at your sweater so you pay
brand-new good money no heart for this
and you look like you look like a
Halloween victim like they actually
murder they actually they actually look
at us together yeah you you blam
homeless bomb and she looks nice and
they it's proven that your frequency
level is lower if you're wearing black
look at me come on I'm sure you look
like you've lost your tool belt so your
head see you and I want to give me five
box oh my
that's what you have to wear holes
Genoese blood on and you got the best
Thanksgiving yeah Halloween that's not
Thanksgiving should I change
no but if thankfully just having a nice
shirt with holes in it it's supposed to
be like it sure there you go there you
go it's Holy spirt got it for me so I
really like it
that's a plan that's not a writ that's a
machine that made that like how I
planned
abstinence when you try to make
something personally look falling apart
or fall it's the style guys get over it
19:40 what my dad would say good lord go
get some clothes on are you really
suffering that bad you gotta wear
clothes while you look at the quality
difference look at them look at the
detail in black here it's like blue grey
and then look at your shoes right like
it's like they use like just like the
cheapest dye they could find on there
this is the the roast the Roman outlet
today I knew we were having Turkey I
didn't know you're having a roast hey if
your foods anything like your clothes
where you have a look at that sweater
leonesse sweater
they're amazing
I brought you some of the rarest apples
in the world my shirt yeah these are
ever I shouldn't do an ad form but these
are rare okay little pumpkin pie
Brittany I was hoping you made
she made the money to buy them what we
got going on here
so no I'm just go Bailey just don't be a
we Roman are these on Black Friday sale
tomorrow God now that you met Britt we
do need to run a code today today's day
we will have a Black Friday hood should
be pretty big Black Friday's like huge
the cheesy day location maybe I've had
enough out of you today well you guys
get one if there's any left I'm just
saying if there's any luck today just
being with the family just just that
warm comfortable family and delicious
foods look at this guy's you've got the
ladies working on the real stuff your
mouth water Momo look she's got her cast
off her brace off good I bet they hope
it's not too dry I brought over a whole
bushel of romaine lettuce they were just
giving it away at the store right so
we're gonna have like salads galore what
wait I don't even get it good job on
that Turkey
mom did you make these pies come on
anymore you know I mean corn and green
bean casserole you didn't make that all
right so we got peach and apple over
here is a good she got the hook out
really you just walked in it's a nice
what you really mean that yeah they have
all they have all been John ever wear
stuff like that so for you that's a nice
sweater Dale upgrade from what you
normally wear it's sale time everybody's
digging every year they get the big
giant fat newspapers and all the deals
every store and everybody just dig hole
rock fan machine for 250 bucks
god I hope you whoa daggone blur dadgum
blur we're just gonna roll it blurry
hope you guys are having an awesome day
and I hope you love my sweater
that's a good-looking sweater right
there part of our duty as a company
owner to run our Black Friday Cyber
Monday through the weekend sale starting
this moment as you're watching this and
I azzam now what is it wait what are we
doing what did we do last year yeah
let's look it up yeah you guys have been
obviously asking so much what is the
Black Friday sale gonna be what is it
blood you want Christmas gifts a lot of
you guys want to get it before Christmas
a lot of reasons everybody wants a sale
so but it's gonna look up what we did
last year and see what we can do also
while we wait Christmas bulbs are back
in stock smile more Christmas bulbs
they're awesome they're beautiful yeah
what was it
so we did 20% off your whole order last
year 20% off 20% off right like one per
customer so if you put in more than one
order you can use that code normally so
you can use it for the next four days
yeah okay all right guys 20% off
everything smile more everything in the
store your whole order make sure please
make sure you put in the code Black
Friday 2018 that will take 20% off your
whole order and we are working so hard
to make sure your orders get there on
time get there by Christmas for them
gifts for you know for yourself whatever
it is the girl the team here is
unbelievable
obviously it's Thanksgiving so we're
closed it was really just cooling here
but um we just can't thank you guys
enough with just the social media is
flooded with smile more and our
celebration of winning our court case
for smile more and what a week it is
awesome
we've seen your Christmas bulbs on your
trees and it's just small Moore's
unbelief what is not awesome about this
look at this look look at this I know we
need new ones we need new our guys we
need new that's just awesome in your in
your description I should huh I'll do
that right now if anybody wants to send
new art we've got all these walls we
started this one but I'd love to just
cover this place and you guys I'll put
the new p.o box in the dish we change
peel boxes so if you wanna stand art
want to make something cool for our
store you can send it to us and we'll
hang it up and please don't send like
really heavy and they also sometimes get
broke in the mail yeah Ryan so yeah guys
thank you so much for your support on
our company we love it to death it's so
fun to try to build and grow and with
the new news we got this week we're
actually able to really grow is such a
hold back or such like a mental stress
and it's really scary like you don't
know what's gonna
happen it just feels good thank you for
your support like so much hey small
Moors running a sale guys you don't need
any of this you guys yeah you can just
go up to swab or yeah there you go
you can finally get that sweater you've
been wanting bow man really you finally
get that hat you've been my baby she's
brokenhearted okay guys so feel a little
weird about this last time we almost
destroyed our entire family over this
right here you took it for legs come on
give me a break question yeah yeah oh
yeah we passed some time to a lot of
people come and they've gone and we're
busting out a board game for tonight in
this this I'm just gonna do my best to
cover a little bits and pieces of this
because last time last time I've been so
embarrassed to film myself because I was
up bait literally cried so I'm gonna man
up I'm gonna win this game and right now
before you continue this video comment
who's gonna win all right no don't wait
a minute just coming right now you has
the throne I do mom won fair and square
see just crush Dale went out game on so
let's hope by the end of this game we
are all still happy smile guess I'll be
the race car on the hard Oh Jeff I
really want a live stream a family game
like this but the two three our live
stream of just us playing them yeah
right it's so intense right when you
thought watching digital games wasn't
riding board games this yeah for tonight
okay the last time we played this I
rolled last and I complain the whole
time because they bought all the
properties before I could even get there
okay you weren't gonna be a baby this
time so now you can prove it mom Oh Cora
I need some of your wipes the bad roll
roll good roll for us good roll for us
game just started having you chance good
hey Dale didn't get to buy anything yeah
yeah the nearest railroad cares take the
railroads looking for the big piece so
far here's where we're getting some
problem dad $14 keep it coming
daddy needs a new sweatshirt much guys I
can't vlog in play it same time 50/50
from every play or do you don't just put
me in a bang keep it comin the first set
has been purchased it's all he had one
card no I'm I'm sitting like a king
right now was a game last time
here's the thing none of us own sets of
anything mom just landed the first one
and put in houses on sale you better
start trading I'm glad to know I'm paid
for Boardwalk and then I paid for the
house again take a sweater oh oh baby
Maury demon leap 604 200 cash already I
mean nobody's dumb okay I'm on time to
make a deal
ja okay we're warping ahead things are
getting literally working up a sweat so
properties are developing I hold green
which is tough property to get people to
land on mom is sitting here on three
dad's sitting on yellow with a deal I
accidentally gave him I said well who
you wouldn't have yours without mine
yeah true and dales just trying Annie I
got three hot grilled cheeses for the
red I don't need the blue under the
ready he needs the red because I need
the red and he needs the orange yeah you
don't need the railroad you need
something you can develop just go to
room one for the dad wake me up red wake
me up when it's time to make the deal
what done no not on red cuz I'm gonna
own red he wants orange that weird one
oh no you just gave him nothing nothing
but look hell I can either hold these
and he can never develop which you're
gonna destroy the jazz hold tight I know
blow him out of the blue
before we I'm about to give you a set of
red cuz he's got no chance ya got no
money then he's gonna give the last of
my development line and he's gonna okay
she does my red for his two horns which
will give me my second set and he'll
have his first set and I'm taking his
last 100 let's go and you know what I
throw you in that extra $20 we'll give
you the purple but I want your railroad
I can't do the railroad with without the
railroad I have no you do you want to
develop or not you have how you either
you either take this or you go out of
the game I'm gonna have to just go out
of the game you're gonna go out over
this this this is the play and I have to
have it I can't I don't need the purple
without the railroad I'm sorry taking it
I'm good I got house walk you know
walking this deal think about it all
right Dale finally came to his senses
it's a mercy play I mean you just took
my deal here we go we got a new set boys
let's go I got the money to develop a
long hit me for 390 here she's got when
I'm coming around to you you might have
to take one of them houses off and sell
it but I'm gonna do it I'm gonna do it
the birthplace oh but what if I hit hard
place really is that true they'll shine
so
I'm sitting right here on amiibo I can
hit dad I could hit mom it's all up for
grabs right now my own property
lucky you dog ladies and gentlemen take
on the board you guys remember that deal
Dale made me for the orange-y developed
herds help he just fitted oh he's done
he's done I think even mortgaged out it
will pay this is where you collect all
oh no I thank you here's 178 okay so
we're looking good they only needs 950
it went totally opposite last time he's
doing good yeah if you sold everything
591 and some carry mortgage pots go one
down now take four to go just we gotta
go let's go what's it say I got a double
okay and you got out at the chance I
missed it oh okay you're the chance
go back three spaces I've never even
heard lots we should print like the
chance dance the Romans property that'd
be hilarious do you say believe it what
is that oh that's a cheap one that is
one thousand dollars I could do it sure
you tell us on that read what's wrong
I'm gonna do five six seven eight nine
dad just hit my ones right great is now
on my own sue me in that factory spaces
then me and now Britt my beautiful wife
hang on hang on
how are you gonna make a deal with Jess
when you've just landed on my property
oh wow you rather give it to ya you have
to yeah you don't have to mortgage it no
just what's the same thing Oh Romy you
should build hotel this is Jess Jessica
what five six seven eight
oh my yeah my orange you play this game
by on yeah or so important orange yeah
fifth hit mom on orange and that's gonna
hurt yeah that one might hurt I think I
won't just put everyone out we got one
more survivor is out
hey at worst I'm in third place right
now true you are hanging it baby boom
look I can build even mortgage just some
money wait how much is it nine 1000 even
nine days out no that's a snake guys one
two third place for houses for just four
houses 925 he's got that do so in all of
that with just one property I didn't
come in a second you came in second
she's not over you
an orange final hit puts mama out hey
guys thank you all right very shot hard
president look at that
no I don't want to give an upper all
right I want to say you came into this
game with a different attitude and I'll
say this you all are better losers than
me whole time yeah I never heard someone
so miss but I never feel like a good
winner we're not worthy
good game GG's with the board and then
they'll never think you won yeah yeah
stack it all back letting it sit baby
count that money for me
Oh God well there's a small glimpse into
our day our Thanksgiving thank you guys
so much for being a part of it it's kind
of know I didn't remember what I filmed
today to be honest but thanks for being
up here a part of our family a part of
our company a part of everything that we
do thank you for watching I don't know
what is going on with you two the videos
are like they're either getting seen by
you or they're not but we're just gonna
keep doing our thing and we'll see what
happened thank you guys again Lake for
smile mores in the description top of
the description
and we will see you tomorrow I'm hoping
through all our Christmas stuff tomorrow
so be another just family hangout day I
love you you're beautiful
one-of-a-kind
you
