oh my god they're here they're here oh
honey
brick talks nitro I need you I need you
hey I know I know but I need you Oh
breath if uh how's school going all
right all right how's my answer every
day how was school good
what there's a truck here to take the
gt-r it's going bye-bye I'm serious come
on sucks nitro Jodi's leaving class we
got a class jumper he's out of here it's
out here that's out here they're taking
it dude I don't know why I asked you
flash I know you're not an attack dog
but I need you get him get it I didn't
break it I didn't break it it's actually
nothing exciting welcome to the vlog
guys keen I got you boy he was worried
is that why they taking it can't take
Godzilla is that seriously a frog oh my
god no up the other night in the tire
retirement plan so it's gotta be it's
gotta be taken trucks gotta take the GTR
sorry baby when she needs a bath look at
this you know if you're gonna you got
responsibilities if you're gonna be if
you're gonna take oh what do you think I
was off-roading in it there once you
back it out back it out you know baby
there you go won't just pull it out yeah
baby bye bye bye bye you're on a ring
you're gonna need some speed to make it
up on top of that thing you're gonna
have to floor it floor it baby
I want to show you what happens when you
give your wife the gt-r okay I want to
show you this tire may be knit by the
wet dude I think that's like a defective
tire look at this this is like I don't
know if you can tell on camera but this
is like that's like this it's like I
don't know it's like something's tearing
I don't know if you can tell but this is
indented like really deep for that tire
shop there's corn cobs underneath here
you mean you've been corn moving holding
car running cool dude and running car
no Florida oh my God he's gonna give me
a heart attack
by the way you scraped it you scraped it
say goodbye everybody wave goodbye oh my
goodness
hey wait are you on see I see let me see
them roots we're gonna do
before-and-after after this yeah right
do it see what happens do there's a
spider
listen cut it short we're gonna have to
talk about that all right I love you be
careful no speeding kit be easy on them
tires baby your mother is so funny Caine
she's just so funny
are you rotten baby what you doing you
wanna take a ride I could hook an RC
truck to the front of that and hey look
at the camera you won't see hi you know
it's crazy on a real note that GT are
those tires are they had less than 5,000
miles on those are like brand-new tires
dude now chew down I'll chew it up
become nice yours look you know you got
some you got some Warren you got some
Warren marks yeah beep-beep-beep where's
your horn beep beep beep where's your
nose it came let's get Caine oh he's
trying to escape he's trying to escape
corn ways you put a motor on it
hmm there you go whee you want you to do
that so funny-looking yeah okay flash
all right we get it
I need your real opinion on something I
think that I'm a little crazy here okay
tell me this is bad
Cora has these white eggs right here
right they're like toys you you crack
them open they got numbers and colors
inside right here you don't break one
open break it open oh yeah yellow is it
bad if I want to put a real egg in here
right sometimes she she she hits them on
the table right like they break open but
imagine like look how I mean these eggs
look pretty real imagine the face dude
you just crack crack cut cut cut cut
 and they blew it well your daddy
means well always okay watch imagine how
gold this would be you got a hit on the
table you gotta hit it on the table
break it open break it you got to break
it oh come on muscles harder you gotta
break it open boom put yeah you gotta
hit it pesky egg sometimes you just got
thrown down I can't I I do not have not
right now I don't have the heart I gotta
be in that mood she's just so anything
cute I just can't do it right now
together he's so adorable in a little
eggy world I have another question for
you guys another serious question is
anybody still I know some of you are but
if any are you do you get so crazy when
I vlog what is it what is it the
demolition derby guys this is this is
old this is old news this is like
probably forgotten about for the most
part I announced a giant idea of the
biggest demolition derby of all time
with like the biggest social stars ever
all piling into cars and smashing into
each other it was I love the idea I
loved and loved the idea but it kind of
got forgotten about I I've worked on so
many things behind the scenes with it
and never just pulled the trigger on I
just never made it happen is that
something that you I actually have an
entire video completely filmed and
uploaded to this channel that I've never
went public with because I just I don't
know I didn't know if the hype still
exists if that is something you'd still
to see happen it's a huge project please
hit the like button tell me in the
comments let's like I don't know I kind
of want to relaunch this idea so bad we
got to get moving and grooving man I
have to leave you just forget I like
you've got video game brain that's what
sounds like my played games all the time
I don't remember nothing of all places
to sleep for hours all she wants our Big
Brother say we'll be right back sounds
like you got gamer arm dude playing too
many games not enough exercise ok so no
way and I have to run into town which
takes us Brits about to pull in we're
gonna do that freaked me out I was like
where's the GTR it's always there yeah
basically Brits gonna be pulling in as
we're used to do know you probably
remember I would like embarrass you
slash entertain you you weren't averse I
would be like hiding down in your seat
cause you rely on I don't think I was in
Paris when I didn't hide
hey maybe it's just that the excitement
like I don't know I used to do this
thing mainly in like a parking lot where
you're like pulling into some somewhere
where you're going slow basically I
would like make a huge eruption and get
the driver in the car like pulling
towards us their reaction like I would
embarrass myself to make him laugh do
you remember that like when you were a
kid I don't know how old you were
yeah like you're not parking lot and you
got like a car like engine towards you
you just and then just to see what the
driver would do in the other car no I
would just crack I know that's funny I
was being an idiot so you would smile
look at that beautiful beautiful sunset
baby Wow
see in like an hour one hour what's up
pops what's up Jason I we were like
daddy duty right now our kids have the
same class we have one hour what do two
dads do with one hour just an hour
tracking that cold coffee open he's
ready to go see how look at them I do
look smarter don't break them they're
super glue dude super glued can you see
I had to walk around like this I get
dizzy and fall over I say I swear on
everything if I look around it's like
warped on the edges eyes get bigger
no no pile I got one friend in the world
eats White Castle with me it's chasers
our dad out right now we're eating one
dish okay you got explain this what is
that
so that's what White House no burger no
it's
I saw some rude well it's called the
impossible and it's made out of carrots
peas and spinach its plant-based it's a
plant-based burger this is for all the
vegans out there I don't want to go to
White Castle
okay what's your one out of ten how is
it a negative oh no it's like I said
here's where I told Roman never seemed
like a milk jug milking it fully rotten
like it's out in the Sun there's this
top layer of like curds pretty much
you're like that's what it is it's like
mush Ian I'm not vegan burgers they're
great really you can't even tell this
like that you know it reminds me it was
like a Friskies the cat the wet cat I'm
a big fan of White Castle but that guy
didn't even for a vegan maybe it's it's
rough you know I mean like even if you
like vegan food that one might be that
dude that was a shot in the dark someone
at the table was like yo let's appeal to
the vegan and make something plant me
that was their solution I would have
just came out right so I would have
probably released it was like a
Halloween made out of spiders and like
that's how I would advertise it yeah
it's a mystery
I just feel like years ago we had an
hour to ourselves in town without the
kids our family would have done this
now sit here with glasses my cherry Eve
no it's real nobody eat like I can't get
Britain to come here need with me so
whenever chase and I are in town we stop
and we eat here usually to go you go
I'm about out of time I'm hurt and I
think I realize why nobody else eats
that with me how'd you love me said yeah
we could did Roman and Gill go to White
Castle horror movie we could have had
our own movie kids all right my boy we
passed this billboard on the side of the
road and it's a girl a woman and she's
the road it was it's just something
about braces right like an orthodontic
snowboarding Noah is obsessed with the
idea of getting braces like I'm not
kidding to the point where it's like he
sees I mean don't you go is it a it's a
fad I think you actually do so I told
him I said when he finally gets cuz I've
been telling him buddy like I know you
want braces when you have them you're
not gonna wanna write it's like one of
them versus so I told him I'm gonna buy
the Billboard when he gets up and I'm
just gonna write told you stuff pill for
kid that would be the Africa move right
there a lot of people say they're like
braces of course they're good I'm just
saying like they're gonna hurt I know
how you are with pain but butterfly Ron
Cindy I promise you your daddy's gonna
get your braces but you go wait there's
a time and a place
brace
I know y'all paned up the creepiest
windy literally the whole car ride oh
that's creepy dude up yeah Louise like
Ronald McDonald the whole car ride in
the traveling I was like a fresh pile of
chlorine here
holy moly a fish tank it doesn't smell
like dead fish I know you can't smell to
the floors but some stamps might be here
fishy that's weird what are you doing
over there
is she ratting somebody out what she got
caught you find you a cane bug hey buddy
yeah I mean I didn't vlog today you guys
know for Kane's birthday he wanted the
rainbow cake and Britt made her own
video filming the cake and I happen to
think it came out absolutely adorable
it's great and the cake you guys solved
the end of the cake actually so quite a
bit of the cake it up coming out good
and she shot her own bit like legit I
hit record a few times but she did it
all by herself I'm so proud of her she
shot it for her Facebook Facebook's
doing everything now although you can't
run ads on our facebook page they're
starting to do that so she wanted to try
out potentially making her own videos
for Facebook for the record for the
record I was super entertained by the
cake video like I thought it was great
so I'm gonna show you guys some of her
cake video right now since maybe some of
you don't even have facebook I just
think it's really cool video so if
you're it's very first guys this is what
we're doing today we are making a six
layer
rainbow cake Kane is in love with
rainbows in love locks and roadblocks
for his seventh birthday we are making a
six layer rainbow cake oh my gosh
I'm having a heart attack because purple
supposed to go on the bottom Britney do
you know what no what a rainbow looks
like okay we're gonna try a Nicholas
just bad this is very bad don't get your
colors right to begin with I don't know
if I can fix it oh my gosh then blue I
think we're gonna call this video how to
not make you cake instead of how to make
a rainbow cake I just really messed it
up so so that yeah let me see let me see
let me see
no more no more no more roots no more
extensions just real deal all real I
think it looks great I'm happy
whoa off a carpet off a carpet off her
carpet he's like now yeah I've been
groomed and cleaned I'm good it's just
his camera you know go outside daddy oh
I love this girl so much
she takes the corner of the blanket and
she rubs on her face every day when
she's tired are you sleepy you say yeah
are you sleepy she's getting so big guys
she's changing so much boo boo boo
so yeah um not sure how I did today I
was a little rough into a couple things
that weren't really vlogs able
unfortunately just business stuff but
hey I said I was gonna upload any just
upload that was my mom when I came back
day one I said just upload so that's not
too bad good day
oh yeah we're doing ugly small more ugly
sweaters so that's cool hoodie it's
where they're like comfy and they're
just gonna be ugly
that's all nobody cool they'll be cool
yeah so thank you guys for hanging out
with us thank you for the overwhelming
support on yesterday's video that was
kind of tough to talk about and kind of
weird you know share personal business
with you guys like that but it felt
great felt amazing and felt good after I
uploaded and seen nothing but a support
I love so thank you guys we will see it
tomorrow baby for day 9 Wow hey no I we
get there we get in there my goal is to
just upload that's my goal I think oh I
love you guys we'll see you soon see
tomorrow I gotta say man I love you
beautiful you're one of a kind smile
you
