good morning guys what is ah you eat no
your hay last night get all that what is
up guys it is way to getting some bulbs
on get up there yeah you got to commit
8:28 bottle-cap
I haven't been up this early since I was
going to the airport or something in the
morning welcome to the vlog guys today
I'm gonna be doing a whole bunch of
things that don't make sense I'm not
even awake yet that's just my throat I'm
losing it which would be bad timing
hidden right now Gilly country we're
headed to a lake which I've never been
to in my life
and I will join us today it's going to
be quite the ride well looks like
everybody's here before us Wow ok guys
so there's a ton of stuff that's gonna
happen today that you're gonna want
answers about and there's so many things
that I want to just straight-up tell you
but there's gonna be a lot of Secrets
today forgive me we are at this
beautiful Rushville Lake Rush Creek Lake
I hope I said that right are you part of
the news crew or the the crew crew ok we
got our we got our newsman over here
I'll just it's fake it's a fake news man
leave this channel 3 I don't think we
have channel 3 here how do I get Channel
3 News chase cameras adorable bro
cameras adorable I'm looking over here
at alex the Lion
yo dude can we get some headline can we
get something bigger bigger camera for
this guy dude it's not about the size of
the camera it's all about how you use it
that's true I guess that's true that's
some that's some real talk my camera is
tiny by the way so before we get into
even the crazier stuff today I have to
get in this wetsuit right here and I
have to go swimming these Donuts
are you okay well you're testing those
for me yes okay okay I see what you're
doing it when I could test this out no
I'm looking at this wetsuit like maybe
you should be doubling for me today
because that thing's huge
I'm a little guy need a couple more dogs
dog there is only one size wetsuit right
here so whatever however fits that's
what I gotta wear it's really chilly I
guess for this time here it's chilly
outside in the water really cold so I
may have to go without it
good news guys good news it fits dude
look at this aqua long a little lizard
fish good job
fits you zip me up whoa this is a seven
76.5 bill seven mil wetsuit so it's it's
made for some pretty hearty conditions
what we got going on girl we got hidden
Mike's
on this boat somewhere is it I keep oh I
see it right there holy crap holy crabs
hidden cameras you got cameras going
under the boat there's snakes hidden
under there dude don't even say that I
got it okay here's a small version of
this I got to go under the boat hidden
they're gonna drag me under the boat all
the way over to that grassy area dude no
I can think of snakes there's snakes in
this lake snakes okay got my friend John
here who's putting me in a safety
harness basically rig me up to be safely
connected to the bottom of the boat so
that I don't go through and chopped up
through the six thousand horsepower so
this is the this is the actual
connection to me in the boat and all I
have to do is pull that pin which isn't
easy to pull when there's when there's
tension so that's it it was good man all
right guys I'm going in oh boy oh but
you know I'm thinking we should've done
is like 3 p.m. you know when the sun's
out the suit is so buoyant okay I would
say oh you take a second you said it was
water well this thing is awesome
okay so we're rigging up under this boat
are you in here
I'm right here nice buddy okay so
basically guys I'm gonna be rigged up
hooked to that system right there and
this boats gonna drive after certain
people get on the boat
and we're gonna drive to location out in
this lake basically they're gonna have
no idea under this boat so it's a big
reveal it's a big surprise
can't wait to see it what was that
get out of here Gill we need private
time oh it's still trickling to my back
is uh pretty awesome I can't wait to see
that I can explain more about it but for
now it's a little bit of a mystery I
apologize moving moving on to the next
thing
hope you're having an awesome day I'm a
little more awake now I feel about them
I can actually talk my throat's my
throat's better and they're just moving
on I was in that water for a little
while this thing is amazing I was warm
it's going like this to get cool air in
it it's that warm so I'm gonna go get
dried up and uh yeah go from there okay
so we're out here at the lake we might
as well get some hydroplaning going keep
going turn turn yeah keep going keep all
my gosh dude that's it we're gonna get
all the water up
I guess I didn't get like everybody just
did a whole loop and back up to the dot
nobody ever believed me but you will see
it here we got my try again
boy look at that truck how cool is that
who would have thought you could drive
an RC truck on the water I'm hopping a
little bit too much come on baby I'm
going to wide I'm up to a whole another
circle we should come going makes me
happy every time I do that is like the
greatest feeling why cuz it's not
supposed to happen you're supposed to be
up drive on water it's a boy
okay guys warping it back home what a
morning it's been I feel kind of crazy
I'd like to submerge underneath that
Lake and I haven't been in lake water
for a while reminds me of like my
childhood growing up on broccoli but it
had that smell it's like a certain smell
like ass but here's the scoop
here's what's going on today I basically
we've brought in a family a beautiful
family like their stories unbelievable
and we brought them into our life and
into our home all day today and we have
so many surprises for them unfortunately
unfortunately we are filming it
separately so you're gonna see more of
my day and behind the scenes rather than
their experience but it's just gonna be
amazing birth slavery so long story
short today's about a huge surprise for
a family that has been through so much
and I can't wait to share that story
with you and we're just bringing them
into our lives and into our home and
everything you've seen building is is
all for them and I'm just so thrilled I
wish I could share that moment with you
but it but it's all coming soon so maybe
this thing will be a mess my hair grab
it all up and you get it real tight
right no on this
how do you get it all okay and then you
take this and then you double it don't
not it but it sure is a gloomy day we
are waiting for that the families on
their way and I think there have their
own RV it's crazy how we've set all this
up and it's not my body I love you
little man how's my boy I think you were
that sure yesterday
that's all right I've been swimming
today and I haven't changed basically is
the family wait here we have tons of our
own family coming today for all of this
it's like a huge giant experience for
this family and I'm just so happy
how do I just love it so much okay so
you're saying the family is in an RV
down the road getting away they don't
see anything right so this is all a huge
surprise everything we're doing kind of
a giant crane in the middle your
property you like the biggest crane I'm
gonna look at this I'm not kidding this
thing is massive so you're gonna go dump
me into the RV with them if we're gonna
show up on the property they're not
gonna see anything I totally blacked out
the back bedroom totally blacked out so
they don't know what's happened they
just come into my house that's all they
know come in your house like everyone
else does it is gonna be a mat okay
we're riding to the camper and I'll
probably just walk back to the property
because we'll be shooting that
separately and I just don't want to give
that up today so I'll see you in a
minute
yeah I got two bucks what is it
No you want to trade me for candy
betrayed me for know what Denix
guys making deals burger what are you
guys doing
is that Jolly Ranchers you sell
them you selling your wage it's just
sitting out hi guys I'm going in I'll
see you in just one second what is going
on out here
this looks fun kind of dangerous no so I
think it's finally time you guys have
been waiting I don't know maybe two
weeks to figure out what the heck we're
building in the side yard that's been
the whole thing what do you bet it's all
been built up for this family to come to
my house and have a great day that's the
whole idea of it we've got family here
we've got a lot of equipment we've got
fun stuff so let's go check this out yo
yo yo yo guys you ready they're gonna
play cool yeah
should be pretty fun you know when you
have an ambulance on set two on the
front two to announces their part
well there's one there's two though okay
well you know you know you have the
local paramedics here that it's about to
be a good day how'd you get this service
so I know you guys a lot of you guys
guessed it's a monster-truck arena and
you were close it is the new RC track
for the our C's guys we had to step it
up we needed something bigger with a
crane and an arm in a orange smile more
container I mean every RC truck needs
two containers side by side like that
everybody ready to race some our C's huh
we were working a long time for this
trying to keep you guys on the
behind-the-scenes look at this rig look
at these nigga the gear involved just
land sitting out plan this camera so
Beast unbelievable camera
guys I'd like to introduce you to the
wonderful family that is out on my
property right now look at what you
think the RC track oh man this place is
cooler see track right yeah was it what
about that big RC oh the big one should
I show my viewers they've been at I
think I think like 90% of my viewers
already realized what the side yard was
so I'm just going to show you right now
here we go
boom how cool is that these things are
the greatest friggin toys on the planet
the noise of it
got a lot of spectators here today so
little man your plugs it that's awesome
the biggest paintballs vs. monster
trucks ever the dudes your very own
monster truck show how cool is that I
know you love motors I know you love
motors and engines it's amazing and now
what you do monster truck SuperSpeed
balls
look at this thing you giant here we go
paintball paint ball time boys
alright guys so I can't I can but it
will just ruin it it's so bad if I show
you everything today so a lot of it is
saved for the big expensive cameras not
the camera mone is gonna be worth it but
what I'm about to show you is the xmax
attempting his first ever backflip right
here on my property right now I am so
freaking excited I cannot explain he's
gonna be doing it off our small more
wall which is it's so hard to tell on
camera how big it is but its massive
that's a container it's full of dirt
it's super heavy I know nothing about
doing backflips but I can tell you that
truck is ten thousand pounds five tons
he I don't even know how to do the math
but it's bad it's bad it's gonna be
risky
so first ever first ever backflip right
yeah you nervous you're getting good
it's gonna look amazing we're all
rooting for you it's gonna be the first
backyard backflip backyard backflip baby
what what he was so stinking close dude
he was so close
see good everything's good yo you my
friend or an animal dude you were right
there brother right there you will
totally have it next time in my backyard
unbelievable guys that was freaking rock
star stuff dude good job so this is how
they get a truck back on its feet or
dragged across its feet checking it out
Oh God that slow-mo need a little shot
oh man it looks so pretty dude you were
so there probably why is it Larry
probably harder for the viewers to take
in what we did today I mean it was an
epic crazy day they only seen bits and
pieces of it so thank you guys so much
coming to my house being a part of this
and I love you guys you are part of the
family forever man and when I'm in your
area I'll crash in your house okay guys
managing so many different cameras today
that I have to uh you know might have to
find a balance because we're gonna be
doing a ton of shooting and I have to
obviously you guys are first priority I
am Telling You I have to hold things
back for certain cameras which is just
better for the future but you just have
to first tell the story multiple times
pretty much all right yeah it is kind of
tricky you guys are first Hey
they're leaving the whole truck so you
can drive trucks there all the time yeah
yeah Wow
look at me dude I think I have a tan
line going across my forehead you guys
look so comfortable it could be a dirt
line and I've been in that Lake so I'm
gonna go shower that's the next thing
I'm going and I feel like I'm losing my
voice which is really bad I play music
and my voice game love you guys I'm
gonna go get cleaned up call a day out
so much today I feel like you were left
out of several things but it's all
coming together so see you guys tomorrow
thanks for hanging out thanks for being
a part of
all of this thanks for understanding all
the things that we do and yesterday you
blew up that vlog like you guys really
enjoy that blog is one of my favorite
vlogs at least in a long time I just
loved it so thanks for checking that out
we will see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile more
you
