do you guys like family
do you like destruction boy do I got a
vlog for you today is welcome welcome we
are at were at the gas station and we
got to get some diesel fuel and some
gasoline and then and then and then so
how do I explain if I had to explain
today why am I so dark give me some
light there we go if I had to explain
today my buddy Dennis is coming into
town with his little boys little boy
apparently loves construction so I've
got a little surprise for them when they
get to my house before we do anything we
need these a fuel come on baby
there we go yeah we can go beat you a
beach it was a race I don't know if you
knew but it was a race my tanks big gain
you excited for today let's get this
show on the road
so we're gonna cruise down and if you
guys watch the vlog where I picked up my
school bus my buddy had another car
sitting beside the bus for me hooked me
up with the car just for this occasion
so it's gonna be a lot of fun super
excited gonna keep going down just one
more row do it it's a little jelly bean
that should be his name mr. jelly bean
that cars got his own emoji tell me that
this car don't have its own emoji look
at that I mean that's the car that's the
four-door version of the emoji right
there it might be a good idea to follow
me I have no idea the condition this car
looks pretty nice but all right I'm
gonna hop in there make sure I start up
don't leave me all right don't leave me
look at this you guys look at this thing
it's the emoji beam get the hook-up on
this cars no handle on there there's
lots of dog here hey man I'll take it
because this is a special day I've no
idea how long this thing's been sitting
it came from an auction and here we go
here's the test got a battery she's on
I think we're good
she's running first thing I want to
point out is I'm not using the gas at
all the throttle is at 25 miles per hour
not kidding it idles at 25 miles per
hour this thing he's got some power
there lots of horses out of the hood
it's Auto speed limit
I gotta have to push anything it's just
doing 31 miles per hour with no pedals
and bar look what I got come here
blazing a burnt rubber maybe some belts
or something or ha so Dennis doesn't
always come into town he doesn't get to
come to my house very often so when he
does he actually his little boys never
been here when I asked him I said what
sure what's your little boy went like
what can we do for your little boy he
said he loves construction and I heard
destruction and it's construction I
can't build anything so the best I can
do is destruction so I got him a car
I got his little boy a beautiful red car
what I got dude check it out come here
come on come on check it out it's all
yours man take him for a spin do you
like it or what I think he likes it he
wants oh he smells the other dogs just
definitely dog her in there in a bit
that's he's loving it he is hilarious he
is he is one of the funniest dog like
him he just jumped in and just chilling
he's like I'm good almost sit right here
in the driver's seat you driving flash
hey where are you going
can you pick me up some some soda some
pop oh my gosh what is Empire doing do
you see this oh if he gets in that car
so Dennis and his boy are here and he
just I'm sure you guys are aware
tomorrow's my birthday he brought me the
coolest thing and I think it's gotta
live in the GTR he already said it's for
the GTR he got me a loudspeaker like
they have they have in police cars like
Steph
the vehicle
it makes the siren noise Oh Miller with
those sounds this is so good for the GTR
has the loudspeaker in the right here
alright we're getting ready out here
chasing Veronica here with the kids
Empire's red oh he's a little shady
right now kids are flying around on
quads and since tomorrow is my birthday
we're thinking like let's just set it up
today you know set up a little easy up
maybe a tent just have it ready for
tomorrow providing we good weather is a
little weird today did you find the mud
today did you find the mud impire you
are so muddy oh my gosh he don't like he
don't want me to take the mud off see
him it it it it it it to do
ways or ways that matter a little shade
for the babe
yeah all right so we got a lot of just
oh my gasps I hit the C I'm distracted
about to say there's a lot of
distractions going on but I'm distracted
and I feel this thing we get diesel fuel
done I'm over here talking about
distractions and all this pizza shows up
now I'm really distracted a little bita
just the new method it's the new method
here oh my gosh
human train enough distractions dude
it's time to work we get some work done
today mounting some cameras up we're
getting ready huh
you know you got some on your side let
me grab it where's that little leaf look
right there got the car you seen the car
it's good-looking right it's a jelly
bean oh it looks actually a lot better
in the picture though well I I
photoshopped me I actually sit on a
picture of a Lamborghini
take this car on this bulldozer we're
just gonna smash it well technically
that's an option but the car drives and
did you see that big mud hole guy yeah I
think you should try to get through it
it'll go through the waters like this
yeah what do you mean was it gonna sink
no it's like it's no we go we got plenty
of motherly figures around here I'm not
gonna drown I got snow I'll give you a
snorkel mask it's the quick said you
know it's it's like this be trusted and
it's gravel I think I got Dennis
convinced that we can get the car
through the model this will be the first
item that we've tried to get through
that hole that will not make it I
promise you that car is not gonna go to
that well first of all the water's wavy
for
like two feet deep maybe more I've
already got some rope it's gonna be
hilarious coming up with ideas dude I
honestly think that the pets want the
car so I mean I'm not sure that we're
gonna flash is it okay if we drive your
car buddy I just gotta get a picture you
buddy chillin on the coffee nice screen
you got the rough life let's pick it up
let's pick it up pick it up we're all
it's so funny we've all turned into dads
now we're just doing I've been it we've
been dads for a long time but like all
my friends now have kids and I was the
early one to have kids yeah did you tell
everyone is pretty much your birthday I
guess you guys are watching this is my
that's so weird it is my birthday if you
watch this dabbler but not yet now yeah
let's not get carried away this is an
early birthday birth this is more for me
I get thrills out of this this is
excited I just want to pick it up I know
dude can you imagine think about this
for a second you if you watching within
that machine and you just get to drive
right up to it and pick up a car it's so
fun
I'm ready do I get a turn of course
we're gonna move these Forks so that we
can try to pick this car up dude
okay that's why Brian's here cuz I would
have just done it the way it was in the
car pro
jeez up geez whole new look at this that
thing is up there I think that we should
try to preserve the car
let's get thickness to that model
piece of cake did like nothing this
thing is such an animal dude like in my
head that thing should have just flipped
like this alright dude so listen
remember it's shallow it's gravel is
you're gonna go right through it
Oh get it rody get it safety first
I've installed the fast and furious
motor into us you good just in case just
in case you get stuck in that one inch
of water we got a little rope you can
throw it to me that's a pretty short
rope through that is not long enough
it's not deep I'm not gonna be say
probably go up to your ankles yo do you
have nicer shoes you could wear I would
go barefoot honestly just in case you're
not boy this is foolproof
dude you come with the full medic kit
right here all you needs a rope I got
the dog
I don't know flush you riding funny
Dennis believes that this is very
shallow and it is kind of Shella it's
deep for this car so here we go I would
yeah get as much runway as you can and
not a lot not a lot of runway here just
skip you could pick it up skip it let's
hear this kitten purr
yo low on gas so I think what we'll take
water you don't need much where you're
going you don't need roads Oh
aerodynamics it is look at that feature
here we go guys then it's I think he's
convinced me to get through this thing
here we go Kane you think he's gonna
make it
no all right indistinct on - here we go
he's got a look at the traction look at
the church what a beast it's a jelly
bean
stop it no he's still moving he's still
engine
unbelievable unbelievable you know this
is legit he's almost bought him doubt in
the front
dude I can't believe it yo might be
easier to just back up look it flashed
just chillin he's like you guys are
ridiculous he almost made it game got it
back up
Oh No yo what a beat no yo he's digging
a nasty old
is there water inside like he's got the
rear wipers on every one for the rear
wipers you don't have a chance
dude he might get it out there we go oh
it's that same spot oh stop it
this kid is killing me right now try to
back out what y'all deep it is over the
wheels no the brakes are on you're
floating I'll get the water spewing out
of the headlight it's coming out of the
motor she's done is that all she's got
Ford I don't know I'm feeling pretty
confident that this thing's a beast it's
still long
the exhaust has been underwater for a
while in it rody give me the rope give
me the rope stop the car pull up gang
pull him get him buddy
whoa let go oh I just died wait it's
still on it's still on dude he's
unbelievable you're floating right now
dude
yo maybe we should get in and push him
you guys can help push he's so close so
determined he's right there people can't
he do it oh he's rocking it back and
forth well let's start yeah I got a good
name for it
lilypad one thing about Dennis you guys
should know is he can't give up on
anything so for no matter what even if
he car won't go he won't give up like he
wants to get it so bad I can see the
determination on his face he's so close
look go
hello my dad almost counts dude dude
it's smoking everywhere every angle it
don't even look
yeah it's flubber in there she's on
she's on look at the water level it's in
the car
tell me how you're feeling right now so
tell me what you're thinking so close
you're so dead yo she's hurting she did
a great job this is the lily pad now
that's her name
batteries show next no free no extra
lives yo if you're really mad I'll let
you caterpillar it to death oh my treat
you've got like a little river running
down here yes you want to do that the
game continues level 2 if you're mad at
the car you can take it all right over
top of it all right everybody out of my
way all right everybody clear
oh my god
we're gonna give you a left dude we know
your car's dead so you're saying title
right
there
you think it'll make it I think you'll
be fine dude just hold on buddy
and why am i secure
yeah
that was the bump
I would watch this song come off look at
all the water draining out that is like
it's trying all it can to just clean
it's like when you see a dead animal
just twitching nerves alright this next
parts just for you guys man it's yours
little guys gonna tear it up
it says Dennis is getting revenge on
lilypad
I don't know lilypad treated him pretty
well my opinion but you said you liked
destruction I mean construction yeah
he'd like to stop hooking up cameras and
let me drive he's so excited look at him
are you ready to do this buddy yeah heck
yeah
all right they're just getting used to
it dennis has never driven one of these
and his voice so excited so it's all
theirs they can do whatever they want
what's he gonna do what's he gonna do to
the lilypad
you pierced it oh he's going for this
he's going for the John Cena he's going
for the piledriver he's got a drain out
dude Oh
we go boom what you think you love it
did you just smashed
oh my gosh oh my gosh that looks
ridiculous it has definitely seen a
better time Wow Brian here actually
delivered all these giant boulders what
good timing these things are massive in
weighs so much what if we pick them up
with the forks Mike and dropped it on
top of the car I think it's brilliant
I can't explain how heavy that rock is
oh yeah yes it's the boulder drop it's
the motor job Wow come on we gotta blow
this back window out that's where we're
at right now dude well I guess lily pads
are flat but I love this door look at
the door how's that possible you did it
dude you destroyed it whoo-hoo
is that the original sticker for the car
that is awesome
this is the actual sticker from the car
hang on I got to see the horsepower on
this thing so the brand new that covers
three 103 horsepower that's a beast gosh
looking at miles though well there you
have it guys lily pad is a little
flatter than she was when we started
that was such a cool thing to do for oh
man I'm glad you guys have fun yeah this
is this is why you don't text and drive
I was texting the whole time I was
operating that Bobcat check it out dude
now you can see how fast you're going
man mounted up ran in and ended just
kidding there she goes there she goes
again she's out of here
you always know when you've had a great
day and you're successful as a parent
when the kids are too tired to move on
you guys have fun today came good day
Carson is that pretty cool with that
that car I didn't get you a car to flip
no you don't want to do it okay I'm
gonna remember those words well guys
thanks for hanging out today we're gonna
call it we're gonna call it and I had an
absolute blast
chase added some extra cameras today so
that should make it little funner Dennis
and his boy we had a great day man hope
you enjoyed it gonna get ready have the
whole family over again tomorrow for my
birthday and we're just gonna we're just
gonna probably redo today - the car we
start the bus you want the car I'm not
kidding my neighbor I just talked to
whenever he said he's got a jeep he's
willing to give me so maybe we got it
for my birthday I don't know we love you
guys so much thanks for the support the
love on everything we'll see you
tomorrow
you beautiful one-of-a-kind smile
you
you
