dddd dddd hey baby happy birthday nah
bro
it's stuck you got a jam you got a ram a
jam dingo you got it
see let's turn it off I'm the Rope man I
can get this out here here all you have
this here you hold this one hold this
one yeah it's broke throw it away
all better
daddy comes in and saves the day again
today is Noah's fourteenth birthday
party yesterday with his was that Korra
or king boy quit beating up your brother
what beating up your brother yesterday
was Noah's actual birthday today is his
birthday party today we celebrate
tickets on completely by yourself
really you've trained her to ride what
oh boy duck time to head out for the day
which means I got a real super glue my
Glock Brian isn't there like a better
fix like isn't there something you do
know sometimes like these things keep
breaking and then they fall that way and
they're falling off my face do you okay
we'll just put them on this table that's
my way of fixing things not yours
do you have like a no machine you just
pop this in no here's what we're doing
for now I just glue it and plate I just
go in place so it can't move for the day
and then by tomorrow it breaks and I
have to do it to the counter they were
$30 they've been they've been good $30
pair of glasses look like just a white
piece
you know medical tape you know how they
wear it here oh I could put it in the
middle too okay we just let them dry up
and they're good as new
go I think I'm gonna stick to my
superglue dude that dumper might take an
hour to dry two hours before I go to bed
all right so Britt and I have to run out
very quickly Noah wanted an ice-cream
cake which makes life really easy cuz
you just make it that's cooking Cain
Cain wants full-blown like this giant
tier rainbow cake which you guys are
gonna tackle tomorrow where it's gonna
try to make her own a video on that for
like her Facebook so she wants to be
like this what guys can't cook rainbow
cake do way better than me but I'm
saying like it's more girly yeah this is
some man stuff on here so it's Friday
which means the kids stuff to finish
school everyone still it works we got a
little time to prepare for this birthday
we get the stuff we need we get back
boom we start decorating and getting
ready for family it is the next two days
is all heavy birthday family stuff so
it's super great super exciting as a
huge pumpkin
here's something that I've never shared
on we've never shared on the vlogs and
that is our kids are home-schooled guys
they they do school at home on computers
we had literally hat I'll tell you the
whole story right now we had to take our
kids out of school it became as we
started this is years ago we start they
went to public school I used to but I
used to pick no up from school all the
time in the vlogs and maybe that was the
problem
I don't know as we became as we started
to get popular on YouTube school became
such a headache it was school became a
distraction all the kids would you know
know Noah but the real breaking went the
reason my kids are doing school in my
house right now the breaking point
was I had to fly out to LA and I got my
phone started going crazy the police
were calling on me
we know everybody the police call me and
they say hey we know you're out of town
but somebody is calling all the schools
around here they're saying that they're
you and that they want to pick Noah up
from school today and that was the last
day no ever went to school that was like
just some real creepy crap like just
another thing that these videos have
check that it changes our life like it
changes your life it's a double-edged
sword there's so many great things with
it there's a lot of headaches that come
with this so it's not all positive
there's lots of negatives to putting
your life on camera guys it is crazy so
my kids are home school and they will
continue to be homeschooled it is just
crazy out there let's go get a cake
let's go get a cake baby I'm trying to I
told you guys like I'm coming back I'm
sharing things with you so I'm just I'm
just putting it out there hope you're
having an awesome day I know some of you
watching are home-schooled I think it's
gonna get more popular I really do I
think homeschool is gonna get more
popular you're gonna see more of it it's
just I'm not gonna get in to help my
feelings on all of it but I think I
think near future you're gonna see a lot
more homeschooling just gonna happen my
purse was right here it was right there
it's all the way in the back seat it all
I can think of as Walmart get him
attitude everything rainbow get him a
yatta yatta get the baby shark doo doo
de doo why not just do it just do it
maybe you know we were to literally just
at this I think you just want to come
out on date with me that's what you
forgot all this stuff a couple the
greatest yeah you could sleep a donkey
and flattered
pixie tonight hiding in their barn like
this and then see what they their
reaction when they came in do it I guess
we on this one baby let's go do it got
our cake check that out man how good is
that looks all ice cream baby no flaw in
it no heavy paddle okay this babies now
I'm gonna open this door this thing's in
a slide our favorite cake ice cream I
like confetti like
that's a pretty balloon yeah look see
yourself cool oh that's creepy you need
to wear the mask and put that off okay
so we have worked back home Noah
hesitant we asked him so you want to
hang out while we die guys I'm growing
up did you want to hang out while we
decorate or do you want to just go up in
your room and hang out until we're done
and he chose up in his room so he's just
chillin what we actually they haven't
really done much yet
looking good mama looking good boys look
good too mom wha-what is that one what
is that one
it's Noah's birthday ready whoo get it
whoosh
oh it's good that's great
just keep doing what you're doing and
stack and was supposed to look like this
it's like a full stand up it's me way
taller than you are you gonna put it
okay my little handy girl will need
Brian no one that's just part of your
buns off I said I love you mr. Atwood
happy fourteenth birthday mommy let sit
let me know when you're ready to go shop
in and you can write whatever you want
you can just write happy bday no or you
can just write king you can just write
your name I used to sign cards I did the
rooms looking good man it looks like a
partay
let the turntables in the disco llamas
there you go you just can write your
name you got this it's perfect dude
happy bday
you're gonna finish your name are you
saying it excited it's awesome dude okay
from Kane happy birthday nog lon that's
Noah's gamer name so that's a good idea
and then I've called Kate I've called
Noah
Mr Attwood since he's little little
little like when I opened the door for
him I always said here you go mister out
would like so that's kind of an inside
thing for us and then Brits like a shot
buddy so it's perfect we got him a big
fat gift card and you know he's a
teenager now so we went a little a
little crazy on the card party your buns
off look it's a naked hot dog all right
I'm gonna go grab a table from the store
yeah looks great
it's great Party Time baby I'm already
ahead of me dude wait do we need one or
two perfect
you got it something crazy I haven't
played video games since I started daily
blogging - Brittany's live stream we
stream for like two hours it's the only
video games I've played since the daily
vlogs of return is something to be said
there no games I get so much work done
but I do I do miss playing some game hi
let's go get him let's go tell Noah come
down oh hang on Cain Corey you come in
come on let's go get Noah let's go get
Noah come on come on Princess come on
little princess
hang on somebody get the red they look
what do you do there's no red carpet she
can't walk on this floor there's there's
no rose petals to walk on I know baby
I'm gonna get the roses looking good
though it does look so much better up
here let's do it let's do it no way you
want to come down and see you're wrong
told you the names not long I mean yeah
that's part a you liked it we figured
black and blue was like I don't know
know when we're done with them we can
run them over with the four-wheeler the
banana princess is coming through the
building bump oh my gosh
you know we're laughing but she's like I
am the princess I am the banana princess
and I am coming through the Builder poor
take small bites
she puts I put the whole banana in we
were just discussing which way you open
a banner banana from the top like where
the stem is or from the bottom Cain says
if you open it from the bottom you don't
get strained I never heard that I didn't
know that that's true that's that's
worth opening from the bottom I've seen
videos of monkeys open them from the
bottom maybe they know something we
don't
always up month on the stem string the
line is hot Oh Freddy Cora hang on
- that banana mmm ah yeah baby no no
look at nitro look at nitro he's trying
to get the fishies a nurse you see she's
like don't better not touch my fish
those are my fish I chose looking at a
nice little fish dinner right there he's
like I've been spotted all right some
little ones are starting to show up the
son left us it's like what's up guys hey
hey 10 bucks forever jump in the pond
ten dollars cold hard cash no get out of
here
jelly's up man there's an actual love
story going on in your front yard
don't these donkeys are just daring love
frolicking they're in love dude I like
it we're getting we're trading chairs
and the kids birthdays we pretty much
swap they borrow them for their kids
birthdays then when it's our birthdays
they bring them back it's it's the
perfect setup huh
yeah but you okay what is this a bet
Adair it's just a joke there that you
got the whole birthday party so one of
Noah's friends bet him dared him
something like that - wearing a costume
during the whole birthday are you gonna
do it when are you gonna put it on and
you bought the costume that's a 40 yeah
paid for and you're gonna wear
I haven't seen the cut today he was like
alright guys I have this thing where I
have to work Hostin today during my
party and we're like okay I don't know
what it is but it looks like it has a
wig alright well we're all waiting for
it I've been waiting all day to see this
thing where is the party's officially
start
alright well people are gonna see it all
right no uh-huh come on we're all
waiting to see you this is it no it's so
good oh my gosh your fancy girl Wow
great it's good-looking boy it's Nora
Nora the Explorer Bob was you know what
I was gonna ask if he had pictures but
she just pulled this out of a putt mom
all tell him what happened
that's the oldest story in the book fell
down a basement steps she had a leak
like a water leak she's going down to
check it was it like the top of the
bottom of the steps the middle to roll
down broke her arm now she's got these
pins it looks like well them banette's
on a rifle dang you can still see all
the bruised parachute again that was
safer than walking downstairs for you I
know grab on grab one you want one you
can have them all look you can have them
all grab them all
okay we got this thing I'm gonna work
that's like you shouldn't use a
flamethrower from that I like your thing
we must be related I think I think we're
gonna go places okay
now the reason I got this because it
happened to be 14 candles so if it's
really dumb I'm sorry
yeah it just said 14 I was like are we
gonna try this it's supposed to spin all
by itself I don't know put on your cage
yeah on it's hard as a rock it's ice
cream dude I want to push it down in
there mustaches hard who's got a lighter
come on Cara gather everybody through
this easy easy don't get your nose hairs
on the cake why make Kane wear the
shield I'm looking for like a battery
Regensburg exploding cake
No
you have to be 14 to get one I guess
that's legit so could be it's like a
first time eating cake any of her
birthday cake
nothing get it girl looks like this is
what life's all about
oh now she wants it giving her a taste
how's the UH how's the cake boys how's
the cake looks like you're hating it
what is that cause and waves dude that's
pretty cool
dude that's awesome that is awesome I
can watch that all day
my fishies are going night-night get the
Korra your fishies are going nine nine
she looks like she needs to get a
nightmare guys we are doing a last four
is five idiot this is five all right
I've avoided warps I always say guys we
just warped here I've really avoided
have tried to actually just film our day
right but we're kind of working around
the house was hectic man Noah's got his
friends here it's hard to even track I'm
hurt I am
to get like hang out with him right now
he's hit that age I actually feel like I
could tear up too so we have done a
little warp house is clear now already
went great nice and destroyed balloons
are failing they're collapsing yeah they
were supposed to be for Cain's birthday
- they're not gonna happen
the helium and almost all the balloons
are gone look they're all falling scoop
him up so anyway thanks for being here
guys day five feels so good I don't know
if it was taking a break I don't know if
I just something has changed my mind but
it feels awesome like I'm happy and I
feel good it's about bedtime yeah
tomorrow we do it all over again all new
stuff with Kane for his seventh birthday
which is we love you guys so much thanks
for hanging out with us and we will see
you tomorrow for day six thank you for
everything you're beautiful you're one
of a kind smile
you
