oh my gosh
she retreated to me no no help me help
me it's a trap I'll be back okay you're
gonna miss me I'm gonna miss you more me
no no help me you have no idea how
excited I would be if I seen a tornado
like I still want to go on one of those
like tornado chasing experience I want
to do that I've always wanted to in fact
one time there was this huge storm and
we seen like a tube it's a twist I don't
like stuffed and I got I wasn't filming
at that time but dude it's crazy out
here it's like super crazy out there
it's like Wendy just kidding guys it's
nice and sunny
five minutes later guys are you ready
like right now tell me if you're ready
let's start a reset right now a mental
reset positive minds that maybe maybe
you're just starting your day
a nice little pick-me-up a nice start a
refresher all problems set aside
positive thinking maybe you're just
going to bed and you're ready to just
just get rid of whatever happened today
start fresh you're gonna sleep so good
have a amazing dream and you're gonna
wake up ready to take on and be in and
another day is given to you like how
cool is that we got a team up we got to
work together motivate each other pick
each other up when we're down we're all
I always say this we're all finding
something whether it's small whether
it's huge we're all fighting and we can
help each other fight we're way better
as a team than by ourselves team up help
each other man there's no point in
picking on that guy over there that girl
that is still pointing it help that
person they're fighting something maybe
a lot bigger than your fighting pick
them up welcome to the vlog guys it's
kind of a weird day I'm just gonna show
you what I'm doing and let's get moving
have an awesome day either way
I'm on your team don't forget that let's
go all right so what do we got going on
today he's got probably not that
exciting for you guys but this car is
really weird you actually have to turn
it off to open the trunk I think I've
never figured it out completely but
anyways two white buckets that's our day
we've had the exact same smile more
website since the beginning of time I
don't think we've really changed we add
products but we've never changed the
website it's been the same thing since
we started and today we are starting the
process of redoing the entire smile more
store so basically it's gonna look
different it's gonna feel different it's
just gonna be a new website same website
new look so where does that all start
well it pretty much starts with product
photos basically photos of every product
we make I told you this is gonna be
exciting I got I told you so we're
basically just mean this is the website
it's not horrible it's not bad I mean
least my kids and Britney's in it but
it's time to upgrade guys we're gonna
make this look nicer and funner and I've
got like the best team the best photo
I'm not just saying that when he's
around with his camera I know that the
next day I would have like the greatest
photos thank you it's awesome so he's
gonna do you guys know we do our own
photos I usually just roll out a piece
of white paper take the picture and post
it we're gonna step it up a little bit
it's a business we need to we need to
make it yeah I'm better go
paparazzi with permission so here's the
only side so you guys know the website
is based around my family my kids
Brittany myself we are on the photos
well Britney's like super pregnant right
now so I don't think that part's gonna
happen so after the kid so it might be
product photos for the next couple
months are you guys moving we're just
gonna move on I don't think that's
anything to interest anybody this
spent quite a bit of time there guys
just designed it we know we're designing
a website from scratch basically so it's
it's a lot of just sitting and talking
and and preparing for now you know what
the stores gonna look like and how cool
we can make it in a unique new things
you can do with technology that my
mind's blown what you can do with
websites now so this store should be
very fun unique and just just a new a
new look that's the most important thing
I'm heading home right now burn up quite
a bit of my day I'm so sorry about that
but we're gonna go home check on the
family run I think we're gonna go out
for a little bit so I don't know let's
go and hope you're having just an
awesome day guys keep keep keep it keep
it going
sup dudes what's up hey Empire I see you
I I don't want to get jealous flash on
me what's up g2 backflips ready one two
oh come on you got this
I know you got this one well that's
close one two and part you need a good
scratching come here let's do it let's
do it where's my boy where's my boy oh
I'm not happy to see daddy I'm not happy
to see daddy tired what huh hey well you
guys been sleeping or what it's like
walking into a zombie or zombie fast
there's my boy you did miss me he's all
mine flash he's all mine flash yes
no don't leave don't leave baby I'm
sorry
don't leave as a joke don't we gotta run
out because tomorrow is mall malls 80th
surprise but she has no idea what we're
doing and we're going to surprise her
with a little bit of birthday and I'm
showing the kids what do you think is it
unbelievable
yeah so I got something that I really
want to show you guys I think I'm gonna
post it as this vlog goes up on Twitter
so good check this out this is like a
huge thing and we're gonna have a blast
or what yeah it's gonna be the next
level next level what do you think it's
great you send it to me today I showed
the girls and they're like so we are
what I'm gonna I don't want to like say
anything just go over to my Twitter and
check it out it's gonna be it's just one
of the announcements that I really
wanted to make not really yeah no it's
awesome you're gonna check it out
we're coming for you guys there cocaine
they're coming for you they're looking
for you you got three stars dude let's
get let's get let's get let's get out of
the car yeah we're going to see the
Wizard
Oh get that four flash game you guys
what kind of parties mom won't happen
like what eight 80th so Dora the explora
oh it's my little girl Nora hi Nora
you should play we should get that and
you should be Nora you nor the explora
yeah you got to change your voice too hi
cane Nora's here Nora you remember Nora
oh you haven't met Nora
oh geez oh geez
see mr. hotdog man dude you guys were
riding your four-wheelers like my aunt
confetti can't these are like my
favorite oh look the champagne bottle
that blows up it's like a confetti
champagne confetti most people would
probably getting eight in a zero I think
we get eighty little candles and we put
80 real candles on the cake look like a
bonfire I don't know what do you think
we good we need a bigger car are we good
that's a pretty serious that's a pretty
serious party right there that's a big
deal there was like this much eighty
stuff over there oh we got oh there is a
hill here oh oh two carts for Mall mall
you gotta load up the truck take a walk
his guns they go up one at a time I
actually like vlogging about somebody
that doesn't watch the vlogs because
it's like if it was Britney's birthday
tomorrow I wouldn't be able to vlog
about it cuz she would see it or Noah's
hurricanes or family members but momma
doesn't watch the vlog so I think we're
saying one thing's for sure mama is
going to haven't got a night shining
armor that was a good hook dude you
hooked me hey we still gonna get mama
something crazy what are we getting her
okay I can't even imagine like recapping
what we've done for mama over the last
like her life is completely changed
we've got her a brand-new car
we just took her to Hawaii we took her
on her dream trip to Vegas Las Vegas we
uh well she got to go to LA for the
first time with
she had my first class yeah she got a
first class flight tried to take her
skydiving which is still in the works I
really wish we could have done that for
tomorrow for a birthday I know I know I
know we're still trying to make that
happen
um it's it's like the list is crazy like
those are the ones that I can remember
but it's been awesome for Mom all this
whole YouTube change in our life when we
met I was super broke couldn't ever do
anything for Mom or like she was doing
everything for us yeah and now we've
been able to return the favor s party
Empire we're here buddy
we're here's his flesh left up here he's
empire come here what's going on up here
this is like a kid takeover I'm scared
to even come up here scared place is
trashed trashed trash dude this upstairs
you guys just for takeover you sure you
sure about that
that was got his gaming a sinner looking
pretty awesome dude I love it's all
matching it's sweet all right guys check
out our new ceiling that's pretty cool
Hey oh that's probably terrible for my
camera
oh well light machine yo our couch is
ridiculous all the time it's like a I
don't know it's like we just store
things on here so we got approved yeah
so guys we got why don't you explain
exactly no pull that picture up so yeah
we got approved today for adoption of
our donkey so we will have when are we
getting it how does it work okay so she
it's we had to send all these photos
like our barn in the place where it's
gonna sleep our fence are like we had to
like do an application to get and adopt
a donkey and we gotta prove today she
said for final
oh the email me of pictures of your
animals fire and barn you did all that
so we go through free we did get
approved I'm so come I don't see ya you
called me so excited saying guess what
and I was like what you were like we and
then the service went out so my butt is
it Tommy it was like the scene of Toy
Story so application not approved oh my
gosh
who would thought it's this hard to get
another donkey guy like it's legit a
process like unless you want to drive to
Kentucky
dude this is one of the pictures Britney
sent like that's that sells it right
there like yes they need a donkey and
our barn for our donkey and our donkey
anyway guys we're going to end the vlog
thanks for hanging out over on Twitter
go check out this is a big release
actually not any of the announcements
that I was I'm talking about I'm gonna
be making some big announcements and
this actually doesn't have to do with
that but it is cool I think you guys
want enjoy it's gonna be fun for
everybody we love you you're beautiful
you guys are beautiful too one of a kind
smile more
alright guys so I ended the vlog last
night and I just had to continue this
vlog into that we haven't done that for
a long time where we continue the vlog
but I just have to show you what just
happened at my house I couldn't resist
sharing with you yet normally I just
wouldn't put this in the blog actually
I've never put it in the blog but a tow
truck literally just drove through our
gate like I can't make this up
it's like plowed through our gate it
really sucks it's actually really bad
news but look at this I'm just gonna
drive out and show you guys so the weird
thing is I actually just got home and I
got a picture from Brittany I'm not
seeing the picture first because it's
actually ridiculous like I was like
confused on how this even happened okay
leave this this is our gate currently
this is this is now what our gate looks
like guys it is so bad I can't like
we've had this for a long time nobody's
ever like it's not even come close to
being hit before so this is new and
we're actually really shocked and it's
really really freaking expensive and
it's not easy to get replaced so it's a
big pain in the bottom so this is one of
the pieces hated what mine is blown oh
my gosh okay it's gonna reopen its like
broke it keeps opening watch out dude my
poor little sign my four little sign
okay so now it's officially the end of
the vlog guys we're gonna figure all
this out we've got a bunch of people
coming over actually the installers that
they get got to come and they're gonna
try to it's just the paint is really
just a pain in the butt I'm not even I
don't know how I feel about it it sucks
obviously but life happened like weird
things happen like is this accident you
know I mean so we love you guys we will
see you tomorrow you're beautiful
one-of-a-kind smile more
