yo guys pixee amp what's up nothing I'll
get nothing
bye what is up guys welcome to day 4
baby let's do this fun fact for you if
you're looking for an animal that gives
you no affection like you want a pet you
know dogs it's just too much and he's
giving you too much love a cat you know
you got to work for it you got to work
for it but they still love ya if you're
just looking for something that just
simply doesn't love you get your donkey
get yourself a donkey I'm pretty sure
those donkeys could care less if I even
exist but I love them I love them guys
welcome to the vlog I'm running solo
right now everybody's doing something
right now Britney's getting her
eyelashes done which I could use I could
use a little love up here Cain didn't
want to Keane wanted to come with me to
old time then he bailed on me Noah is
it's his birthday today but I don't get
to see Noah for a little bit he's got
all kinds of things going on and then
he's coming home baby
so since I'm so alone right now I
thought it'd be the perfect time I've
been wanting to do this for a while it's
also Thursday for me so it's throwback
Thursday to take you guys down a super
super throwback this is I'm going to the
factory this is where I worked for 12
years guys I worked here longer than I
thought I worked here still today longer
than I've done YouTube total that is
mind locked I drove down this road for
12 years I worked here for 12 years so
we're gonna go visit I'm gonna actually
work some of the things I actually
didn't show you guys
just what it was like it's gonna be fun
it's me and you hanging out my mom and
dad are there so that's that's awesome
you can see my parents
so yeah let's do this let's go day four
hope you're feeling perfect
hope you're set aside any little problem
you've got going on right now maybe it's
a huge problem I got plenty of those set
them aside for the moment let's have a
wonderful next the vlogs have been like
20-30 minutes set that aside for about
20-30 minutes guys and all right so I've
just arrived to the fact I have not been
here for so long this is like I'm not
kidding it's like the Willy Wonka of
rope factories guys this is there's a
lot of family secrets here there's a lot
of you can look up and you can see how
rope is made there's lots of ways to
make rope but my dad's way of doing it
is something special so I want to take
you guys on this little journey and
let's go someplace just walking in this
arms arms just reach it through the yep
who's our man okay guys so this is where
I walk in every day Monday through
Friday 8:00 to 5:00 minimum and then we
would have 8 to 9 p.m. 8 a.m. to 9 p.m.
two days a week yes so just to let you
know you said whose arm is that that's
our mo motto arm oh yeah arm at what
rope manufacture that's our so this is
the front of the building where I work
shipping department for I did shipping
for years I did it for a long time in my
mom just reminded me what did you say
yeah you should show them some of the
things
that you did here yes we always said you
got paid to be here but necessarily the
work come on I grind in for a long time
there's a bar up here that as your
original green screen it's that white
bar from your green screen so I would
sketches like way before even YouTube I
hung a green screen there to make videos
look like my brother and Friends and
then we would come in and meet dad
wasn't necessarily always here you come
in on Saturdays to and do things but and
one thing you did was this was or you
know we got a ship's kids out so it's a
straight rapid so this machine rocks
power traps kids but there's some times
where we see in some of your videos you
do of what happens to things that we
have he stood there and rap you've got
someone got wrapped up but it was pretty
funny this rap game yeah so what I did
what's up man how our tray see yes and
Jonathan that's right anchors hanging
and grinning thanking a grinning so you
can see behind me tons oh you're doing
five eight that's okay I still remember
all my rope this is a station that I
work for years I mean years every day
every night that machine is still there
and that's the Machine I work I want to
hang with you dude
some of this stuff do this stuff
pictures on the wall okay this is a
hanker this
my best friend come on come on and we're
cinnamon so show them how it works
okay so 50 foot let me show you
something the Rope comes off machines
like this your job as a hanker it's what
we called it is to put it in coils like
this so that's where this machine comes
in hand now I would get it like as an
outsider I would assume a machine did
all this but it's actually manual labor
it requires him Tracy good look at this
so he puts it a 50 foot coil like this
and there mom see if I still got it
let's see if we got it eight five eight
especially get hundreds going to fit
these off managed to pull this off make
sure the tails in there
rip it wrap it
I still got this Hank your heart and
then you tuck the tail and pull it that
is a 50-foot piece of rope boom and then
you do it
thousands of times yup my hand my
youssef calluses all over my hands now
I'm like oh baby saw
we don't throw the rope what's up boss
what do I need to do today I don't know
are you ready to come back I've just I
want to put a week's worth of work in in
one day this is off how cool is this guy
a week of work would be like a year for
you dang you know these videos really
really bring out my real poem yeah not
okay so what can't what else can I show
them what do you want to say I don't
want to give up all the secrets yeah
like this is a lifetime of Secrets that
you can see on the internet anywhere
yeah but all right come here I'll show
you something okay
okay so this is where yarn starts right
here
so all these bobbins so she call them
pound cones bones - what tubes coming
bobbins they start as basically one one
string yeah and then they run into let's
see this this is called a twister
twister how cool is this
and then psychically turns them all into
one yarn and the one giant and this is
the rope we were just looking at that
bright orange row the left this makes a
really nice rope it'll be balanced when
it's done which means when you apply
pressure it won't spin backwards on you
because the ropes made of different
twists that equal out can tell you I
told you I told you it's the Willy Wonka
of rope factory it's really good it's
crazy
and I got that long as you don't ruin my
watershed turn it on for a minute you'll
have to catch them okay okay so this is
where the big machine yeah and then it
run onto these large Bob grant giant
yeah these guys look how big these are
now the smaller the rope the smaller
these gifts yes some that are like this
big
this is a firm big rope how big these
are factory park is very loud hopefully
but just don't what where's your
iroquois
make it rope look at this
look how cool that is
they all twist up here and make a
beautiful rope how much is that rope
hold we have 6,000
another foul line
so I worked in this area for
several years as well I work here
I only count full-time out of high
school for 12 years but I've worked this
out kid
and I was a little bit I was already
doing thing here
so I know ro pretty well
this is really cool done this is like if
you went to the store you needed to buy
a good free-throw it's the kind of ropey
with a set yourself
what was your favorite part here
okay
but I loaded these machine a long time
this is the kind of machine you could
ride on if you
look at this jumbo rope dude I don't
think I can see the scale of it boom
we're going to turn her on do it ain't
you chugga-chugga-chugga-chugga
how do you like that for a ferris wheel
that is awesome that's making a pretty
big row okay stop it in perspective my
hand you can see how big this machine is
they're basically sixty five pounds
above sixty five pounds about a thousand
pounds below this I really hope it's not
too loud I used to wear earbuds and
while I worked in this department
so cool come back to the factory
where it came from this is all I did
when I graduated high school I graduated
on a Friday believe on Monday I started
full-time and I work here for
it was my life I lived here
come back and get the
some of the things
my dad just said I love your thinking he
just said why don't you crawl up in this
rope and yeah you just tell me when to
turn it on ya whenever
it's really good now to digging a we've
done Mangal
tango rope is no joke
after that crazy process it all leaves
on a big old truck just like this Oh
so should I clock out today it's all
digital you just scan your wrist beep I
think we'll just ask you to leave
again seeing I love you well that was
awesome and I hope you guys enjoyed that
I'll or I could legit start a YouTube
channel where I just visit companies and
factories I'm fascinated with the stuff
I think it's so cool I love seeing
manufacturing I love seeing how it's
made it's it's always more manual than
you would think you know I don't know I
love that um so it's it's so crazy guys
i legit was in that building longer than
I've done YouTube like that just keeps
like when I think about that it just
blows my mind how long it feels I'm not
kidding it feels like a different
lifetime doesn't feel like I ever did it
now it's not and I don't know man I just
I started freaking out because I got
older as I got as I got like around 26
or so I was like starting to freak out
like what am i doing I'm not doing what
I love not doing I'm not doing what
makes me happy right like I'm coming to
work and paying my bills I'm doing all
that it's great very fortunate for my
job very fortunate for my parents
company they allowed me a place I know
education like I had I did start
freaking out I started panicking like
all right kid I'm still in a phase still
in the factory stuff uh-oh I think I
just panicked and started making moves
and started just trying new things and
that's when you know my parents were
like just stop coming in here you really
got to stop coming in here and focus on
YouTube and man from that day really
helped
let's go let's go see the family also
one more thing how about some love for
my mother and father from creating that
from scratch
literally I remember being a little kid
my dad started the company and I was
basically when I was born he quit his
dream of becoming a musician he's a
phenomenal guitar player he was in a
band he quit all that he didn't think
that was a good place to be raising us
kids he wanted to focus on something
more stable for us as a family which
first of all is huge he started a rope
company I remember him hand twisting a
little machine in our garage
not even our garage he like rented a
garage and he just has one little
machine he was just hand twisting and I
remember him like with his piece first a
little like six-inch piece of rope and
now he's got two factories like math I
had an honest I'm so proud of my family
man it just it's awesome definitely most
of the reason I am an entrepreneur I
just saw my mom and dad just build
something from scratch it's possible
right and my head is always possible I
seen it done so huge huge love to my mom
and dad here's a super fun fact the
first two and a half years that I did
YouTube maybe maybe it was just two
years it was either two or
two-and-a-half years that I did YouTube
I didn't have internet I had no internet
zero well it wasn't available where I
lived I just didn't have internet so I
did everything
you two related at the factory
everything I did all my editing at home
and then when I went to work I would go
in the office and find a spot to upload
my videos true story i uploaded for two
and a half years at that factor just
never know where you're gonna end up man
Helen oh my god the days and nights I
spent in there and somebody would have
said yeah one day you're just gonna do
YouTube for a living
dude I would have probably laughed so
hard man like honestly
is it that was the impossible thought
couldn't happen that's not true
you just never know man flashy what's
that baby a dog's give you affection
flash flash there's my boy here's my
baby here's my baby wussup blue eye huh
baby girl good flush trying to steal all
the attention come here hey what you
watching pets all our cell phone samples
y'all I want to show you my favorite one
yeah it's the pink why do I like this so
much I like all the paint job pink is
our worst selling item upon everything
anything pink just sells though that's
kind of cold appeal yeah they sent us
all these samples of like hey do you
guys want to put these in the snow of
the white school dude I don't know yeah
I don't know why pink I think the pink
is the coolest one teal is pretty cool
too Cora hey she is zoned into this I
mean a pinky give me the Mickey you want
to say hi do you want to say hi here
just take it back okay
good timing I literally just got here
how's the gold there how's the lashes
yeah I took one of the samples Wow yeah
well Bernie just making a delicious
lunch I'm on survival mode coming home
getting a family back together hey hey
boy clothes is pretty cool I see where
this is going and then this turns into a
bed friends can spend the night step 3
but like one huge one that are you
frowning daddy need to turn the frown
upside down that it means if it's going
this way it needs to go this way frown
like boohoo I didn't get my way I didn't
get to stay up till midnight now I'll
turn it upside down see which way around
the way that is cool you can just have
one single Cora hi she's like you guys
left me was like you left me too today
so he smells good he's clean he can lay
on the carpet if he wants that's right
what a flash would even come up here
come on flash last time I can't he came
up here true story I'm in my office he
comes by my door I think I'm editing or
something
I look up he looks at me makes direct
contact and then runs full speed up the
stairs jumps in the ball pit that used
to be a ball pit in poops true story
that was probably the last time you were
up here yeah huh that's when he was a
puppy now he's a full-grown my in TV got
hung up today I'm a man this is cool
slowly getting their house is turning
warehouse all pits gone now we got a
couch so that's boy it's getting there
pretty soon I'll have my own rocking
chair alright we're going to my brothers
you won't go over details
oh no good luck with that we got
birthdays all weekend this place about
to turn into a bomb site
it's not good it is absolutely gorgeous
out so that was a big mouthful of gum
where's your shoes dude hey how are you
beautiful I missed you today I've been
around my family during not vlogging
we've been like this we've been together
so much that when we're apart I'm just
like come on gang okay all right last
clip I'll spit the gum out cuz I hate
when I see myself law you want to go
true story when I just got back home I
got out of the car notice it just
started rolling forward towards the face
it's probably on the cameras though so
today we went to the faculty we've been
all about family and my brother has a
new invention like legit he invented
this awesome fun stuff for family so
we're gonna go check it out right now
what up bro in insane this is my car
slide I've seen them from you but I had
no idea okay
what do you want to say well let's start
I've invented this new product yeah and
Romans seen it before he was actually
the first person to create a tank with
him yeah it is fantastic inspired
another tank that we ended up actually
producing but I got this room that we've
been working on it's like this showcase
showpiece of things you can build with
it and basically it's these kits of
clips and cards that you can build
anything out of it I mean let's just
check I've not seen this from them
pepper like this or even story I don't
even know where to start I'll use small
more cards
that's all awesome where do I start
let's just start over here so that this
guy's to limit here we got a nice farm a
UFO abducting a cow yes these are
abduction beams you know a pig okay so
these are cards guys they're corns like
playing card maybe we show the body
maybe we show the box right there was
invented clips that connects playing
cards into objects like a windmill and
filled a barn a farm its fatal fields
right there wearables collection you
make helmets oh my goodness gracious
very serious with them look at this
what dude I love the King Kong on top of
that okay I think the Rockets my
favorite that's amazing that's the
Saturn five rocket
oh wait that's made out of your clubs
yes look at this oh my gosh you guys
went all out
it's your crown obviously small more car
crown that's pretty cool welcome to a
smile more I hope you've got your swords
boy this is what they come in yes so
this is a kit and the only difference
between the kids is the colors of carbs
so like this is the essentials that has
these central colors you know my and
then we have why I'm over here making
YouTube videos nails are here inventing
actual things wait this is the marble
fit on this the marble go down this the
whole room took about look at that you
did the hours 50 hours yeah the whole
room you could redo tilted towers you
got to do it give me a few days like so
literally anything you think of you can
build with enough imagination creativity
this is like a marble work thing um it's
a matter of folding the cards bending
the car where's the do you have a tank
I built a tank yeah
the tag like the proto I built one of
these like when he first came out like
when he first showed me these like hey
I'm working on a new invention I've made
a tank it was similar to this oh my gosh
card Domino's three today I was at the
Willy Wonka of rope factories now that
Willy whoa those are cool we have our
Halloween little theme up here too with
that and pumpkins so why do I like this
so much because last what the cows I
know why do I like this so much
yesterday I asked you guys what you do
as a family right and then today I was
like you want to come see my official
vengeance done and it's it's ready to
launch and he has he doesn't have like a
launch company and I have a vlog just
let's put it in a vlog dude I got
families that love I got families that
love family stuff this is family stuff
imagine a night where you guys get tons
of cards out and you build something
using creativity and you you have all
kinds of things they can build out of
the bottom yeah at the box it comes with
a 24 page book an idea booklet with like
oh what you see here is actually in the
book some of it not well I would love to
see what you guys can build out of this
stuff cuz this is imagine imagine you've
started a new company from scratch this
is it but there is like nothing else
this is it backwards oh my gosh Wham and
I think I think what's really cool and
fascinating is that it's something for
everyone
boy girls teens adults like with if you
just start building with them anyone can
find something to build I think it's
amazing dude it's amazing yeah you know
you build doll houses I love it I really
think it's really cool it's like another
building object the pyramids are cool
the care package flies animated little
airplane do you see my smaller problem
oh my gosh it's what the
it's with our cards probably looks
better on you than being smaller Oh her
hair is in there her ponytail we didn't
have enough time short change - I was
gonna put smile or oh well you owe me
and what happened yeah I want it I want
a more store not one in my store yeah
okay I'll do smile more store okay as I
ran out of time I love that color to do
it in that Paula Deen maybe black sides
maybe make it pop whatever you want I
love it really cool okay it's family
baby I love it
I hope that you do fantastic on this and
you've these are ready these are percent
ready for sale right now they can crash
the website if they they didn't try and
crash it I know if they do you guys have
crashed no joke you guys have crash
websites before so I would love to send
you all to this they'll doesn't have a
store they'll doesn't have a company to
sell these from this is just us right
here knocked off this may be mounted it
correctly
I didn't mount that one actually the cat
did that okay tell them how they get it
okay so it's card clips calm that's card
clips calm easy breezy and we're
offering since you guys have been with
Roman and with me and with the whole
family for so long it's like the biggest
offer we've ever done ever
it's 30 percent off the entire order and
with every kit you buy I'm throwing in
an extra deck of cards so there'll be a
free bonus deck of cards in with
whatever you order and yeah they're
ready to go there's like there's there's
six different kits and then a whole
bunch of different color cards yeah so
you check it out all on the site like
all the varieties and all the stuff and
up I'll link in the description super
simple it's like a Christmas item this
is like so perfect yes it's perfect
timing for Christmas it's literally say
for
ages 3 to 103 that's kind of a thing you
know what I like about out you know I
like about it I guarantee if you buy
this for someone they've never seen it
before
no it's probably like it's like new you
can be the first credit and I'm making
it right in the factory local yep so we
get shown that yeah we can't we filmed
it and then also use promo code Roman
borrow a man all right
another thing that's super cool is Dale
makes all the clips himself like right
down the road there like not made in
China they're made right here and we
filmed a bunch of it showing you how
they make that it's a factory day baby
showed you how to make it so let's jump
to that right now more pretty warp warp
to the exposure you call these machines
plastic injection molding machine
plastic injection molding machine this
is a machine day it's a factory day baby
I love it it's all family to factory
people factory people or production mass
productions dinner you guys make items
physical yeah I make digital you make
item still man come on more stretchy
stuff going on out the door
true true and we make stuff for your
smile bro rollers it's a guy these are
the massive machines Dale actually
manufactures all our cups smile markup
he manufactures his own stackers like
the dominoes are here yep poke dominoes
which is a whole nother
and saying and then now he's his new
invention Cardinal invention yeah is
that what they're actually called ISO
card clicks is the brand and then the
 that most creative card builders
okay they're fantastic I know we're
actually running some of the clips right
now we're gonna take you long and show
you how they're made straight finish
let's see it well we're kind of at the
finished process once we're on this
platter this is where the beef goes in
yeah so this is actually read brown and
dehydrated beef plastic yep plastic and
then it turns into a hot liquid
this stuff's doing so much I'm confused
this is the human brain right here human
brain and you know what something that's
been crazy like we have this robot up
here and we have conveyer belts and
everything and this is like the simple
way to do it this is a robot this is not
the typical robots for this really like
a basic this is the most basic robot you
can have here here we're going today's
Walsh's been the food school machine
school we're gonna learn this stuff
anyway oh yeah his hands on you learned
all this for yourself well I didn't have
someone who came out it was a retired
guy he did it for his whole life and he
just cannot taught you came out taught
me everything I needed to know and he
still I still call him all the time you
can't learn that you can't learn that
crap in Heights not gonna happen
five okay so no Dale's crazy House of
cars yeah literally have a house of
cards way to eat wait so these all these
clips are being pumped out of this
machine little at a time being carried
up this belt and dumped into this box
flip card click it all includes dude no
matter how cool it is
it is a crazy investment you almost got
to be crazy to run with any idea that
requires all this machinery up front you
don't get this stuff and then test it
you gotta buy this and judging by these
machines not cheap people not not cheap
a brutal probably brutal okay so what's
something cool I can show oh this thing
dumping the X excess plastic I think if
you just held the camera up right here
and show the mold opening
and that noise these parts are so light
it requires air to spray down to get
them out of the mold really quickly so
that it can close up again and make new
parts like this is like the stuff Elon
Musk is talking about is machine exactly
they only the world whether we're making
a full-size car and a bigger machine or
whether we're making card clips at the
same time look at all this stuff guys
look at all this stuff does this make
your life seem simpler case this looks
like something out of a movie this is
like something back to the future you
would use thank you point 5 gigawatts
really all this is doing this is taking
natural plastic which is just uncolored
plastic and adding color into it that's
all we're doing here yes and then this
big unit here is grinding any and all
access plastic and putting it back into
the process for almost a zero-waste
manufactures you're recycling your own
blasted yeah so anything extra or let's
say it's defective or the wrong color
something we grind it up put it right
back in and make new parts awesome the
class today your teacher will be that
words
this is so cool man so obviously you're
running purple here yeah how many of
these little B does it take to turn that
white purple almost nothing like one
bead like god this whole pub here a
little a little tiny scoop handful turn
it all purple it's really like 2% so why
not just use purple plastic it's not
cost-effective the people who make the
plastic aren't the people make the
colorant hmm and it's just there's two
different worlds you can buy free
colored plastic but it's really
expensive all right oh my gosh man back
from factory clips well I love it did I
hope it I hope it does so well it's so
original it's so cool it's so unique
baby I mean look maybe you guys have a
store a toy store that you want to put
my card clips in it'll be cool
hey yeah there's an email now I every
single viewers gonna have a toy store
right now yeah well that's easy I know
just the guy
since day one just have to leave but I
might just stay here I might just stay
all right are you going on with those I
think can be really good at this
everything he goes with nice oh yeah
they'll saved up also money about an
Xbox I'm proud of you man yeah I think
I'm just
whoa Jim no oh can you just got the
hook-up did early birthday it's been a
day of family creations man I don't know
and we created smile more but I feel
like my brother and my my family are I'm
the ugly duckling is what I'm thankful
all the pins and calling you're gonna
create a thing for all the pins in cars
all right do whatever you want Korra
come back get this oh hey mr. cork come
here and we're gonna get in the funny
mirror these things are dirty can we do
here oh hey hair core I remember looking
all funky
I understand I look crazy oh there we go
mr. Longman
mr. stickman mr. big old truck you could
rot in that she's gonna do it again oh
gosh oh gosh
not to be attacked
mommy got me all right guys just pulled
into the house this is never done ready
like just pulling in I get out Oh y'all
trucks moving oh you know watch the
truck just starts rolling
no bread no it's so funny what you gonna
do now
y-yeah this is what we do when she
whines no more whining crying gets
tickled whining gets flying haha
give me that binky give me that Mickey
thank you daddy say hi say hi you crazy
girl
don't fly off here good here goes
oh you want tickle to flash you do you
do fresh ones tickled well guys I I was
waiting for Noah to get back but it
looks like he's not getting back to a
very late nice we're gonna end this vlog
start fresh tomorrow for his actual
birthday party we're celebrating um all
day tomorrow first birthday and then
Cain's birthday so should be a really
just family fun days lined up for next
few days plus she was coming up behind
me I hope you enjoyed today an awesome
day
like an awesome day I feel so good about
today man just see what my family is
created and continue to create is crazy
anything to say mama
who's we love you guys Korres gonna
clean up she's gonna finish cleaning the
kitchen get it girl get it girl
yeah I get it girl and we'll see you
guys tomorrow thank you so much for
being here for supporting not just this
family but my entire family
we love you you are beautiful one of a
kind smile more
you
