I'll do it I'll do it if you make me
money whatever I said let's start this
vlog get our big one he's like fine go
start to fog I was like alright fine I
will you are not gonna call in sick
you're not : see this is only the third
day yeah just that why you two broke cuz
you called in sick just woke up and I
got a sore throat I don't feel good so
maybe I should just stay home
I do feel great I feel really good yes
it was rough I was sick yesterday was
sick so are you gonna start the vlog I
faked feeling good are you started it's
okay really we have to go let's go maybe
I'm ready but she was wrong yeah babe
wait wait babe welcome to day three ones
last time we had a day three blog one
slot like honestly when was the last
time we had a day three book oh yeah
core is a sleeve every time every time
we've been starting to watch or sleep
want to take the shoes off in the house
and she got on a veronica was that your
disguise oh my gosh what we doing in
here huh I like your hat
is it Halloween up in the air what are
you doing you're gonna make a pencil
like with the wood and the ladder you
just get one of our line or I'm confused
Oh like this you're gonna make a new one
alright the pencil Megan red white and
blue let's go let's go you gonna make a
flat look oh my gosh what is this oh
alright I want to see that baby when
it's done exactly sisterly love is
violent what's going on up here
what's going on up here it's destroyed
you guys just playing with toys all day
so yes I read it the basin area this
whole area it's gonna be an actual like
living room kids
kids living room I got a new couch let's
tell me today like like a cheaper couch
and it folds out into like three beds Oh
a bunch of tents up here
that's where kids want to sleep tents
that's it you ain't getting rid of my
Legos all right some of those go back to
my childhood you know we have an
abundance we've had we've had me we've
had two other boys and I don't know
maybe coral play with Legos a lot of
girls don't play with Legos sometimes
they do some of these Legos are all yeah
because you just hit pure steel they
take this mom or tape out of the store
you might think you might think this
looks like a cross right oh that's nice
no it's a sword and that's a gun welcome
to having boys that's what it's all
about
why would you throw them away they're
awesome that's pigs that's why we have
all strapped up here cuz nothing gets
removed
it's just collapse and collects nerf bin
I blame most of the nerf on you guys
expecting we did fan mail you would send
so many nerf guns that was like nerf
girls Hot Wheels like we we have all it
and then Brian's getting a TV mounts
that TV can go up on the wall oh she's
gonna hit it with your little one done
that turn things in the frogs uh
puncture it you guys are destructive I
think the kids did less damage in you
guys everything was doing just fine so
the toy thief showed up oh dude
okay all right pencil man kid said 30
times so I want to make a pencil I want
to make a pencil what I love you too
buddy I'll see you really soon okay all
right get it done hope you guys are
having an awesome day hope you're
feeling
I want to show you this look okay
I showed this a long time ago but this
okay these are our play buttons from
back in the day no but this one okay
this looks good right we're serious
what no cuz hang on before you say
anything I've seen other youtubers
complain about this look at this play
button let me get a focus on it doesn't
want to wants to focus on what's behind
this you see that you see that it's like
that's not on the glass that's on the
play button you see all that it's like
it's like I don't know it's like color I
think it's changing colors look at the
difference
it's done all right that's awesome dude
I want you to make me one big humidifier
was sitting right under that for a long
wait you're saying no this is airtight
maybe anyway just like deteriorating and
it's got stuff all over it guess you're
driving yeah so I need to vlog anyway
vlogging Driving's on same and fun fact
my glass is a shot already they've been
shot I have to superglue them every few
days I've already done it multiple times
this doesn't Bend this is perfectly
straight right here and I have to
superglue tree superglue it so I keep
aware my glasses
and I've also covered him already in
scratches and they're all damaged and
beat us so far yeah Brittany just said
who straps a bike on the back of a
Cadillac and it just sounds like a rock
song I strapped a bike rack on the back
of a cattle
like like a like a front and song you
know like your front like one of them no
got the bike rack on the Cadillac I
don't know a little bit this weekend is
this huge weekend it's Noah turns 14
which is disgusting
actually his birthday is the day I
upload this so tomorrow for us today for
you it's Noah's 14th birthday dude it's
unfair is unfair and Cain's from seven
so it's a big weekend for us big weekend
birthday birthday weekend maybe so we're
going out to grab birthday supplies
little decorations
oh and I got this isn't for birthday but
this is this is frost later this is I
found this on sale dude gives member
eltanner I used to use all the time
you shoot it it blows off yeah video boy
boy looking at you you want to fully
look at you know if it's dangerous I'm
driving on the way home it make me sick
gonna get I don't even get carsick I was
it on my phone chick drives like a
maniac to write open life she didn't
mean that ladies yeah I mean my glasses
are broke good jump into some Harry
Potter's listen it actually not bad
Ronald Ronald is that you I can't see
any better with help you put this long
is it I think it suits you oh you should
wear this while you drive there you see
breaking the law in that math you know
just pedal to the metal
oh yeah my pork or this year poor course
no Halloween yet just a lot of scary
stuff up pops out of nowhere imagine
these things just suspended from her
ceiling
birthdays we should do a Halloween
birthday
am I just out of the loop or don't not
know who hello neighbor is that I don't
know what that is
hello Nate it's an actual do the kids
have so much to choose from I feel like
when I was like army man or a clown hey
give me a horse dude what are you guys
being for trick-or-treat this year what
do you mean for Halloween and literally
the options are crazy I can't believe
there's not a whole fortnight wall like
just for fortnight I don't even see
fortnight GB I thought you've been in
your costume all year what do you mean
but I'm a sword inside of it I mean I
think you're there I don't even know how
to use it okay you'll learn never seen
marbleized
cane much rainbow well we got the little
streamers I got to get rocket linens
these are for me all right
mission complete with some x-men
birthday shopping around Halloween is
tough I was like there's so many
distractions I'd like to find things I
got for me personally and they're like
you know scary stuff but the birthday
stuff is done it's not something can
vlog the kids watch the vlogs King every
morning when he wakes up he pulls up
yesterday's vlog so for me you want to
drive give me one more chance probably
we probably should but not this time I'm
actually taking it back actually I'm
probably more guilty of leaving the car
in the parking lot than actually putting
it back oh look at her picking me up
whoa she's gonna honk 100
Wow I don't even know you anymore
I don't even know you anymore you didn't
honk what we did a bad bad thing so we
had to get some birthday stuff we could
obviously vlog it because we would show
the kids what we got bought we did a bad
thing did your walked in like the snack
shops now this next yeah you're going
for one the snack shelves now are are
like aisles right so shelf anymore
aisles of snacks you can't you just
can't decide oh wow yet a backup but so
we weren't pretty hard you know what I
picked out everything in there donuts
just a little like the rap donut look at
the cute little couple
flashy the meet-and-greet this is great
about dogs man oh man bone Appetit Bon
Appetit that's a nice little treat it's
beeping she do this dog look at this
look at this oh well I don't know
mm-hmm-hmm oh wow you gotta put it on a
silver platter I guess you don't want it
the dog Tony he won't eat dog food I
button every brand wet soft doesn't
matter people food he she was gonna come
straight to dad does she just wake up
she just once dad he set her down see
what she does Cory Cory Cory all the
whole time well I never saw it
seen it
Oh such a blankie
can I see Oh coffee are you laughing
just like my pants just fell straight
down you go up yeah this is all the
stuff there's a couch in there oh my god
he builds everything at this house
everything he just the last the last
like two weeks has been nothing but
building things in boxes so no wonder he
left already he's like nah I'm starting
this tomorrow
no I'm up early baby right now no out of
here this house is full of liars I'm
gonna walk up it one for a long time
look at this box all cars that's that's
a serious we should do something fun
with that these are all costumes three
buckets of costumes spider-man
spider-man
oh she's laughter counting I remember we
got that fan now remember it's supposed
to be Kane Kane was so scared of it that
we had to get we couldn't put it in his
room remember Cora look at daddy the
dark
I know Oh give him a kiss Maui that's
where all your stuff went here open the
box open the box right here slide that
open here slide it open she knows
somebody already did it slide it open
watch this one this is a cult
I got a barrel in my mouth here stead of
here let it go in circles again
Oh Manny watch Cora look at this
watching monkeys jump off a bed she's
pretending to jump yeah you jump I'm
about to give you some advice that you
do not want to miss what are you right
now
No are you comfortable you're not
comfortable you want to go get in bed
okay perfect example comfort is the
worst okay if you're trying to be
productive you're trying to get anything
done if you're trying to pursue your
dreams don't get comfortable guys I'm a
great example of that I have found
myself there's that there's a there's a
quote that I always thought was silly
and it's called comfort is the enemy
right how's it that's not true that's
not it is if you're true I'm not saying
like it's okay to be comfortable you
know I watch a movie cuddle up right
comfort in general if I need to film I
don't need to be comfortable I don't
need to be sitting in a super luxurious
beanbag or a couch or laying in bed
right comfort is the enemy
don't be so comfortable right I need my
leg I need my leg I always thought that
quote was ridiculous I never understood
it until recently I wasn't uploading at
all and it comes down to comfort your to
comfort and don't think of the word
comfort as being on a couch for being on
a beanbag
I mean comfort
and you don't have to film I don't have
to pursue oh you got you both taking my
legs Hey Oh No okay trapped it's a lot
different than me come you know
Cory you gotta help me
oh hey you don't get them can I have a
hug hug I don't know what you guys are
doing she's like where you get up I
can't but this can dude dude yeah
because we've been sitting I'm in sit
there organizing toys I was like I gotta
get up I gotta move
I can't sit here any longer mix line you
want to make a slime
how'd it I don't remember the exact you
know how to make it we made it before
you're just gonna get right into it huh
what do you mean what did you do
Lady Gaga go over here paint has been
all about making slaw I don't want to
make sure I want to make slime do it do
it don't do it
oh good ones good you got to do to do it
you like literally the collection of
stuff to put salt just like you can put
this in yeah I love you my wig liaise in
there you do you put that in your salon
you got the glue you did the glue you
did - so we got to double this recipe
add 1/2 tablespoon or is that teaspoon
teaspoon of baking soda so we needed to
double that so if you take two halves
what's two halves one half plus two 1/2
plus 1/2 equals what nailed it yeah
don't pick blah okay yeah I never
guessed this in a million years 1
tablespoon of contact lens solution like
the things you put your eyes you know
the contacts so we need one with double
recipe one plus one is what don't worry
about you are you sure mommy your belly
where's your belly
uh-uh where's your ear yeah where's your
nose honk where's your hair yeah girl
hey compared to the firt we were
watching like what the blogs were she
was born she had no hair
Leroy when I see her I'm like okay she
has a little Corgi mommy kiss good mommy
kiss can daddy have a kiss
oh what a little stinker what a little
stink bug okay contact solution and who
the instant just magic she turns right
into it I mean kind of users just get in
there with your hands just mash it what
would be like when you were growing up
right what was like your family
activities watch TV no I mean like what
you guys do is what do you guys do have
done did are gonna do as a family
what's some of the well you don't wanna
blow another one up yeah snuck some in
was this oh yeah dude I feel like a mad
scientist right now cry me a river now
did you know clean the counter Cora yeah
good job
oh no see it's so big guys be afraid of
it did we make it right I feel like it's
really really good he's got it he's got
it he's got it he's got it
you gotta work it you got it yes
you're glue man did we did it right I
don't know why you have molding around
down imagine being made out of glue cane
you have a plan they're on their own
mission now she's like and then what
also it's a glitter burrito letter bomb
I thought was gonna be cooler than that
yeah I thought I thought something like
crazy it was cool but I thought I was
like someone's gonna explode later in a
dark Theater later later
I remember Monopoly night in my house
nah Polly was something we played a lot
we were big movie watchers movie night
happened a lot I remember putting VHS
tape constantly after everyone those bad
boys GI Joes were big played tons of GI
Joes me and my brother of course oh my
dad played with us a lot like he he went
in Hot Wheels not so much GI Joes I
wouldn't say but my dad was the dad that
we'd go out in the backyard and dig with
spoons with us and like he was the dad
man like I try to be that I don't know
what do you guys do family times the
best so what do you do with it like what
do you how do you use the time you have
together I know now it's totally
different
maybe it's watching these videos maybe
it's maybe it's making slime
I'm sure movies is still popular for
families movies are always a good time
yeah so I don't know it this this is
probably most of what I do is not the
best ideas now I mean of course like you
seen our open little thing today and a
little mouse like yeah but I don't know
if at that age do you you'd know how to
be like is scared even an option like do
you know like if something is scary do
you know at that age to be scared of it
yeah like you have to be taught or to be
scared of right I don't know I got this
at the store today find out I can
probably like jump scare came but I just
want to see how poor area
she like waited see so you don't even
know how to be scared at that age you
didn't even know what fear is yet the
only way I think she would have reacted
right there is it you or us would have
reacted right no it's not that means
we're taught fear exhibit me if mommy
reacts listen okay she's in daddy's on
she knows there's nothing to worry about
look at dad that is creepy Canyon
it's mommy got is that her binky -
mommy's binky I'm trying to get it to
where I can blow what's too fresh Cory
you got a pretty mommy you got pretty
mommy sleep mommy is that you or you
don't put that mask back on
give me that binky ready all right pinky
pinky banky you guys want to say goodbye
for today Cora you wanna say bye-bye to
camera bye say bye bye say bye year say
bye it's Lea guys thank you so much for
joining us day three baby it feels so
actually I don't think you have any idea
how good it feels I see a lot of you
thanking us for filming each day but I
got
admit it feels good meant personally it
feels amazing to me that I'm doing it it
really does so thank you for being here
for those of you that have stuck around
and and and been beside us this whole
time thank you so much
hope you're feeling great hope you have
a wonderful day good morning good
evening good night whatever time it is
for you
I hope it's perfect I love you you're
beautiful
you're one of a kind smile
you
