guys welcome welcome to the vlog we are
out look at the kids out here doing
their trampoline thing we got almost
fully blue skies which is great because
I got I got I don't what you call should
I tell him I know what you're doing that
she's like don't start vlogging haven't
done my eyebrows but when I wasn't
watching she was about to take chocolate
I think do it do it do it make your
eyebrows edible you look beautiful
Britney's making a chocolate cake to her
dad which is just pulling in right now
and it's his birthday today so we got
him actually he didn't get it right here
if you watch our hot was why we went to
hot was they gifted him this like
collectors box oh he's gonna flip I know
he's gonna love that really so not only
is it Britney's dad's birthday but today
is a very special it's a big special day
for me Brett because we've been together
over eight years and I haven't been on a
date since I got only been with you but
tonight I have a date with Jupiter
that's right
I got a date with Jupiter tonight we're
going on a date we're going on no listen
all right so according to you I got a
thousand tweets about this according to
NASA according to to the outer space
tonight of all nights will be the
closest that Jupiter is to earth and
like forever and I don't think the next
one so like 13 months from now so long
story short tonight's the night to see
Jupiter at its closest at its finest at
the most beautiful time and we're
getting some clear skies it was
literally raining when I woke up a lot
of talking I talk a lot sometimes I pull
the camera I just start going I like you
did your eyebrows though I like the way
you did it natural natural
it's just Britt's natural state
but didn't put on eyebrows you know I
put mine on thank God
well you're getting older baby pretty
soon you won't have hair thank you all
right when's your actual birthday what's
the actual day Tuesday you think you
think you start forgetting your own
birthday Oh see she's keeping up space
stuff flash like anybody see me
anybody see me it's it's his birthday
no oh that's not gonna fit you anymore
baby stuff baby stuff everywhere she's
gonna take over this house
I feel like one month in it's just gonna
be the baby's house daddy's girl you
know she's daddy's girl I mean no fight
net worth gotta take her over what's
that say adorable love to smile happy
happy birthday that bag has never been
used before there's only 500 of them
boxes yeah no he's like no I didn't uses
yes where I'm at I'm the Hot Wheel car
okay so this is 72 out of 500 let's see
you look good on your wall I mean we got
to see these how many sets these are all
the 72 out of how many ever they've made
you like these things or what man
oh yeah Marlo
we were looking up like collector hot
wheels what what is this he has a
Ghostbuster hot weather he says like 99
bucks now right you paid a buck for it
I'm gonna have a hot yeah and then
Keynes is gonna open them all up man
Empire you won't be the third wheel
tonight flash you won't come on the date
Hey Dude what's up what's up man mister
jealous dude I can't pay anybody now I
don't have to mow my grass this year
he's just gonna take care of it
it's my new lawnmower right there man
your name could have been mower mower
would have been a great nickname today's
a great day it's beautiful it's sunny
we're hanging out couple people are
coming over and soon the moon might be
actually around here somewhere and then
Jupiter is down here somewhere
so right sunset it's gonna peak up oh
we're gonna see it we are gonna see it
I'm excited I'm pumped though is amazing
like it gets you guys seen my moon shot
most people didn't believe it is
unbelie-- I put it in the vlog just so
you would believe it it's a beast and
it's hard to move around so I'm gonna
start kind of you got to take it apart
some that's probably eventually what's
gonna keep me from getting it out it's
the fact that you have to take it apart
yeah I feel like that's the I sold this
wagon no they have like this wagon with
a handle wheels and the whole thing
permanently sits on that but yeah down
the steps would be top yeah this is not
gonna work for me it's just not gonna
work for me so I'm gonna take this thing
apart and take it outside put it out
there boom got it baby you got it oh
you're dropping stuff yeah oh really
are you putting it on the deck in the
yard you know where it's all nice and
muddy BRR it's cold I need a nice quiet
spot so I am gonna set this guy up in
the grass tonight now it's blurry it's
blurry the only issue is is it's soft
like the ground soft this is so much
weight I'm afraid like imagine this
thing tipping over on me oh yes you
better stop talking like that
some wood something stable this a nice
thick bo this from my RC tabletop
leftovers yeah baby job baby daddy's
coming to work daddy's coming over right
anybody knows I like to create a nice
safe environment from my dates late at
night I wish you guys could see her face
and I'm talking about this kind of stuff
she's like date night
I'll show you date night look you two
sent when you got me on your back what
is it you were last time you brought a
bag of sugar I just got to bring gifts I
feel like that's the thing to do and
today it's manga I thought those were
pomegranates
this is science right here look one two
three a stability chase what would I was
gonna pour some creep but I figure I
have time to temperature the weather the
wind you know this is gonna have to do
for now you think it's do you think it
would be balance do you think it's gonna
wobble on that I have some extra work
dad is here no let's see it come on man
this is a lot of buildup a lot of hype
oh you can do it you can do it mmm all
right now you gotta do the double we've
been really doing good at this stuff
I remember he's just trying to do one oh
I gotta get my lawn chair man this is
what seals the deal got a place to sit
what do you want me to do my stuff - I
got Chuck chases taking over well she's
hungry did she say you know what that
used to have brush but what you know
burgers steaks waiting for that Sun to
set it's gonna be beautiful tonight look
no clouds I'm not gonna like maybe I'm
just hitting that weird age where I'm
excited in my life for a clear sky dude
we need to have those little telescope
yeah the real skinny rut you could see
like the neighbors window or something
is that what you were doing is that what
you were - I was wondering
she did with yours cuz I was looking up
his face UFO dude that's a UFO
alright here's where we're at guys
here's the Moon Moon Jupiter is just
peeking off the horizons right there so
close all right it's time to I wish I
could take credit on the food but I
can't
chef Gilroy was in the house tonight and
thank you always does a good job and
we're gonna eat and then when engage the
outer space we're gonna see your bow
tonight you know I gotta I gotta say
something about this cuz I've never seen
it done is that what you're supposed to
do with the salsa it's genius it works
for me
I literally just like school mommy is
about to terrify Liza yeah where'd she
go
where'd she go spinner man hey you gotta
you gotta come get her come this way
come this way that's not what I do
can't wait to have a little girl happy
birthday birthday
alright guys the moment I personally
have been wait oh you can see Jupiter
right there
that bright light not the moon that is
Jupiter
so obviously the moon is super bright
tonight and I'll get some good photos of
that again but look how bright Jupiter
is that thing is four hundred and
fourteen million miles away if you were
driving 60 miles per hour
how long would it take to get to Jupiter
that's the math question for tonight
leave it in the comments I already know
just off top my head keeps bugging us so
it's really cold out right now so when
you put your face to it the glass fogs
up making it blur I think we should just
hook a camera up to it and get what we
get what up bro I've been thinking
there's been something missing tonight
yeah and it's you what this will welcome
any and he brings me a gift done up in a
book for you yes so far I got one so
maybe like 200 more pictures yeah I
found this in the trash and I figured
you'd like it so I was just explaining
that when you sent this text to invite
me over here you said this is going to
be an amazing night Jupiter's gonna be
huge the moon's gonna be phenomenal your
kids are gonna love it I mean what are
we doing nothing we're freezing
Mississippi and Jupiter and I invited
you guys on my date night I do the ice
though I knew you'd like that ice I mean
they're struggling I got I know I just
need some help the truth is you look
like a gorilla with a calculator yeah I
don't know what I'm doing all right I
don't know if you guys can see me can
you see me I'm gonna have to come up in
the light to talk there we go okay kind
of disappoint it's more of a personal
experience here's the issue my eyepiece
that we look through is magnified
tremendously the the piece that my
camera screws in has no magnification so
I can get a picture of Jupiter which I
have I'm kind of embarrassed to show you
guys but they do make and I don't even
know how to do it or what to buy but
they do make magnetic
magnifiers for my camera come on buddy
come on what you want to go they do make
magnifier
so I can shares with you but for now I'm
just it's kind of a personal experience
I feel bad okay this is me holding my
camera up to my viewfinder it is
absolutely horrible but that is Jupiter
and those are four moons that move
around Jupiter for all right guys it's
complicated all right it's complicated I
know I'm not an astronomer I thought I
thought I could pull this off I've been
out there all night trying to get these
shots it turns out Jupiter is pretty
tough one to get and I got to get a
magnifier I'm gonna try to order one
absolutely soon as possible apparently
Jupiter is gonna be very visible over
all of April so tonight it's like it's
supposed to be awesome
yeah so that's us how'd you bruise
monster someone's looking for Saturn is
it's like an inch and a half away so
here's what I got here is a quick little
video clip of what I did get up Jupiter
this is remember this is without any
magnification is literally just my
camera sitting on the scope this is
Jupiter no my friends is Jupiter the
best that I can give you on a camera
that's a zoomed in is I can get you on
my camera I did shoot and I don't know
if it's gonna work I shot 60 frame 4k
time lapse at the moon tonight to try to
save this disaster but I don't know if
4k is gonna mix with this this is just
normal 1080 so I don't know if you'll be
able to see it in 4k but here is the
moon time-lapse is beautiful
and episodes back here guys thanks for
hanging out on my my date night it was a
great date night I didn't go over as
well as I thought it would
I'm just gonna stay here stay at the
house come back and I got everything
packed up I love you guys thank you so
much we will see you tomorrow if you
have any advice for me oh the cool thing
is I got this thing all aligned it's all
aligned now so I push moon and go to the
moon I pushed Jupiter goes to Jupiter
and it tracks it so that's cool very fun
very cool stuff I'm sure I'll get better
at it and be able to share with you guys
what we're seeing it's beautiful stuff
and I absolutely love it we love you
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile mwah
thanks bill love you guys
you
