put it up pick a good time to start
daily vlogging guys I woke up all nice
swollen throat feeling like crap I'm on
what did I take what did it what did you
give me what was that you took a pill oh
wow I'm basically up at my best right
now we are I don't even know why I
started to hear what's up Jillian stop
jump cut Julian in the house we're
looking for uh we've been looking for
like motion I do not explain it I told
chases like let's make plot you know we
do photos on our website but product
video video for each product instead of
a photo right go to smile more store
it's like it's you just see a picture
but what if we get moving picture it's
like a moving as video in your life like
like almost like 60 pictures every
second when you see it you're like oh
where do I go I gotta get this welcome
to today's video guys I have no idea
what we're doing we're working right now
we're trying to create we're trying to
be productive we're working on product
stuff for the store it's bright out here
okay most Brit it's not in a overly
powered bright room where's everybody at
oh they're never coming back
oh I check on my fam whoa this is nice
it's been a long time since we had a day
two video guys feels weird
it is day two like we're filming again
it's strange welcome I do feel like crap
I woke up and I was like holy crap I
can't even film I feel so bad I spent
like three hours I soaked in a hot bath
with salt like poured tons of like this
bath salts in there we finish we finish
where's my family's breath coarsely you
know what put bells on all you guys you
can find everybody so what's you're
building today
what are you lucky enough to build oh
that's classic move what Eliza
help you do bars I hope you spit some
bars go girls
oh man everyone's dogging the girls
today where's my wife
where's my wife whoa actually is uh pair
tux what are you doing
Kane you see your cat dude your cat is
all the way up here dead serious I don't
know yepper your cat's gone crazy he
literally was just up there dude I can't
make that up
where's my wife Emily where's my wife is
she hiding where sure there's another
cat oh these nears oh she's in here huh
she's in one of these what's going on
down here
what is this mayhem ma'am ma'am this is
cool there's two of you I like that this
is vacation summer stop it's like all my
cover-ups undresses oh this is way too
organization shorts and what what suits
shirts
what shirts and all my flip-flops and
like summer shoes will go down they're
amazing hug me love me I need I need
affection and comfort and pillows and
blankies big baby today did you hear me
waking up all night like hack in no wait
I know I can hear you try to find your
cat your tux was no tux how do you get
up there duh what are you doing
does this Noah's Ark there's no Noah's
Ark up in the house
what happened I knocked the angel off
the boat go on it I did yeah I knocked
her off the boat what we need is a pool
of water to put your boat in and you can
hear me it's candy
doughnuts I got doughnuts oh I got him
come here now you got you got cobwebs
and stuff all over you bro so we got my
candle tripod right here on lens don't
even open right um eat some chicken
noodle sit with my boy what is your
favorite thing when you're sick your
favorite thing to do when you're sick
watch movies snuggle on the couch let me
see what your favorite thing to do when
you're sick
hey bein sick dude you know what's even
crazier is like I've been sick sick
forever and I wouldn't consider this
sick sick but I'm definitely playing it
off I feel way worse than I'm acting all
popsicles oh my gosh on my throat right
now that would be good burn so good I
hope you guys aren't sick I hope you're
feeling great I hope you're taking on
your day if you're waking up feeling
amazing or going to bed feeling great
man have a great dream I hope you
enjoyed the announcement yesterday that
we're uploading daily gonna attempt that
no no what about one about oh you want
to tell them what if they're just laying
in bed or watching you right now
if you're going to bed soon gonna get
nice that's nice
goodnight my goal guys is just upload
something just you know what we're doing
we're doing in our life like we used to
do hi baby
dude I yeah I know
yeah pours out no I was using as a
tripod you can't run your phone
snuggle snuggle time your camera lenses
aren't I always like super super lovey
yeah I'm so snuggly all I want to do is
snuggle I know
imagine day two I just suck her it's
just my excuse it's it's just Mike sorry
end of daily vlogs
goodbye we made it day one what vlog is
on there what is that you guys thought I
was kidding when I said our vlogs are
always on this why it's her married we
got married birds eggs here
what's the plan here what's what it was
this what's the point for this you're
gonna replace that that that's a plan
here Britt
so Britt's been doing her live streams
on Twitch and chases convinced that
she's like Hughes lighting is it really
gonna make a difference
what's gonna make all the difference
okay you need to perform have you seen
all right and yeah just color me color
life you just put color look on the wall
you gotta recover I know but we're like
yeah just in that mood today dude maybe
I maybe I'm just maybe it's going great
doing awesome it's feeling great let's
make it fun you know it's that Britney
Britney smiles twitch stream live for
what time you gonna live today are you
playing color Diddy for tonight guys
this is this is what you've been missing
like when you guys like why am i
uploaded this is oh it's nice smallest
distance between two people is a smile
like such a bummed like literally I'm
like when I turn the camera off I'm like
I feel what am I thinking that I feel
I've built a positive and by built a
relationship with you guys about always
being positive so when I'm live negative
I'm human I'm negative too sometimes but
when I am I don't wanna I don't want to
tell you guys that because I built this
environment of fun positivity I don't
want to put anything on you that might
bring you down so I
like it's so silly I don't feel good I
should just not feel good yeah they're
so rest yeah trust I just started daily
vlogging again there's no I already did
alright yeah I already took do that hot
no it's so cold dude listen to me
what you need to sweat it out I said
I've never been in there that is true
I've never understood the whole sauna
thing I did it Finland I don't it also
you can split off did you know detox so
we don't really help like I just closed
my eyes and I have an hour
are you serious and our priests I mean
oh I'll try anything right now cuz I got
them cold chills and myself anything hot
so hot tub sounds good to know why is it
cold
so getting out the hot tub though not as
140 degrees no it's not yeah that's
right it up to
all right show me let's go let's do it
Court might be awake - oh I'm shaking
against Korra and I'm sorry guys I want
it I don't want to feel free to have fun
with you sit apologize everyone gets
sick it happens maybe with some filming
right do some filming sparkling water
for my 32 cody season back in business
no this building hasn't been this clean
I know how to do something in here like
go-karts or something our seas dragon
how sweet go oh there's our little whiny
but nice good job give me five hey you
want hey look hey Cora you wanna say hi
yeah Cora hey what say hi to everybody
you're always asleep when I'm vlogging
say hi she has no interest right now
should push her in the basket came t say
hi so I'm not doing what you want me to
do for camera dad I'm not gonna be what
I'm going to be one of your puppets okay
so I whoa I thought that was so weird
I thought you were talking to somebody
we were looking in the mirror I've
actually never how long have we had this
how long have you had this on it's been
a while I feel like I've never been in
it other than to just sit in it takes a
lotta heat up usually so right now yeah
86 now it can't be 86 no can't be
where's the heat come from my present
coming out of how long do you sit here
Oh usually when I get in it's hard to
heat it up so muslim' forty 140 how long
do you stay in it and so you can't be in
that very long yeah okay I feel it I'm
gonna lose the study for fast when it
comes up okay well this might actually
help me hopefully what do you know
oh nice whoo that happens fast holy cow
if you want your shirt off cause it's
just gonna stick - yeah but you probably
want my shirt off I mean maybe it's like
um it's just a dry heat
no it kind of feels it kind of feels
like when you're sick and you have like
a temperature a temperature yeah I don't
know maybe because I actually do have
temperature I'm sick that's why I'm
feeling that like so weird and you're
it's so blue so as we this thing which
is heating up fast it's definitely hot
20 minutes I feel like I can even be in
here 20 minutes total it's like kind of
cooking um how you feel about from
working - I'm like we're gonna upload
yes we really are like my mind like
maybe it's because I took such a break
that I'm like ready to pound into this I
don't know like I'm I'm mentally there
like for a moment it felt so good to not
be on camera it felt so good to like
play with the kids off-camera it feels
so good to like just live life off
camera but now actually just bring them
no matter what we're doing yeah I think
the pressure was not like at that moment
in my head it was all pressure it was
all like oh god it's not entertaining
enough for oh god they're not gonna like
that or we're gonna upset somebody I
think now is we're focused on like it's
not worry about making great content
let's cover the family let's show the
kids and like so we can just watch us
that's it I want all the memories that
we have of cane beans a little of Korus
yeah yeah and of course naturally you
don't want to entertain you guys but I'm
not I'm gonna try to let it control my
mind like I'm gonna lie it was
controlling my mind like I didn't feel
very stable but towards the end of my
daily vlogs I was like dude I started go
crazy a little bit like yeah that is
that actual temperature wasn't 86 in
years 89
now it's only 89 yeah can you even
breathe and I'm 40 it's hard honestly
it's really hard to breathe in here yeah
like I literally usually just come in
and like set my phone for 15 minutes my
phone starts to like overheat this is a
weird thing to film also because you
guys can't obviously feel temperature um
so it's just us complaining about how
hot something is I'll try not to but I'm
already yeah I can already feel myself
like saturated it takes a long time for
me to sweat usually shannon is in here
like dripping and I'm like just breaking
a sweat
so weird all different people I'm not a
sweater never not been play no matter
what it was sports basketball whatever I
know it does also have to do with
hydration
she's so hydrated she literally drinks
on hundred and some ounces of water
every day where we don't probably drink
this I'm being sticky I'm guessing
he did uh-huh yeah yeah but if it
actually feels really good for me right
now and I'll sweat out these toxins what
are you supposed to sweat off cold fever
yeah yeah if you actually have a few
like people say like eat um hot peppers
and stuff so you sweat yeah I don't
think I have a fever though it's hot
look it's so hot in here look there's a
little you behind you behind you your
dance
look at yourself into a dance okay we
are at 102 Bear and I climb into 140 I
don't know when it's 102 outside it
feels not as hot as this so yesterday I
touched on I touched on some of the some
of the things that I said was like um
you know worried about showing you guys
things that brands won't like or showing
you guys I was kind of trapped in this
world of like well if I do that then
maybe these brands won't pay me endorse
if we're not doing that anymore I really
want to show you guys I got a really
crazy story for you that I'm going to
share with you maybe tomorrow's vlog
maybe maybe today not tomorrow's vlog I
think it's kind of mind-blowing and it's
just going to show you the level of like
pressure that that we
we're in as big vloggers you'd be
surprised how many people behind the
scenes are kind of controlling what you
do even even when you think you're in
control they're right there to make sure
you're not doing specific things and I
want to really just dig into that with
you guys I'm gonna share all of it with
you I think it's really important so
that you understand why I didn't do a
lot of things and why I'm really focused
on doing what I want to do on my own
channel right there's a there's a lot
cane I can barely see you now look holy
cow I'm cooking what trying to be
serious enough son alright so yeah like
some really cool like deep stories some
really things that you probably won't
hear other youtubers talk about I'm
gonna share with you guys so it's part
of the journey flatten it out I'm
dripping gain I'm dripping yeah dude I'm
sweating hard well I mean I'm tough gain
don't listen to mommy all right
it's only is that 120 I'm just yeah yeah
hello I gotta get out can I open the
door open the door for dick oh oh I
don't know if I'm healthy enough to be
in that who climb in there feel it
ooh I'm like what the basement stinks
all right I'm gonna take Kane out do a
couple fun little things with my boy
pora she better not be getting like
she's looking like me right now mm-hmm
all right Kane wants to do something he
go crazy man I will follow you I will
follow you other than the temperature is
beautiful outside man I hope you guys
are having an awesome day I don't want
me just sitting here talking on camera
all the time but I'm excited to be back
and I got a lot of my mind I think
that's the issue it's been weeks
build-up and I got a lot on my mind I
want to get out oh we want to go my
girls you get the big truck oh we go in
here we all the space dude the most
important part of this new chapter is
family it always has been it always will
be but I want it to be just the focus
and that's it I really do that's the
focus here Kane wants to I don't know if
you guys remember Kane used to build a
ride on one of my RC cars we were
watching old blog him doing that and he
was like I want to do that so we're
gonna get one when I hear our C
collection is definitely grown um it's a
ridiculous amount of our C's and that
guy no race or AC sorry
oh yeah oh yeah hey don't lay on it
just look out I've never done it with
these tires oh jeez you got a lot more
up here it's not gonna break you can
take it
yeah member what you like laid you like
laid up here with your chest and put
your elbows on the hood nothing I'm
doing this take her outside take her
outside the Mike's three still so muddy
from burying it in the river
I don't know if you guys do follow me on
Instagram I did a story where Brian and
I both got our extras buried in the
river I mean like legit stuck in the
river underwater and uh yeah she's still
pretty dirty from that you ready flash
go get it go get it you can't catch it
go get it flush get it oh yeah all right
you have no chance you have no chance
good good I can get it guys literally so
when I when I drive our C's in the vlog
I'm usually like this and I use my thumb
to steer and it's really difficult get
it flush your own it that's a good idea
some mud tires on a Caterpillar's dude
these guys are awesome why don't me
sting me peel me got some caterpillars
caterpillars dipping peanut butter
they're delicious
you ready live stream he's got you doing
it you let me do it with you let me do
it with you Britt gets her stream set up
in here and then I play with her my
computer in here about a being better
boom right there I won't show you guys
this picture it's super important this
relates to me so much right now I need
to show it to you never quit your dream
job imagine you've been gifted the
ability to have your dream job imagine
don''t you've got your dream job never
quit those opportunities don't really
come around much if you get it don't
quit it so this this is a I love this
I'm hang it up we all need reminders man
about all kinds of stuff
you always need it just reminder a minor
minor in your face in your face in your
face writing down hang them up on walls
take a piece of paper with a marker and
write what that message is that you want
to hear and see every day put it right
at your bedroom door right at your right
before you walk out of your house put it
right there a nice affirmation positive
message something that you need to hear
you'd be surprised
are you lying a lie
so what's up say what's up
well there it is down there somewhere
all right I'm getting on my computer's
like a kiss
it's what's next it's the best hi I'm
loading my computer up dude I think it's
the most adorable thing like so cute a
Brit like live-streaming now like
alright you know I started the
livestream stuff and then Brit like
really enjoys it like she's like she's
like luxury tonight at my rent she just
she's so excited and ready to it so I
jump in play with her hang out and I
just play on her streams now like I
haven't streamed for a while I just jump
in with her it's Barney
I don't know floor laid back for me
where she gets to do all the
entertaining and I get to just play
video games so yeah look how cute she is
look at her and they're just chattering
away hey this is my stream this is my
stream that's pretty sunset pretty music
you would need a nice big blankie oh are
you gonna get on the roof
Oh warping past about what hour and a
half two hours was that side holy crap
it's like the world's on fire I started
crashing so hard guys I told browsing
I'm literally sometimes after the stream
we keep playing but I'm just going in
and getting on the couch off the coral
wants to cuddle up yeah that's beautiful
man that is perfect
no no she acts like she's ready yeah
daddy hi
gonna have to ask for a little
forgiveness from you guys today man I am
I'm not able to hold it together much
longer I think I'm gonna end this pretty
soon baby girl
let me say hi yeah that yesterday it was
one of my favorite clips of all time if
you watch yesterday's vlog when I said
give me that pinky she gave me her
Mickey and I said say hi and she just
said hi right - no she's never said hi
ever no I did you like it 35 minute vlog
I love you guys
I'm um my best friends huh me five no I
said give me five don't take the remote
give me five
here you watch a new movie daddy I guess
it could be could be ca ne it could be
ka NE it could be it could be pay it
could be PA I am the power of these
cartoons ready are we ready let's see if
she starts dancing here we go you and
dance Cora yeah girl get it yeah she
ready to go hit the club girl come say
goodbye with me for today just for today
it feels weird right say see you later
Cora you wanna say bye you wanna say bye
you know blow kiss ah this is the day of
getting zero out of Cora she is that's
her world baby I love you guys so much
thanks for hanging out with us thanks
for being a part of literally our day
struggle I struggled hard today
I feel so bad coming back to filming
like this I hate it but what did I say
I'm not gonna worry about that we're
just gonna keep rockin baby tomorrow's a
whole new day for all of us hope you
have a wonderful wonderful what what you
got
hey dude I feel soap my bones hurt you
need to let let me chew on this couch
for like two hours
No thank you guys for being here so much
they love the sport and sharing the
vlogs
we love you here's the family my family
to yours we'll see you tomorrow
beautiful one-of-a-kind smile
you
