look at this oh my gosh it's beautiful
welcome to the vlog guys hope you are
having a wonderful day we are just
getting our started like yesterday I
skipped all that how long have I been
gone - it's been a long day
skipping past the meetings getting right
to just us together as a family and we
are headed to do actually something fun
today something adventurous something
exciting you ready to see some crazy
cards dude these are like next-level we
are going to see ah I can't get over
this I just that's in our driveway look
like that one day maybe just maybe so
now that we're done with everything and
we can get this vlog started have some
fun together we are out we're going to
meet up with Yuka he's got these crazy
carts that go like 0 to 60 in 2.5
seconds
let's just go I don't want to like say
anything else cuz I don't even truly
know what all is gonna happen we are
getting on the dreaded oh we're not
going on 4 or 5 oh they're both gonna
probably be bad right now it's terrible
timing
and this is what I was talking about
look at all those human beings oh my
gosh wonder what like the inventor of
the automobile would say if he would
just like was born right now and he just
saw all these baby yeah
like can you imagine like what he would
think what his what his invention came
to traffic
laughs just so you guys know as a family
Kane for your for your safety you don't
typically walk down an alley towards
Yuka like this this is never okay unless
you write me slide daddy and never do
this I just the rest of your life never
ever what's up baby
just a code oh good to see you man
it's a code race these little bees tears
he's excited little tricky because it's
kind of right here in there on the
concrete well from here you can go from
zero to hundred oh it's kind of slippery
there let's just explain it to my boy
that you don't walk down an alley
towards Yuka ever I wouldn't do that
ever ever good look at this thing sup
guys meet you oh wow okay first question
I got asked how do I get one you build
these that is amazing I'd look at all
these skid marks that was him something
like you get like drift you can like to
spin it you can you can take it around
like me oh well he probably could well I
think you can this is the last time you
drove it
yeah oh I don't know I can try to drift
around you yeah yeah good idea
hungry King you hungry tons of bananas
buddy look at this can you play that you
played Mario Cart
Oh Nintendo right
so you want to see if the bananas would
make you slip how many bananas it takes
to make you sleep I think you keep it I
think that's what happens in real life
now you only have 398 yeah we do the
skin that's the important part
that's the slippery part right I'm
generally interested in seeing if when
you just pile this up and you drive over
cheers dude cheers - what's with this
trip in bananas dude I got picked up in
a banana now we've got 300 bananas all
right so the goal is obviously to have
some fun today with this crazy thing
he's gonna start up test this thing out
show us what this thing can do actually
a little nervous I don't know not ready
this is gonna be awesome dude
it like warms up I need one I need one
we need
I was he coming down is this rocket here
he comes here he comes
y'all get the bananas get the bananas
Wow
all my other speedo
are you serious
police are gonna be here
and he just barks it just like that you
know there's people everywhere like
everywhere by the way first time ever I
need a hand Stein that was sick oh I can
just safely say this the police are
gonna be here like this they're coming
probably right now it's so loud there's
people everywhere like there's people
filming through the fences there's only
been a minute really you obviously made
it look easy but Luke is gonna show me
because I feel like anybody's gonna do
any damage to the car look at his helmet
that used to be one piece he's gonna
show me how to do this and then on the
hop in and really show you how to do it
alright alright a to kiss turn he's
gonna do it and then I'm gonna try to
hop in here and see if I can drive it I
think just driving it would be a first
good start for me
Oh
yeah
you look easy Paul man what's he doing
what's he doing he stepped he's down my
god
you don't want to do it daddy's gonna
try this and it will take a ride okay
cool you want to do it with me oh yeah
all right let me let me let me figure it
out and I'm coming back for you
the tie displays we take it those with
Roman who were used to pushing limits
with the best possible machine that is
true I feel like we have kind of habit
of doing the worst things together so
you did really good
Congrats good luck first thing probably
teach me how to start it you don't want
to use my lucky helmet you're lucky it
might actually be lucky after looking at
it here goes Roman Sun wiser than
everything I'm just telling you out of
all the place and everything we've done
with Roman we pushed the limits from
flipping a car to its roof to all the
other surroundings we've done either in
Finland or high or in LA and now a tiny
parking lot slippery ground golf tires
by the way on the cross car a 750
horsepower oh my God look at what I'm
looking at here guys this is like a this
is a bad machine man what is it that
they always say how do you drive maximum
attack you heard that so first gear down
the first gear up first gear up just
gear up I raced up the gears down the
clutch he's got this he's a good driver
I didn't I didn't even touch the
handbrake
I was just more busy on the gas so you
weren't using am brake at all no never
touched it it's in their gene pool yeah
yeah
Wow
that doesn't count the but the power in
it when you just hit it it takes us so
much fun I'm not even like giving it the
power
go
you're starting to get worked out
Kabbalah then even start
yeah that was under control
this is always when you start getting
comfortable with it and then you
surprise is the problem you get
instantly confident and the power is
just so much dude good job on this thing
it's just beautiful to watch man briefed
imagine oh I knew you're a good driver
about the way you took it around Wow
imagine an hour with that thing yeah you
would get good with it and understand it
I never came out of first gear there's
six gears you could fly to probably the
moon faster than NASA that thing is
unbelievable
disqualified disqualified oh Jesus
I don't know I had an idea I was gonna
like run in it's nothing
get it get it the entertainment at five
minutes
I want to do it I can't believe that I
can't believe my god you're good we had
to try sometimes we got okay now you're
gonna hit me for real you all right I
think that's a good point like you would
totally hopped out of the car so I can
continue the race well maybe I got one
of you I will feel accomplished if I
even got one person I get Rome we got
hit you need to see I got cane just in
case you thought
just in case you thought you were having
a bad day yeah this is gonna be our last
mission of the day probably the greatest
mission of the day I'm going to attempt
to ride on the side donut man handstand
man yeah all at once I feel like I got
the easiest job all I got to do is hold
on
all you got to do is stand up and all
you got to do is a doughnut it's the
hold stand donut competition hey you
have to film for me I'm gonna ride on
the side of the car he's gonna do a
handstand it's safe they do it all the
time
he's gonna hit me and we're all gonna
end up in one big and then our April
Fool's turns into a real nobody'll
believe it no matter how hurt you get
it'll be April Fool's there's the cops
driving by
I guess
you gotta get us a noise complaint is
what he's gonna shit that's pretty cool
dude that's awesome
alright so we've been ratted out boys
we've been ratted out what's up guys how
you doing this is your area did you guys
hear this thing yeah are you the ones
that call the cops cuz the cops can be
honest man I know you called the cops
you can't sleep in the car you can't you
have to come out
stop thanks so much for today man I
needed this that rush that thrill you
know what the next thing is race two of
them me and you alright I'll see you
tomorrow buddy some machine congrats on
it thanks buddy nice meeting ya
thanks for the lot sorry about the cops
yoga you have to get out you can't drive
on the street peace ah that was so much
fun guys wow what a cool machine I
needed that today I really did
yo yeah for sure no it's I mean you
could drive it at your face you could
literally just do circles if you want
awesome after being in these offices a
bunch we found actually Britt looked up
there's an Outback Steakhouse mirror so
we are going there and I figured right
now is the perfect time to personally
thank each and every single one of you
because today the channel we together as
a group hit 12 million subscribers on
this channel thank you guys so so much I
think you every day for everything but
we hit these milestones and it's just
it's so crazy to me that we even get to
these points so thank you so much from
the bottom of my heart we are just stuff
we're gonna eat as much steak as
possible in your name tonight we're just
so happy guys thank you so much we're so
I say this too we're blessed to
happen.you our life is completely
different with you so thank you for that
let's get out how the worst news are how
long to wait so we're going to go in
arches okay maybe we're not eating it
out back they're busy they're too busy
for us baby
keep dreaming little buddy keep dreaming
all right we found a quick spot to eat
we have actually already eaten a little
steak left local table else she's got
apples with caramel after that's
desserts like healthy and it's not
healthy it's all mixed up
so we're do it we're gonna we're gonna
work past this and get to the next spot
little baby head is that your new song I
love you and that's gonna do it for our
vlog guys thank you so much for
everything another 12 million subs is
pretty cool too it ain't wrong thank you
guys so much for hanging out with us I
can't wait to get back to Ohio and get
back into our routine and just being
home I got a telescope waiting I just
I'm excited to get home that all being
said that's gonna do it for today I'm
doing the absolute best I can with the
time I have here it's literally how I
not explain it but at least Tomas the
weekends so no more meetings at least
through Saturday and Sunday and we'll
get on track I love you guys thanks for
everything
your beautiful one-of-a-kind smile
you
