hey guys welcome to the vlog
welcome back hope you are having a
wonderful day hope you're feeling good
and I hope you're ready to set aside any
problems you might be having for the
next 10 15 maybe 20 minutes I don't know
forgive me today started with our RC
table track that is really falling apart
Kane's gonna reconstruct it remove the
dirt put in the bucket basically the
clay has just dried up and turned into I
mean it looks hurt look at it look at
that
I told Kane earlier I said what if we
tarp it fill it with water and have a
boat trap like a little RC boat ride you
like that idea better yeah did it get it
I officially think he's had more fun
tearing apart the track than actually
playing on the tracks this may be the
highlight of the whole thing right here
hey flash welcome back
you know donkeys gonna yell at you for
coming in look he's already looking for
you flash look Empire no he wants you he
wants to play what up dude you looking
for flash flash why you get so jealous
everybody loves you I'm just gonna come
with me let's see if donkey yells at him
gain there's a donkey in our driveway
dude are you having fun with this dude
this is funded everybody likes dirt I
like like planning the reason I didn't
make a carpet truck which probably would
have lasted long there it's just fun I'm
like I want to play in dirt I want to
build with dirt I want to take apart
dirt and destroy dirt it didn't take
long before flash came back out with
Empire guys crack me up dude get him get
him it's a butter knife the best thing
we got whoa it's really in there huh we
need a jackhammer
if only this was chocolate fudge just
the peanut butter fudge mmm good one
bucket full dude how many buckets did I
bring in here can you remember I wonder
if it's gonna be more or less oh geez
look come on a bar let's go dude it is
absolutely beautiful out guys can't talk
crap about Ohio right now Phil they're
back up oh my gosh it's exactly exactly
- like literally against each piece look
okay keep going Oh okay guys for real
something very exciting I've been
waiting for absolutely months for this
is finally arriving right now it's
pulling up a lot of you guys might like
this a lot of you could care less it's
just something I'm really excited about
so it's it's pulling up I'm going to
show you what it is
here it comes dude must be strapped
there is no strap it looks like there
used to be I am friggin excited about
this guys I got to present this though I
can't just show you I gotta like present
this is a big deal for me so I'm gonna
like do it just right and have a phone
call I'm like fine I've already been on
the phone call so much today without
being it on the floor without putting it
in the book it's so tricky to vlog and
do business it's crazy crazy where'd you
come from
I just appear I just are you oh yes how
many I've got over 500 500 my god we
told you guys her birthday was coming up
she opened a p.o box wreaths and
birthday cards thank you so much so
you're gonna be reading forever I've
been I'm sit down and read everyone I've
got so far are you gonna reply to any I
might pressures on
is on I can give you a stack of smile
more stuff you can put in the mem blows
yeah maybe my box came my shipment has
arrived
what is that honey my stuff came you
don't even the big box like I said I'm
really excited about this that's right
yeah what's in the big box it's six
thousand hair combs for you with Roman
and Brittany down Oh and Kane they ought
to be glad you're there grandma of
course we're glad are you kidding me
just as long as it's for comedy you'd
get away with anything right it's like I
can I can say anything and just say to
each other is the prank Robbie in their
blogs more you're not in as much as you
used to be I said that's true
what do you mean point the camera time
now this used to just be fun grandma no
now we're fighting for cameras ah yeah
how about I just give you a camera you
vlog for a whole day could you do it see
see you don't want to put in the work
but you want the camera time biking
changing the club right now now off to
some meetings and I'm gonna do my phone
calls while I Drive to kind of cut some
time out I am running down trying to do
a couple things that have to be done and
off-camera stuff things I'm working on
I'm always working on something
Brittany and her mom are going out we're
having dinner tonight with Carl in the
team that's gonna help us with a whole
bunch of other stuff so they're gonna go
out take a camera hopefully alleviate
alleviate alleviate so you guys what
they're doing off so I'm gonna pass it
on to Britt and then I'll be back what's
going on in here
oh we kind of opened the thing and it
went poof
okay so my mom and I are going to get a
grill today it's grill
I got ramen I think one of his birthdays
probably three years ago it just doesn't
work it's like on fire every time you
use it so literally everything you cook
is like charred or like really gross so
yeah we are going to get a new grill
today and for tapas mom all you need a
new grill
Mikey a grill okay help hey are you guys
here to tell me bye oh he's going up the
ramp Empire
we found this vibe I think this is the
one minute see if they let us have it it
seems very simple it's like push start
on/off medium high low that's it simple
is easier score we got the floor model
and we got the one I wanted they're
literally just gonna load it up now and
we're gonna take it home it's not easy
Empire literally just came to my door
hey buddy I'm back come here we'll go
for a ride high flashy high ha ha and
just like that we're back guys it's
weird cuz I don't get to see Brittany's
footage until I face weird the whole
thing is just weird
hope she did good give her some love for
filling and when I just have weird crap
to do she's always there to be like no I
can help out so thumbs up for her I'm
heading home we're gonna have dinner
with Carl Tam the baby it should be just
a nice fun hangout the laid-back and
just some real light I'm trying my best
to just film real for you guys I know a
lot of you really really enjoy that it
just feels more authentic but I'm not
trying to entertain you as much there's
a lot of me that loves yes I love to
entertain you like a big part of me is
like oh I'm what am I gonna do today to
just make them happy you know so try it
harder to do both and
the last few days that I've been just
our life exactly what we're doing so
thank you for being a part of that so
let's go home and dude I want to open
this box I got today I'm so excited
about the police not gonna happen till
tomorrow super super heavy I need like a
crew of people to bring it in this is
the funniest thing are you kidding me
yeah you better walk away he was
standing in the middle of the job a dude
he wouldn't move he's turned like a dog
like where he comes to he waits for you
like oh sweet
that looks wait it was pre-built oh
that's perfect
we're paying 10 more per second out with
the old in with the new just wrap it up
is it heavy uh it's only like six seven
hundred pounds so I got this all right
it's the first grill of the season the
grill works which is awesome there we go
I got the chicken I'm gonna put some
fresh dates on boom
I never belong with my left hand it
feels so weird to be holding my hair
cane you want to vlog for me there you
go take that for me you do your the vlog
oh you didn't make it your guys's a
smaller bag she's mine dents in them
it's from Kane man
fun in the smile more story ready see ya
okay so on my way home tonight I I've
vlog to you guys about I'm at a popsicle
for ever by the way this thing is
amazing I talked to you guys about
trying to vlog my real life like I I'm
trying better to blog what actually is
happening and I just skipped almost
everything
Colin Tam is already gone we uh we
really just talked thing talk so about
so so hot and then we talked what yeah
they got jokes on them what did oh I
gotta eat the whole popsicle to see it
why did the inches obey the yardstick I
feel like not telling you you read it he
was their ruler Oh eat that eat that eat
it it's gonna fall dude what did the
hamburgers name their daughter patty get
it hamburger patty no okay so here's
what I'm saying to you guys be careful
with mommy she's got a little human in
her belly buddy
we love you guys uh thanks for hanging
out today so sorry about the dude I even
get to open the box today I gotta find a
crew to bring in we love you guys so so
much thank you for everything thanks for
hanging out on the boring days thank you
for everything we will see you tomorrow
try to get back on track we're uploading
pretty steady and that's it I'll see you
tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
you
