welcome to the blog guys how the heck
are you we are at Brittany's of what was
once every two weeks every once I'm Way
off I don't look at the stain on my
shirt what did you drop it's like a
table now when you drop the vlog guys
hope you're having a great day wherever
it needs just check up right now and
that's where our day starting it's
beautiful it's almost nice out this is
something you don't see much in my vlogs
and that's sunshine
you see that right there that's Ohio
sunshine thanks for coming with me I
know you could just stayed in bed play
video games hung out but you came hey
Kane do you know what these are
those are ebooks iPads dude now I used
to play because I usually do this by
myself came do it I know it's a baby toy
but it's really fun it's fun you don't
want to do it mr. grown-up all
professional watch daddy do it which way
is it gonna go it's going red going
orange look look at that influence
daddy's influence
look at that Go Go oh yours what yellow
honey how far are 26 weeks right you're
26 and you're 26 26 weeks 26 that's
crazy this is our baby right now
26 weeks oh you were worried she wasn't
gonna have hair look how much do you
weigh 120 pounds no you do not dude this
is our baby right now keep them there
how's it fit I mean I guess I can see
outfits it doesn't sit like that no it's
supposed to like this and really hold
the baby hold her hold her if it don't
hit the bit you're gonna punch the baby
oh so what are we doing your doctor
fundal height so anything within a few
centimeters of how many weeks you are
perfect when it comes to pregnancy
perfect is the word you want to hear
like is scary stuff won't come here for
extraterrestrial life is that the Herbie
okay well all went well which is so good
pretty sees the longest wait of your
life I promise you when you go through
this if you go through this it takes
forever is it a baby I love me like two
years per elephant like a two year birth
or this is only nine months something
you feel that that vitamin D sunshine
you know rare this is right now don't
know it's like look at that I want you
guys get a good look remember that
you only yaw when I feel like it's like
a shoot sleepy sleepy dust guys we're
headed home right now and then I'm gonna
jump in my car and head out take Noah to
lunch and
I just I feel good today I'm so excited
about warm weather like it's coming it
can't be cold much longer it's March
well flashing Empire living the dream
look at these guys it's just so funny to
see it like just see him he's coming in
for the green he's coming in for the
greeting his he muddy yeah
oh he's always dirty see I said so many
of you guys sending these incredible
ideas what to do with this table and
somebody said like actually sanded out a
bunch of people said sand it out finish
it and put a sheet of glass on top so
you can actually use it as a real she's
taking her uh uh no imagine using it as
a real nice table but inside is a
racetrack I actually thought it was a
great idea however your car flips all
the time so if there's glass on top how
would you get the car out well you have
I cut holes in the table so you can
reach in and our clay is cracking like
crazy look at that this is the crack
track the check crack track do you need
to race me boy you need to race me boy
all right guys get me old dust bunny out
look at dirty this thing is it's always
dirty going to get Noah to go oh my gosh
Brittany definitely drove this last look
how far the seat is up I can't even get
any oh the world's slowest feet
yesterday Noah text me says yo do you
want to have lunch tomorrow I was like
yeah
Suns getting older man Noah dude like
when you're getting up when you're
getting a lunch offer from your son
that's how you know he's aging man when
you're getting like hey Dad you wanna
have lunch tomorrow that's like I feel
like I'm talking to an adult he's 12
we got a slow time down man he's not
waiting for it is not I always said this
time does not give a crap about you and
when you have kids that's when you
really see it because you watch them
grow so fast right in front of your eye
and it's like you haven't changed you
feel like you stay the same but your
kids keep growing even though you are
changing it just it doesn't feel like
this when you have kids you really
really really hit you it sucks
I want my little kids to be little but
it is awesome it's awesome getting to do
cooler things with the kids as they grow
up and you know being a dad it's like
the highlight of my entire life like
forget everything else you guys probably
see me successful in other ways and it's
YouTube or whatever it is the real
success in my life is my family and my
children and like that is where my might
my heart passion really is so to be able
to go pick up and squeaky brakes again
to go pick up my son for lunch is such
an honor and the fact that you know you
can watch that lunch with you even
better you guys always ask where does
know when he's not with you I want to
show there is right there he is just
normal pickup spot hey what's up dude
you just hanging out on the runway I
don't know when we pick up hitchhikers
but uh what's up dude good to see you
man I was just telling everybody people
asked like where's know when he's not
with you so it was nice to show him
just kind of where hangs up yeah that's
very sleeps all your couch is the tire
is it the I can't tell if that's yeah
right there
oh nice
okay do you bring your wallet cause you
know when you invite somebody to lunch
it's hurting you don't have toys but
it's courtesy to buy that person lunch
so did you bring your wallet we gotta go
back in the woods so this probably not
because you're 12 but you asked me to
come to lunch made my whole week dude
like it really did man you have no idea
how like cool it is the text where we
got a phone call we're doing some
Mexican right now I just wanna know is
this like one of your favorite spots
yeah plus it's close to your little
runway strip you live on so that's
that's convenient kids if you're
watching you have no idea how cool it
would be if randomly you just ask your
mom or dad or someone you love hey you
want to go to lunch with me do it do it
you put a big smile on their face I
promise all right dude well I hate to
like eat and run and stuff but I had a
great time I loved it you good yeah you
got everything you need for sure I'll
sleep good tonight bond I love you give
me a hug
be the best thanks for going to lunch
with me yeah so you got everything you
need your like food and drinks and stuff
I get you'll find it
Lizza
dude we got milkshakes on the way out so
weird I went to hit record but I turn my
car off because it's a red button and my
brain just record
that's so weird anyways I'm gonna move
on that's all the time we have thanks
for going to lunch dude I seriously love
that see you soon I love you buddy
hope that kid sleeps good tonight sure
hate leaving him out here I love being a
dad it's the greatest feeling Hey
Empire flash what's up dude it's like
how long is it gonna be before he
realizes he can come to this backdoor
Empire what are you doing bud Oh
peek-a-boo I see you flash mister
jealous
mister jealousy you should ride him ride
him out there I just want to dress like
a big Shrek and run around the yard with
him I wonder what people think daddy's a
freak bud flash I'll be right back I
think you've been home for like a total
10 minutes today like I'm in out in out
we're going over my brother's house
we're gonna rock it out was that shake
good buddy least we're getting family
time today like oh yeah now I get to see
my brother I got to see Noah earlier of
course
see my little princess pray go machine
all right Wharf bent over to my bro's
house Oh what's up where's everyone at
Oh God they saw you coming everybody hey
all right I gotta see it we'd vote no
what I'm talking about I gotta see it
you guys think that um Dinah I am I
gonna build itself I've proven that that
I've graduated there you've taught me
well I learned from the best
I feel like together we could have taken
this to a whole new level though no I
think you would have just made it better
and I would watch you could help me
steer it on camera I'm not the only one
with an hour see problem dude look at
all your the RC graveyard of the family
there's so many good like dude that's an
original all right set one of our this
is the Baja buggy okay me and Dale both
built these from scratch it came as a
kit but we built these together when we
were 13 14 no younger than that we sat
in our rooms together and built these
gas-powered uh Baja beetles this what
their hobby oh yeah this thing still
worked like two years ago it still
worked a couple years ago so we've done
some cool things with our C's over the
time Dale I think has taken it to the
next level look at this full auto
paintball gun RC truck and this thing
works it's not like you have to pull a
rope like I would rig it it's a full
servo servo turns triggered thinking
about pulling the rope though is I think
we would have been breaking the law I
don't think you can do this to a real
gun well gun I think it's super simple
and that is I just took the guts this is
just a receiver that you would find in
any remote-control car I have a battery
pack in one servo that is this is the
servo yeah
now this is a special server this servo
goes 360 so it's spin yeah it'll spin
like a camera is that that's why it
today I can drive around his arm
activate the server from his remote you
didn't like how much you filmed all this
all right yeah I filled it full video
I'll link it in the description but
check that thing out it's ridiculous
dude I want it it looked good on my wall
bro if it was on a bigger truck you
could do jumps while shooting you know
the table that I did yeah
let's do the same thing but RC boats
just fill it with water and you just
have a middle and yeah
it's the pool right out back Oh kitchen
table version back and then we put the
big sheet of glass on top so you
actually eat on top while you race not
my idea
your guys's idea but I'll take care this
is my kind of night dude laying around
doing nothing
daddy style huh there's lazy lazy daddy
I don't get the ceiling came on okay
this is the new punishment when you're
bad your head goes in the sea oh my now
the train starts you're like an ice
skater dude I see so I'm just gonna
relax why uncle Dale where's kids out
this is like this is like taking up to
the gym
they stopped coming they stopped coming
we officially did it you kind of did it
I just I just jumped in to the last
second oh I just like crazy we are off
back home had a good time just hung out
a little bit where the kids out played
and what Flash what oh you're all right
then you're all right okay so this is a
kind of crazy story that came in today
and probably one of the craziest pieces
of mail that we've ever gotten so
Brittany's mom was like crying this
morning like full-on bawling and we're
like what is wrong she's walked in with
this crying and I'm like somebody named
Daniel Daniel demo tomorrow hope I'm
saying that right he sends us I'm gonna
try to talk about this because it's
still a little soon if you're new to the
channel we lost our German Shepherd a
couple of weeks ago it's just
devastating
one of the hardest things that I've ever
done in my life like truly devastating
to the whole family and so Daniel he
basically writes us a story and he makes
it really clear that it is soon and he
didn't want to you know upset us by
sending us this but long story short
he's the owner of Auslan German
Shepherds and they breed world-class
shepherds and he offered a free puppy to
us a free German Shepherd puppy and I'm
sure his puppies are super super nice I
would like to offer you a gift I
understand your grief is fresh and I
don't want to overwhelm you at this time
but in a few months when you're ready
I would like to gift you a German
Shepherd puppy and that is just so nice
thank you so much I will say and you
know you know I can tell that you know
that it is too soon like I can't even
consider it I really can't even think
about I think you're the same way like
there's just no way in my mind right now
like you said in a few months maybe but
right now I just I can't even imagine
getting another German Shepherd or
another dog in general it's it's great
I think it's the kind of dog like this
was loyal like he would literally take a
bullet press slash he'd shoot us one
flash but it is a different dog man you
guys already know not to get into it but
um I just want to say thank you Daniel
the parents of his puppies coming are
three-time champions in North America
maternal flower omen is a two-time world
champion these are like top shepherds so
thank you so much I will keep your info
maybe down the road but for right now I
can just thank you um it means it means
a lot but we just did even see in this
carrier I was just like you guys all
have pets or you've had a pet or maybe
you'll get a pet and it's just so about
it man Zeus taught me but like he
literally taught me what loyal team
truly is and that his you know it's it's
unexplainable it's the greatest it's the
greatest experience I was that dog
taught me so much so I'm sure you've had
similar stories even cats like people
you really fall in love with your pets
man that's it's been a couple weeks and
still it is a constant daily thought my
dog Zeus man like everything I do around
the house I go outside art his bed is
still beside my bed it's just it's still
a constant thought of mine and I miss
him so so much and but I know he's I
know he's killing him tennis balls right
now wherever he's at and I'm excited for
him feels good and he's healthy again
don't worry flash we talked about you -
he just entertainer I swear he knows
what the camera is because when I turn
it on I mean just does something funny
what is that flash what is it to me his
baby cane Daniel thanks for sending
Kayne a new bed I mean that's really
nice you can you guys sleep good in
there bud you got lots of room to
stretch out it really weird ending the
vlog on this like spot like I'm trying
to lift you guys up all the time
in a downer is there anything I can do
to like nothing to rescue finding a
miniature donkey rescue instead of just
like buying one you're gonna rescue a
donkey are you gonna do like a store
you're gonna do like an incredible
rescue like flat down in a cavern with a
helicopter and pick up the donkey bring
it on board what's the first question
you gonna ask him how you know I mean
like get out of here a flying talking
donkey he can talk I love you guys so
much thank you for being a part of this
life that we live in man is awesome
truly incredible a blessing to have each
and every one of you a part of this life
we love you we will see you tomorrow
thank you for everything thanks for
hanging out tomorrow tomorrow
tomato tomahto tell me what pet you have
what animal do you have what have you
not only talked about any losing stories
that's too much positive pest stories
you got any cool fun pet stories I'm
gonna I will be in the comments for a
little while talking to you guys I want
some fun Pat stories man like some cool
ones you have a good pet story can be a
good way to end this a fun pet story I
have one my parents got my cat thumper
before I was born right before I was
born
all right thumper black cat little white
patch right here is my best buddy slept
in my crib with me this cat was
incredible yeah but that was back then
everything was a while now so you can't
there's a different day and age it was
like 65 years ago 60 64 we moved across
City me thought the cat was gone like we
moved the cat disappeared for a long
time like weeks and weeks weeks the cats
gone we've had this cat our whole life
after a long time the cat was at the old
house he traveled from a new house all
the way to an old house for weeks that's
where he was so we found him at the old
house leaders say that cat lived to 21
years old I was about 24 when that cat
past 21 years old cat did
for you were born Paul so I was only 19
dang it I don't mess the story you're
right okay so the cow was older than me
the cat died when he was 21 which would
have made me only I wasn't three years
the cat was older than me he lived in 21
I loved that cat thumper you can call me
thumper if you want to him what movie
love you guys beautiful you wanted a
kind smile ma what flash
you
