did what you got man is making breakfast
nice great do this this is awesome
why is it so red if a yellow and red so
alright guys welcome to the vlog it is
6:30 in the morning right now I'm so
excited you guys ready to rock oh you
bringing snorkel gear yeah just in case
that's a good idea I don't think that oh
oh no here dude
breakfast Neelix oh yeah
arriving at a place called thousand
Peaks it's a really cool surf spot
apparently we've got a Devon spike and
Josh with us somewhere and Carl bought
one of Josh's he made this from scratch
surfboards ridges and apparently it's
almost impossible to actually catch a
wave with this it's my second time so if
I happen to do it it's like a mirror
it'll be a record what up man good to
see ya
are you ready oh yeah are you ready to
teach us how to serve you look like guys
it's time to safety up today oh I got a
shame I said I look like a man now false
alarm
also mom look down at the board we're
gonna have a tendency to go forward if
we look where we're going we'll have a
tendency to us when you're going so I
try to tell people you want to be
looking like where they're at when we're
surfing good advice you cuz I tell you I
definitely look down yeah I definitely
look at the board okay I love it yeah
it's target fixate look down go down
that's a good
so late night on yeah do I look crazy
want to do the best you can to get your
feet are to your feet on either side of
that that's what allows you to turn okay
so me being a complete amateur edit
brings surfing mounts for the board so
I'm going to try to rig one up with the
regular amount which typically I think
will fall off okay so this is basically
what I've come up with here this is like
a little safety see it's aimed upward
and you're gonna be down in the water so
let's do this let's surf guys I am
ear-to-ear ready smile and happy I am
I'm ready
in fact I'm getting to do this with my
family and Carl and this is just gonna
be like I don't know I don't let's go
oh that feels pretty smelly dude
I'm addicted
yes come on Manny
as my first that's my first eat I hate
that one
KUSI's all right let me down go guys
I'd say overall it's going pretty well
only falling like a legit wreck twice I
guess you'd call it the rest I'm
actually standing up in riding waves
it's all about that board and the waves
are so like gentle like gentle little
giants usually I'd say I have to like
come up and upload but now I get to sit
here on it look at Carl I get to sit
right here on the beach and upload my
vlog right here
it is so exhausting yo thank you guys so
so much Josh thank you man seriously
I would sit so much fun man all right I
had a blast too huh guys if it wasn't
for a lack of strength and the need to
eat food I don't think I'd ever get out
of there
oh it's hooked to your board they didn't
see all that you didn't even catch all
the waves I was catching what do you
think dude game change game changer yeah
you need more strength in my arms my
arms let me down but come back tomorrow
he just beat teacher speech a lesson
yeah dad I seen you out there getting up
I did I got two rides nice one really
good one I called medium but just start
with about an hour to a day till you're
right yeah build up and everybody's keep
pounding away I think my GoPro turned
off but when I was in that barrel all
right we're out of here the Hawaiian way
as many people you can get in the car
look good man what a great time I'm
getting redder as a man a wet suit on
but I'm still like that's not good look
we're gonna head back to the hotel see
what the family is doing and you know
what I think this blog needs right now
is a little montage a little like music
you know so here we go hey you got
something to show me all right let's see
it
oh he's doing flips now okay try again
try again
jump hard that was perfect
what you got there Dale she got
what-is-it what-is-it what-is-it whoa
it's vampire bat man I'm glad we brought
the personal chef my yeah I think I
might actually start without you here
hey cut some onions about rings you
should wear one for Mom nice little oh
yeah baby
nail brought this thing called I guess
it's called the dome but have you ever
seen those photos where it's like half
underwater half above which I brought
today some of them are Photoshop some of
them really this dude imagine today with
the mountains in the background while we
were surfing look at this so a GoPro
goes in the back just like that and then
it's supposed to take half water shots I
guess what I'm saying is that we're
gonna go try to check this thing out see
how it works cuz I have never used it
before I bet there's a learning curve
yeah keeping the top half dry you know
what I mean like you'd have water drops
in your own you're on your planet
grandpa's going crazy
grandpa's gone crazy if there was no
ripples in the water it would be easy
because there are it's like constantly
moving I'm I don't know if you guys can
even see this guy standing over there
I'll show you the picture by the way no
use this red zinc sunscreen today and
now it's like stain his duties not
actually that burn
just drop the trip we will get this baby
out and get some cool photos but just
running around goofing off hey a little
baby doing
how's that baby doing okay so this is
one of the ultimate highlights of a lot
you know let me show ya I'm jet Zink on
your face is crazy everyone's walking
around like great parenting you know you
can't get someone okay we're just a few
minutes away from a Hawaiian sunset dude
look at this everybody's waiting to see
it
oh there's Dale funny seeing you guys
down here for the sunset look at this
man we're getting closer look at the
sailboat look at that alright so while
we're waiting for the Sun to set which
it is getting close look at it wow we
were going down to walk apparently
there's a monk sea lion seal see you up
monk seal down here and it's being
guarded and it just comes apparently it
comes up here all the time heavy no
whatever they come up they call somebody
and they come and guard about there's
only 1400 of known in the world
what makes sense that was cool that they
put oh that's cool he's got a big
sleeping area that's cool
serious right there he's just sleeping
taking a nap
it looks like a fan log he'd I would
never even I would never even see that
here comes a big one yeah I love that he
can just come up and sleep for a while
hey came up to see that sunset man there
you have it
not too bright tonight but it's pretty
pretty awesome
oh my gosh look at all this steak
barbecue chicken you guys have been
really treating us like King and queens
come eat guys lots of food lots of good
food kids are exhausted dude more these
kids out dude I'm worn out that was a
hard day of surfing I already went laid
down and let's see if he's still up
Noah is completely out I know I knew we
get the heat Oh sleep almost all day
he's been asleep he's cool I think we
should go wake him up look a deal oh we
lost another one another man down he is
out shame all these kids are passing out
cuz I was thinking about cutting open
this smile more cake Tam got us I'll
just have a couple cookies then okay
we're gonna go ahead and end this vlog
guys thanks for hanging out with us
today I try to figure out more things to
do on the island you guys been leaving
lots of recommendations Dale and my dad
came to me and they're like how brave
are you and I said well I said there's a
hammerhead shark died which to me sounds
unlit you guys know I love diving with
sharks we do it the Bahamas every year
it's like I love it so I'm in for
hammerhead shark diving what do you guys
think on that what think they said it's
only ones well you might be o2 next week
we love you guys hope you're enjoying a
little vacation blog and we will see you
tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
snob
you
