this is probably the hardest thing for
me to look at and they're everywhere
tennis balls I know that right now Zeus
is laying on a bed I know that he has
infinite tennis balls right now and he's
happy he's chasing our seas I just miss
him guys so much he's the best dog ever
I get frustrated with how we gonna have
with this stuff still because it's been
days and I'm still just crushed like I'm
heartbroken we might be coming on a day
early guys two days early I don't know
but um thank you for the overwhelming
support Zeus has been given so much love
from us and from you guys the social
media has been just through the roof you
guys have shown just insane support
truly have gotten me through some of the
worst moments was reading your comments
and your posts that will being said guys
I wasn't able to physically or mentally
make a compilation of Zeus's you know
best moments or our favorite moments I
did have my friend Sam work on a
compilation and I'm just not able to
watch it yet and just truly I'm not able
to watch it
I have Zeus's this is the vlog camera
that we film Zeus's last day with its
untouched the memory card is still in it
and I'm just not able to edit it or look
at it right now to be honest I don't
know if I want the memory so forgive us
for that this is some of the hard things
and like Zeus's bow is still half full
just haven't been out with a touch
everything
now Britney hates the dogs that I got
because she thinks the Zeus every time
she walks by I haven't touches uses bed
it's still right beside mine I love you
buddy yeah
don't feel ok you mean hmm
so here's where we're at right now guys
I am first of all today's my first
shower in two days my first time being
out of the house my first time being out
of pajamas I haven't been in real
clothes since who's passed away I've
been very down and today's a change of
scenery and doing things that have been
booked for over a month and today's kind
of where that starts basically I'm
living what I preach to you guys every
day and that is to stay so busy keep
your mind so busy that you have no time
to think about anything else but being
busy and being positive it may not be
the best timing but I am picking Matt up
from the airport and we have plans
tomorrow and Friday very cool stuff very
fun stuff and I'm excited about it I
just gotta get past this and this mental
barrier this wall get me back on track
and get back into our you know our
normal life the time we get here the
time we have time in general is a gift
guys it is a gift that we must
we must appreciate where oh where is
Matt
hey up further down further that you see
me yeah okay I'm coming keep it coming
oh there he is
what's up buddy sounds so good in here
with all the echo I love your case blue
the lighting dude it's freezing here
Matt's from Texas so it dude we got rock
last night guys tornado warnings and
watches all night like we got looking
outside um
it's ironic that you're here man the vet
the vet is here right now uh you guys
Matt helped me through the whole process
you guys were like hit up Matt and I
know you got a lot of comments that were
like yeah save Zeus and you know Matt
and I talked so much he helped me
through the whole process
I loved your video too that you sent me
yesterday yeah hey bro I know you've
been having a hard couple of days so I
want to do something to put a little
smile on your face are you ready for
this
hardwired in what that's cool right
don't it look good okay you don't even
have one of these in your house look at
this little blade it's pretty cool right
I'm gonna eventually hang it right up
here
looks so good love you see you tomorrow
we are warping in to get some food I am
treating myself to some ribs and shrimp
and probably everything I shouldn't be
eatin right now Matt's killing me what
is that chicken salad yeah watch my
heart you said the most non Texas thing
you can get it's gonna get a bean burger
but I decided
something a little manly or get chicken
so we are we're actually just trying to
figure out what we're doing today
because Matt flew in for tomorrow
basically to get here so what we would
be ready for tomorrow's thing which is
which isn't gonna be really exciting if
Matt's here and I'm here it something's
probably gonna blow up there's gonna
probably be guns involved we're gonna
kill the fire the temperature oh we did
get a new I'll show you guys as soon as
I get home something came in so yeah
we're kind of like today's just kind of
like let's hang out let's talk about
tomorrow and you know make small great
make tomorrow great again so the weather
is crazy mess it was like eight it was
an 80 in Texas it was not this children
hurry up it's freezin 55 degrees there's
crazy it's starting to rain
maybe indoor things today I hate Ohio
and you ever said it again hi bud you
feel better
oh it's blurry welcome to our home this
is it this place we uh we hang out Wow
these come from Australia somebody sent
flowers to zoos from Australia these
ones came from not sure what those ones
came from but thank you guys for the
flowers awesome super windy
Matt Picht epic quite the day to come to
Ohio man it's really entertaining what
like this then I appreciate the smiles
today man he wants to see he wants to
see donkey it's it's like hot when we
were probably a little sweaty guys we
finally just got electric in his house
oh there it is he's nice yeah as Caine
no we haven't ridden them yet but he has
been he's been really cool around the
house apparently apparently you had like
a bag of sandals back and then you keep
adding sand throughout the weeks okay so
he's never been ridden by anybody he's
never been ridden no he's three do you
know how to do it I'm always terrified
of it I'm always really scared I'm sure
my finger I don't see that's what I do
you just haven't you just don't get a
finger in there basically what are these
it look like chicken nuggets you try one
you look like chicken nuggets or a
really really big cheese puffs keratin
oats the probably delicious that's right
oh he's hooking you up man so kind of
doing the tour thing that's never been
here and man I get I get like out of
everybody that like tells me to collab
with blank I get most requests from that
like so many you guys always want me and
that's work together I don't know what
it really people like blowing things up
I think yeah I do I enjoy well flash has
been depressed too is that normal
like yeah yeah
what I'll show Matt the live have you
done 5vr oh okay coming down this wind
in Ohio so these two are acclimating
well to the vent come on Kane he's gonna
get it you've trained him he's gonna get
it
boom Matt's over here Moen zombies on
the five what do you think of this dude
this is so boring
I'm not even having fun always loved
lettin people experience this for their
first time it is so unbelievable inside
that headset you just feel like like
you're in a different world
hey mama Flash's feeling better
no I have my hair done it's blacker I
love it
see you came I'll see you later buddy we
love you we've lost mat for the they've
lost mat for the trip yeah yeah just
don't talk to me anymore we can't we
came to film it I think this is our new
plan it's nasty outside so we're just
gonna hang out and play video games
okay guys so basically what we've done
is loaded up an arsenal of guns and ammo
jackets it's supposed to be like 27
degrees and we're headed up to northern
Michigan tonight boots gloves jackets
hats I think we got everything I really
think we got everything
wait we could just play video games dude
forget forget it this way nope you hear
that staying home channel so ready for
winter to just break and be done man I
don't know where you whoa
took my breath away or you guys live but
like where Matt lives it's so nice to
warm he comes up here and it's just
freezin though where I'm from we have
packed the SUV with so much stuff in
this wait till you see what's in this
box I'm so excited to show you you ready
to rock Oh Big Brother's coming in to
rescue her I'll see you soon okay be
careful
we will I'm with Matt nothing you're
wrong no
Matt can you translate that for me okay
guys we've got a actually we're gonna go
meet up with quad Todd is his new name
if you saw his video uh-huh
fishtank Todd pinball Todd whatever
whatever name you want to go with
meeting up with him and we're meeting
with Anthony who's got the Sprinter van
and we're gonna drive to up past Detroit
Michigan for a very awesome day tomorrow
man
like on its side I mean Matt flew all
the way here for this service for just
being that part North I went to New York
in the summer once I've never been up
here like and I know it's not winter but
it's cold
it's it's pretty going to Michigan it's
pretty cool right now it's minus 13 it's
not Celsius too so it's more like okay
kind of dark but we're here at Denis
what's up man good good good
all right guys we are loaded up we are
headed to Michigan some part I don't
even know what part of Michigan we're
headed - but this is nice right this is
nice
Carl hooked us up with the the Sprinter
Anthony on the wheel the best driver
yeah
we're just stopping to pick up Todd
right now there's a trick to it I don't
know y'all wait on Anthony
yo what up quad tub there's gonna be the
first time ever gone to a cash game and
not with me y'all go we got a run in
here real quick you come in who's good
to be out guys they're definitely taking
a step forward mentally today I miss
Canyon Britney though immediately as
soon as I step out of the house but
other than that you've got good company
good friends and we're gonna have a lot
of fun tomorrow should lift the vlogs up
for you guys can't believe I forgot
deodorant guys I hate forgetting you
right
it's a pet peeve you guys know this if
you watch the vlogs always freak out I
always forget it and there's too many
choices every time I come here I can't
remember what kind I bought yeah
how about this right here game day for
the sports guys that's me boom
some people just ain't cut out for life
on the road it is snowing what could we
go to a corner place let's write over
this
stop Todd you're gonna get hurt up stuff
how are you guys that were you guys that
I need number three Oh to the top the
King of Kings sweet triple trees my
penthouse suite Britney booked all our
rooms Thank You Britney for that I'll
check this out and leave us now we made
it guys it's 2:00 in the morning I got
to edit and get up early for our shoot
tomorrow which should be really fun I
have a I have a company coming and
bringing something absolutely incredible
for us and it really should be a lot of
fun for the vlogs and different than
different than a normal just shoot them
up video and blowing things up video it
should add a really cool thing to the
video so thank you guys so much for
hanging out with me today and app house
and I'm gonna get back on track man I
really am just getting out and you know
hanging out with friends and the family
today it did lift me up a lot so one of
the keys is staying busy and don't I
definitely encourage you guys to try
that to stay busy man find something you
love to do pursue it find things that
keep your mind busy and I in a good way
focus on the positivity and I'm always
gonna try to be here for you guys and
use my videos to lift you guys up it's a
huge goal of mine even if I just inspire
you a little bit I feel so good when I
do that so thank you for being here you
have definitely pushed me through the
last couple days just absolutely
unbelievable I love you guys thanks for
the love on my spirits haven't been the
highest but I feel I do feel better
picking up my camera so thank you guys
for that thanks for motivating me to do
that I love you
were beautiful you are one of a kind
smile more
you
