welcome to the vlog guys got a quick
like a serious question be 100% real
with me wasn't I'm saying about my hair
should I shave or no shave shave inertia
it's like a week and a half's worth of
work like this took this takes time guys
this just doesn't happen overnight well
I was even thinking last night I was
like it actually doesn't look too bad
it looks bad I'm gonna shave it but you
can't see it dude do that we're gonna
keep it today just be well rocking one
of the new shirts too and it's I don't
think I've ever wore this color in my
life ever do you like it guys welcome to
the vlog welcome back upload yesterday
I'll show you some of the things that I
did work on and get done yesterday
cleaning the donkey barn she got clean
that poopoo up you woke up see the track
with me literally been nothing but gray
and gloomy and cloudy for two days now
okay it kind of looks cool on camera but
it's not check out the track whoa that's
awesome
you're getting good one two oh come on
you can do it one two uh I'm so excited
to show you guys I mean it's it's the
work in progress I got a lot to do but I
at least got a stake down but it has
just rained and made everything so muddy
I did this whole right side added the
berm added a couple Hills added a giant
burn on the back yeah dude this is where
we're at I had to make it a little
bigger I think this is the right size
now I mean it's like legit keep the
jumps come in the berms turns just gonna
keep adding to it we're never gonna stop
it you're gonna get all muddy so I got a
project today that I really really want
to do and I might be in over my head
might be above my skill level probably
this oh I never sing you guys know I'm
not that good at that kind of stuff
for now it's donkey dumping time the
king dumper I can't get over the fact
that I have a donkey now how often you
have to do this just once a day and just
keep it all fresh down on the farm guy
didn't have a farm get him whoo
dirty' loves these things
tasty carrots and oats I gotta get I
gotta get used to this hang on hang on
hang on you got to go up my turns out
having a donkey is all pretty easy my
handyman is going up to get me some hay
uh
sawdust you're gonna hold on I'm on my
like 15 shower of the day well hello
good stuff so gross dude the dogs love
the donkey poop it's like so hard to
clean it before they eat it maybe that's
why it's so clean the dogs are cleaning
that grass and hate hurt what is that
flash you coming in with us
hey plush you gonna come inside he wants
to stay out here he don't want to come
All Right see ya all right you Wookiee
you don't want to come in you want make
sure you win yep I'm not kidding I think
flush wants to live out here like he
doesn't want to come home it's like his
home now he's playing with his keys
getting weirder weirder over here really
nice all right here's my project and I
don't know what that's called what kind
of board is that it's got all the holes
in it you can hang stuff on it you see
in the stores
what's this cocaine what's that called I
don't know either
tempered service perf tempered service
perf okay I don't think that's it either
it is a project damn I don't know you
got all this wood and I'm gonna try to
mount it up basically build an
incredible home for all my RCS and make
some floor space I'm not a room I need
all this gone it's gotta go I don't know
like like a cool like a cool
organization wall basically like
everything's all not been nice and cool
probably never gonna happen so we're
gonna fall off the wall if I do it what
I should do is have my brother come over
do it all I'll take all the credit and
then I would know let's get this big dog
out of here so we have some space to
build up on in Renton it's bad that I
own something that's meant to get dirty
but I hate that it's getting dirty look
ah you just want to drive yeah you can
drive to know what now what what second
now what do you got to do that's it turn
half way yeah all the way this one go
for rides you're doing really good it's
all by yourself
all by yourself pull it up to the garage
there you go good job now straighten it
out
good job now straight
yeah dude you take the whole house out
if you wanted Kane the Builder you don't
have shoes on what is so hard you guys
got kids any of you have kids you just
run around barefoot not just barefoot
socks you're a horse of a different
color I guess that would pre-warn and
say this is kind of the thing I would do
off vlog like you guys would just hey
this is done but today I'm gonna do it
on the vlog and probably watch me fail
maybe I'll do it so here we go don't
know what to expect I have never done
anything like this in my entire life
it's just me and my boys nose about to
come out and we're just gonna go we're
just gonna do it so many are sees if I
do this correctly it's going to be
amazing
this is a hammock a hammock that we've
never used made from my mom and dad's
rope they make it their Factory how
freaking cool is that gotta hang this up
somewhere man I keep going all day but I
got this wall and I think this is all I
need
easiest way would obviously just be
screwing this right into the wall but I
got all these hooks if I just mount this
flat to the wall these aren't gonna work
it's gonna be like that so I get a gap
it from the wall so that the hooks can
go in and knock out that's where it's
kind of my level of knowledge should be
easy right
it would be like anybody can do this
right not me guys I have like this I
have like this thing about me man like
if you've been watching a while then you
know the simplest thing like this can
turn into a nightmare for me like
literally everything will come off the
wall the drive will all come down the
wood framing from down the host mom will
store will crumble because of this it is
something that I'm genuinely bad I think
the best thing to do is just start stud
binary we need a stud finder
what you doing wait what's the fishtank
lights off
that's not yet bolt Hank oh no just the
lights it was that cord right there I
must have knocked him out wait not only
two are on it's why I shouldn't touch
anything that's just I was just talking
about this I didn't even touch anything
why the lights out step fool salt sickle
ah actually kind of crazy to think about
when the water splatters and sprinkles
up here sprinkles that or its sprinkles
water evaporates out of the tank but the
salt doesn't the salt stays so you end
up with all this salt I need a nine volt
anion
look at this battery drawer come on
gotta have a 9 volt no there's one is
this good okay this is how you know I
barely ever do this kind of thing and
why should never do it when your tools
aren't even opened that's how you know
most guys are gonna really be able to
laugh at me
because you're like that's not how you
do it you gotta do it this way you're
gonna do it this way I'm just gonna do
it literally with no knowledge I'm gonna
just hang this crowd Polly that should
be right up against the stud right the
electrical box no no no this science guy
boo-boo
yeah so check it out check it out I got
a I got a great solid stud baby right
there at the end and then we'll just
screw the boards and it should be that
easy no measurements required give me
call do ya know one of these days I make
you guys proud of all of you all you're
gonna look at me and see daddy we build
that one day
here's the good news it's never coming
off the wall it's never gonna happen I
found good studs good screws it is
permanent I'm doing this for our see
stuff and other little things you guys
could do this for just write anything
this stuff will hang I mean as long as
you got the hooks you can hang anything
you want on this so if you want to save
some floor space like I'm trying to do
and just get a little organized this is
this is kind of cool I'm gonna love it
gotta say I'm pretty impressed yeah you
did a great job nice huh yeah sweet
don't it look great
did daddy do a good job are you proud of
them do you think he can build anything
now I can I can one project and I'm a
pro now I can do anything now here's the
other projects I do where's the ladder
up back by the donkey what are you two
doing cuddling up no Lucy no guys I know
I didn't you know what I'm just gonna
say it for you I did a good job look at
that I know what you're most of your
thing a big deal a couple boards another
you know this is a big deal for me
there's gonna be the first to say if you
watch these vlogs a lot then you know
it's a big deal option one option two
maybe we mix it maybe the bigger trucks
that aren't going to be used on the RC
track as much go up here in the ones
that we're gonna grab a lot go down here
they have this board in white too but I
went with brown because this is
typically what one of our trucks looks
like after a full day this is like the
kids had it they went crazy with it
that's it
so I got brown instead of white because
it's gonna be brown instantly okay so
the next part come on you blurry bit the
next part of this vlog I kinda need to
explain a little bit because it comes
with you guys know I've built the RC
track and we've got something cool for
the track in order to make racing fare
no matter whether it's my brother here
my dad or
or special guests or me and the kids or
even Brit to make it fair we got five of
the same exact trucks I actually already
have the trucks we have six total same
exact trucks now these these are extra
special cane you know why because I got
them all with clear bodies so that we
can paint them however we want here's
the idea I got all the trucks no they
were not free I paid for these trucks
they have sent me a ton of free stuff
and honestly if I ask them they probably
would send me these but guys I paid for
these I wanted these to be just for the
track for when people come over even my
brothers kids I got extra clear bodies
which they did send me this is just the
next piece to our RC track is to have
all equal trucks basically all the same
truck and I got them all clear so
everybody gets to paint their own truck
it's like a big family project
unfortunately it's getting kind of late
tonight I like bright colors when you're
when you're driving with five six trucks
you can see your truck really good this
is like a dream come true when I was a
kid is that cool
you can just keep a clear one you have
the clear truck so what up when I was a
kid if you wanted a clear body you had
to hand cut it was like a mold and you
had to hand cut all this out but now
they come cut and body it's amazing
we're gonna attempt to uh main a couple
trucks I'm gonna flash you all off I'm
gonna paint the baby the baby's first RC
truck make our baby girls only time will
tell
I'm gonna make our first RC truck what
was that
Keshia guys what I ever try this always
paint the inside of my trucks or cars
because if you paint the inside even if
you
your paint won't be a scratch like you
can beat this to death and the paint
will still be there so I paint the
inside and then of course will sticker
it later and make it look a little
better but for now it's gonna be all
pink right there punk man I hope she
likes it it's going to be just for her
we're gonna make it super special fun I
know it's like five years till she can
even use it but I don't know just
something I really wanted to do and I
hope that she likes it it's all about
little sprays okay you don't want to
hold it down or you'll get runs nobody
likes the run that's it don't be afraid
to stand back a little bit you're ready
ready this is gonna be your truck so
whatever you do it's yours okay grab it
no one went to a birthday party so he's
really excited to do his too but we're
getting a head start
head start okay nice and easy and
remember don't be afraid to stand back
just let it slowly dust it there you go
that's it that's it keep changing spots
Kane's first truck
well now you want to spray it with white
I like your style
guys I am I'm really just walking my day
today man it is just like as much as
possible for you guys this is really
what we're doing me and my buddy
painting some trucks so thanks for being
here guys I know it's been like a day in
the garage pretty much but it's really
what we're doing final steps were
decorating the trucks and making them
kind of complete you need a little help
I think you got it dude okay let me help
you get some bubbles what's the baby
girl's car gonna be look at it guys so
cute
y'all we should do the wheels in paint
too that'd be cool we'll paint in trucks
and birth paint nails look at all that
paint how do you pick a color with that
many I will just be lost cuz your eyes
and grab one thank you so much for
hanging out with us today I really
interesting vlog actually please please
tell me what you thought of it I tried
to just really vlog exactly what we were
doing not the exciting stuff just
exactly what we were doing
come join me so show him what Mommy did
your thumb show her show thank you guys
so much for being here we love you so
much we will see you tomorrow very very
fun interesting day tomorrow something
I've never done please show this vlog
some love if you like this style vlog
it's different than I know it doesn't
seem much different but it is it really
is we love you guys so much thank you
for everything you're beautiful
you're one of a kind smile more don't
forget to do your push-ups today we're
at 22 push-ups here we go do them with
me 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15
16 17 18 19 20 21 22 good job guys
