welcome to the flog guys gotta show you
what Keynes working on out here now this
is his idea he's come up with by himself
I love it dude is that your truck oh no
not a screwdriver no no no do another
monster truck I'm gonna help you
ready ready let go oh my gosh this is
going to get it hey buddy
Noah's back here shooting bow and arrows
I got one big goal one big project today
I told you guys it was nice out we were
gonna do this and it is it is beautiful
let's clean this guy up it's filthy
hope you guys are have an excellent day
look flash will not leave the donkey you
want where's the donkey there's flash
best friends like movie best friends
like he will not leave the donkey are
you ever gonna come back I never seen a
relationship like this already what's up
Empire what's up buddy
well they're officially best friends man
as all they do is hang out flash won't
leave he will not leave his side I never
seen anything like this like Zeus is
like that's a donkey it's here but flash
it just won't come in he won't come
inside
what you got what you got Oh close
what's that is that for me would you
throw oh he dragged out every single dog
toy see yesterday I said it was gonna be
nice out we were gonna try to build an
RC transit so basically what we're gonna
do we're gonna get cat a killer out
we're gonna start flattening some ground
cata killer that's his name now we're
gonna start flattening ground and then
Brittany and her mom went out to get all
the supplies like the drainage pipe that
usually outline your track with and some
type of stakes to get the pipe to stay
on the ground it should be fun it should
be an experiment drifting McQueen it's
awesome love our C's it's something so
fun to do with the kids so let's go
build a track all right let's do this
we're going to climb up into the cat a
killer
good take it take it out there bucket
tube for the the scoop but I think I'm
just gonna leave this on for now and see
what happens
got a co-pilot on this mission me and
Kane you ready
cain't bail on me pretty quick he is
over there playing with Noah right there
it's been a dream of mine since I was
kid to build an RC truck probably a lot
like you to build a track of some sort
sounds of fun and hey no I wasn't
calling for you get the heck out of here
it's not it saw me get back out here so
right now all I'm doing is kind of
digging out and flattening this whole
area and then we're gonna try to design
it and shape it I'll probably take that
jump out right there well pipe it all
and we'll start just kind of hand
building little humps and lumps and
jumps and whatever else the kids want to
put in the track maybe a little mud pit
I don't know I don't know something I've
always wanted to do we wanted to do like
a dirt bike four-wheeler tracks at the
rcs to play on but then I thought let's
build an own little RC track dedicated
Darcys by for the greatest grown-up toy
you can ever have I mean look at that
Scoob after look at that
there is no doubt in my mind that the
kids and I and family and visitors are
gonna have fun on this so I'm trying to
shape it I've never bought a truck but I
guess you could shape it however you
want you could have the turns wherever
you want and I'm kind of creating almost
an oval shape and then it's gonna come
around and in and back around and back
out and then a full circle
all right let's go get all the pipe in
this is gonna be sweet
whoa cane she got tons of fun good job
we got work because they didn't have
like this is supposed to go underground
this is gonna be a great start yeah from
what I seen online and when I used to go
to RC track this is what they use for
the boarders and it's kind of what
outlines the track and keeps your car
from going off that Lane game what the
hooda wider okay since I've never done
this before have no idea what to expect
with this piping and how you mount it to
the ground but for now I'm gonna go
ahead and kind of lay it out and get an
idea what its gonna look like and then
we'll figure out how to how to stick it
in this Oh fun look you know the kids
are gonna have a blast like this so
we're just kind of like building it
right now and trying to get it even and
then I'm guess I'm gonna try to somehow
stake it all in and okay guys some time
has passed I got it all pretty much done
what you think is it fun here's the only
main issue guys I'm pretty proud of this
this is cool for me to build especially
get use out of that guy so the only
issue right now is we don't have the
proper stakes to mount the tubing so
it's kind of loose and it moves around
if you hit it so we gotta get stakes and
then we gotta figure out where we want
to put our jumps and our berms and our
ramps and you want up here give me your
hand so we're kind of taking it easy
trying not to move the tubing too much I
guess I got to order the stakes which
kind of stinks because we want to go
hard on this right now I didn't jump
sand in Hills maybe even extending it if
it gets too small it's not that huge
I've already I've already noticed that
maybe I didn't make it big enough but
it's a nice starter track for us
we're not professionals okay oh boy
let your gain whoa try again oh maybe
next time Punk Oh
oh my gosh that's fun you made me go
really fast
alright honey we are told I know it's
dinner time but listen we were gonna
save so much money on our next flight
cuz look we can fit at least one kid in
the suitcase do this money saving right
there can you saving me money boy we are
we're finally coming inside it's dark
out we got I feel good today like we had
a lot of fun and we actually got an
entire start to an hour C track done
did you see you saw the next step is
gonna be getting like five or six of the
same exact trucks blank bodies and
letting everybody paint their own truck
so it's like their truck then as even
when guests come over we have like a
line of trucks everyone can just grab
one we can race I'm opposed to the
dinner table for mommy
kills me thank you so much for this
looks unbelievable potatoes green beans
and Uncle chicken dude you just
slaughtered that plate I just got
started he's already done Cain likes
watching the blogs when we travel cuz
he's not with us so at dinner he watches
brings me to this question when do you
guys mostly watch our vlogs in the
mornings is it at lunch is that why you
go to the bathroom is it before you go
to bed when do you watch our vlogs so
I'm about to get busted eating pizza
like a busted dude
ran out to check on Empire somebody is
like what's up dawg what up dogs you
guys look like little puppies compared
to him before I forget and ruin the
schedule we got to do our push-ups 21
today technically I think we're at 22
but I missed yesterday so we're gonna go
back to 21 if you want to do them with
us let's go I'm not gonna fast-forward
this if you guys want to get down on the
floor right now
hop off your chair hop off the toilet
wherever you're at we're gonna do 21
push-ups it's starting to get to that
number where it's not that easy not for
me you want to add to you don't even do
though you don't even add the ones we do
do the ones we add I said it backwards
all right here we go guys do it with us
help us out we're gonna motivate each
other because honestly I probably won't
do this and it wasn't for you guys so
let's go this isn't about speed okay
just go trim pace ready set go
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16
17 19 20 21
give me five give me five baby you did
what you could what do you have
ashes gonna blast off the team you gotta
go straight twenty come on you got it
counting out loud makes me very
lightheaded give me five good job if you
did it sorry I missed yesterday I know
you guys were doing it without me and
you tweeted me you let me know that you
did it good job tomorrow's 22 the next
day's 23 we just add one each day this
kids lost his mind
Kayne if Sue's first right now you're
going through Noah well gee we're gonna
end this vlog guys we did a lot of RC
stuff today you guys know I'm very
passionate RCS I love them grown up with
them I've just always really loved them
I have a couple really cool one of a cup
what are you laughing at me
Kayne what are you doing what are you
doing little rascal Cain should daddy
give this truck away alright but
somebody would really love it wouldn't
you love to see the smile on somebody's
face I have a couple of these they are
like I guess they're not one-of-a-kinds
because I have more than one but I only
have one blue one and it's beautiful and
I'm thinking about giving it away to one
of you guys it's brand-new it's never
been driven it's got everything the
remote everything is I mean look
brand-new it's still got all the tags
it's got the battery not really ready to
part ways with it cuz I kind of want to
hang it on my wall but I'm sure I could
probably get another one sent to me if I
really do
no I have a yellow one but I love the
blue one maybe I'll give the yellow no
no we had three we had to be a four
haven't given and I gave it away yeah
who got that so when he needs to send me
a picture that that being said guys
would you guys I haven't done giveaways
forever I just has been a long time
should I give a small more truck way
we've been doing a lot of RC stuff and
it would be really cool to see one of
you just so happy to receive this and
play with it and have fun maybe with
your parents or maybe a parent with
their kids so yeah tell me should I give
this guy away or should I keep it should
I just hang it on my wall things like oh
no you give it away but King we got so
many are seized he's emotionally and
he's attached just like I am
sometimes it's about giving I can give
the yellow one away okay all right guys
we love you um thank you for everything
thanks for hanging out with us thanks
for watching us build a track and just
having fun today is great me and my boys
got some time today I needed it so bad
and as you can see uh these boys are
tired we love you guys you're absolutely
beautiful you are one-of-a-kind
don't forget how important you are don't
forget what you're capable of
go get it start now make it happen and
remember fear fear will destroy more
dreams than failure we'll get up go get
it you're beautiful one-of-a-kind smile
more
you
