welcome to the blog guys hope you're
having a great day we're just getting
our day started actually look at this
look at me he's like no there's one
there's one there it is
how you feeling Zeus last night in the
middle of the night Zeus threw up this
giant pile into our closet of our
bedroom it's really nice you buddy so Oh
can't let them out are we doing the
fence this I don't know if you guys can
see it but these guys are putting in a
whole new fence that's gonna run up into
these woods our donkey comes in what two
days it just so happens that the donkeys
coming on Britney's birthday so they're
finishing this fence out so the donkey
can't get out why see yeah that's gonna
be done it's gonna be weird seeing a
fence back here too but we can't have a
random donkey walking around the
neighborhood so he doesn't own it flash
do you want the donkey oh is that a yes
or no I have no idea anyways we're
getting ready to walk out the door I
need to getting a lot of requests to
actually do my hair instead of wearing a
hat all the time I started wearing a hat
when I got my head shaved on tour almost
ever since then I wear a hat it's just a
habit now I just put on that and then
I've fallen in love with the Hat because
I don't have to do my hair it takes so
much time to do this hair and then and
then if I don't wash it out every single
night it gets on my pillow and then I
get pimples and zits all over my face
and I can already fight with that anyway
this hair or hat today hair or hat today
ah ah
come on camera focus baby focus you can
do this oh it's focused right there
this is the worst man when you're trying
to leave the house you gotta be
somewhere but you can't find something
right now it's my wallet I've searched
everywhere I cannot find my wallet
nobody can find it everybody's help me
look for it you haven't will help me
Lyde everybody bikinis help me look for
it Zeus where's my wallet buddy huh do
you know where my wallet is there know
where my tennis ball is see the keys or
the wallets that get me every time I
can't just put things in the same place
every single day I can't it's really bad
right here so I was like farts oh it's
these old flowers okay Adam dog food and
flowers on the counter it's gotta be it
oh I can see me two of me I'm not gonna
lie you look like a wild cat Wow Wow
leaving the house without my wallet I
feel like like I'm missing something
major I think we're gonna pick it up huh
think you found it hmm I don't think you
know where my wallet is you got my
wallet I knew my wallet she's shopping
yeah I went shopping
mom wasn't shopping yesterday
yesterday's vlog already as you know
went up either didn't go up or it went
up really late because every time I go
to post it I get this crazy error code I
cannot post the vlog and it's the worst
feeling when you guys are tweeting me
where's the fog where's the vlog where's
the vlog and I'm genuinely trying to
post it but I can't it's not in my hands
it's really scary that my whole career
is in another company's hands and that
is freaky and that's why you got to
build things outside of YouTube you have
to always think about the future
that being said I'm sure it's up by now
and I'm sure you've seen it but if you
did it
yesterday's vlog or maybe there's Tootie
I don't know we're out and about Britney
is going to we're doing something weird
today you're gonna hit the grocery store
fruits veggies good stuff Cain and I
mommy's birthday is in two days one day
as the blogs going up so kina are gonna
run out and maybe get mommy some
look at this face right here this is
this is Brittany losing the sugar battle
I may beat you at the actually already
did yeah ice cream yesterday the whole
way up here she's like can we just stop
so I'm working I'm like I can't really
eat anything at restaurants see cane in
our set like we're didn't we know what
having a dinner tonight we're having
people come over for dinner tonight and
you're like you're losing it hey good
food only good food only hey by the way
happy Valentine's Day
we'll see in a minute it's just me and
you you better get in your seat since
it's Britney's birthday in two days one
day if yeah from the vlog yeah she's
getting grocery stuff and done the real
fun so she's doing the fun stuff we're
gonna go look for a little birthday gift
but we can't vlog it she would know
where we went so there is one place we
can go on the vlog if you want to wear
it backwards you can wear it backwards
I'm all about it you goofball dude and
you go let me see this is the best part
of my life right here
those are Legos that is cool we need
lego people in our house you know
daddy's been in that fountain before I
did a front flip into it I did I swear
you go make a wish wait are you listen
these are serious wishes man
these are serious wishes a magical
dragon shows up at our house tomorrow
you really mad you get some good stuff
mommy so sweet guy was behind me in line
and like I got a lot me only like two
things my last thing up there was canes
flowers and he's like oh you shouldn't
have to buy those for yourself hey no
one got a couple people coming over for
dinner tonight and you know kind of
sitting in half traffic this is Ohio
traffic like this is as bad about as it
gets
there's other lanes that we could you
could jump into a different land if you
really wanted to go home
gotta get aggressive on these roads girl
you watching yesterday's vlog okay so
we're back home and I kind of feel bad
because I got my candy man here what's
up buddy how you doing very good but I
feel bad because I I'm at my 8 days no
sugar so candy kind of kind of comes in
- well I got you something would you
would you get got you this right here
but this is also this is a package this
is not only for you this is also for the
bosses so no boss not some grapes cards
this is this is how bad it is it's a
Christmas card what I swear you bet my
kept telling you I was like I got the
Christmas card then whoa this is like
look at that all right I know he's still
killing it right he's still killing it
too much too much country got King 50.50
Hot Wheels car that's like 50 burgers
from McDonald's that's like what else is
that's like 50 crop you can get 50
what else what is this a dollar you
could buy 50 things from the dollar
store dude you don't understand money
yes wait this is Keynes money Keynes
money he's had six dollars now he has 56
dude okay what is it dude are you
kidding me right now do you need a break
purposely brought a bag of sugar this is
good for you come on dude
come on oh it's hard on me I'm gonna
make you eat this whole bag for that
that's a good stuff at night what's up
buddy we are about to feast on some
homemade check this out
hi Veronica Britt is home making some
serious wings these are all what is all
this well I can show you I can show you
it's a mix of all natural stuff black
peppers and pepper Iike oregano
Himalayan salt garlic powder real
chicken nothing added to it it's real
and it's really gross looking
country filled the bag now coin you
gotta wear this this is for you this
baby ow
you nailed it and it's you know what
it's never been right since the ball pit
prank we had we had to take this door
off for the ball pit prank to get the
bags in
I didn't sound good no it's good oh jeez
alright some flash paper to my face but
let me fix your door first oh you took
the whole thing on let me correct you it
hasn't been right since little Dale
busted through your metal screen door
that's true he walked right through my
screen he was the beginning through it
to look at this my mouth is watering
take a voyage how you gonna do this um
wait is it dry is it ready
I don't know I'd hate to catch your
carpet on fire I'll be alright throw it
on the tile what you know if that was
like the most flammable carpet ever know
there's nothing there
let's cover your floor with paper first
and then we'll throw Oh about idea oh my
gosh camera fogged up case you guys want
a hot sauce that has a only natural
stuff in you know ten out of ten on the
wings seriously good what do you think
of the wings I should give 11 out of 10
country good Dale food's ready
come eat your food come on put your toys
away come eat you asked for this no wait
it's gonna go where I got to get my
muscle memory right alright flash paper
uh-huh
we got Nerf dart Megan nerve is put them
together make a nerf flash paper Dart oh
here's our attempt at the Nerf dart
flamethrower lamp
that's the wick again well I didn't
shoot it it's solid it's gold to shoot
me in the chest dude I'll do it yes hear
me out a mini cardboard village at the
end where the darts gonna land and burn
the village down I am all about that
okay I'm gonna try to shoot this in
slow-mo too
what mission flaming nerf gonna shoot
the dart to test it no guys we know this
is bulletproof
but is it yeah I'm pretty sure that
nylon is flameproof kids do not try this
at home already
ready someone's gonna count it down
it burnt the dart yeah it'll still shoot
try to shoot it let's try to shoot it oh
we ran out of the big nerf grudge - Dale
got something smallest gun he could find
my god that's a mosquito shooter huh
what's it called and minibike the oh
yeah bed four little monsters
everybody's leaving we've had our fun
hey you have fun tonight little man that
was a lot of fun okay so it's just about
the in the vlog and I was like crap I
didn't do my push-ups so I'm gonna stick
to this I'm gonna do it today is 16
we've added one each day we started at
10 tomorrow will be 17 and then 18 and I
hope you guys will join me in doing this
so here we go yesterday I fast forwarded
through this because I thought it was
really freaking boring for you guys and
then I saw tons of comments is like
please don't fast forward it because we
do it with you so I'm not gonna fast for
it today if you want to skip it skip
past it if you want to do it with me
here we go alright ready set go 1 2 6 7
we're halfway there 13 14 15 16 where
are you at the whole thing is Zeus
plowing his tennis ball haha
if you're doing the push-ups with us
good job I know we're only at 16 but
it's adding up quick we were just only
at 10 soon we're gonna be in the
and it's gonna actually start getting
really difficult so now I'm gonna end
the vlog guys thank you so much for
hanging out with us today thank you for
being here being a part of this family
we will see you tomorrow in fact a lot
is going on to my holy smokes I am gonna
you know what I'm not even gonna say
anything because sometimes things fall
through and then I look like an idiot so
we love you you're beautiful you're one
of a kind smile more
you
