welcome to the vlog guys today I have
another meeting in New Jersey I'm
bringing my brother Dale with me and we
are not we're just taking off we're kind
of running late as always
tony is picking us up which makes
traveling a lot easier right when we
were at shush show if you guys watched
maybe two weeks ago we were in Las Vegas
for the shot show we found the company
that sent us it's a watch
that reads in the text radiation so
today we're gonna find out if today we
detect radiation while flying on an
airplane I think that's pretty cool I've
never seen I've never even heard of that
but I have heard there's radiation when
you fly that's what I heard it's gonna
be weird as we like flying in a
microwave or something it's gonna detect
gamma which is what we're gonna get up
in the sky okay wall detect a microwave
or will it I don't know find out it's
really cool he'd say it will detect
x-ray jitter though right like it's
cranked up high enough I don't know what
that means to you or us but it will be
cool to see if we detect radiation while
flying okay you see this little old
brick building right there that's the
original Columbus Airport that's it if
you can't even find the jet I don't
think you deserve to ride in the jacket
my kind of explains I've been back and
forth trying to find this place
they're all waiting on us I feel so bad
and this cars past this would be so bad
in my
we're gonna pull up last people there
this is our left this is it this is for
sure this is our left we made it I'm
sure everybody's waiting on us we're
here again last week I flew on my very
first private jet and it's funny because
we have to fly commercial in just a
couple weeks yeah this will be Dale's
first ever private jet and it's just
like next dude it's it's just the next
level I don't even know how to explain
it watch this let me get the door for
you mr. outlet hey now that's a private
jet you got a new one man this is nice
this is the kind where you run up and
you realize yourself in the wheel
nice
so we're up in the air were way up so
here's the watches the MTM watch they
sent us and it is reading that we are
detecting radiation I don't sure if
they're called my cursor so we are
reading to 0.875 that good or bad it's
radiation so I wish I understood the
watch a little better I'm gonna find out
when I land what this means what we're
reading 2.8 75 I'm gonna I'm gonna feel
like an idiot
we should've brought a light blanket to
cover the watch so here we are two point
eight seven five so what does that mean
what does that mean you fly in your
you're in great we're detecting
radiation is that like we're like in the
radiation belts so the higher you go the
radio what does it mean what does it
mean guys what does it mean if so what
if we're in radiation I'm gonna look
more into this but the point is is that
they make more watch the detects
radiation now I want to get these guys a
shout out for sending me to watch things
I think it's an amazing watch you
actually like the
and just like that we are in New Jersey
or New York I'm not sure exactly where
we're at here what you think did it was
amazing
we're definitely underdressed though
once again okay so we are safely here
and we're about to bounce into some
probably to you guys very boring meeting
so I'm gonna jump to Brittany and Ohio
she's gonna take over for a few minutes
and then we'll be back we back in me and
New Jersey in New York Brendan New
Jersey Josie I like that New Jersey hey
guys
since Romans in a meetings today I heard
I would try and pick up the camera a
little bit I got the girls here helping
me
we are trying to change our room around
because I think I'm gonna put the babies
that in our room and we have no room in
there right now I had to do something
with the Romans ammo crate yeah yeah I
think I need an interior designer to
help me like match and hang curtains
that aren't broken and there's nothing
here so it's nice and bright in here in
the mornings we max Veronica sisters let
me just tell you this is gonna drive
Roman crazy because the beds not Center
towards the window
oh you got no name this is our closet or
I literally just pushed it open and it
fell against this wall put a hole in the
wall oh yeah I'm having a couple girls
over I'm having like Jess and a few of
the girls that work in a store or my
sister or my cousin they're gonna come
over and we're doing our nails tonight
so we're gonna do this really fun get
order pizza and I got snacks and some of
the kids are gonna come over so the kids
will play while we do our nails and may
drink some wine so Roman just texted me
said he's on his way home which I was
like oh my gosh
so while we are done with our meetings
we are headed home back to Columbus it's
so amazing with planes like this because
you can leave go for a couple hours and
just come right back home it's like
having a car and drowning in store and
coming back it's so convenient and back
when are you getting one so that I can
borrow it all the time we're gonna pitch
in different you'll bind it back you'll
pay for the toilet
I can probably pay for this door or the
closet all right I got cleaner Adams can
you sing me a song yes what's the what's
the number-one song you're most known
for this I can't believe that people
so I just want to go through you got
like one in the records money go by
who's counting who's counting this
morning 25 good job he was the road tech
three is zero zero Niner 35 50 Foreman
everybody ready for departure just like
that we're back home it's so fast it's
just so fast
I gotta make a lot more money to get
used to that by at night so you may have
noticed that plane was different than
the plane we flew on last week and it's
still Tony's that's because Dale and I
it's our plane dude we got one we got it
Soji sold it to us look at that I think
Tony's gonna take it for now though and
he's probably gonna keep it for a while
yeah but it's kind of a layaway program
yeah it's like a project $40 each per
week 22 years and we'll own it that'll
do it
I don't know what I just said but
someone should do the math on whatever I
just said look at them garage doors
leave the plane in there
Dale's family's at my house it just goes
straight there and I promise right now
we're done with meetings for a little
while
a little fun time a little crazy time a
little
be with my family time all good things
all great things coming a lot of coming
out of what we're doing right now and as
much as I want to bring you in every
detail of things I know for a fact it
will get boring so we're trying to move
on this little
I guess well like I stepped in it
the nose of the German shows good kind
of still smells like good car like vinyl
letters I mean only he could smell up
basically it says a CT scan on the head
is equal to about two MSP which was
shown on the watch and I want to say
yours watched at 225 some so we were
higher than a CT scan at the head level
we're trying to learn about radiation
right now and I don't understand it very
much just so much into a dental x-ray
says it's a point oh one a chest x-ray
is point one a mammogram is point four
so we were pretty hot that it was like a
lot you know it's like getting a CT scan
a cat scan if you hit 10,000 all right
milli server milli server is what I call
a micro servos Millie's her Retzer if
you get 10,000 in a single dose that's
fatal within weeks 1000 will cause
radiation sickness including lot nausea
low white blood cell count but not fade
a lot flesh is there a party is there a
party here wow you guys having a party
or what together the guys leave for for
eight hours and you guys are Wow what's
up oh yeah you wanna do it yeah okay
here you need my phone oh my gosh you
weren't out boy are you are you worn out
you have a rough day the house is
cleared out and I am about to do
something everyone wanting to do and
actually took a picture of it how many
months ago a couple months ago and that
is order of pink converse shoes for our
baby girl I just I I posted a tweet of
these like months ago and I was like if
it's a girl that's all I said everybody
thought I said it's a girl but I put if
it's a girl
I'm getting these so we're ordering them
right now no literally fit her for a
couple months but she's obviously
naughty boy I know I don't care I just
want I just want him
I just love it um well we changed the
room round I know our bedrooms totally
different our beds
Wow the dust collector this is what you
so tired today you gotta sleep with that
ball in your mouth yep if and only if
you've watched his channel a very long
time then you know we have to put drops
and cream and Zeus's eyeballs he has he
has a disease called penis and it's
pretty common in German Shepherds
actually and he's got it so he requires
drops and cream in his eyes all the time
but he's good about it hey yeah lady
what is this guy do human attire the
MIDI file what is it what is it air
washer air what this sounds like oh
what's that movie where they're like
just bottle air and you see anything in
the bottles must be the washer the air
washer is that get the box it says
there's never gonna be any definite
results again here's what it says let me
just tell you what this says goodbye
filters
goodbye cold bacteria goodbye dust
allergens
goodbye pollen allergens good bye
concentration problems
it's just I'm already thinking better
goodbye headaches no more headaches for
us that's nice hello clean nursery air
it actually actually has that well we'll
see if I wake up with a headache in the
morning
well like I got a bloody nose last week
and I was like it's just too dry in here
you think that's what's wrong what's
from clean hit me with things I don't
think it's from that that is that's
gonna do it for today another thing that
I've been trying to get over the last
two three maybe four days maybe it's
been weeks I'm finally getting tomorrow
so finally gonna happen it is not gonna
fall through I have I have such faith in
this it's gonna happen time that baby
the aam excite you'll be excited I
promise I'm not excited
you will be oh you will be you
absolutely love you guys man yesterday's
vlog you guys just exploded with love
announcing that we were having a baby
girl and I just still can't get over
it's gonna take me a few days to really
settle in that we're having a girl look
than that thank you so much for coming
with me today I know it was one more
meeting we're gonna we're gonna put that
stuff aside for a little bit and focus
back on just fun entertaining family
stuff we love you you're beautiful
you're one of a kind
you
