welcome to the vlog guys we are just
getting our day started obviously I
always say that I always say we're just
getting the day started but really I've
already had a shower I'm already dressed
your shower you're already dressed
it's a habit welcome to the vlog we are
just getting the data today's a really
interesting day and tomorrow we have the
showing for Britain's grandpa and then
the funeral on Friday so I just want to
give you a heads up there may or may not
be any vlogs if you don't film Thursday
and Friday that would be Friday and
Saturday no vlogs just seems like that
would be extremely difficult and it's it
just sounds crazy so be aware
Friday Saturday may not be vlogs again
however today there is a vlog and it's
gonna be a weird one I have to leave
last minute and it's something to me
cool what are you jealous that your
first time is gonna not be with me oh
man I'm going somewhere today and then
Brittany's gonna try to vlog as well
because where I'm going gonna be hard to
vlog and it's just a mix up so today is
strange yeah thanks for leaving me your
broken camera what do you mean the
camera game is broken it's not broken
I had a lens failure so birth can I try
a little bit I'm gonna travel bit to be
mixed up this is all I'm taking usually
I'd have like a whole suitcase and all
this stuff but it's gonna be the
quickest I like goodbyes I like the
black I won't be done this could be my
quickest trip on a plane this would be
my quickest trip I've ever taken
fast like flying out and leaving I love
it
you gonna miss me man I'm gonna miss you
more but I'll be right back all right
no oh wow the vultures are here Dan Dan
I'll oh man I gotta get going I'll be
right back okay your identities showing
dude whoa look at you
it was like a flash come here
I know look at this it doesn't look like
much from here but from air bubble be
back in a jiffy I think my toes broken
why cuz the donkey stepped on it why
baby
hey oh of course it's rainy okay guys so
today is it's different than any day
that we've ever had in this long and
different for me something I've never
done in my life I actually feel really
out of place I've never been on this
side of the airport ever I'm with a
friend of mine his name's bill what's up
bill Oh God he came and picked me up at
the house and we were headed to what
would you call this a private Airport
boy yeah we pick up private airplane
yeah we've got a private plane coming to
pick us up take us to New Jersey
Carl's meeting us and we are going to
another meeting I will let Carl explain
all that but for now it looks like I get
to fly my first private jet at the
private plane huge huge for me I've
always wondered how this would happen
and if it would happen and when it would
happen so today's the day so it's really
weird you guys are gonna see a different
side I mean because I'm so I'm like I'm
cheesing right now because this doesn't
happen look at that look at them jets
dude I don't even know how this stuff
happens but it's crazy opportunity being
thrown at me and I'm just jumping on it
and kind of you know we're moving with
it and just I don't know it's crazy I'm
gonna bring you along today and see what
happens and I'm just walking in here I
don't know what I'm doing what they
built with me because he understands all
this stuff and I'm just following him oh
this is so crazy no security checks
nothing you just you walk in that door
you'll walk out to your jet y'all never
gonna be right never gonna be right
again good look at it smiling dude
that's a small more plane just literally
that simple
it's just that somewhere plane pulls out
you don't go through anything so if
you're bringing this stuff right books
I'm never gonna want to fly commercial
again this is gonna really spoil too mad
this is way way unaffordable for me
this kind of thing is insane hi guys I
feel like a super dork right now but I'm
Chuck excited dude
play this
Wow
Barbies huh you guys just stopped it in
our region like how father is that we
got some Taco Bell we have some RVs I've
got bean burrito I mean actually it's
all through our app anyway
okay so what are we doing right now last
week you guys follow this channel Carl
myself and Brittany flew to where was
that our consults oh wait wait Arkansas
went through Arkansas to meet with
Walmart about a product they were
pitching and how did all that go by the
way so we're in Walmart you guys are
gonna see them and actually we're
thinking about maybe doing a soft lunch
on the smile more store so this is Tony
and Tony this is your thanks for
everything dude like this is Tony's
plane and it's like next level four guys
and Tony is the creator Tony's the
creator of you guys have seen these my
kids play with them the little the
little bugs that vibrating shaking
you've got how many products gosh we
have 40 on children and 40 on shelves
when you go in the stores you see these
guys and you have literally so many
different products but this we started
with right
probably our third but this one's really
popular it's the most popular dude I've
I've received these in the mail from you
guys leave the fan mail seen them
everywhere so super awesome to meet you
man I appreciate it all right so what do
we got back here it's a yeah a sink
little sink a little wigged out look out
closet space DVD player see what's in
here
Oh awesome where's the bathroom it's
under the seat look this is so crazy to
me guys like legit look just chillin
I've always wondered if I would ever
ride on a private jet
I even once in my life it is so crazy
that it happened in spur of the moment
this was a plan this was like last
second like Roman not kidding Carl for
me I was like I can pick you up in
Columbus tomorrow and we just jumped on
I was like yes let's go so it's crazy
and it's weird how things just get
thrown at you like that you've got it
you've got to just jump on the
opportunity maybe you will lead to
nowhere maybe it will lead to something
greater
I don't
all right that's our flight look how
many private jets there are out here
but just everybody's got one of these
things or what man how do we do it
start over
they go all the way back they just run
up
so now it's a we are trying to find a
hotel and it looks like just about
everything in this area is packed booked
out so it's always a mystery where we're
going
alright so yo I saw a nice overpass that
we could sleep at if we have to there's
a place it's funny that the hotel is
that is totally sold out I know so this
is what you have to deal with when we're
traveling all the time last-minute - we
have to build a fire
and I'm not gonna lie like I'm so used
to Brittany traveling with me when she's
not with me I'm like a lost baby raccoon
know where to go I don't know what to do
oh my god that is amazing they're just
right there they know they don't care
this is actually Bambi branded and
Bambi's new movie coming out we've just
arrived before we get our hotel we've
just arrived at Toys R Us
headquarters global Resource Center so
yeah the buyer said hey want you just
swing by and we're like we're actually
two minutes away so let's try I was
convenient downstairs and the scooby-doo
corridors of Toys R Us they must not
have time to set up your walkway Carl
all right so this is new brand new and
it's called creepy crawlies and me and
Roman have been working on this item for
how long dude a long time like three
weeks at least
actually YUM all right so we're actually
going to show you in a second so what
freaks you out more cockroaches
scorpions or spiders cockroaches
cockroaches really okay I would pick
spiders spiders freaked me out I just I
don't know they buy any bug
for the apartment gonna flat and then
you're gonna see how this G's right here
and then text up not closing in and then
just wave it over the top and then you
see how it like what happened like what
did you watch and then how are you
looking at your phone
she's so bugs on her hand and then she
flipped it there's a real bug on her
hand you didn't see it did you feel me
put it on there no so when you when I
grab your hand I move it around
that's gross so then you have different
ones you have you have spiders and
scorpions and you stick it on the back
of their hand that augments up in the
net so trick that's not even what we
came into but that's just a bonus these
are the memory I want it for later in
life there you go now this is Momo
training teach you how to tie your shoe
yes hey you ready yes yeah you need a
jacket welcome back to Ohio we are going
to dinner yes we are we're meeting my
mom for dinner and we I have to go in
town anyways to put a down payment on
the little donkey house that we're gonna
get caine wanted to see it so we're
gonna go in town and i am just trying to
find my other shoe are you gonna drive
behind me yeah you're gonna follow me
come on do I Drive like
let's eat with you
hey I'm here hey how'd you get this off
of him I stole it that let me saw it but
I was digging around the block woods my
life I'm not I found the keys in the
cabinet and I thought we took a private
jet today well then I think I should go
first been in there well she said good
we're gonna steal and steal these Romans
car there you go okay Kane mom oh you
guys do you guys so you guys approve of
the house for donkey yeah I think it's
gonna be nice yeah
mama'll says her in case it'll sit on
the front porch is it nice and roomy
back there no you got enough room hey my
seat up no my leg room it's just my head
room what sports car don't have a back
seat okay alright came you ready hey off
the Texas Roadhouse there is a fly in
here yep I'm not kidding this car hasn't
Monroe and I don't know maybe a week
Skye's been living on dust bunnies
yeah are you throwing your peanuts on
the floor yeah think that's this bigger
thing is going to be that
yes you taught him that
nice we went from private jet to motel 8
that now this is more up my alley so
everything so everything's so booked up
in this town everything's so booked up
that we have to share a room tonight
what bed you want oh we could push them
together have one - whoa it comes with
Cologne
yes monster yeah well you can have half
I guess mom for a at least feet that's
gonna take that one what we made it at
least we're good we got a nice hotel
here for the night everybody get some
food we ate was like a burrito on like a
little I'm at burrito so but we're gonna
be standing around together so I just
want to you know
warping over to the chart house look at
the view of this place sitting
overlooking New York City oh my gosh
definitely not in Ohio great suggestion
but definitely not know how anymore and
I'm gonna thank my man country because I
called him and he said I'm from New
Jersey it you the best place he wasn't
lying he called he called this place got
it all set up for us and got us a table
so thank you country suit man you're
sitting back here and you seeing that
view the whole time that's awesome yo yo
you're right this is a beautiful view
it's amazing but look they can't get us
in we just showed up banging on the
tables this view is out of this world oh
my yeah look at this table they cut
these are custom menus the at Woodbury
absolutely take a look outside to later
give me five on he hooked it up to okay
we are on our way home we dropped mama
off somebody's soul eat P are you tired
gene
make sure you stay awake it's nine
o'clock and he's like we're having a pop
in party night so I can take a nap and
I'm like home I don't know who came up
with poppin party I think those Romans
dad but it's where you stay up and watch
movie at night we are back home keen is
eating the little donut so there's this
little place called jolly pirates and I
drove by it and I was just like oh my
let something get some doughnuts are we
gonna watch trolls is that what we're
gonna watch Kim and I are gonna watch
that new movie that just came out trolls
and just cuddle up and relax I have the
calling hours showing tomorrow tell
everybody bye bye thanks for hanging out
with this and Ohioan up I know I'm not
vlogging tomorrow I'm not sure if Roman
is oh I'm guessing the next two days
which would be Friday and Saturday we
will not be vlogging but we do have some
pretty cool big exciting plans for
Saturday
so Sunday's vlog will be really neat uh
so yeah we love you guys yes we got more
spiders scorpions are gonna stand up
with the a they're gonna jump on me it's
nothing
just wave your hand he told you he was
scared up
I haven't been pranked in a long time by
far that's probably the best one nice I
said get a tool you got that I'm afraid
of spiders sit there you trying to pull
the prank off so that I'm the greatest
buy any really really big football fans
out there this guy's the man he took
that really well listen my viewers know
me and I know everything about sports so
I want you to ask me any questions about
sports just ask me oh well then we big
awareness it was
no smile samaya we found a remarkable
singer tonight
Amaya dude we got returned her music
over there but show you guys the newest
talent that's coming out of West ours
tomorrow right is she gonna do her thing
right here in the town so baby girl
that's the bar today guys thank you so
much for hanging out with me it's right
back to Ohio tomorrow and we have we
have so much to do at home just thanks
for coming along with me today I know it
was a lot different than usual and we
have so many little things we're working
on kind of on and off camera this new
that that prank kit thing that's not
even what we're working on that some
call and I designed a while back and
we're just kind of bringing it out I'm
super pumped to show you actually what
we're pitching to all these stores and
it's going really really well so it's
just another thing to get into and work
on and more projects you know keeping
keeping as busy as possible that's the
honest truth
love you guys so much you're beautiful
you're one of a kind smile more
you
