hey guys homeboy welcome to the vlog
guys we are starting a little different
than almost ever like we never start one
at breakfast we're eating in our room we
both didn't feel that great when we woke
up why am i so red what do that say I'm
sunburned but I'm not huge new people
dude look at that thing you see that
today's our last day in Vegas and most
of our day will be flying actually we
only have a few more hours here so Britt
and I used to watch the show called tank
do you guys know if you watch this
channel la they bill our smile more tank
and they have a show out here and we
watched showing every episode of their
show I want to go to the place where
they make the tanks so today on the way
to the airport we're gonna stop there
meet Brett and Wayde and hang out with
them they're gonna show us the place and
show us how they build the tanks
hopefully welcome to the vlog we are
trying to start a little earlier than
usual especially since we're gonna be
stuck on a plane most of the day pretty
much packed time we have so much to pack
up when we get into a place my dad
walked in is like it looks like you've
been here for two weeks there's no kids
and we blame it on the kids it is us the
kids wouldn't even mess it up this much
it's time to pack no my weird weird
geared weird gear oh yeah I don't know
if I showed you this I did tweet it
yesterday this is a little micro SD card
everybody asked how I did it this is how
I did it
never leave your cards in a card reader
I put it in my bag I brought it out and
this was snapped off I have no idea what
was on the car but I'm really happy it
wasn't the drone footage from yesterday
I would have been so bummed I think Las
Vegas is gonna be happy to see us leave
maybe take our Ohio weather back with us
we are officially out of here there's
cameras always blaring last night Kyle
talked me into playing a hundred dollars
on blacks
I don't gamble so for me it was like
heck frigging no but I did it anyway I
was then I was like alright let's just
do it
I lost a hundred dollars in probably two
minutes
I swear so Carl gave me a hundred
dollars to play with the next hand i won
two hundred dollars I took his hundred
gave it to him and I kept the hundred
and left so now I gotta go cash it out
just catch that
anything and just like that I'm leaving
Vegas with my $100 I never been a
gambler man I feel like honestly I never
had money before so once I did get money
I never felt like gambling would be the
proper way to use that money and my dad
always told me I could earn a million
before I won a million so I always stuck
to that it's a beautiful day in the
neighborhood
it's gonna be exactly the same when we
get home so in case you guys don't know
where we're going we're going to ATM
which is acrylic tank manufacturers
these are the guys from Animal Planet
and look like Animal Planet they flew
out and they built our aquarium you guys
know I love fish tanks and saltwater
reef and these are guys that came out
and built our tank and we were on their
show I've always wanted to go to the
building where they film their show and
that's where we're going right now
yes do er here this is so awesome dude
oh yeah I got my bags I was gonna leave
them that's the Vegas style huh hi
Trisha
this is so weird like watching your show
all the time man what up dudes
that's my son Bryce Chandler yeah
Joe see this is what got us the show
right here right here right yeah this is
the first this is the first idea that we
had turning a car into an aquarium look
at this aquarium no joke oh my gosh so
how long is it gonna take to get to my
house oh it's gonna take really long
don't blow this up man fish tank world
man every type of fish tank now that is
an eel right there you imagine feeding
him all right we saw a couple in today
just let him get some video video let's
get some let's get him let's get him
jazzed up real quick looks like it eat
me back in a minute all right hello
hello you camera shy man he just said
hello and I missed it hello there is
this is such a like exclusive
behind-the-scenes look he just showed me
where the tour goes they do tours here
every single day and this is like
backstage of that what you like mold yes
well we made your insert Adam right here
this is though there's a two-part epoxy
resin there's Wade make this every night
makes this together mixes it up and then
it basically turns into clay you mold it
and then that's how we make all that
goes into this this is actually like a
powder so it keeps it nice and fresh oh
that's a dunk tank girl loving football
and then this is season 7 baby yes seven
you can see it before it gets done but
we're turning a washer and dryer between
aquarium they've done it all by anything
you can think of they've done it as the
man got if we got chewy dye built your
tiny yes tank so this is how it starts
like a flat sheet guard see the flat
sheet gentleman that built your actual
inside he still want to do the smile
more good job oh he's gentle just look
at this carry on
yo look how he gets that out of there no
way you want weight literally just said
you take a bird they got all these herbs
like just take one we had over 48 birds
here we read home birds a lot of people
you know down the road they don't take
care of them they last over a year
they're beautiful animals and some
people actually their will will them to
other people we take the birds and we
take care of them we find them great
homes I think you guys would be a great
home you take care of the bird
absolutely with definitely you guys can
take a bird home with you today can't
take it today Thursday to carry cage
yeah Sarnia lines will start airline as
well stop stop we got like 500 animals
now
these are our new eels we're taking them
home you would be so creeped out that
thing would crawl out of the tank and
eat you in your office Brian you're a
good friend man we're off to the airport
man we're going home Brett thank you I
Pierce Lee he's taking us to the airport
too and his boy you're awesome dude
we're out of here out of the rainy
Las Vegas we need you to go man you
brought the rain time to bring back
exactly it is we curse this place where
is he where is he
hi buddy I'm not on the plane yet we're
waiting here's mommy we love you you
know Connor with me tonight sounds
perfect
you just riding this hoverboard around
you having fun dude
taking off put that music in there we'll
be home in just a few seconds late the
plane is what three and a half three
three and a half hours or somebody but
there's a three-hour time change it's
actually like six-hour time
we made it guys we made it back look at
this Airport it's 12:15 in the morning
so technically it's already current day
it's so weird to think about look at
this airport at 12:15 it's it anything
past midnight it's like a private air
airline that's a cool Jeep I love them
that plate was like minutes long I slept
for three hours I feel great I feel so
good you know why I slept because I
didn't get Wi-Fi on the plane so I'd had
no cellphone I just slept if I would've
got wife I'd have been up all scroll
Scroll scroll always good coming home to
no rain it's not raining in Ohio it
poured in Vegas for two days two and a
half
sorry Vegas if you live in Vegas I'm
sorry we brought the rain headed home it
is 12:30 in the morning our flight was
delayed and Keane is still up waiting
for us to go he's so excited he's pumped
I'm excited we're all we're like we're
like why are we so wide away I know why
I'm away because I took a nap
I'm like I have energy and feel really
good to go home and get tackled by your
kid I can't explain this unless you have
kids you already know I don't have to
explain it to you those II don't coming
home to a kid running at you you're
successful in life like that is the most
successful thing you can have in this
world is love for your child it's
unexplainable
I almost totally forgot Brittany felt
the first kick of our baby today like
kick me out of here oh my gosh
my flash Jesus baby it looks like a pile
of blankets little gainers he'd been
wanting to show me this since I left oh
my gosh dude it's so fast he's got his
routine planned out let's see it
what did you miss me little crazy doggy
wolf is back we're home guys we are home
safe and sound feels so good to have my
pillow then hotel pillows this week but
broke my neck game we uh we love you
guys thanks for coming out first going
with us and then coming home with us
thanks for everything
I got nothing else we are we're gonna
goof off for literally a few more
minutes and everybody's going to bed we
love you you are beautiful you are
one-of-a-kind
thank you for everything smile more
you
