welcome to the vlog guys I'm going to
try so much harder today for you I
failed I didn't fail I didn't upload a
vlog yesterday it was really short thank
you for understanding I was I just
crashed I crashed and burned bridges
booking flights we're headed home soon
very soon and I've got a pretty big I
think
big fun day lined up is it gonna rain
you gotta go I gotta go I gotta go so us
guys I guess you could say just us guys
are going out today Brittany and the
girls are going out Matt's wife and
they're gonna go out and do their thing
girls stuff you know probably just spend
money shop I'll see you later the best
so Brittany thinks I'm going out with
the guys but really I'm just here to
blow all our money at the casino dude
you guys know I don't gamble I mean I I
have like maybe $20 $30 I probably my
whole life maybe $100 total like my
whole life
we're headed out of the main Vegas city
where all the buildings are and we're
headed out to the desert what would you
say that we're actually doing today I
wouldn't say what we're doing I would go
just wait but I'm actually confused I
don't even know her too well I think
we're gonna blow up the part of it nice
that's what my plan is that's what my
hopes and dreams are got my dad my
brother Jason and Matt and a couple
other people meeting us at the location
and it should be overall an interesting
that fun thank you so much look at this
place guys this is a gun range look at
this place
Wow it's like a big part of me just
wants to hike like look at this place
how far you think this will make it if I
roll it this is rare for me to see aah
yo how much you just punch that well
this is a mess of money right here man
someone's been firing some belt-fed
stuff out here too look at all that this
is all 50 shelves right here so these
are yeah they're really expensive so
Jonathan from binary X exploding targets
is well you brought some stuff for us
yeah of high-velocity exploding target
stick we're gonna show you how to strip
a car down real quick he lives in Ohio
which means we got a hookup we're
neighbors like we got to do something if
you ever want to know where all those
taxicabs go in Las Vegas when they're
done they come here to the pro Gun Club
puns and tons of tax because when we
pulled up there must have been like 25
cars lined up so this is our car for
today my dad found a little gnome to put
on top he just looks mad we're trying to
figure out where to put this canister we
unlock the car Dale Oh
normally have that clicker button yeah
that's probably a problem this is like a
taxicab graveyard out here
total destruction of this one look at
this guy so crazy just to see like all
the old holes and this cars obviously
been on fire let's see if the bullets
are on the other side oh my gosh the
exit wound is way worse than the entry
I've like totally switched into a hoodie
I had it's really cold it's raining up
which is rare for Vegas it's not a rainy
place you're in the desert it's usually
sunny at least warmest she's compared to
Ohio it feels just like Ohio right now
since the weather sucks we're gonna go
straight for this car we're not gonna do
any shooting we're just gonna blow this
thing up I'm gonna put a GoPro out here
and I'm gonna put my drone right in the
line of fire I built like a on the go
fro out there I've built like a rain
shield like out of old plastic put rocks
on it so hopefully the lens stays clear
nice yeah I'm pretty crafty dude I don't
know no so I'm gonna put this baby in it
like I'm going up in it
chucked it yeah I'm gonna take that all
got to is that thing waterproof I'm
gonna find out I think it is okay that's
insane look at that that's awesome
buzz-buzz can't even see it gone
you ready range is going hot
go from still here
that's a good sign and we're still
recording what the heck dude this is
where the car was 50 20 feet that is
unbelievable
whoa it like caved in all the metal yeah
hey you have it guys one taxi down I
really hope you enjoyed that that was
the one of the biggest explosions I've
ever been a part of that was amazing
and I can't believe it flipped the car
in like it smashed all of the car in as
if it was hit by a vehicle like a bus
hit it it's so wet we're drenched we're
soaked we're having fun thanks for
joining us and trying to make up for
yesterday and giving you a nice long
vlog today totally crashed and burned on
my part and I just I just I just failed
love you guys thanks for being here on
the short days the long days the fun
days the boring days slow days the great
days the beautiful days the hot days the
cold day there you go hit the plate
alright guys we're all dried up we're
warping back to the show if you watch my
30 second vlog yesterday we're at the
gun show and a lot of you said please do
more and I thought it would be
completely opposite I thought you guys
would be like please no more we're here
maybe show you a couple more cool things
and then we're gonna read stories out of
a Harry Potter to make up some time that
would be yeah I would watch that
that's what you're doing yeah the whole
time
race car oh oh sorry you just say copy
here hit yo it's finally nice to meet
you man we got a hookup I know I don't
know I don't know if I should look into
the camera or look into you or what how
does this work we can stand like this
say like this talk chat about richard
ryan guys big gun guy i've been gun yet
I mean bigger than mine just like well I
mean standing next to Matt this is the
exact gun I got my dad for christmas f
what mrs. F ones boot date next they
aired that gun so that my dad could have
it for Christmas like I can't thank them
enough for that that's the gun check out
these look at this one
yo this wood boy yeah but the red boy oh
it's actually heavy smashed car on the
face by the way Carl just flew into
Vegas to hang out so welcome okay check
out this clay pigeon launcher do skeet
shooters fully automatic rotational
it's like a Gatling gun what are we
waiting for
we both just bought target clay pigeon
shotguns this year in this booth they
sell military dogs and these are the
dogs of war and they basically like dude
they have a little parachute unit goes
on his back yeah
that is awesome very well trained you
guys need some more armor for your
backyard look at this dude I bet a gun
comes out oh nice dude we need them all
match we promised everyone you promised
I'm totally gonna have one of these to
do paintball nights we can both have one
of those no one would get hit
all right we're switching gears we are
headed to dinner I don't know where
we're going but look at this 10 - 360
360 cam wait did you did you really get
us a limo this is on this is beyond from
f1 farms it's pretty cool hanging out
with you man limos Wow we are we're
headed to dinner in a limo which is hot
you know my last limo experience didn't
go so well
I don't know if you guys know but I
actually flipped the way ya flipped it
were you driving he was we have
interesting limo experience I think the
next one might be a school bus let's do
it let's do it
trying to place called Fleming's never
been here stakeout time steak house and
one here's the thing everybody's wearing
suits and like nice clothes and I'm we
kind of laid-back
you always look good pops we go we're
going in nope no funny business call
this place is really busy in a real
but we got a beautiful table I must sit
beside this beautiful girl
well she's carrying our baby that is
I've never seen that done before and
what's the what's the maximum amount of
plate 7yo that is a huge steak best
steak in Las Vegas so far beyond thank
you so much man he's awesome steak huge
now for two man chanting it back and
still finishes before you she's killing
it guys
okay this this is the newer style limo
so I don't know how this whole thing I
switched around Matt but you're looking
pretty good over there bro pretty good
headed back to the hotel and megafest
eaten house Vegas is truly incredible it
doesn't matter what time it is before
2:00 in the morning 3:00 p.m. it's
packed
there's people gamblin there's people
partying and people drinking I must say
this it's also we were being in Vegas
and not drinking I don't drink
Brittany's pregnant she don't drink the
hallway goes so far that you can't even
see every direction look at that man
we're back in the room I'm showing Matt
for the first time this I think it came
out really good did this is the drone
footage I have not seen this is the
GoPro that shock wave going to the rain
look at that yeah that that's what it is
he said it would look really good in the
rain ii figured out i thought it was the
powder is water all in the air here you
can't see it but and then the drone
you can't see that car moving huh not it
all just disappears like where was the
drone of the Droid where's the car it's
just you look in the hood I think it's
the hood it goes all the way out here
you guys hear the sound totally Sherman
it's a sound fact I found it's a sound
effect dude it's not the real sound
because when you slow it down so slow
the sound goes away and the drone
doesn't it sounded great it does sound
good but the drone doesn't film audio at
all so I just put that sound and that's
good and then that's my intro come on
yeah see on the most important part
uh-huh we'll see oh wow look how gross
it is there was stuff like if you watch
that video there's stuff line sensors or
something yeah covered in junk
that's why wires just kept going brand
new nasty drunk you can't baby your
equipment in this business leave you
gotta had to put the drone at now after
watching the video I wish I went even
closer was worth it but if I was closer
you wouldn't see the it was worth it or
made a sacrifice your drill well that is
gonna do it for the vlog guys thank you
for coming to Vegas with us we are out
of here in fact by the time you're
watching this we're on an airplane or
maybe we're at the airport hope you guys
enjoyed today the explosion I'm not
kidding I've been sitting around my
computer watching this over and over
like slow-mo fast-forward Reverse it's
just so amazing to me I don't know that
all being said we're gonna take off
we're gonna get some sleep
editing blah blah blah we have some
things to do in the morning here in
Vegas before we go home so we have some
cool stuff before we go love you guys
thank you again thanks for the love the
support the likes everything we owe you
guys so much we love you you beautiful
one-of-a-kind smile more
you
you
