yep just turn the vlog right now are you
ready you tell me if you're ready oh
wait you should leave one of the parts
where you mess up where I let someone to
make like a song remix of all your mess
oh my gosh welcome to the vlog guys
we've got a very kind of hectic busy day
today preparing for tomorrow and
yesterday's vlog I told you that we have
a really crazy crazy day plan but I
ended that vlog on current day today so
technically it's tomorrow are you
confused yeah me too
no and I just ran out real fast we're
headed home right now in fact let me
start the car and get warm it's cold
cold did ya its we're headed home got a
couple things to do and we're probably
gonna raw vlog a little bit for you and
make the best out of today so that we
can prepare for tomorrow
couple things roll up about we got a
clean dude and we got to get rid of that
limo guys how are we getting rid of that
limo leave that face you get that face
like I know what we're doing with that
limo yeah we can't just tow it off and
junk it we got to do something more with
it it's still a there's still a whole
car there you tell me I like I like your
ideas as much as you like most of mine
how many times have we walked into this
house on the vlog Channel hey hey yo hey
dude oh you just want to know what I got
you I thought you were coming to hug me
okay couple quick things real fast no
one I rented the gas station before I
left I asked Kane do you want anything
and he said surprise me with a bottle of
water Ted that's the only thing I asked
for as they both not really surprise me
get you bottled water so I bought you a
bottled water that I've never bought in
mind our life
it's a Voss is that cool look at that
bottle it's a vial of water from
scientists with the regular bottle you
only think Brittany asked for was this
chocolate cookies which for the first
time ever I couldn't find them no games
like I want chocolate cookies
yep we got those for Kane we totally we
totally junk dog in today so to be
honest with you guys like I said today
is a little hectic for us because we got
a plan for tomorrow Debbie and said I
have a couple things I personally need
to do that four-wheeler is still in the
back of the truck the trailer still on
the truck it's still out in the yard
like it's a mess I haven't even showed
you guys this no no idea it's a whole
little secret so I think the first thing
I should do before I really get settled
in here is go get the trailer off the
truck and get that four-wheeler in the
garage has to happen before we leave yes
I already feel so bad that we've left
it's been like almost a week it's been
outside it's terrible wait see you like
it you love it
bottles cool right it's like a water
bottle you can keep it that's why I got
it
I asked him if I could have a drink he's
like mom get your own bottle you found
this on the floor what's up lazy dogs
what up lazy boy yeah I flashy the kids
have been hooked on this um what's VR
but it's this client game we're
basically yeah extreme client and it
feels crazy when you fall I can't wait
till VR becomes pump like everybody has
it when it gets down to two three on a
bucks like a PlayStation inside that
thing's so cool that's your baby mmm no
you ain't I know most of you been with
us since we got flash he's just the
craziest dog we were just thinking is it
still called is it still called
hog-tying if you dog time was the
country girl coming out of bread how
great he could have ended up in so many
different homes we got him at the pet
store and we forgot that he actually was
a returned dog a family bought and
brought him back the next day so he
ended up with us we're lucky to have him
actually he's been he's actually been a
really cool dog he definitely wins the
crazy face award I've ever seen dogs
make faces like he does at least we got
some sunshine today man look at that
it's been a while for us I swear I mean
look at my yard guys look at my yard
that I care so much about a lot of
people don't know this about me but I've
never driven with the trailer before
this week was my first time ever this is
what you're using instead of like a
brick a brick I don't have anything
really I certainly don't use the weights
this bad don't watch okay wait you
didn't do this the other day because you
didn't know how no I couldn't figure out
to get it off so you figured it out oh
so the other day actually actually when
we did the play button video I couldn't
figure out how to take the trailer off
so it's been sitting in the yard on the
truck with the quad I backed up when he
had it pulled down and scraped the
driveway yeah you know it was this whole
time was this little bolt right there is
that all I gotta do now is pick the quad
off and oh actually before I do that
girls have been hanging up a lot more of
your fan art thank you guys so much for
sending this if there's just so much and
there's actually a lot more than this I
mean there's so much I think we have an
entire room dedicated to just fan art
and we're just trying to get it all hung
up thank you so much for sending us this
we love your art and we want to do the
whole store and the stuff so I always
film myself coming off this thing and
just in case I fall know you guys would
love to laugh at them I didn't fall but
the camera didn't even record so if I
did fall I would've been really bummed
crazy dogs okay dumb idea and he thinks
he's gonna do it right now
hey wait wait wait sit back down
sit back down lift your feet the pickle
bandit you have a pickle bandit
I've been hinting that I wanted to try
360 on my bike it's still gross it's wet
muddy outside so I want to try I'm not
gonna go to land into that what that's
kind of what makes me want to try this
so bad what if you break something like
not like bone wise like something the
house will try it here I'm still like at
risk of running into stuff hitting
things that's what I'm talking about so
I should move this chair at least at
least
oh my gosh there goes your phone we're
gonna come from it most men in your
pockets a bad first job they did it
break no you got so unhappy forever let
me tell you guys something I have a
brand new 7 is it a 7
yeah got it when it came out still with
my six never even opened it out of the
box
I'm so lazy you won't leave me chase his
boy he's like that there's a limo out is
he gonna get old man why is everybody
are you old you are getting on hey kids
come down here watch daddy hurt himself
and break something in the house yeah
really
oh wow that was actually pretty
impressive when I take my phone and Adam
taught me I have to I have to keep my
head and I definitely straight in my
head that's scares you want to straight
your head because you think you're gonna
be so excited right now
I can tell by the pitch of his voice
there are camera man
you see people do this stuff like that
you gotta give them so much more credit
it's harder than look here's so much out
of breath we talk about he's like
alright I'm playing the live can you're
leaving me oh man he's going in VR world
corner that couch look like a like a
dragon I think my ankles land back there
are you ok it's been something been
building up in my head that I want to do
flat ground 360 I know I can do it no I
know I can do it
oh my ankle Straubing dude oh oh I'm
trying to put in like I dig your I
really did it's so lame you know it's
weird as it is it's it felt like I've
broken both bones and both arms before I
kind of had that weird like numb
sensation I was like uh-uh but it's
getting cool now it's like oh here's the
thing I know I can do it what are you
talking about breaking stuff who's
saying that you've just said it here's
what sucks I know I can do it any more
time like I need more I think outside
I'll nail it one more one more dude
nobody wants to see me fit actually
everybody wants to see me fit up I want
to actually complete it mission complete
three trips this will be the third trick
360 off the box success off the counter
success 360 flat ground
I'm really close I'm gonna set the
camera up try it one more time dude
you're gonna watch you're gonna want to
see this what so my brother kids just
got here which gives me even more reason
to land this 360 Dale you think I can do
a 360 on this bike I know how to make
you make 360 you let it out that is the
worst idea you're not gonna not make
that if Kane's laying there terrible
idea
Burt's grandpa got to go home not not
because he's doing well it's actually
not that good but it's good he got his
wish to go home so that's where it's
gonna go okay I'll see you later okay
love you when mom's away the kids will
play isn't that the wrong you said you
always had it on your first try first of
all it may sound really silly but I'm
super proud of myself for sticking to
that and landing that little trick
simple trick for a lot of people for me
it was I guess not bad I did it maybe
ten tries less than nothing I have to do
today is look at this got to get this
mop busted up man look at that I think
I've had cousins Florida those oh wow
my gosh we're gonna get all this cut off
for our big day tomorrow
Simon I don't know why I keep saying
that don't don't think it's anything
that crazy but it's just a lot for us
john has upgraded his seat 1920 said
1920s 1920 this is all this is I wonder
how many haircuts this thing has seen if
you can just make me look probably happy
with 19 again 19 can you buy me some
time he's like I can't I honestly didn't
realize how long my hair was he's got
long look at that
look I got peacock or a cockatoo
cockatoo cockatoo I used to have one
when I was looking I don't know what it
looks like so I don't know exactly we're
at right now in the vlog but I am going
to end you with this wind in the
vlogging it ready for tomorrow it's a
lot for us to get ready and just uh I
don't I don't even know why I keep
saying it's a lot of a blah it's it's
just we got a lot to do off-camera
basically is what I'm saying I also want
to say as well if you are watching at
this point in the vlog thank you so much
thanks for hanging out and being such a
massive part of my family your your your
not just with us you're here for us and
it is just unbelievable guys from my
whole family and myself
thank you so much you guys are
everything to us and we truly love you
and
I just want to say this and remind you
and I say this all the time this is
nothing now stay positive guys there's
there's so much going on in all of our
lives nothing it if you look at anybody
and think their life is perfect it's
just crazy that's not possible all we
can do is fight for positivity there
there's so much negativity weighing down
on us all day the only thing we can do
is fight to get out of it it's a famous
saying and I didn't come up with it but
that is a negative mind will never give
you a positive outcome you're not
anything to just try it give it try for
an hour's positive baby think positive I
also want you to remember this misery
loves company people that are miserable
love to make other people miserable it
brings you to their level don't do that
don't bring people down man there's
nothing wrong with trying to let people
up absolutely nothing I applaud you if
you have the energy in your day to make
somebody smile make somebody happy make
someone's day man
I love you guys just don't forget how
great you are you're great man for the
rest of your life there will always be
people trying to bring you down that's
just part of life I'm not on here to
tell you guys that tomorrow is gonna be
the greatest day of your life I am here
to help you guys get a little lift maybe
a fraction of inspiration from watching
my videos man I hope I hope a little bit
that you get that I love you guys
everything I have I will see you
tomorrow you're beautiful you're one of
a kind
smile
you
you
