all right here we go it is 5:30 ish a.m.
5:40 in the morning you're thought um ah
I shouldn't even be filming right now
I'm trying to I want to do my best to
them as much of this as possible it is
before 6:00 a moment's but at 1:30 am
with poor get up what time and she went
back to sleep
yeah I rocked a little bit so we've got
five frigates to go to sleep like
full-on sleep here shortly
there's like a big storm gone out there
guys we're on our way
for Brit to have her surgery done today
and why is surgery so early
why is surgery always so early I don't
do well I'm at night I love being up at
night which cost me my mornings guys so
uh let's travel 45 minutes hopefully my
voice sounds better months ago
all right little girl how you feeling
got your little to-go bag
yeah I'm still zombie still still sleepy
still dark out it's getting light you
ready yeah
same I'm super like I don't know it's
like a weird feeling let's go let's just
get it over with alright sure your
little road for the next couple of weeks
no no no no no no no um so this is this
is going down guys this is this is uh
I mean years in the making Brisbane if
anything I'm the reason she hasn't done
this already I I've talked her out of
doing this so many times now you know
we've had we've had Cora she's a
year-plus
old and you know she really wants to do
this I'm right here beside her I don't
know how I should be in bed right now
she's getting her gown on I'm gonna do
my best to film obviously not the
surgery part gonna keep the super family
friendly super PG alright you ready
I never said once I open this curtain
they're coming in like take it your way
I'm ready
yeah okay they're gonna they're gonna
let me you're gonna try to stay awake
that's the whole goal right now okay
it's the stay awake challenge I think
she can do it they see they're going to
what's it what's they always win you can
do this baby so it's time to head back
I'm not gonna stay for any of it but
we're gonna get the basically hurt
trying to stay awake while they put her
down really ready are you serious
ya know you gotta help me I just hold a
camera yeah holy moly
how you feeling how are you feeling
yeah it's game over yeah my heart is
literally pounding like it's nerves
no it's like a NASCAR race in here how
you feeling
I love you okay it's gonna smell like
you plastic because it is take some nice
deep breaths for me
nice dress give me a thumbs up nice nice
big depressed okay I want you to give me
ten is the biggest deepest pressure good
thing now here's what we're going to
give you the medicine managerial sleepy
okay nice to meet thick up
it's fine Brittany how you doing
starting to spam can you say hi
my baby Wow
all right guys I am mom that was
actually really strange I don't know
what it was like watching Britt just
like go limp ball asleep it's really
creepy to me uh that's really
uncomfortable I don't know it's strange
I know she's good she's great
everything's good it just it felt weird
like watching her just not being on to
communicate with me for I don't know it
was weird I don't like that I love her
so much what you're just fall asleep I
got creeped me out anyway I hope you
guys are having an awesome day we wanted
to so badly not actually put any of this
into it like I didn't want how do I say
this is one of them things were like we
can't hide it and we film for all and
this is what we do for a living but it's
just something we can't like I would
much rather not ever show you guys that
we've done this but you're gonna know
and I'd rather show you and have all
these videos start coming out Britney
did this Britney it's gonna come out no
matter what so why not bring you guys
along personally I know it's weird it's
a lot strange but we have put our lives
on the internet so it's part of what we
do it's a double-edged sword some things
we want to show some things we don't but
I'd rather show you than some other
person on YouTube anyway I have like two
hours but it's gonna be under for two
hours I have some prescriptions that I
can go fill and just have that stuff
done the cars on e I can just get some
things done while I wait I don't know I
can't I'm helpless I can't do anything I
think that's what creeps me out
it's just like when she was pregnant
there's like when it came down to it I
felt so useless and helpless I felt so
bad for her even though she said I did a
lot let's go o for another hour dude
another hour open gasps check check
check check
$96 I am that guy right now I am
literally that guy right now hey buddy
your guest things open all right guys
I've just worked back to the room wait
for breath to come back swinging for bed
to wheel in here
we can miss this girl so much right now
like I cannot wait to see her horrible
man like I can't wait to get home and
this would be over with like she awake
you gotta pee you don't remember falling
asleep you fell asleep in so sleepy so
bright you know like a dimmer it's from
that six-pack that's perfect freakin
rich to you like a million times
I missed you too honey could you even
remember anything
I remember getting on that bed but
remember breathing air but you were out
like wow I didn't like watching that I
know it's so weird you just like
disappeared I don't know me though me
too said I had to wear the suit so I'm
going let's do it
well if she's feeling better she's
starting to come awake she's allowed to
have a little drinks now and we'll be
out of here and like she said 45 minutes
we're out we're leaving going home get
you home girl did amazing getting home
baby
get harder yeah that's like in and out
yeah how you feeling good get some water
I just use my hand like over and it was
like uh so she's pretty much laid up for
a solid like not laid up a couple days
super super easy and then like a week of
like easy and then like two weeks of
like easy medium it's a long process
it's like six months of actual recovery
nuts nuts
okay how are you feeling we guys we are
home we're back home we've taken
I slept longer but we've just taken a
very neat Napper is obviously got marker
all over you yeah the doctor like marked
her all up so how you feeling the pain
medicines making you feel about it than
you are if I didn't have pain medicine
right now I'd probably be crying we were
driving home and she's like I feel good
I think you need to go home and rest
like don't use so much energy
yes just like chill relaxed there's like
a two or three I would say but I don't
know about your two or three pain like
you've she had Cora in our bed natural
no not a single pain kill nothing so
your two to three might be higher than
most people like it reminds me after I
had Cora and I was just kind of walking
around like I wasn't there you good to
go I wasn't in crazy pain but I wasn't
not you know it was that yeah so she's
all wrapped up she's gotta stay like
this for a while right now yeah she's
everything else she's all wrapped and
padded and safe and everything came out
so good so good so good but yeah we're
gonna take it easy
however it's Veronica it's her sister's
actual birthday today and everyone her
mom set up camp rouse yeah we ordered
flowers you order flowers from her for
her birthday build it Brian went over
and we paid to have their entire
driveway redone it was a mess it's
really cool but yeah you want to grab
dinner and cake and yeah that's right
we'll just show you what we're doing for
us today but yeah we're home Brits good
which is everything and yeah good job oh
you can't do that so yeah let's go
check on the placement it's like all
nice and calm in here in peaceful out
here this way so she brought the camper
and like she brought around grills like
we have a girl kids are out here party
what's up dudes
yeah I'm fun hello all right can you run
across
one Bush shoe my flash hi baby
let's uh let's just turn the rest of
this video into a straight home family
vlog man very chill very real I got to
make sure she rest I don't think you're
supposed to be moving around don't
what's up
why do you say what you're acting all
skittish I get these flies off your nose
look at that
hey what's up baby Wow sup guilt
what up Gil ready ready
hi and a smile is that you are you
making hair no we say her mom set up a
camper her mom set up a camper hate our
driveway you having fun oh man it feels
like Friday it's Thursday
these kids got school tomorrow it feels
weird everybody is the grill is on the
kids are playing Brittany's chillin I'm
gonna give some love to one of our
sponsors Dollar Shave Club I literally
like was looking at not just like Dollar
Shave goes not just razors guys like I
was looking at myself as is what a mess
first of all but it's hair products
right it's toothpaste it's but why just
like they have everything you need to
get ready in the morning you're not
feeling good you need to get up take
that shower they are all the products to
back you up
make you feel better make you look
better like me right now I could use a
shave club I'm gonna show you what you
get from these guys I also want to say
thank you for supporting Dollar Shave
Club you guys supporting them allows
them to support us it's huge it is such
they've been with us for a little while
now we love having around let me show
you what you get this kit right here is
available at dollarshaveclub.com slash
Roman obviously I'll link it in the top
of the description but check it out I
don't want you guys to just think Dollar
Shave Club is razors okay they send you
all this stuff
Bob wipes I wasn't kidding like this is
legit I think it's genius I got I got
babies I know the power than things it's
good for adults
yeah see you get you get multiple of
those you get the shave butter you get
the body cleanser this is like you know
you get the super nice full-on razor
which this would be more
 this we weigh more than five bucks
in the store and it comes with a pack
erasers come on baby come on baby wait
one two three four and more one wipes
Dollar Shave Club is basically giving
away their essential starter kits
everything you need for the morning get
you up get you started and London icers
right now alright guys you know the
drill top link in the description check
out Dollar Shave Club up as I said
before it's a nice gift it's great for
you check it out what don't corn at
your Cora corner piece of corn
okay you ready yes wait the kids aren't
lit they're not gonna like the candles
earth birthday Bobby
it's bappy hearth Dei babbi hearth de
language she won't say it right she
refuses who was it Cora oh we got a
cookie thief we got us a cookie thief
such a diva
geez don't even want it okay guys so I
actually thought we were gonna do a lot
more of this evening but we're just
gonna rest up Bert's gonna rest up and
we're gonna watch some TV or something
like that you're watching a Big Brother
I don't know if I can yeah we're trying
to build like position he's really weird
right now cuz you're actually starting
to guess or like it's starting to kick
in
mazi me Rob seriously yeah so anyway
we're trying to like position this
pillow
it's like wraps around her it's pretty
much just us adjusting pillows for the
last 10 we got two more hours before you
take anything so thank you guys for
coming along with us on such a weird
strange day since we took a nap when we
got back it feels like yesterday don't
you feel like today so I don't know what
this vlog is gonna be like thanks for
being a part of it though thank you for
giving us some likes I know there's a
lot of people that will find flaws in
all our videos so if you support us if
you like our Channel
please throw a like on this baby don't
like I'm this bad boy I'm literally
fixing what I have and not yeah that's
alright we're not to give them all the
details we love you guys thank you so
much um that's all I got for today we
will see you soon I get this girl comfy
and let her watch some shows I'm just
gonna hang out beside her hanging Cora
or camping with with Nana
so we got that we got the whole we're
gonna sleep out here tonight all right
that's a weird night at that what else
yeah I love it love you guys thank you
so much for still being a part of this
family we'll see very very soon yeah
we'll just leave it at that
the big announcement for the the DD is
coming I promise
I'll see you soon you're beautiful
you're one of a kind smile more
you
