well welcome to the vlog guys how are
you it's breakfast time Noah's in here
just killing it I made the sausage we're
rolling here it's uh it's a you got to
eat that egg too that got covered in
cheese give it a flippin boy oh you cook
that one trash trash trash always lots
of trash hope you guys are having a
great day we're just getting our started
Brittany should be coming in any second
from smile more and we are up we got
some things to do today
we got what we need to get the red quad
fixed you guys know I pop the back of
your tire on the leg squat so we're
gonna take that over hopefully get that
fixed we got some snow which means we
got the hot dog to blow up we got the
other inner tube to blow up we got out
how's your sandwich cuz you made this
all by yourself
bagel and so yeah guys welcome uh we're
staying out right now kind of wait for
brick to be done and then we get our day
started
sometimes good warp overtake the Quebec
look how it's leaning from the flat tire
looks so sad back there and cold you
already started the blog today yeah yeah
where you been for the last two days
everybody's wondering
everyone's I couldn't find mine some
reason every day I leave Mike in the
same spot I woke up this morning
couldn't find it so I'm using canes the
one cane wrote his name on I like your
camera cane dawn my you're a grandpa and
then I would spend some time with my
grandpa
the nursing home he's gotta do therapy
pretty much get healthy enough to go
home in case you don't know maybe weeks
and weeks and weeks ago I told you guys
in the vlog that her grandpa was some
bad things had come up and cancer and
they did find cancer and they they think
that they've removed it all which is
absolutely amazing Britney's been
spending time there and doing a whole
bunch of the things they told me these
were pot proof tires let's see if this
thing even starts I like I'll have an
empty case of 50 BMG ammo come on baby
can you do it it's so muddy guys I feel
bad bringing it it's price so called
like a glove look at that tire squared
like a tank
they're gonna fix it they're gonna fix
it easy breezy
they said they'll have it done today
maybe that's pretty fast what what's the
face for I think it's a worm why didn't
their worms on the floor it was in the
site it was on the sidewalk
oh look does that Frank I think it's the
collar I think it's the colors it
doesn't look real yo do these worms are
delicious so we got her yeah we got to
run into like a farm supply store I got
a funny story about the quad damn sue
stood on flash yeah oh that is this
family I was just about to say the same
thing about you oh there's Britt in the
morning my gosh this looks like the
turtle that does they're like huh have
you seen that video
I don't know so here's my store I'm
gonna make it quick about flush you
sorry can we get a blowtorch it's just a
common question here you remember when
don't set that there you can put your
wallet there and forget it never gonna
tell this story all right maybe a couple
months ago Dale and I lit off I don't
know how many thought maybe 3000 bottle
rocket how many thousands I forget we
use the flamethrower at the end we still
had gas in the flamethrower so I had to
empty that gas that gas is mixed with
diesel fuel so how did gas can't empty I
was like I'm gonna put it back in here
and then I can put it back in the
flamethrower whenever I need it
I ended up forgetting about it and
putting that tank which had diesel fuel
and gas mixed into that brand-new red
Honda I had to cut my air compressor
hose that I can siphon all the gas out
of the gas tank and mix new gas into the
gas what exactly long story short I
messed up had to drain the whole tank
put new gas in it and now I need a new
nozzle to fill up our tires I know it
doesn't even make sense do you know how
many how many power strips do we have at
that house a 10 do we have like it looks
like a Walmart of power strips in our
house okay but we're standing at welding
supplies this is welding supplies
this isn't even air compressor air
compressor here's what we need right
here and now I need the attachments okay
Green's fine you guys like you like that
one you look like you're a pyro trying
to figure out a math question I am the
hose goes into the air compressor this
is like a kid it does it all Sasha are
you sure you don't need anything else
honey you're forgetting something oh yes
you are a big component component Holmen
not at all sure yes a hundred percent in
this aisle a hundred percent yes I
thought me talking like that would mean
like I'm smarter than you and I know
something you know it made me question
my like maybe I am forgetting something
I think this will do it are you sure
so guys what happened was to clarify
this ridiculous story I ended up having
to cut my original hose which was only
ten foot long five foot long it was
really short cutting it here so that
could suck the gas out of gas tank do
that again so now you have a 50 foot
hose well that way you can write all the
way out of the garage we can pump up
stuff in the driveway Kane they got your
beds on sale dude $9.99 you would love
to do that the question is are we having
a boy or a girl soon five more weeks
five more weeks just get public where's
my boys at zoos okay so we're back home
if you guys missed yesterday's vlog we
did this crazy RC sledding and it worked
really well but look check this out I
put a I put a front light I put a front
light on it and check this out tail
lights dude for nighttime this is like
okay so when you're driving it when you
taking it out definitely check out your
streets bug if you didn't see it it was
such a fun I don't know why but it just
stuck to me as one of my favorite things
we've ever done probably just because
it's our season
okay what are you doing the sticker
we're gonna eat real quick unfortunately
we gets dark so darn early but it looks
like we'll be playing in the dirt I
think my brother and the whole family's
coming over his kids so we're gonna go
out by Bernie's kids energy go crazy
little Empire vegetable soup baby who
are you loving life right now flash are
you just loving like heads buried in me
so not only did soother flash chew all
the foam out but it's frozen yeah it is
time we're all fed we've eaten Dale and
his kids are here we're gonna bust out
this hot dog Hot Diggity Dog look at
that chunk of ice I'm gonna spawn for
sure let's do this huge this is what
real fun looks like right there a big
flat hot dog yes yes yes
oh my gosh that's gonna be so fun
big red went to the shop today as you
guys know to get Tyra fixed we're
breaking out the LTZ and there's not
that much snow so it's only two wheel
drive so it'll be fine in this amount of
snow all right
everybody pile on taking it back
everybody keep an eye on each other so
it falls off yeah I can't believe we
talked you into this you better hold on
there we go
you're the dog dude come on Zeus come on
the underhook flash wants the ride do
you wanna be
absolutely getting the most out of our
snow we don't have a ton but it's still
fun
whoa you gotta run you gotta get on man
down
man down Go Go
well of course your dad being an amateur
vlogger that he has missed the first
crash of the night how's it feel how you
feeling right now
he went knee first into a hole over here
can't really see it Wow
just keep walking off dude walk it off
for a moment you were just holding onto
the back with two hands just dragging
his body pretty awesome I don't know if
the hot dogs as fun as the extra one or
two because you don't slide sideways
it's not a drifter but it's cool cuz all
the kids can play yeah cuz your knee
gets all jacked up you have fun out here
oh you gonna sleep good flash what did
you find you just dig up a treasure huh
it's freezing and bubbling at the same
time but oh because it's carbonated
carbonated water is about 30 seconds to
free oh yeah solid yeah that's crazy 30
seconds to freeze it's cold dude call
the pizza man sprinkler on your back
steps and just let it be wicked hey I
think we're gonna get fogged up here
let's try it
Brett you know what come ride the hot
dog the hot diggity dog mom
I mean it we're about to have a shadow
puppet competition never seen before so
far there is I don't know what that is
ah
now I messed up because I said I think
you're the Alfred Hitchcock Alfred
Hitchcock intro yeah doesn't look like a
bunny dude doesn't look like a bunny
don't brother versus projector and a
really really old game that we played
when we were little kids I wonder when
this game came out we can find out but
look at this this is our original Sega
Genesis oh my you know it's not a bad
dust for like twenty years
yeah in this thing works does it work no
but he brought over an old Sega now I
remember the actual reason we got to say
get had this four player adapter it was
like one of the first things I remember
being able to play four players so we
got it in this game general chaos I'm
scared even pop it out yeah I don't
don't pop it this game right here really
was fun I mean we spent a lot of time
with it dad used to play with us yeah it
was the hit so here's the game it's
basically one of the first multiplayer
war games that I remember it's for
players you each have two people and you
run around and try to destroy so I
started to play I can't play with one
hand but you see the concept oh we got a
oh he got me it's good it's still fun
you got the TNT guy the flamethrower guy
machine gun bazooka
fire in the hole okay there's always
close combat so you Duke it out it's
Dale verse me right now oh yeah I gotta
get a haircut so bad look at this mess
you should have saw it when you took
your beanie off probably did with it we
had an awesome night here's the young
here comes the yarn box all day long
allergic to me I think you'll become
allergic to the dogs or something maybe
pregnancy is like making y'all I mean
crazy crazy is a pretty normal word for
we had an awesome night man we hung out
with the family we played games and we
kind of burn up a lot of time it's
really late it's like one of the more I
stuff to edit this whole vlog because we
have to get up in the morning and Wow
we're trying to secretly book our
vacation yeah we are booking a vacation
with that it's actually a lot of you
guys call it a holiday we call it a
vacation but yeah we're trying to go
like on you guys remember how we usually
do like a whole family thing
so we're trying to do that all night
tonight too so it's good to have you
back it's good to have you back like
honestly she's like two days I was like
you haven't been in the vlog like she's
we were doing a lot but I was like I'm
just doing stuff with the kids I'm
filming I realize like you know it's
like weird like taking care of stuff or
like yeah it's been a little it's been a
little hectic guys like I'm gonna be
honest with you like creating the vlogs
of the last few days it's been like I
mean it's just been me and the boys
which is awesome like that's our day we
have things that like we don't put on
camera you know medical stuff or there
with her family it's like nice not
something we put the cake hey how you
feeling like I don't want to do that but
other than that it's been great and it's
been a great day so thank you guys for
joining us
hope you're feeling good I hope you're
Rob I hope you're staying positive
I know it's hard it's tough it's hard on
everybody like it's not easy for anybody
it's just life there's so many things
being thrown at us every day like don't
don't get down if you're if you're upset
a little bit like it's just life is the
as part of her life we love you guys so
much we will try to help you stay
positive every single day and we love
you you're beautiful be one-of-a-kind
smile
you
