whoa welcome to the vlog guys we have no
outlet anywhere over here so when I work
I have to I usually put this there put
this there and then BOOM then I have a
little bridge is an accident waiting to
happen for sure how are you hope you're
having a great day we're just getting
started it's good day it's beautiful
it's sunny the dogs are crazy what are
you guys doing what do you plan home but
you do your thing check this out look
what I got
I've been waiting months okay Mott's Oh
what did this months ago it's just now
here oh you guys have imagined it oh you
have a job so you just over here
stashing peanuts yeah
focus this is the sort all the food so
how do you pay for it or you rob in the
store huh
my job is racing he gets $50 every time
he races oh so when you do the circles
you win the race man you guys got a
whole system going on test video games
over there see you play a game you make
money you're living a dream dude got it
I get that besides all that I'm trying
to get this box open over here hey baby
I know it's a distraction obstacle
course
this is really
flash are you gonna are you gonna like
my face as soon as I start belonging
like I said this is probably nothing new
to you guys you've seen it I have never
got to see one before so I'm very
excited I waited forever for this I
don't know how everybody else got this
before I did
hey I'm gonna need them put some shoes
on boy
yes okay I'm excited about this when we
got here what is all this stuff what is
it oh it's a bag wait does it fit in
that yeah did you pay for it did you pay
for it at the store
90 bucks I don't get you like four packs
what can we do with al oh my gosh look
at all this stuff a battery oh yeah
nice huh record picture to land it
alright dude I don't know anything about
this yeah but look how small it's like
you're holding a little electronic bird
you found in the woods I don't know if
this is charging like one at a time or
all the time it appears like just one I
mean that makes sense we're gonna eat
that thing charged up I'm excited about
that
zombies they're coming for you Noah
they're coming for you look at this look
at this side your dad like you're
looking at your father we've been
talking about this for a while and that
is doing a Q&A and the response from you
guys has been huge I mean every day I
see comments when is this - and a what
are you doing the Q&A so I'm gonna sit
here with my boy Noah we're gonna rock
out this Q&A hopefully you enjoy it
hopefully we can answer some questions
that are a little bit different than
what we usually do this one's coming in
from Kyler Hooven
Noah what do you see yourself doing in
ten years you'll be 22 stop dude my boy
is gonna be 22 in ten years 22 game is
not that's it that's a good market to
get in right now but video games is huge
huge I'll be 43 Oh 43 years old son what
is your favorite game right now well it
changes every like two weeks if I was
true right now
Mad Max Max and he plays on the PC you
normally play ps4 xbox pc cooking
yes ps4 did you spray or even Cory human
all right what you got Corey what was
the hardest thing for you to overcome
when you were just starting out for me
overcoming just full-time I had a
full-time job I worked full-time minimum
40 hours a week I had Noah so one of the
things for me and first of all I did
YouTube as only a hobby I never did it
for a future I never did it for to make
money and it couldn't even make money
when I started YouTube so when I was
doing YouTube when I was just starting
out it was only for fun and I think
finding time between a full-time job a
family is like a teeter totter and I
think just finding that balance I guess
would answer the question of how I I
don't know that I answered anything
there but uh how many just to you know
everybody's been asking me that maybe
I'll do a video on on my gun collection
soon my interest half of you would you
rather have no taste buds or eat one
thing for the rest of your life it's
like the same thing like because if you
had no taste buds why would you need to
eat other things and you would just eat
the same
depending what I need it was like it's
not healthy I would hit anyone picking
up a sponge hmm it's like dog food
yes he's dog food every day I wonder
what we would actually eat as humans if
we couldn't taste it
I do have no taste buds wonder what we'd
actually would you rather have feet for
hands or hands for ears coming in from
Leah these would be foot feet or you
could have hands for ears you walk hands
on my ears my ears are already huge I
can't imagine like hands
dog like a dog we have the same thing
I'm but Kenda wants to know what's your
favorite food what's a payment
everything meat with taste buds this is
with pagelet swish pasta salad pasta
sell everything you asked me what your
favorite food was maybe that's what we
should we should ask a question we have
to guess what each other would answer I
would never guess pasta salad ever I
would a loss is my favorite thing to eat
like one thing I'll be hard to pick
probably barbecue ribs I would say ribs
or some type of barbecue food barbecue
chicken
this was coming in for Haley Edwards and
it's not a direct question for you but
she asked will you actually buy that
school bus so you could get all your
local viewers and take them to lunch
that was one of my day yesterday in the
vlog I found a school bus well actually
the guys that sold us the limo do you
think we should get this woman yeah what
would we do to a school I mentioned to
get another youtuber to come and destroy
it I like your destruction Tom I was
thinking like imagine school bus person
monster truck dude yeah I need to just
get it and show up cuz Britney will have
a heart attack you can't have a school
bus you need us a CDL license and I like
nice to drive it on our property we just
direct message from you from Roman
Atwood soldiers do you ever punish know
what when he gets in trouble
do I ever punish you like that's true he
doesn't get in trouble much it's very
hard to punish you that's parenting
right there guys parenting 101 no don't
do that
uh no was an awesome kid man he very
rarely gets in trouble when he does it's
like not a punishable trouble it's just
like a quit or stop or you're you know
being loud or no don't shave the dog's
hair off but it's not a big deal here's
a question from Noah coming in from I
can't read the name who's the best dad
in the world
me I made that question up would you let
Noah take over your channel when you
stop making videos sure you can have it
you wanna you can have it I mean if I
was gonna quit like stop making YouTube
videos ah yeah I just handed over to
Noah and I'm no probably not
cool if you could have any superpower
what would it be in why every time that
I would hold my breath yeah the whole
world would freeze and no one could see
me or so if you go yeah everything would
freeze and I could do anything I wanted
and then when you went like that
everybody yeah hmm why not just be out
freeze people so you don't go with your
breath can they see like if you cross
them and then they unfreeze they
remember you going by and they're like
that's the guy that can move while the
ones frozen and I've always thought that
if face like if they're looking at you
you freeze you move and then freeze did
they see you like it probably looked
like they were teleporting my superpower
if I had one would be that if somebody
freezes everybody I could find them
immediately I thought would be the
hunter of the freezer so I would hunt
you
yeah there has to be a villain there has
to be father's son
villain world's take that's a movie
right there I'm your father
it's the father son villain Darth Vader
but my power would stink all I can do
see you when you freeze the whole world
that's lame this is an intense question
alright this is intense so hang on to
something
Collin zan wants to know pancakes or
waffles that's my boy
waffles for me too waffles for me why
don't you guys come to the Cayman
Islands I want to come to the Cayman
Islands Gail dangit Gail would you
rather eat poison ivy or a handful of
bumblebees I'm gonna go with poison ivy
man neither one I would never be able to
actually do either one but I guess
bumblebees just stinging you're my
brother you're whatever look you made it
look you made it the whole time
is there Q&A for now if they like it
we'll do more if you guys like the Q&A
we will do more but that is our Q&A for
right now give me five who won you guys
look like you're tied that's funny
your old daddy's choking to death I
ended the vlog oh we got into the vlog
last night I was like you know what
yesterday was kind of just a Q&A most of
it was just a Q&A so third at least come
on this morning to say hi and uh I don't
know maybe it maybe lift you up a little
bit maybe make you feel a little better
about yourself it is uh it's starting to
snow here which is amazing maybe in
tomorrow's vlog we'll have a whole snow
day I don't know it's kind of just
getting going we do have some footprints
out there
the
drones fully charged so I want to break
that out as well and I don't know I just
felt like trying to lift you guys up a
little bit I always tell you guys in my
vlogs I like to leave you feeling
motivated and maybe inspired even if
it's just a little bit I don't know how
much I can give you in a vlog but
something really good to always think
about is is how good you actually do
have it I know at times it seems like
man our life is over and this is the
worst thing that can ever happen to us
but I'm telling you those are the things
those are the without those terrible
times in our life we remain exactly who
we are and those are lessons and we have
to take these lessons we have to we have
to we have to use these lessons we have
to we have to take these lessons on and
actually it's so crazy at some point
you're actually gonna be like man I'm so
glad I went through that because now I
can handle this I know it sounds
terrible but sometimes these terrible
things in our life become such a
positive time in our life I look back at
some of the things that I thought was
the end of my world man when I was at my
ultimate low somehow those moments are
now the greatest thing that ever
happened to me and I don't know how to
explain that looking into this camera
and talking to you guys but you're gonna
push through all of these little
problems that you have some are big some
are small but whatever they are they're
making you the better version of who you
are right now and that's awesome man
it's so crazy it's hard to explain but
in my life the worst times in my life
have become some of the greatest moments
and that's that's really hard to say
when you're in the moment usually you're
just angry and I'm telling you use that
anger as motivation it's the most
powerful fuel in our body as anger if
you can turn that fuel into into a
positive direction
unstoppable baby unstoppable tell him
tell them I'm eating strawberry bagel
that's it I'm with you I won't want to
think I'm mad I love you guys thank you
so much and just know that this channel
will always be used for good guys
whether it's pushing you or at least
trying to push you I don't actually know
how much of this you take in or how much
this even affects you but I will tell
you this you have my word that this is
what I'll do I'll always try to look you
guys up
try to start your day or maybe end your
day well I love you thank you for
everything obviously to my family and
myself we love you you are beautiful one
of a kind smile one
you
