it's funny how the legs are pulling them
- welcome to the vlog guys hope you're
having a great day today was one of them
days I don't know you guys have this
maybe it's just us I'm assuming you do
but those days where you cannot get out
of the house it just couldn't happen we
where's Noah no I can't even see him
back here he's hiding Cain won't even
come with us
brent was dragging around a small more
store we got up Dale Jess the kids
behind us anyway I hope you're having a
great day we're just getting our vlog
started which is crazy because it's been
quite the day so far oh you got to wear
the right boots when you come look at a
donkey do you bring your boots
yo Cain would come he would not come
with us here's one side effect to having
horses and donkeys poop everywhere
what's up dude what's your name
Wilbur every horse to me is Wilbur
Wilbur this is ninja this is actually
Brittany's family's horse is this one
that almost killed your sister
yeah Oh see I don't get on horses not
for me oh my god I don't know if you can
hear this listen maybe he saw you Britt
hmm you thought we had mud problems now
imagine imagine with animals are we
sticking with that name he doesn't know
your name he looks least hard is he
tired it's just a chill donkey this is
like a poop city you imagine that in
your yard there's like a Gatling gun
yeah just put your hand out flat these
are carrots and oats straight just like
that yep don't lose a finger this is so
dangerous
it is like slowly scooping up he's just
super super chill doesn't know he's like
I didn't know carrot know what a carrot
is in case you're new to this channel
you don't know what's going on we were
gifted a donkey we were gifted a donkey
and we weren't ready to accept the
donkey so he's been staying over here
until we can get a place his name's
Empire because the guys that gave them
to us wanted it to be Empire so it would
be Romans Empire it's pretty creative I
like that it's actually more like
britni's and it is more like Britney's
Britney's mom's actually found some
really cool like buildings for us at the
house and he's going to be coming home
soon he seems to like it
she said donkeys fur is rough like
that's how it is like it's a rough yeah
it's got to keep smells and she had all
these fancy words for it but yeah look
how good he looks now it's just a little
Russian look at that he's awesome I want
to be Shrek for Halloween and he's got
to come with me all right little man
we'll see you soon okay we'll see you
soon dude we're gonna do some fun things
you don't have to watch this channel for
a long time to know how much I've always
wanted a donkey it's like something I've
always wanted such a weird thing that
when I see donkeys I'll like pull over
on the side of the road and just check
them out any when I went to Egypt I
think that's I really fell in love with
donkeys when I went to Egypt and I just
seen on they're so beautiful and they're
working and they're just he's so awesome
I can't wait to get him home I'm sure
he'll add a lot of life to the family
and the things we can do you know I do
the same thing like that cuz the horses
dude they're weird
they're weird animals I love it his
mouth is up top you guys shut off
you see he's trying he's trying to
that's his mouth right there shove it in
are you making pretty amazing work yeah
okay I got you I got like trying to get
your money from the banker it's so foggy
you can't really tell but there's trees
back there and it's just so white so
we're getting back home we're in subs
Brittany's eating salad canes primarily
eating chips
he actually had two hot dogs before that
kind of a laid-back day or we've been
like what can we do what can we do for
the vlog and I thought maybe I should
just pick up the camera and just found
what we're actually doing in real life
but just sitting here eating food dogs
begging last night not me I am Megan I
throw around some ideas of things that
we could do for the vlog to maybe make
things more entertaining for you guys
Brittany said we should do maybe a juice
challenge we got that juicer was to put
random thinking looks like he's into it
like a random thing juice sounds which
to me is terrible I'm terrible with
anything that tastes funky I just get
sick I get sick well that's not fun for
them to watch though that's just us
having fun what's the worst thing you
can put like me and then a more blender
if you're making juice you can just
blend it that idea we just scrap that
idea cuz it's not even gonna be funny
it's not gonna be fun she's me getting
sick yeah kids got any ideas going to
Dale's okay that's Noah's idea of Cain
any ideas just play VR video games
blocks castles all right I think we've
almost nailed the nothing thing today
okay so Dale's bails are you okay
everything I'm just gonna take the canal
I stick the canal I just feel like it's
smoother ride
you never got our spoons and forks by
the way there was none down there
it's funny how the legs are pulling them
too you see this kid he got them moves
he got hmm honestly kind of a laid-back
honest blog for you today it's nothing
like we're not doing anything we're not
doing anything it's poets did snouts
dark took us half the day get out
Harold's I'm just being real with you
guys we we're not doing anything meet
the sub right now won't learn okay is
Roman mr. backett my speed really quite
exciting
let me just went into the bathroom he's
been complaining to me to put this
chicken away so I'm gonna put the
chicken in it he's been complaining that
chicken stings put it away though yep
call down an iceberg
nice try that didn't only took you an
ass that won't you have an alarm
sticking out of it look at my hair
hey my kids are going crazy over here
asking if they can come to your house
what's up with that well you got that I
don't have Conrad
do you want my kids to come over all
right we're gonna saddle up the horses
and ride on out we'll be there in three
weeks
38 oh we didn't show them Zeus's new
shoes today this is like you better get
the shot get out of my face
Alexa American YouTube personality
comedian and blogger what what is two
plus two the sum of two and two is four
she don't know nothing dude thousand
divided by 18 2000 divided by 18 is 100
11.1 tell me a joke why did the
Invisible Man turn down the job he
couldn't see himself doing the work how
old are you
I'm 2 in human years 14 in dog years and
25 in cat years I think he I here's are
marked by nanoseconds so that makes me
like a screw alien Australian Julian
make my kid laugh I wasn't able to
understand the question I said make my
kid laugh what's the first thing that
Santa teaches his helpers the alphabet
all the alphabet fer I would but I find
them to be a little too long-winded
what's the lifespan of a husky Siberian
Huskies average lifespan is 13 years 13
expand of a German Shepherd German
Shepherds average lifespan is 11 years
11 zu she turns 7 in like 20 days dude
where's your head dude it looks like a
horror movie outside doesn't it
10 10 10 10 10 it's like spooky nails
getting ready well he gave me this cape
he says so I have this I'm sweating I
have this hard helmet okay I have no
idea what you filmed whatever you just
saw was all up to know I handed him the
camera when we got there and turned him
loose what are you doing boy hey daddy's
home
sleepy dogs nothing but sleepy dogs
leave fartin he's like what you're
talking about
well guys it's funny how one day can be
so great this is the crazy thing about
my vlog to our vlog Channel it's like
one day we can be doing the craziest
stuff that we've ever done in our lives
and the next day can be 100% opposite it
can literally be us on the couch doing
nothing
but you didn't do crazy things yesterday
I have a baby growing inside of my body
Cain did I guess what I'm trying to say
is that this is our vlog today guys
forgive us for such Bourdon like
literally there's no way like usually
when I make my vlogs I'm like I want to
inspire you guys I'm gonna I want to
kind of lift you up and get you ready to
go like whether it's like maybe you're
waking up and you watch these before you
start your day I want you to feel good
and like lift it up a little bit like
just feel good I don't feel like I got
that message to you guys and I'll feel
like but it is what it is like every day
can't be exciting we're humans what's
2017 no we're not fireworks maybe I go
to five days you take that back if
you've made it to this point level oh my
gosh is about to be a fight give me that
ball give me if you have made it this
far thank you so much for just watching
hanging out with us we will see you
tomorrow you're beautiful you're one of
a kind smile more
you
