you guys ready are you ready ready beat
level one we beat level two level threes
upstairs let's go cover you well cover
you
open the gates go zoos Go Go juice go
get the gate Go Go Go that's a bad guy
sir yeah take cover take cover
you can shoot what's this it's the
invisible bad guys don't dr. nade get up
zeus plus one yes welcome to the vlog
guys gloomy and rainy outside still no
snow you overfilled it it's full
that's a rainy gloomy in side day we're
kind of goofing off and just doing
things that we can do in the house no
one actually just left to go to a water
park he is spending the night out of
what yeah yeah is he's going with his
friends and I just can't blame him we
are gonna spend New Year's tonight new
it's New Years Eve we're pretty much
just killing time going over to Dale's
for New Year's tonight watch that ball
drops start 2017 with you guys and yeah
you have to go this way okay three that
way know what maybe it's for I think
it's for the whole towers on two blocks
how was your nap mama I didn't let you
sleep doing you just yeah oh my it's
always my fault everything
tell her flash it's not my fault we
actually filmed yesterday's vlog intro
and outro today so we did like that this
morning and then she took a nap and then
here we are right now basically starting
today's vlog we're yesterday's vlog left
off you going for round three
I wasn't talking to you it's just a
husband thing I think this has never
done that ever so we are off we're gonna
head over to my brothers for New Year's
night baby I honestly think we should be
celebrating each day not the party sense
but we should be just as excited for
tomorrow as we are for the New Year's
like every day is a gift and we should
be that excited every day for that gift
but once a year we do all get together
for that new year that new day tomorrow
so going over to my brother's right now
to just enjoy some family time some
probably really bad food but it's gonna
be fun
Keane wants the vlog over at Dale's so
he's put his name on his camera that's
interesting way to do it right there kay
a and E all right what's up brother I
don't even want to know okay err how we
doing Hanan how are we doing today what
is it hey you look right at it Kane
watch the tree guys watch the tree it
doesn't shoot anything but err wait wait
you do it again do it again here see if
you can blow up my hat off I'll put it
on there real lightly real lightly Wow
all right one more shot okay so they all
got this little air cannon for Christmas
and decided I guess to make you bigger
better go home I've got bigger ones in
the works
you're gonna need like a quad pullback
chop big time that is awesome good job
it works no no you gotta see that you
got to see the air can we get a front
shot wow what is it creampuff that looks
like a heart attack
oh man so we're gonna turn this thing
into a backpack where basically he
mounts it to my back I can go down and
he can pull up we can fire two people it
seems pretty nice white tape - oh it
matches the outfit the bat-zooka
Oh
it's the bazooka bros what about this
hey what's you guys building up here
what are you guys hey Dad can you see if
it'll take that out yeah what's it oh my
gosh brings family together yeah really
bring something what you think that do
you like it yeah we need a baby one for
you and you can be bazookas bro - yeah
the little one all right next on the
night we've got a whole slew one for
everybody
boy he's going on here dude I think
you've been in a box too long he's got
one human foot in one face all right
guys you be the judge who's got the best
costume on tonight we've never done this
for New Year's but we got one for
everybody so here we go
right now dad's is really winning for me
all right guys the first up is kane
atwood coming in as dino man Kane and
conrad we got big Dino and little Dino
in the house you guys vote who's got the
best suit all right here comes little
Dale as I think Godzilla are you
Godzilla all right all right pretty good
his kurt atwood he's he's he's being
carried by a small gorilla it looks like
I think he's got you he's got you cast
your votes now in the comments section
who do you think's got the costumes we
got my mother being carried in by it
looks like a drunken leprechaun or a
dancing leprechaun all right all right
my brother being carried in by a giant
is that a cat a gorilla what is that
it's fair oh you got yourself a bear
here comes little Brit riding a unicorn
holy cow alright sure you're the Corden
careful you got a baby in there we got
just coming in as a beautiful ballerina
with the moves and the grooves you got
this you got this next up we have Roman
Atwood nice bathtub
finally he finally tamed damn it
he's totally stuck did you order all
these good job
I made it fine look that's why you can't
have a dinosaur in the house he just
goes downstate goes wherever he wants
how do you punish him oh my gosh the
digital age dinosaur whoa easy easy easy
he's never done this before and I think
he's been drinking easy
I mean I could carry him either but no
baby you haven't getting married you
it's almost midnight it's almost 2017
you need an attitude adjustment
attitude adjustment saiga-12 party hat
really good 12:40 had 18 seconds spec 20
sparkling grape juice Happy New Year's
guys gain do the first tab the first dab
of 2017 we got one today
let's get serious here guys oh that's
all you get that's louder than the
fireworks
have to happy happy new years so lucky
we get to spend New Year's together as a
family
amazing Happy New Year buddy
are you having fun at the water park
Happy New Year Noah have we love you
buddy
Happy New Year no my little man
chlorine I know this is big deal Happy
New Year
we brought you hats
we brought you new years hats he's like
if I can't eat it I don't want it be New
Year's buddies Zeus
hello P took it off Zeus 25 days to your
birthday dude 25 days mostly oh well
guys we're back home it's late what are
you working on just back to business
that fast January first you ready to
work hope you guys are ready to take on
this year it's your year make it you're
you there's the 2017 dab make it your
year guys don't wait around for it to
happen get up make it happen make this
your year I'm gonna say this a lot but
you're gonna hear me say it a lot I'm
always gonna be pushing you I'm always
gonna be trying to motivate you even if
it's just a little bit each day I hope
you get some type of inspiration from
these videos absolutely love you guys we
will see you tomorrow tell me what your
goals are this year tell me who won the
costume contest we love you we'll see
you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile more
you
