guys walk huh welcome to the vlog guys
so I didn't started earlier I'm covered
in mud we're just getting started
figured I grab my camera now and do some
motor running because we haven't done
that the vlogs I don't think ever quads
super ready for wheeler Todd is here
meet me down to that corner get muddy
though you're so clean dude that's what
this is made for touch - anyways welcome
to the vlog hope you're having a great
day let's go have some fun
so the object here is obviously not to
get stuck
it's so good that's our love you gonna
go inside pain Britney just said don't
wear those shoes I was like it's fun
no we can do this on a colder day it's
it's so cold out this is like our trench
hole right here
they might have to sit there man
it's so cool dude I actually have a
four-wheel drive cause it's not as fun
though see this thing work man oh my
gosh see bread if she's in here gobbling
that Britney in there give it out hugs
today why'd you let me wear these shoes
that's a brand new jacket it's not as
bad as you think it's not that bad well
it'll come clean I'm so beyond Madi like
a mom right now and a kid comes in look
at you
we got that jacket as a gift I can what
no one watch it oh no get out of my
office right now
Roman I will punch you in the face I
love you what but I went over exactly
how I expected come honey you should see
my camera guys it's not even black I
gotta get a picture of it's all mud hey
buddy what's up do you want go mud
running uh-huh flash you would look like
Zeus if you went in the mud oh my baby
my baby got all cleaned up in the shower
we're building some ramps with the skid
steer check this out
this is only the start we're gonna build
an entire track out here I feel so good
to be back inside I was so wet muddy
cold we are having so check this out
oh your might a little monkey man who
ever talks bad about hoverboards are
crazy these things are amazing there's
no way you can't not like this I get it
that they like blew up and it was crazy
and everybody had kind of ruined it's
like it's like it's like when a song
comes on the radio and they play it over
and over and over eventually everybody
hates that song that's kind of what
happened I think with the hoverboard I
love these things and I will stand my
ground I mean who wouldn't liked it whoa
I mean who wouldn't like just hanging
out with your little boy cruising around
the house also we got some new fish
today let's see if we can get some one
camera oh thanks tearing this family
apart last week maybe it was last
weekend went over to Todd's before we
actually went to look at the skid-steer
and I was picking out some new fish he
bought hey hey hey okay yeah usually
when you put new fish in a reef they
hide for a few days before they get
comfortable because the other fish have
been in here for years and they're kind
of dominant there's one back here in the
porthole oh there's two of them
oh yeah little starfish on the glass
okay these two are new right here
they're really pretty okay there's one
look how pretty is look at his eyes look
at him ours oh there's a filefish you
see him right there so this is a file
fish I wish you'd turn sideways there it
goes look how cool that is
I can't remember what kind of damsel
this is but that's some type of damsel
I'll show you more as they come out but
the reef tank is just absolutely
beautiful I don't know if you guys
remember this tank when I started it it
has just come such a long way
and years worth of growth all these
corals been growing for years get this
core I've never seen a green slime er
grow down in sideways usually everything
grows up I don't think saltwater tanks
and fish interest a lot of you but to me
it is just so relaxing
when the dogs are barking in the kid
go to look at this what I think is
happening
come on Zeus young time we should like
be in the basemap night friend one more
night scram
don't go side flash no gonna say flash
come on let's go side let's go sit all
right going out
you're crazy
we are already closing in on the end of
the year guys this is our very last
brand deal of 2016 from one of our
favorite partners and also our last
brand for them
you got to flatten it all the way dude
all the way no I want to make sure on
this very last deal with them that they
get the most out of it guys so please go
check out audible.com if you don't know
what they are they are audio books you
can download thousands and thousands and
thousands and thousands of audiobooks I
think I say this every time but if
you're like me and you just don't care
to sit down and read a book you can just
listen to a book literally anywhere you
can listen to them now in the shower you
can listen to your books in the car from
your phone or your iPods you can you can
listen to a book while you walk your dog
you can listen to a book while you pet
your dog you can listen to a book while
you're feeding the Hogs you can listen
to a book while you're looking for frogs
you guys are get a 30 day subscription
with the trial membership check this out
man it's just awesome and it's fun and
it's just a bit to me it's a better way
to read man you already know the drill
I'll put the link in the top of the
description check it out don't be
skeptical skeptical skeptical skeptical
don't be skeptical that's it and I just
want to also thank audible personally
for being with this channel all year I
know this is our last deal but I
appreciate you guys and it has been
awesome so
put your body weight up there you go
push down nailed it you telling what
we're doing we're gonna play a prank on
mommy so where are you gonna chase her
me okay we're gonna melt a little this
is a classic ranking not a little
chocolate on some toilet paper basically
it looks like ready ready
they chase her with it cane dude you
have to put that in the toilet when
you're done he just he literally just
left that on the floor why are you
laughing
because he just left it on the toilet is
it chocolate
give me five did thank you
hey give me five dude that's starved
I want a five not star you know it's
chocolate it's gross did you poop on the
floor Zeus did you poop on the floor all
the hairs do you want it do you want it
get away from me
all right guys short vlog for you but it
is a vlog thank you so much for hey it
was fun laughing it was like he'd be
crying if that was Wow he's learning
he's a prankster in progress this is
loading bars not all the way at a
hundred yes thank you so much for
hanging out with me I don't fun day like
I did a bunch of weird stuff
skip through a little bit of the day
getting things done but we did it we got
a vlog out you all right anyway guys
thank you for everything I can't wait to
start building so much more track
outside and now he's chasing you with
red what is this hmm first time flash
ain't and puked-up pooped out that year
is almost over guys I hope you're ready
to conquer 2017 make it your year do it
get up and do it I love you you're
beautiful you're one of a kind back
there oh my gosh even see you look
you're completely hidden like you can't
even see brick see you tomorrow guys
you're beautiful you're one of a gun
smile mwah
you
