and we're getting pulled over not today
are you serious what here we go hi baby
hi baby hi big baby I'm bigger baby oh
jeez oh my god not gonna happen
welcome to today's vlog guys I'm so
pumped I'm so you're gonna see it in my
face you're gonna hear it in my voice
today I am excited we got the whole
family everybody kids parents there's
four 14 14 of the kids and then probably
mom and dads and maybe brother-sister I
don't know who's all gonna be there
let's just get a bunch so we're like
shopping in our own store for just small
more is the best message especially on
days like this feels so good to hand
somebody that message man that's what
today is all about smiling more that is
the whole premise that other sunglasses
tons of wristbands right tons of the
magnets I got all everyone bags to put
all their stuff in yeah no not yeah -
hey - but I got all the bags but I only
got 14 bags so we bring more oh no yeah
because it's one for each kid okay you
know we should have Noah and Kane like
sort all this well on the way up and put
them in the bags like goodie bags
already prepared we can just hand them
you know I mean and we're getting pulled
over not today are you serious yeah what
Speedy Gonzales your speed in no I mean
my thing
but you recorded yes sir okay no problem
always give your license and proof
insurance with you I have my life every
new speedometer said 165 yeah it's only
55 but she said she was in a lot 70 70
you know those times I've said this so
many times you guys practice on when you
try to do something good it usually like
something bad happens like I don't know
if it's just resistance or whatever it
is I got from all days to get pulled
over like right now like it just it's
just a fever eight now oh if it was
raining out cops wanted out only sunny
day people might break flaws in sunny
days breath thought he was coming to
bust you came breaking the law I don't
know what that was all about we're not
gonna let it stop us today wake up wake
up it's time to party guys this is this
is what it's all about today like this
is the bread and butter of my career
this is the ultimate blessing the
ultimate honor that I get to do things
like this bring the kids bring the
family last year we did like ten
make-a-wish kids with their families at
our house this right now
we've got 14 make-a-wish you remember it
was super awesome thanks to Huntington
they are hosting 14 kids with all their
families from all over the world these
go all over the world to be with us
today yeah we go out on the field dude
we got them gifts we made custom smile
just let us go on with the video so Punk
to bring you guys along I love Wayne but
but today is all about feeling good and
lifting some spirits man even for a
brief moment if I can just lift these
kids up give them the greatest day ever
that's what today is all about man
listen let's change some lives baby
let's do it my parents are here they
brought goodies we're gonna stuff them
into small more bags for all the
families gonna be some people happy to
see you today Corey they're gonna be
ready
don't put that big smile on so soon as
we're getting ready to go in 14 kids
from make-a-wish I always try to put in
perspective just how important this is
these these kids they all have the
ability to
ask for anyone wish they can take an ask
to go anywhere in the world they can ask
to meet any buddy in the world they can
make it ask to me any celebrity they
want and I am so honored that these kids
choose to meet me like it is surreal it
is a feeling that I can't ever replace
it did you drop your water here you go
you want this don't want it yeah I'll
put it right here
you wanna it's so important that I make
sure this day is awesome for these kids
and that they leave so happy so inspired
and feel perfect Oh who's that to bring
a MOLLE dude Joey what's up also when
kids asked to meet me and they and they
they come to see us I always try to have
as many people that's available come be
a part of it too because they they know
them too so unfortunately a lot of
people are busy today but who ever could
come came and I'm pumped
we're heading into Huntington Park it's
our local Columbus baseball the Clippers
my guess is these kids are flying in
from all over the world if they're
coming to Columbus ah it's supposed to
be a surprise but if they're coming to
Columbus Ohio they do not know supposed
but if I was coming to Columbus Ohio
from anywhere around the world I would
probably assume that there's a good
chance Romans gonna be there right like
wouldn't you think I called him that's
the thing even if they know I am here
they don't know when they're gonna meet
me so will still be a surprise hey so we
don't have to streak it I can just go
right in so they do know I'm here they
don't know when they're gonna beat us
that's gonna play and then there
every Roman welcome to the bakery which
day I'm coming to the bar are so lucky
today to have for it which is grant
I'm so honored it's so blessed with this
opportunity bringing kids here
let's make their dream come true right
I just
this is gonna be fun their pump
everybody's okay we met the kids some
really we have like a nice private area
that we're gonna go just everybody
I keep saying it sure you can see it
small more Singapore all the way from
Singapore
that is awesome 23 powers
Oh
and II know we're gonna eat it right
here
t-shirt so we got your windows anybody
broke you
that's enough tequila you have five
friends they need them your good friend
your language you don't let you color
shirts or tops
come on I got
okay so all the families are eating
getting something cold is hot we may do
custom small or t-shirts with their
names all the names on the back so each
kid gets their own family sure baseball
makes sense
Oh
so first up
back your name on it
so cool
Louie Louie
like the road I'm sure you're becoming
try to come out with it
right
boss
y'all wanna convert
yeah but you're fighting it
I'm not gonna lie
but when I get on I'm going to add you
actually take you face yeah yeah
today how was it
14-hour flight now you're ready to
travel they brought us candy from the
Netherlands I'm just gonna open up let
everyone try it let's do it said if you
get red licorice and of course black
street
of those
Yeah right here oh you in the blog
yeah can I show the blog your first met
to check out my first tattoo
I'm gonna rock this that's a cool shirt
that's awesome
making this shift possible
never seen yo thanks for wishing me
it is current day guys I didn't film
anything at that event in fact Julian
was there to cat once I got in there I
didn't want to worry about like what
camera angles I got or wouldn't focusing
on my camera everything you saw from
that was filmed by Julian so I don't
even know you know what we captured I
don't know what that was I just know
that I and my family had the time of our
lifes like these kids last night and
when I left I was a complete zombie I
was drained I was I was just on cloud
nine for hours and hours I got to sit
with every kid every family and just
chat I got to hear stories I got to hear
you know hard stories to hear I got my
positive stories it was just guys it was
amazing man like this is everything to
me the make-a-wish kids thank you so
much for wishing to meet me I know Ava
we even had the conversation I I said
you know you could have met anybody
right it is just such an honor it is
such a blessing that I get the
opportunity to do this stuff this is
everything to me driving home going to
bed last night waking up this morning I
had so many thoughts on on on this event
and it just it's so humbling it's so it
really left me speechless guys it really
did and getting to do this is is
different than getting to do anything
else like I can go smash a car with a
monster truck and that's fun and cool
but this so meaningful to me and it's so
special and I feel so honored imagine a
kid has a wish and his only wish is to
meet you it sounds impossible to me
thank you guys so much it's crazy like
we were so petty as people we we you
know we would get such such silly things
can ruin our whole day you know getting
pulled over getting a speeding ticket
I'm having to get up for work in the
morning or failing a test or getting
dumped by your boyfriend a girlfriend or
we don't ever really think that there's
a lot of kids stuck in hospitals and
adults too stuck in hospitals that are
that are better needing motivation and
inspiration and I am so thankful that
what
du has added that for so many people
that not even something I've aim to do
for a specific group of people it's just
out there for people that need it guys I
will always try to help motivate you
guys inspire you guys lift you guys when
you watch these videos I want you to to
go take on your day I want you to I want
you to just get a little jump-start a
little a little voltage to your mind man
I want you guys to feel great I don't I
don't want to talk too much right now
but I just want to thank every single
one of you um make a wish thank you for
allowing me to meet these kids to all
the kids thank you so much for asking to
meet me it's awesome I'm so thankful
guys thank you so so much we're gonna
I'm gonna end this video it is current
day right now so I have a wonderful day
today
all the Make A Wish stuff was last night
and I love you guys so so much thank you
thank you so much we'll see you very
very soon
lots of vlogs this week and your
anything you want to say anything no
nothin love you guys we're absolutely
beautiful you're one of a kind don't
forget that smile more
you
