okay here we go
late start but work oh my gosh oh boy oh
hey show more house welcome to the vlog
guys welcome to our absolutely
destruction of a house did you do this I
know who did it
mom all did it you're gonna undo it
what are you cleaning oh my gosh the
wrecking crew is here
we're getting a late start today and I
can explain I actually have a good
excuse today it's the vibes fault right
there got it all set up got some games
installed and I was glued to it and Cain
was glued to it we had fun didn't we we
got things to do it's a chocolate sword
hope you guys had an awesome Christmas
hope you're having an awesome day right
now we're just getting started once
again we are a little late it is all
those dark out I'm not gonna lie mama I
can't lie I had a great time off-camera
today I really did like I played games I
hung out with Cain i sat on a chair yeah
but I'm ready to go now I'm ready smell
good thank you are you taking all this
we're going over to my brother's house
Brittany's picking her crazy juice
machine that I got it for Christmas and
we got vegetables we got fruits we got I
mean you can juice anything we could
juice ridiculous stuff and make like bad
juice yeah I don't know I need my boots
sieving it through this house just we
are basically on recovery mode guys it's
gonna take a week to get this house back
in order did you charge that no this is
our old original hoverboard guys it has
been left out in the rain it's been
through thunderstorms it's been through
the winter and it still works you know
what you should do you should give
little Dale that do you want to give it
to him kanan Noah got new ones for
Christmas because we didn't think that'd
work they dug it out of the garage and
it works Dale has been dying for once
we're gonna give that to him tonight
let's go mommy's hungry steaks yeah I
had her get steak for dinner what's for
dinner
steak mashed potatoes and brown what are
we eating steak no I'm asking like
what's like what are we eating for
dinner hey when do when do we do away
with the gingerbread houses they're
still standing maybe we do some like
slow-mo destruction tonight oh my god
it's a saddle for me so can can ride on
my back look it's pony up daddy yeah and
then she got me a back massage Richard
so that it's viddy up daddy and then
back massage we're gonna go to Dale's
we've got something absolutely
ridiculous to do there I'm gonna show
you and then Britney's just hungry we're
gonna go eat some good food so make some
juices look at that belly it's like
you're pregnant for a while before you
actually pregnant like she's been
pregnant for how long so you get the
second trimester today which means
you're a third of the way get my good
shoes on tonight see you guys it I'll
wait till your duns is there are still
Christmas lights on the limo still lit
up three days now over here
didn't even get you oh what the heck you
got basketball that's awesome
I know wait is this a real hourglass
yeah what that's awesome I've never ever
seen that in my life
yeah that's like from Wizard of Oz go oh
this is awesome
keep going keep going
daily come here that's for you
it's all yours right I charged it
actually Caine charged it for you and
there's the charger okay so all yours
dude you might have liked the beastliest
hoverboard of all time that thing has
been through everything still works for
the big one
more than double my swirl overbilling 33
to 15 and there it is I did I get you
the cost of the GTR another time oh you
run out of gas you need more money
what's up doc what's going in here
I got bread a juicer for Christmas and
literally just turn these things into
liquid Wow how did it take all the juice
out of that it's powder how you know I'm
a totally baffled right now how you just
you just do a carrot in there it blue
juice one direction and blue this in the
other direction do you like it no it's
carrots yeah it's good Bugs Bunny pound
it pound the whole stem and everything
yeah how do you clean that thing
that is awesome all right guys we're
headed downstairs I gotta show you that
dude I don't know how you do it I just
don't know how you hey dude
glad you guys are getting use out of
that so just in case you didn't see what
my brother's done he's put this actually
he made a whole video about this on his
YouTube channel he's about to put me up
in this thing which it's better than I
ever had it so good this is what Dale's
done you may have never seen this done
you may never see one of your friends
just hey I got a drum set let me screw
it to the ceiling of my basement
look at that it's it's actually a rare
Club to be in and I gotta say it's got
to be like one and five billion maybe
and then okay okay and then he's got a
harness that you strap in and then he's
got an electronic winch that pulls you
up into the seat turning over there boys
the important thing to remember is it
safe I'm sure it's safe it could be
safer why don't you do that that would
have been way easier I thought about it
okay Britt here's the harness you're
just gonna put it on one foot right in
and then okay so I'm gonna get in this
thing you know it's gonna hoist me up
really this is safe Dale we're gonna do
this one right yeah in Dale's video you
can see like the straps were just
cutting into insurer's huh huh the next
morning I blood pressed out no
everywhere just filed for blood what if
they slip off any falls on his head it's
not gonna matter I'm gonna shoot you in
the face kids do not try this at home
let your brother do it the last guy who
did this yeah they're saying he just
learning how to talk again which is a
good
it feels great yeah using a roller
coaster yeah shopping with our board
Oh Mike could you imagine how fast you
go to the grocery store shopping and
that those things are strong that push
anything yeah I need that yes how did
you say I can do this safely I didn't
you know it took me a year to figure out
how I was gonna do it all and error he's
in the neck brace for six months yeah
the chiropractor was pretty outside wait
what all right guys so here's what's
happening Dale's putting on these ropes
into these d-rings and then these ropes
it pulled up through the pulley to the
winch and that is all the way down this
is pretty loose down here I got only a
real brother would do that for you and
then even once it doesn't bother me at
all okay y'all I'm so excited to do this
just literally start lifting them up Oh
okay ball man
here's your sick okay
you know I don't even know where I'm at
right now
dude I served like off look at me Oh as
your face is so red
my god I don't I don't think that's the
way it works I think gravity is supposed
to help you giving birth yeah not the
opposite no gravity on that one yeah
seriously I don't know how you did it
you feel you feel great when you're done
now you do you want to try it like
you'll never ever go upside down ever
again on a drum set no Tommy Tommy Lee
would be proud right let's get you up
there
just move the sticks a little bit and we
put in some heavy mess she does have a
baby in her belly maybe it's funny I
always kind of considered myself in the
family to come up with like crazy ideas
maybe I just come up with a bad idea
because you definitely have like the
better ideas I guess actually a good
idea I have more time to let him brew
Dale made an entire epic video on this
I'm gonna link it in the top of my
description go give him some love he's
spent literally months on like figuring
out how to do this and then his video
got like the least amount of users ever
had SoCo show him some love support him
and his videos that maybe people just
like saxophone players more than drop
side down sexy it's the thing well I
love it dude I think it should be a
permanent piece never take it down hey I
want to leave it but I want to move it
back I feel like it it's taking that
real for real socks
I'm sure it's so easy to just move
all right guys it's movie night Dale got
this projection screen for you guys got
them all right that's right a projection
gender projector screen for a projector
working back home I left my hat cane I
left my head it is 64 degrees outside 60
Florida is warm you don't even need a
coat I don't know what's going on with
Ohio right now that's exactly Oh ha it's
the perfect definition of Ohio snow in
one day warm the next hey guys come on
come on come on baby oh don't do this
man this is getting old guys flash flush
you didn't crown yourself tonight
you put a crown around yourself good he
was a good boy look what I got back from
Dale's guys boom
yeah in the Fox no not while zoomed in
thanks for hanging out with us today
guys that's pretty much gonna do it I'm
gonna sit here edit my vlog King's gonna
play some VR and hope you guys had an
amazing weekend thanks for being a part
a massive part of my family we love you
so much it's crazy to think that this
this time all that dog stinks well it's
crazy thing at this time next year we'll
have a little baby at word running
around not running around probably not
even sitting up it'll be just like a
little tiny baby we love you guys so
much thank you for all the support and
love as always the shares the likes
everything you're here and we love you
keep your head up keep me in positive
just know that we're all going through
so much bullcrap every single day don't
let it outweigh the positive in your
life don't let it block how great your
life really is we love you you're
beautiful you're one of a kind smile
more
you
