welcome to the vlog
Merry Christmas it's Christmas mama
Merry Christmas Merry Christmas cane
dude it's awesome
Merry Christmas Noah what what you say
it is Christmas it is Christmas if it's
not Christmas y'see got you got that for
Christmas let me see that
oh good changing the subject
it is Christmas if it's not Christmas
and what's that come here I'll show you
it's either Christmas or Christmas came
early check it out guys it's so clean
what you know every year and you still
bar my gifts how many of you already
know what I'm about to show you without
me even showing it three - I've been
wanting this for a very long time I
hinted it yesterday in the vlog one
we got the skid-steer guys this thing is
an absolute beast what do you think it's
not gonna be clean for long they don't
stay clean look how nice it is we are
ready to build destroy you name it we're
gonna do it we're gonna make so much
cool stuff with this name maybe it does
it this way so it's safe to say that
christmas came early they delivered it
this morning to the house and thank
goodness it I no idea how I would get
that home even with the trailer I think
my truck would just be like squatting
that's my major
Zeus deuce honey you know what Dale said
we should do well you said it wasn't
Christmas so you gotta wait till
Christmas to get it
okay you know what Dale said to do he
said we should have somebody I don't
know how we do it but come out in like
custom pain at smile more
it's the smile more machine Oh magnet
would be cool stickers would be cool too
but how about like a custom paint job
like a military camouflage smile more do
you not have anyone take the don't you
dare take that plastic off SC you know
how I well yeah air suspension last time
she got this thing she ran over the
swing set
honey all the rental okay turn the key
just hold the key until starts okay now
you see the little pee-pee button yeah
everybody get back Brittany's driving
get that go in the house everybody back
back back
what's she doing no eat the curls we are
what are you doing she's so funny so
funny
Oh oh my god put the barrel down oh my
gosh
oh yeah Britt she has no idea what she's
doing right
you know you know yeah more things moved
to the trash can
destroying everything early christmas
has arrived I'm so excited so excited
for a piece of equipment like this this
is something that's like it almost feels
like a new member of our family like not
just but for you guys because the things
we're gonna do with it is ridiculous you
want to name it tanki tank ster
Christmas is getting here everybody's
getting in that holiday mood in fact
what are you cooking over here what is
this can I open it okay what is that
what do you do with that oh okay so
tonight
today this evening is our small more
company Christmas party and he's making
him thanks buddy
thank you buddy I have an idea okay cuz
you don't have an ugly sweater I feel
like I gotta have something maybe don't
misspell it what do you you just want me
to write ugly yeah with this yeah okay
no
I know what you're thinking right now
that is professional
do that yeah I was just getting outline
okay how's that it was awesome
wrapping paper tape it's my sweatshirt
like straight squares well I think this
my heart says Merry Christmas I'm gonna
cut it out oh cool what am I gonna wear
what I wear guys I have no idea I can't
believe that on the Christmas it Oh what
about my Christmas suit from it's
actually a really good idea to tape you
got colorful wrapping I think we should
change it to cool
it's just cool it's not ugly it's great
I love it what do you think game it's a
pretty cool sweater it is our fur this
will be our first ever smile more
Christmas party sweater
we are totally outnumbered girls versus
guys Wow I like it I like so who's got
the worst sweater Oh
yo this is my favorite cheesecake okay
everybody takes a number what's your
number matter yeah
Caleb you don't get a number oh that's a
pretty good number she gets number one
so she gets to take her first picket any
of the gifts that she wants that's not
from us by the way you took that out of
my house and wrapped it up decisions
tough decisions it looks fun I'd go at
that one too
scarfs what is this game for white
elephant yes there's different versions
of what element okay okay yeah it's so
complicated okay number three three is a
so technically she could steal your gift
your yeah okay
she's hunting she's hunting I've seen a
pop popcorn popper butter melts over the
come on Charlie let's see that gold all
the girls get away from me get away you
really want that that man you gonna
steal my popcorn little ones thank you
this house please believe this is Justin
Bieber thing that's super cute okay
let's do a couple fun facts fun facts
about the smile Moore store last time
this year this building that even exists
no this is all from this year and who's
been with us the longest right now Dan
she's not here Veronica's actually been
with us the longest yeah and then here
and then Kayla would be the longest and
then Emily who's been here the least
amount of time
yes welcome to the club Christmas
party's over we had an absolute blast
we're riding some dirt bikes some
four-wheelers goofing off
oh are you done okay I can honestly say
I never thought ever that we would need
more space like we're out of space like
the the even our building we just built
this year it's already full like
inventories for everything's full no
super crazy this thing is a camera like
you can see like all behind us like a
car camera we got lights we can dig at
night
I am completely impressed it actually
doesn't take up that much space sleeping
out here tonight everybody sleepy oh
flashes I do not talk to me it totally
has that holiday Christmas vibe right
now everyone's laying around watching
shows wrapping gifts hope you guys are
ready for Christmas it's coming up so
fast like I can't even believe it's a
Sunday it's nuts you know what I want
for Christmas it's what I want for
Christmas right there we don't bring
your presence in cuz you open them we
are going to kill the lights turn the
lights off watch one of our favorite
Christmas would be jingle all the way I
watch it every single year we watch it
every single year we're all just so
tired
 like trying to have energy for you
and I'm just I don't know I'm so tired
today little my little helper elf right
here we're piling up gifts back here for
the family and wow this is where you've
been putting them all he's all business
right now all business he put these back
up our stockings didn't fall we took him
down because we had a speaker bar up
here one night but nice we're gonna end
it right there you ready oh you had to
throw that in you want to do it tomorrow
QA all right we got a lot of requests
you guys actually do want that so we
love you thank you for hanging out with
the family supporting us on everything
we will see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile on
you
