welcome to the vlog guys what's up how
you doing I don't even know what's going
on in here Kane's in some kind of weird
VR golf land what is he are you skeleton
blank dude he's totally in his own what
you don't even know I'm standing if I
don't even know I'm talking so I woke up
with a really bad bad dad idea this
morning and I want to show you guys my
idea and what I'm gonna do I've always
wanted to see what would happen if I put
these giant mortars these things they're
huge onto one of my RC trucks so I'm
just thinking like what would happen
like I could I could hand-deliver
mortars you know if I want to throw it
in Maine I can throw it it would be kind
of accurate but with an RC I could drive
the grenade exactly where I want it it's
like the rcxd what is that off call duty
rcxd you drive into boza
that's what we're making today rcxd and
you're ruining the most perfect truck no
no I don't think it'll hurt the truck
but I really don't think it'll hurt it
feel this feel that oh yeah I mean that
suckers hard did you mount that up there
oh you know what we could put it like a
little casing a little box boom I didn't
see was a good idea I openly admit it's
a bad idea but I think it'll be cool and
look these things are so tough dude I
think you can handle it if we do like
this it's like a little care package
like he says it's perfect it's it's a
it's a mortar delivery truck is what I
liked but I like to say this is like
just let me chase it just give me one
chance
well we don't have no snow which kind of
sucks but still got our season we got
mortars we got fireworks we got tripods
and GoPros so let's do this look at my
yard it's like a playground is this
still all here from the tug of war smart
car
this is still here from the
flamethrowers bottle rockets hope you're
having an awesome day man we're just
goofing off we're hanging out I want to
do something fun today I'm gonna put I'm
gonna pretend that basically this
dumpster is where I need the grenade to
go I'm putting you in the firing zone
just like I always do
let's see what happens you gotta go in
dude you know the fireworks we put in
the tube we shoot up they go boom and
they go way up in the sky and they blow
up that's what these are rcxd ready for
deployment did all right we're gonna
start with just this one
don't drop the bomb oh it's close see
it's foolproof here we go this is our
first test to hand deliver a frag
grenade fireworks trash cans our enemy I
told you oh yo I'm still on lights are
on Oh baby no sorry
she's all night we're going going come
on baby don't you burn down don't you
burn down on me holy crap okay I see the
problem right here right there just blew
the this looks like it's just separated
all right now if we touch these and we
drive yes well she's gonna be back she's
good did you see that
I gotta admit not my best idea dude it's
still smoking
do I think I think he's waiting for the
next show game the next firework show I
cannot believe the damage the truck it's
fixable though it's super fix like one
one wire I got really lucky I did not
think the frame of that truck would
break which is incredible that it did so
kids don't play with fireworks they are
extremely dangerous like that blue hard
plastic to pieces no uh no what do you
eating lunch in here okay guys the next
part of this blog is very serious
it's intense it's Brittany Smith hey
stink bug hey stink bug what you working
on ok ok ok seriously the next part of
this vlog is an exciting very exciting
announcement my tour how many of you
guys remembered when I went on tour
Roman vs. fousey tour this was a huge
tour we went all over the country we
went to Europe well we also made a movie
and a documentary of the tour and it is
out today it is out right now it just
came out today and I'm so excited to
announce it I'm so excited to show you
guys this movie
here's a quick trailer of the movie and
I just think it came out so wonderful
and I think it will inspire you so much
check it out
well I don't know how long I just
looking so much all I really need is my
blog camera see in Scotland
we're about to pull a quick one on
already for people waiting outside for
you in Manchester we got a fully packed
house in Manchester England tonight
cheers to our first ever Scotland show
apparently the crew box with all our
equipment we broke down so there might
not be a show tonight we're headed to
the breakdown tours over that's our
title right there
be on tour together
if they win from UM from we're making
such a special night buddy
about us creating a special moment with
the thousand people in the room tonight
so I'm just super glad to be able to
share that with them Roman and I spend
our lives talking to a camera each and
every day it's hard dealing with a
vlogger I truly believe that is now my
job to push you forward ever sitting up
there with nothing but positivity and I
will do that with my channel you can
stand up yeah
you know I don't watch your vlogs don't
watch your vlog just don't thank you for
watching that I absolutely loved this
movie it is out right now guys I'll put
the link in the top of the description
itunes google play amazon they're all in
the description get this maybe be
inspired be lifted get ready to take on
the world as a bonus i enthu see hold
the only hard copies of this movie
everything else is digital I have 50 he
has 50 I will be signing all 50 of mine
and throwing them and random smile more
orders as a Christmas gift to you guys I
wish I had more but that's all I have
I'm not even gonna sell them I'm gonna
sign them and just throw them in orders
as Christmas gifts so that's how it's
gonna go oh yeah that's a good point I
guess if I sign him I have to open up to
sign this right here otherwise the
wrapping is just gonna get swirl this is
a super family-friendly movie no bad
language and keep this whole thing Roman
versus foo see whoever gets the most
download it's between the Roman soldiers
and the foo see Bros has to donate
$5,000 to the winner's choice charity so
if I win if we win you and me win fousey
has to donate $5,000 to the charity of
my choice
if busi wins I have to donate $5,000 to
his charity to watch this challenge
happen you go to Roman verse foo see
calm and the meter of some sort that is
keeping track of who is winning with the
most download so if you're gonna get the
movie please use my links in my
description that's the only way they
know that you bought it because of me if
the movie hits number 1 on iTunes which
we have done in the past we both have to
donate $5,000 to the Charities of our
choice so foo sees charity and my
charity will both get $5,000 donated so
it's out right now please go get it
you're gonna love it tell me what you
think it's just an inspiring film and
I'm excited to get it up so you got
really anything to help you guys get
lifted up hmm
thank you for listening to all that I'm
a little exciting you know mama
Mama's here she brought goodies breads
grandma's always bring breads let's go
yo that song is so inspiring listen I
told you guys yesterday how hard it is
to get Christmas shopping done as a
daily vlogger like you can't go anywhere
or do anything on camera like you you
get busted family members bust you or
you see people in stores that bust you
it's just bad literally running out I'm
sure like most of you I am my last
minute on a lot of things last-minute
shopping though is one I'm really guilty
on like I'm that guy that's a we point
out on Christmas Eve before to grab a
Christmas present like that's how lately
have been sometimes Christmas shopping
like it happens close your eyes they
closed open I need help
do to keep the camera to set right huh
hey hey nice cheese balls we are fixing
the are see right now as I can't stand
it me and broke honestly think I got it
done all I had to do is reconnect this
connector I'm assuming the longer one
goes to the furthest connector good
point good point good point flash he's
like just give me a cheeseball honey
it's fire extinguisher there might be a
house fire hmm that she's back look
everybody knows I'm the best at fixing
things that's what I do aside from being
a dad and a vlogger
I'm a fixer you guys know that that's
what I do who's that that's nice for me
Annie me Addie what are you doing you
can somebody hit a super super insane
cheeseball oh my god
you look like you got attacked by bees
dude well I have to just pick this
controller up and he goes crazy what is
this huh
you know this one's not actually yours
uses in the garage
maybe she's back in business ready for
fireworks he won't do a QA you keep
talking about ask him if they would want
us to do a QA like you and me know has
asked me about 40 50 60 times we can do
a Q&A over the last couple months and we
just haven't done it so tell me if you
guys would actually like no and I to sit
down doing Q&A father-son Q&A in the
meantime I've got a couple of these left
I should have wore shoes did you sell it
from there
all right guys got to go for today thank
you for watching thanks for hanging out
with us I wish I could have filmed more
tonight but I did it she did there's the
massage thing this evidence laying right
there
massage happened who is good I feel so
much better I offered you we love you
guys thank you for everything we will
see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile more thank you guys so much for
watching here's yesterday's vlogs and
please please go get the Roman verse
fousey DVD links in the description I
love you
