hey guys welcome to the vlogs my camera
a little nasty this is the camera from a
snowstorm last night so it survived
welcome how are you hope you're feeling
good we are going back in time today was
that even being back in nineteen
nineteen twelve I paid for twelve I've
gotta pick up some wood and go old
school all of this that seems like a lot
paid 12 bucks can you get this whole I
guess this whole step it's really crazy
hope you guys are having such a good day
man just get mine started here shoulda
brought gloves not bad not bad so I said
we're going back in time today we are
you'd have to be watching the vlogs for
a really long time to know where I'm
going right now
and know where I will be absolutely
beautiful day here know how it's sunny
but it's snowy which is perfect it's my
favorite it's not my favorite like palm
trees sunshine and reef water is my
favorite but if it's gonna be cold it
might as well be snowy right quick
second - thank you guys so much I'm not
sure that I've ever thanked you before
on these vlogs so I want to fish
whoo we are in our old house I am over
at the old house this is our original
house guys this is the first place the
house is right here
got the fire started with toilet paper
and a lighter and yeah who's been here
since we lived in this house this is
where Brittany used to feel smile more
orders right here at her desk we used to
have smile murmur all through here
stacks and stacks and stacks stacks and
stacks it stacks we were in this house
when Kane was born it's crazy this is it
the whole place want to come over check
on the place and just revisit the house
kept a little fire going I miss this
thing so much I used it all the time
Kane was so little he would help me get
the fire started and show them the
five-pointed it daddy okay Shawn the
fire the fire oh good job
dude we did it give me five we spent all
of our time back here this is our
favorite spot don't know how to do a
front-flip these are the world's
strongest sparklers good so we still
have the house guys nobody's in it right
now so it's just sitting here and I
wanted to come over check on the place I
just wanted to start the fire for fun
but I want to get the heat going he's
got these old electric floorboards which
is great but you do got to put them on
in the winter we get frozen pipes and
just you know nothing really exciting
but I wanted to come over today and
bring you guys along I wasn't gonna vlog
yeah I was like dude that's not
interesting and I don't know I just
decided to bring you over for a little
montage together
it's your birthday
cane is to today guys
somebody this is where it all started
guys are first literally our first
YouTube videos would have been right
here in this house so it's a good place
to come visit recoup see where we've
come from and there is nothing there's
nothing in this house look what I just
found
dude what look at this thing Oh what
it's like a shark combat shark I just
feel like hunting around trying to find
things right now there's nothing so when
we moved into this house the whole house
was this it was this um
wood paneling stuff I don't know what
you call it house was built in the 70s
we had it all painted and read on oh
there's a little baby switch all the
fires rolling now look at that this
cameras so blurry all the time I start
calling a blur bag it's my blur bag come
on dude
got the heat on house looks great I
think we're gonna sell it guys I really
do I think we're gonna sell it there's
just really no reason to be sitting on a
cute little house like that we need to
give it to somebody probably family or
friends that being said I hope you guys
are feeling good I hope you're staying
positive I hope maybe if you're going to
bed right now you sleep great and you
wake up ready to take on this crazy
world designed to bring you down baby
don't let it don't let it you got this
like you really got this you're gonna do
it
the cool part you're tougher than you'll
ever know man you get through it if
you're just starting your day let's go
let's get up let's move let's feel good
you tell your trick your mind telling me
feel good come on blue bag look how good
my snow shovel worked on the quad guys
if you can even see it it's all blurry
but it's neat whoo how you feeling you
get some sleep what happened the store
flooded so apparently I just went looked
and there was nothing so you guys must
clean apparently one of the barrels that
stores our aquarium water yes
like was spraying water everywhere now I
tried to get at the blog but nothing I
didn't see anything it's dry so either
you guys are lying really hey mom dude
he's got the right idea oh I can almost
naked mm-hmm I think you got air so the
thing about Ohio at least where we live
we're a little south east so sometimes
we get rain when it's supposed to snow
my lips are already frozen it's hard to
vlog are you eating a chunk of dirt the
thing about where we live is usually
when we do get snow it doesn't stick
around it might last a day maybe two so
we're getting the most out of it right
now check this out this is Larry's you
ready
I think flash move the camera you
totally round we're ready now dude you
ready to set the Atwood backyard air
challenge this is about style this is
about air time Kane loves getting air
I keep easy sports guy in the family
you look like a crash-test dummy dude I
think it's the end of a raft
dude look she's going flat no matter
what I do no matter how fast I get out
of big egos he just want some more
faster bigger was legit freezing out
there my cheeks won't even move we
making your own pizzas
yeah grandma brought over mama brought
over some prison food look at this look
at that one full scoop for you boy ha ha
it's actually unbelievable potato soup
did you try it bacon and cheese and oh
it's good it's hot too right after the
snow we are done and we're about to do
something that you guys can definitely
do right now if it's really cold out I
guess you could probably put them in
your freezer too right maybe maybe get
one in the freezer before we do this you
guys know I partnered up with live dot
me to do crazy live streams I have not
done one for about what's the last one
we did the giveaway was our last stream
tug-of-war smartcard tug-of-war you guys
remember that one smart guy talking I
don't know we taken a small break but we
are back with an awesome friggin live
stream please tune in to this one you
guys remember maybe two weeks ago I went
over to fish tank todd's and we tried to
shoot down using our guns to blow up a
tree and take it down like this is like
the avatar tree dude when this tree goes
down it's going to look like the scene
on Avatar
get the app it is totally free I will
put it in the top link on my description
click it download it subscribe to me I
have four and a half million followers
this is not a joke four and a half
million followers on live dummy this is
going to be a huge strain we're gonna
livestream the birth of our baby we're
gonna what about from like like behind
like I could we can put it like up in
the corner and film like naked run
around the house do I remember the last
labor yes I'll never forget the last
labor is the most disturbing thing I
ever witnessed in my life Kane came out
like a rubber human dropped him limp on
to your chest
first surges dad no it was easy alive
see if we livestream it you'd remember
you better watch it
get the app guys please get the app it's
on your phone just click it go to the
App Store download live dot me or click
the link in my description let's have
some fun come hang out like this is this
is the funnest time live it is like live
vlogging no cuts no editing it is raw
raw I just can't stress it enough
go get the app it's free it's fun come
hang out with us live a lot like we're
gonna be doing a lot of live streams so
get it now let's do this project get
that thing away from me first of all the
Saint sucks let's spoil it let's go the
bathroom sink follow me oh all of our
sinks don't have like a little oh you're
soaking wet
here's the food coloring okay so here's
what we got it I guess we should show
them what we're doing right yeah balloon
you drop some man
squirt it how much you ship it in um I
don't know I think you see might be good
yes we did it we did one so now we have
a blue inside a blue water one all right
okay there's one let's do more oh this
is a cool new orange yellow is it yellow
yeah that's orange you call it blond if
you can't see this you fella blonde
obviously never before that's yellow
your fingers are gonna be all kinds of
different keywords though I think
they're gonna work great
I mean this is legit - legit almost I
almost have to quit so you guys can
totally do this it's really fun for the
kids it's actually fun for me I'm
enjoying this that's a big go home
though right there you got it alright we
all got our balloons and we're gonna
head outside
lots of snow you got it oh boy oh my
gosh I've got that pop this one's gonna
look ridiculous
knees are right here okay oh my gosh
these put yellow I thought for sure you
were gonna luck me out you could have
totally had me just put yellow snow on
the porch so you feel your balloons you
could you don't have to put food
coloring in and that's just kind of like
a little bonus suppose it does your
fingers you leave them outside and then
once they're frozen you cut the rubber
balloon off and you have like these
glass looking well I don't know how
FAR's it's gonna look like that there's
probably tons of bubbles then I don't
know they're suppose it's an experiment
they're supposed to be colored orbs like
glass or zine thrown dropping break and
crush and shoot them I can reassure you
that they'll definitely be done tomorrow
I mean are you tired or you look at them
eyes oh man all right Kane wants to do
one more little fun factory up here okay
what color balloon little green on green
action super green green main lime green
I cleaned this bathroom today it's still
clean it's just green guess what there's
peanut butter cracker see tomorrow our
balloons will be frozen I just checked
on them it's actually been a little bit
I checked on them they're not frozen
they're still jiggly can I destroy your
house that you made you would do it to
me back in the day I would build
something you just crush oh you're
blowing out the bottom I got you I got
you
that's it's all he wants cause you
always get one out of the pack at the
end of the night I
peanut butter crackers while I edit at
night Zeus comes in I was given the last
car here
so now when he smells to me like where's
my cracker we are just hanging out we're
probably gonna call it a night call it a
night call it a day gonna edit gonna get
ready for tomorrow and Friday our big
tree is coming down I want this tree to
come to them so bad
hope you enjoyed a little throwback to
the old house today and thanks for
hanging out that's all we got okay you
won't say bye that's it all right hey
mommy is we love you guys thank you
again
keep pushing you're beautiful you're one
of a kind smile
you
