welcome to the vlog guys how the heck
are you it is gloomy it is gray it is uh
it is not snowy
I just want to snow like I'm sitting I'm
with you flash I know you want to play
in the snow and suit you Zeus and you
what do you got you want to show them
come here let's go in here this could be
one of the greatest things we've ever
gotten come on you ready to drop it
ready drop it right here Oh
check these out do we got
glow-in-the-dark smile more bracelets
finally I've been wanting these forever
and they're bright we would never lose
Zeus at night you imagine those we have
been waiting a very long time for these
and we finally got one of our most
popular items is the wristbands but the
glowing dark to me is just I don't know
I love it I'm gonna show them what else
we got first of all welcome to the vlog
guys we are so excited right now
I didn't plan to have this all today but
we got it so here we go we're starting
our vlog with them you want to take them
out of the little packages there's just
been a couple of things we have been
waiting on and they're finally here so I
want to show you guys today and kind of
just get it out of the way - sounds like
you guys are opening candy okay check
them out check them out we got our own
keychains guys it's are smiling
characters if you guys played our game
then you know who these guys are but
this is Kane Noah Brittany and myself
and we finally got these made - front
and back
they're amazing word wheels what are you
doing oh I mean I'm sure they do but
like zippers right yeah you just clip
them on two zippers yeah yes that's
awesome so yeah yeah my first can have a
is that core what did your all your got
your own keychain yeah take you
everywhere since the last thing I'm
gonna talk about smile more today but
these are exciting to us and we really
really want to get them out there we've
been waiting a while obviously the games
been out a while so we thought this
would be a perfect addition to our store
they come all four in a pack you get all
four in a pack in a bag very cool and
yeah
that being said I ended yesterday's vlog
today which bumped me back a little bit
and I edited today so that really cost
me a lot of time it is already getting
kind of late still light out so we were
hanging out today getting some time
together just got back from Mississippi
last night and tomorrow is the big day
we get to here for our first time our
baby's heartbeat
so that is tomorrow which I can't stop
thinking about the first time this is a
true story the first time I got to here
little cleaner heartbeat
cane do you know the first time I heard
your heartbeat Brittany got into a car
accident when she was pregnant with Kane
I heard Kane's heartbeat for the first
time at the hospital because they tested
to make sure the baby was okay that is
so the first time I got to hear Cain's
heartbeat was in a very nice film on or
something yeah crazy
tomorrow we will be bringing you guys
will be be will be be a drumstick you
should play the drums with two of those
Splatt Splatt Splatt my bag looks like a
Christmas tree dude these could be
Christmas ornaments on the tree so what
is a very very laid-back day here at the
little Ed Wood house but I just told you
to do that you were like it doesn't work
about to make some serious chocolate
chip cookies dude light brown sugar I
could eat that whole bag baking soda
what I said see if we can put this in
the refrigerator the most destructive
ingredient in the planet sugar well yeah
I'm not kidding this looks like a bunch
of bed quilts were cut up and made into
Kane's new shirt
you picked out we actually got a couple
nice outfits for all of us for now I can
rip myself cuz you guys know I'm pretty
much where I mean I'm in like laid-back
jammies hey we got Christmas coming up
so we're gonna be with family we got
some nice shirts and things you might
see us on the on the nicer side
you ordered Zeus's Christmas stuff just
10,000 tennis balls dropped from a
helicopter into the backyard whoa why
did it come like that it's like a ball
not it's like a knot in its inside out
it's used have you ever done that before
yeah can you believe how close Christmas
actually is we were thinking I was like
I need to order a couple Christmas gifts
I was like I got tons of time and
Britain is like you're on like the last
week to order Christmas stuff yeah I
don't know anything pants for the last
two months I was like I don't know what
size jeans you want I'm guessing it's
good what is the Christmas gift this
year what are you asking for what is it
that you truly want your all camera look
how much camo we have on right now
between you and me good
combat Carl it's what happens with
Britney buys things that need hung on
the wall it's it's never gets hung out
me that must be to help face dump it
dump it dump it dump it but get it boy
all that sugar yeah you sweat it down
the bowl we need some new tape our
messages are falling off
the chickens hatching he's coming out
mom Oh God all right that's reworks
all right though Oh baby you look all
right Cain's putting racetrack around
the dog he doesn't even care is this
what you got around your neck boy oh my
mom and dad are coming over and I'm not
sure exactly what we're gonna do kind of
like this entire day we're just hanging
out man we're really just relaxing
catching up with each other hanging out
goofing off
like a very real do-nothing day man it's
it's this nothing exciting happening you
guys want a raw log you asked for it
this is as raw as it hits this is this
is our household for real Hey
hi and go seek with the little one happy
you're home tell them what you said
about camping outside okay so this is my
challenge to this family yeah okay so
when when it gets really cold and we got
about six inches of snow we all go out
and we rough it for the night all night
we take all your survival then big fat
coach you got all that stuff yeah you're
allowed to habitat yeah
reowww you use all your GPS stuff and
everything and we can we gotta fight
through the night we got a circle whole
night yeah it's a real survival game
it's like a real reality show we're out
there surviving but and then behind the
cameras the house and the water running
water and there's no escape
you gotta suffer the night you're gonna
have the baby out in the woods this is
what you guys think of that a survival
vlog where we have to basically camp in
the snow using all of our supplies and
things that we have built stream water
into good water I'll build a fire bigger
than the city no yeah
we'll do like a big pot of beans and
we'll make it far right up the tan will
be warm natural gas I'm just hanging out
coming up with really bad ideas cane
it's done it's ready
Kurt Atwood takes the stage one pull
your heads the paddle yeah we'll only
because you're moving it's about stay
you go nice little VR action are you
tired flash you always like you're
entertaining too much all right guys so
here we are towards the end of the vlog
I hung out with the family mom and dad
and we kind of just goofed off talked
about some crazy ideas my dad still
wants to launch the GPS tracker in the
giant helium balloon and see where it
lands which I actually thinks a great
idea so we're looking into that idea I'm
totally down for that we just gotta make
sure it's like we can do it this thing
might land in your backyard like I don't
know where it's gonna go
I've looked online and some of these
balloons have traveled really far like
insanely far so it could be something
fun to do and then we could all watch it
live like where this balloon is live on
on this website it's crazy that being
said I feel like we'll be more on track
like we have been for the last 10 days
11 days
tomorrow we will be hearing the baby's
heartbeat for the first time which to me
is the prime example of what we want to
capture on these vlogs for our future
and I don't know I just feel like it's a
real moment for us to be sharing with
you guys I mean it's crazy I will be
spending the rest of my night doing all
the photos for smile more and doing
business stuff things that I just don't
think you're that interested in
everything's available on the website by
the time you're watching this the new
glow-in-the-dark bands the new keychains
everything will be done and in order for
that to be happening I have to do it
tonight so if you want to grab any of
those the keychains are limited edition
we're only that's the only order we're
getting of those the wristbands we
should have plenty but if you want one I
always say just get them link is in the
top of the description as always you
guys know the drill thanks for
supporting the movement thanks for
repping it other than that guys I hope
that you're ready to take on your day I
hope you're ready to take on tomorrow
just know that you can do it and you
will do it like I know you're gonna do
it that's the cool part just know that
you're gonna do it you're gonna you're
gonna I love you guys so much thanks for
sticking around today I know today was
like I said from the very beginning kind
of a lame vlog we're just gonna film a
little bit of our day and that's what it
is so at least the streaks still
continues we're having fun with it and I
can't thank you guys enough for
everything stay strong keep your head up
keep pushing forward you are beautiful
you are truly one-of-a-kind smile more
you
