welcome to the vlog guys hope you are
having a perfect day no one I are about
to jump on a plane head back home
seaport and cane and ready ready to rock
back feels good and your different flips
on the bed we went to the trampoline
place late last night I blew my knee out
which feels pretty good today and no
blues back house so this is Noah's ice
bag from last night dude I always feel
like we're forgetting stuff like always
I know there's nothing in that bag
going down if you did not watch
yesterday's vlog please check it out we
had such a good time here in Mississippi
excited to be at home but Wow
good time man we did basketball we did
the beach we did bowling we went to the
arcade we went to the trampoline park
jeez it's warm out man I'm not leaving
let's just go back though tell good bye
Gulfport you have made this trip amazing
man awesome thank you so much let's say
goodbye alright no to the palm trees
dude it's so warm those carrying his
coat today there's palm trees and bricks
it's smells amazing
Brittany just posted a picture of his
fam of hurricanes in the snow so we're
just hours away from that do you want
your picture taken with the gingerbread
man
you look pretty buff dudes are
started at the bottom of the escalator
yes we can not forget this we've
actually never been to Mississippi so we
collect magnets everywhere we go most
you guys know that we got to get a
magnet are those bragging nets yeah what
I take up your whole board oh these are
cool babies fish Mississippi fish okay
we got the drone out we're flying above
the airport
watch your step little one
the worst time to have all this energy
is on a plane no he's freaking out dude
there's no candy stop there's no oh my
gosh come on come on we made it to
Atlanta we might as well just get a
place about right yeah that's where all
the flights are if we lived in Georgia
then we'd have straight flights oh do
they got your backpack dude that's the
one you want right
we need like a playground to burn energy
well we we missed our we missed our look
at the one behind this it was packed
bumper-to-bumper we missed be how we
feel its kissing your hyperness
and that concludes our travel video but
here's the thing we're gonna stay at the
airport for 24 hours right because
that's the new trend right 24 hours in
the well we could go under these seats
what right there and nobody will see us
oh my gosh you could get in there okay
I'm gonna be honest I just want to go
home you sure you don't wanna stay I
don't understand
forget this challenge we did the two
minute challenge two minute nobody's
done that is it even possible knowing
that the first bag is ours it never
happens
get it get it get it get it get it get
it
we just witnessed history right there
and we are lucky really lucky we were so
excited like to get not to the cold but
to the snow and the rain came and no 13
most of them yeah the good news is were
home guys I hope you enjoyed our trip to
Mississippi I know I did I think you did
you have a good time it was amazing so
quick it's like we're there we're back
it's crazy man time is crazy a car up
there it's driving like a maniac
how do we put this up I love you so much
dude
I the greatest time with you man I'm not
like no you guys remember last Sunday
seems like yesterday last Sunday I was
so excited to go get my boy Noah I mean
I was you could see it my face I was so
happy
well today is the opposite Sunday it's
already Sunday again and that means I
had to drop Noah off what are you going
do it you want to go right you want to
go right go right go right
no make up your mind you want it okay
you're going left
all right go left we all got our issues
man I am gonna stop and get ice cream
for Cain and Britney just in case she's
not feeling that great
maybe some ice cream will cheer up I
don't think it's gonna make her feel
better like ice does it make you feel
that I don't think so I don't think
maybe I want the ice cream maybe I'm
stopping for me and I'm just hi buddy
hello where's my family are you talking
to me like that don't you talk to me
like that where's mommy where's Kane
where is he where
Zeus ratted you out
this ratted you out hi bud I missed you
guys so much look at this love you like
a Klingon you got the double legs
wrapped I don't think he's letting go of
you hey hey how are you guys good how
are you I'm awesome
all right just cut me better right now
hey hey just make you make your make
yourself at home
is this what Mommy lets you I got you
let me do that look at that face look
please football don't kick me off the
cows oh s--- my man I'm back I'm back
hey I stopped and got you guys something
only the healthy stuff double chocolate
Reese's or what is it what is it what
are you doing what is going on with your
steps dude Oh kate and kane uncharted
alright guys welcome to the current day
here at the Atwood house I what you
doing buddy you building a blue and
arrow a lot of you guys actually love
when I do the current day vlogs I'm not
doing it because you actually like I'm
doing it because I got home last night I
threw my camera into the corner of that
couch and I never paid I never picked it
up again we ended up watching movies and
we hung out we goofed off and now here
we are Cain found uh masking tape that
painters tape whatever this is called
and dude it was a it was like a bow and
arrow now it's just I don't know what it
is we're gonna have to go wake mommy up
soon because it's we've got to I am so
excited to see this one it's done can I
hope you have enough tape Betty you
would do it to me King took all the
Christmas tree decorations off he said
we need to go get decorations and I kind
of agree because we set up this tree
last week and we storm and decorated it
it's sort of sitting here so we need to
go do decorations I mean we have song
but not enough for this what is this is
this the blue hot wheels tape sword yeah
what's going on here is this like a
drawer lock so you can't open it anyway
guys coming on here to tell you we made
it home we want the in the vlog
appropriately okay these guys just play
with me hope you guys are having a
perfect day whether it's morning
lunchtime nighttime whatever time it is
I hope it's going great I also want to
thank you again for all the support on
yesterday's vlog Keegan and Kaden have
texted me I got their numbers and we
have been talking and they are just so
happy you guys showed and gave so much
love to these boys so thank you for
being so supportive on these little
missions that we do and I just couldn't
be happier
thank you guys so much today's vlog is
short but it is a vlog baby we're still
going thanks for being here you're
absolutely beautiful
I just love you guys smama
you
