trying to get out boy trying to get out
oh there you go
kept us from getting on the roof didn't
they hey guys welcome to the vlog today
is an incredibly fun and special day
Noah is here with me we flew to
Mississippi not even sure what time what
town are we in I actually told her where
we're at we're actually ready to go
right now we're gonna head out and let's
do this you excited this is gonna be
really cool man
are you still waking up I feel like I'm
still waking up
ready to go he didn't budge I thought I
was gonna scare you man
got a very quick driver meeting up with
somebody that's gonna help explain
exactly what we're doing today and
though we got this crazy boss
Mississippi you not ever been here
what's this town called yeah like where
we know like what town are we hi Boober
okay so we've arrived at the first home
and explained help me explain to my
viewers exactly what we're doing today
so that you're with make-a-wish hi guys
I am Marcia McGowan with make-a-wish I'm
a volunteer with make-a-wish of
Mississippi and what we're here today is
to meet with Keegan in his family and
the make-a-wish grants wishes to
children who have life-threatening
illnesses so he is in love with you and
he is here you're here to help make this
wish a dream for him so we'll see how
that goes today oh that's such an honor
so I got my boy Noah and we are ready
and we're here you ready to do this make
this Kids Day you gonna make our day
it was Christmastime
knock-knock
what's up hey nobody
I found you ready
are you we're ready to rock man I'm
vlogging you'll be in the blog this is
your Christmas list
okay a GoPro so I can make dope vids cuz
I'm a savage GoPro accessory Street
Roman Atwood because he's awesome dude
you are awesome and this is a real list
of he make this the top comment on
yesterday's vlog is no please start
vlogging these good so we get to st.
Jude and I didn't really know about you
I've watched your pranks but we we're a
fun family like we go to it but we get
to st. Jude and this dude you know we
got really bad
last year the doctor waited until after
we had Christmas and we went the
following Monday and he told us and we
thought they were gonna be chopping his
legs off and and it turned out that
thought that way but you got this kid
through cancer every day at 2:00 o'clock
when your videos came up he didn't care
what anyone was doing if they were just
as kids will be giving chemo if he was
good to have an x-ray the world stopped
kids cancers but and and since we've
been home the paperwork you took I mean
you have the opportunity to go anywhere
I mean probably yeah you do realize you
could ask me anybody right it is a more
of an honor than you ever know like it's
it's such an honor when I get home from
school I don't even do my homework I
watch you saw some about employee when I
watch you it gets me to do my homework
motivate yeah love it well that's good
to hear
right right I definitely try to motivate
we're on your time today anything you
want to do we can literally sit on that
couch we can go out we can it's all you
and basketball I'm one of the best
football players in the world you must
know apparently he was trying to play
basketball all day but they wouldn't let
him go out because he might see us come
good job
Oh
chuckles this dude well it's like a
hundred degrees in here we're gonna cook
you today we're gonna cook you so you
make some YouTube videos right but you
don't have a camera at all do you want
to go get a new camera okay
I actually have a brand-new never used
brand new g7x
the number two that you can have it's
yours if you want that one or you one
still go to Best Buy you guys got a boat
yep so this turns on yeah I'll put them
little wind screens on for you and then
the red button records so we can we can
record it up blog it like this
yeah is it recording yep you're all set
so guys we're at the beach right now and
um yeah we're just looking at the leaves
it's beautiful bea utiful this video
needs to be reached to Roman Atwood I
want him to be part of my make-a-wish
and I'm Romans number one fan jersey
number one Ben and
yeah
oh geez that maybe maybe maybe we could
put that on multiple chips
I'll take so there we go there we go
okay you go on go for it
at first I was like you got this are you
ready
we're all doing it I'm doing it - I'm
doing it - I'll do it
no you're gonna do it here you take this
yeah not bad you go on pops see come on
man come on dude me and you together
same time come on all right
we're gonna cheers Cheers
here we go you ready
that's done
his face is getting red good job dude
you did it alright we're getting back to
the house I got some gifts for you man
we brought you this is for my brother
it's a full kit of all his dominoes tons
of stackers and bridges and and these
are sweet because they're
glow-in-the-dark alright dude you are
now better setup than I am right now
this isn't this is this is well it's the
new g7x which I'm not even using so
there you go it's all yours dude
locked and loaded I expect to see some
videos what's your YouTube channel
Keegan Harrell ke GaN space har alright
guys just showing some love
Noah subscribed to you fight on the set
I go back to sleep
sui had this idea that I would be under
his tree Christmas morning so we're
actually gonna film a little skit
for his channel right now you ready
it's Christmas
your soldier did not well yeah that's he
is thank you for that
see you buddy you the man mom dad thanks
let me into your life you got some
amazing boys man how was that buddy
that's great right it's amazing amazing
I honestly believe that I take away more
than they get they I don't feel like I
get what I'm getting out of it like to
have that honor to have somebody all
they want to do instead of going to
Disneyland instead of meeting the rock
they asked to meet me like I was seeking
out of all the probably millions of
youtubers right but us were easy
that's it yeah you're probably sitting
there thinking like why did he pick my
dad out of all the youtubers and all the
celebrities anybody in the world
Keegan you are awesome dude he left me
speechless man thank you for the visit
thank you for allowing me into your home
and Noah we had we had a great time with
you did so thank you for that ran to the
store got some snacks Arab I know you
want this pretty crazy there is another
his name is Kaden we are now going to
Kayden's house which is another kid who
has made a wish too so crazy only about
30 minutes in the city okay
so we are coming to meet Kaden how old
is Kaden well okay
Kaden is 12 he's about to come to this
awesome arcade bowling alley for what's
he coming here for you yeah but he
doesn't know it's for me okay cool so
he's coming here to bowl with his
brother and his dad but we're gonna be
here waiting for him that should be a
pretty cool surprise so Kaden has
absolutely no idea that this all you
guys are here like the family's here and
he's just gonna come in the door and
then no and I are also gonna be here and
far as I know he has no idea so that's
always super exciting you're nervous
this is more of a shy guy thank you
you're pretty shy for also I'm gonna
hide behind the door you can come and
see his family and here we go here we go
your birthday right
do you think this trash taken out no
seriously you need the trash take it out
and just here to help surprise your
family set you up man oh really the new
one so you had no idea where I was going
the secret mission
I saw them van back there I was
wondering oh he's your van cuz it was in
the vlog yesterday all right you want to
vlog blog I do
oh it should be our goal to get some
good bowling on this video guys we are
really we really need to impress these
guys and right now a little bit
embarrassed all right as close to what I
was talking about right there we need
more of that
you did it you like filming yeah you
gotta get you it you gotta get you gotta
start vlogging don't really take it 20
it says 20 that's gonna be a lot of
quarters 4 times 20 how many quarters is
that 4 times 20 Oh give me this no there
you go
dude that's a lot of quarters man
pinball dude were sick have you ever
played pinball it's your first time
awesome
do it let's do it no fight better than
five that's right race off so race off
Kate inverse Noah Kaden's got the GTR
oh it's coming back sort of all right
let's do it
thank you would you kick the lights on
oh I brought you a giant bag of small
more stuff like four tons of t-shirts
folders everything you can think of and
my brother sent a huge box of his
Domino's all right do you like that one
I mean tell everybody a joke let's hear
it so I heard this is like your favorite
food close to it yeah my sources were
wrong but Japanese Steakhouse we're
gonna do some cookin yeah he's gonna get
warm tell me tell me one more joke
we go
do you know what a Walkman is a Walkman
I don't we gotta get a new Walkman who
knows what a Walkman is you know you
don't know how to walk - no what do you
know what a Walkman is do you know what
a Walkman is am i that old dude they're
so awesome do you know what a cassette
tape is oh yeah okay a Walkman is what
you put a cassette tape in to listen to
music so we're gonna go get one because
they're awesome it wasn't even like five
five minutes after meeting you you
pulled out your iPod and you were like i
have smile inc which is my game but he
couldn't play it because i'm so laggy so
I want to take you to Best Buy and get
you the best iPod that we can get
whatever you want and you can pick
whatever you want out all right so we've
decided the iPod doesn't have enough
power for my man here so he's going with
the iPad pro did you saw how big this is
right yeah
it's like carrying around a Samsung TV
it's huge look at this yeah oh it's
sweet you're gonna be able to do
anything on that what is a TV you happy
dude I'll get this goodie bag whoo give
me five
how was your day did you love that it
was it was quite inspiring
we have just sent our final goodbyes to
Caden in his beautiful family
what a great just what a great time
Caden your amazing dude thank you for
inviting me to your just be part of your
family today
it was enjoy that new iPad dude he got
the coolest iPad I didn't know they made
those and he got you it was a gold okay
here's the thing the vlog was actually
over right now and we found out that our
hotel is right by the Indoor Trampoline
Park which is actually the arcade in the
bowling alley we were at today are you
sure that's it that's really far Noah
really really really wanted to come here
burn some energy I'm exhausted
I don't know how you stuff in it how I
told you said oh you're gonna be
exhausted buying told you that I will
not be exhausted our original idea was
to get back tonight edit the vlog and
then go to the pool but the pool is
under construction how's it possible
okay dude so that's not the most
reassuring thing in the front of a
trampoline park no it's gonna be a
madhouse who can do two who can do the
best trick
okay see ya this is awesome
oh so close
one oh you had it you're going keep
going
yes whoo that was awesome I've never
been able to do that my life he's
straight
okay well that was fun interesting we're
both leaving very sore my knee is shot
you know what they sucks that you're
back what makes me feel a little better
than I'm not just too old but we both
got hurt
make me feel better because we're both
hurt okay so what was worse did the hot
sauce today or the back warmed off
maybe maybe put this well guys were
settling down we're trying to say our
goodbyes I've been I've been just really
really struck today by emotionally and
always an eye-opener when I meet you
guys what these videos do for some of
you some of you it's just you brush it
off it's entertainment it is what it is
some of you it's it's affecting your
life's and smile more as a movement and
and these vlogs motivate you and inspire
you to do better things and become
better versions of who you are right now
thank you so much
Keegan and Kaden today I wish I could
meet every single one of you like how do
I meet more people I am I'm extremely
drawn to this I have an extreme passion
for meeting you guys absolutely love and
am honored that some of you request to
literally make a wish to meet me it just
blows my mind
I don't even wanna show you guys all
this but Keegan's family made me an
entire book of this whole journey and
everything he's been through in it is
just thank you guys so much if you would
love to see more vlogs I'm gonna be
doing a lot more of these whether I vlog
it or not I don't know some families
don't want to necessarily be on the vlog
like that I would have to respect that
and I would definitely do that so huge
thumbs up if you like these type of
vlogs um I'm definitely doing I'm either
way like this is something I'm really
really into and I'm really passionate
about did awesome trip with you we're
gonna fly back in the morning back to
Ohio see Brittany see Cain hopefully
she's feeling better
that's so important right now that she
just gets back up like I'm so tired of
her feeling like crap it sucks that is
that guys thank you for everything thank
you thank you thank you we will see you
tomorrow keep going keep pushing you are
beautiful you're one of a kind smile
you
you
