and we got mail we got mail Honolulu Oh
that's the particle what is it what do
you think welcome home guys welcome to
the vlog no II know II know II kay nurse
well Scoob Steve Cain I wanted to do
intros today so that's what you saw at
the very beginning that was all Cain
he's been asking to do those for very
long time it's our marriage license so
now it's official we can go get so
before that paper ham she technically
still Brittany Smith because you can't
get an ID change can't get your passport
change can't get credit cards change no
yes so now it's another big pain in the
butt you got to go do all that crap
that's such they should be just
something online you click a button in
and just send you all new stuff with all
new names Brian thinks our pulls a
bathtub it's not about Roe jumping apart
so yeah we're home core is asleep right
now or I would show that little girl and
we have some fun today you can jump off
the roof of that do your idea you should
jump in on the pool with it and see if
here all the towers yeah do it you're
the worst liar like when you say things
I just that is awesome babe that's great
that's great news we got the mail show
you guys a quick update that a house is
starting look like a house thanks to the
front and he's mean we got like
landscaping now in almost grass like
look we almost have a backyard I don't
know if you remember I don't know if you
remember the desert that was in the
front yard but it's grass now and now we
got all this new grass because they
poured the pad which came out really
cool look at this this is so neat man I
had no idea how they did that but it's
not wet it's like a yeah it does look
wet so yeah guys compared to like a year
ago two years ago the house is coming
together this place was we trashed this
place man monster trucks and we do
everything you can think of that's
really coming along palms beautiful
which we're gonna get into that thing
you speak of I stink
is it dang it go me to row row me to row
let's go let's go get this stuff out of
the boat got this baby
you got the street don't want me to
drive back to trailer up on deed of
trailers not my thing we are we're gonna
head out we've seen a couple things that
we really want to go check out get the
boys and this guy we're gonna go see if
they're still there they're like two jet
skis they're old they're used it's you
not here they are like 93 93 I just pull
up here just by the golf cart
oh that golf cart looks even bad
yo this thing looks so old but it still
runs
Atka TK the 80k all right guys so we
passed these things like 20 times in
their car I don't know man 800 bucks
each I think he's really wrong he's
really wrong but can you send it are you
serious you can just start it like that
$800 each that's a that's an investment
for for fun that's a fun investment
that's an in fun Smith store see Jim
let's go see Jim I was back her up
let's pick it's crazy I all I think like
most people you want a Jess it's
something like I don't know maybe it's
just me but I always wanted a Jesse you
see you ever heard that Joker's heard
that joke guy says money can't buy
happiness I can buy a jet ski
he said you ever see somebody unhappy on
a jet ski dude or that joke a long time
ago no we ain't worried about you taking
these to Lake by yourself I could back
it up yeah camera dude okay so one is a
1993 one of the 1996 this is a 93 96
very old but they both fired right up so
we'll see what we can get in through
these guys got a couple ideas okay well
we just got back home and now super
distraction you're talking about leaving
in look at this for what is that what is
that she's a better not be ours never
not be ours
no reaction crazy what's her name
Lennox that is a cool name
dang course so curious but she's like
actually mom okay don't get too
connected to that baby go outside try to
figure this stuff out okay all right
here she goes he going in there's no
turning back now you know those tires
they sunk so deep I just jump on one how
do you start on Mother's get all of it
somebody getting on flash come on I bet
he'll ride on this niggas mud do that
trailer sink like a foot yeah that's
from the jet ski oh here we go
you're started right up dude oh my god
is too sick
I wish this amazing
little lake
no bumper boats would be fun bumper
boats dude can't get at the start oh no
dude oh no it's a bust
check the flux capacitor
you
he literally jumped off
I turn to Johnny
okay so the job this is like this is now
that we have this is like an addition
that we should have had a long time ago
this is so much fun dude good driving
skills boy and what can we do with them
we need like an activity it's one thing
it's like one thing to ride them around
that fun for us but what we do for you
huh or topito people will be fun like
inner tubes do we stir this pond was so
clear this morning I can be back by 5:00
okay
well this idea is going well oh my god
imagine the nose of that boat just goes
under full nosedive fleshie we're go
ridin you we're go ridin alright we got
our first challenge our first
competition our first idea with the jet
skis that is it's a land race I know
what you're thinking a land race that's
it's made for the water well jet skis
are know like when we go to the beach or
we travel you see the guys that own them
though they'll get speed and they'll
ride up on the beach or we don't have
sand but we got this really shallow area
that comes up into the yard and we're
gonna see who can go the furthest into
the grass I know it's a stupid idea I
just I don't know I want a challenge I
want a competition I want to mark
distance I want to measure it I want to
see who goes the farthest you just come
blazing go around lap one you come in
full speed in you head right up through
this grass so silky so soft so smooth be
great
I got it right the cone Oh
my god
he just spent all my hair dude look okay
I was going fast like fast look where
mine is Jason Statham movies driving
down the road yeah transporting like
three or something the beasts coming in
for the landing closer to water did you
see that do Brian you actually picked up
speed when you hit Shore when you hit
the grass you just sped up cuz I got it
all wet I got it all wet first that's
why he went further and you have your
mullet on do that was aerodynamics no
mullet no video
you blew it off the cat you can actually
see the trails in the grass from these
things they're just two sitting in the
middle of yard looks so funny it's a
party going oh we had this crazy idea
for like the most ridiculous photo where
we put the jet skis obviously try to
wash them the rest of can put them in
the pool Sun is getting past mom or
right now which means we're half
shadowed and I'd say in like ten minutes
this will be fully shout out it's not
how good the photos gonna come out but
the idea is just to make a ridiculous
photo why would there be two jet skis
waverunners whatever you call them in
the pool of this eyes on geez oh geez
that just looks bad I just got bad news
on it why is he going over here easy now
easy now Brian my pool we're talking
about imagine he just hits the side of
the pool and it just blows out got this
dude I wanna see it kind of looks like a
raft oh my god the idea is just getting
getting stupider Dumber I'm gonna
summers done it starts getting cold
again gain over a mass whole different
shift in what we do what we film what we
even I don't know I love the summer you
guys ready to ride these in the pool
yeah dude it wasn't for gas and oil I'd
totally but we'll put them in the pond
when we're done rock and roll other than
in movies I've never seen a waverunner
in a pool it's like the Billy Madison
knew but in their writing yeah a little
yeah yeah this is like a kid's pool this
is a kid this is our pool baby
all right Brit hey Brit you ready for
our family photo let's do this
it's funny when I like a simple idea
turns into all this extra filming
gadgets and gear and equipment and it's
good man that's fun today that was super
fun today I love when a weird idea turns
into reality that's fun but I had the
idea for jet skis for a while and then
we've seen these two for sale we're like
it'd be they run maybe we can do it
right now
so I hope you enjoy the tool was sketchy
that was the weird that the pool looks
great still rock gains a you're trying
to kneeboard he's in the back he's
trying I think he's just playing now
get it boy get a keg stand up oh my gosh
guys what a fun like legit such a fun
day man any time we can mix family with
fun like a lot of things you'll see us
do mainly revolves around will it be fun
for all of us obviously there's things
that I've done just for you know me or
bread or buy when you buy like weird
things like this you know it's gonna
bring fun to the whole family for days
and days and days and days and maybe the
way these things are running they're
unstoppable we want to be having fun
with these all next summer hopefully
we're going to see what the family's on
there you go there you go boy he's
getting it he's getting it it's all my
speed you gotta go fast
Oh boop-boop boop-boop boop-boop
rah what you party in you tell she took
over the TV from the clip from where I
was outside to now I'd lost my vlog
camera
I literally just searched everywhere I
went back out to the pond I I looked at
her I had no recollection of what I did
with my camera I always said I need
alarm on my cameras cuz I spend most
days I blog I spend them looking for
this thing like I set it down like all
in this clip set it and I'll get up and
go do something that I'm like where's my
camera
where's my camera dude hope you enjoyed
today we had a great time we're trying
oh yeah we're kind of wrapping it up
hanging out been--but this is why you
sit at the table the food in your eyes
Hey entertaining dad daddy's not cutting
it under stop baby crying thing guys we
love you so much we're gonna say goodbye
for now and yeah head on awesome that
kids had an awesome a family had an
awesome day
hoorah she says she had a wonderful
really
but out there I thought like that yeah
sure we love you guys so much thanks for
the love support the shares the watch
with your family everything go home
Britney
you're beautiful is one of a kind smile
that goes for you too cool you need to
turn that frown upside down
