welcome to the vlog guys can't you have
done a terrific job dude I don't know if
this is possible I need everybody to
gather Noah I need you oh my gosh what
if it's not even what we think it is
we don't even know I never seen
something has arrived to our house today
that we see that's true come here I got
to show you what do you even doing dude
where are you at if it is what I think
it is come on come on come here we need
a knife two boxes have arrived today
which if this is what we think it is
this would happen very very quickly from
what I've heard this takes a long time
to receive so see what's in here
just bubble wrap that's it I thought oh
that really be them already Oh give me
five dude you're gonna see what does
this even need to came it is here you
just touched it with your fingers Hani
oh mylanta is it heavy oh my gosh I'm so
excited look how beautiful that thing is
except for Brittany's paw prints what a
time for I think we should have wrapped
him and put him under the tree and had
to wait till Christmas to open I
couldn't I couldn't
oh you just drill a hole here you put
how many years of you to help me slide
this out at a hundred thousand we
thought not bad that's a healthy new
channel at 1 million we thought wow this
creators got something pretty awesome
going on but at 10 million at this point
we are actually scratching our heads how
the heck did you do that 10 million
subscribers isn't just a lot of people
it's more than the entire population of
New York City the fact is you're no
longer just a great channel you are a
movement you amaze us and inspire us
every day keep it coming
thanks you to correct SEO baby yo this
means it's the first time I've ever
touched I don't quit there's nothing
higher right both channels tonight oh so
cold it's foggy what do you think Dad
you got it wow did you display it this
way no I see you I feel like this is the
appropriate time to say huge thank you
to our beautiful viewers you guys you
guys have done this this is this is a
massive massive achievement I think the
kids if not where you going where you
going are you taking it to your room
guys Wow okay another off-guard moment
because we didn't expect I didn't expect
to see these for a very long time I mean
I didn't expect like yeah we hit it but
I didn't expect to get them for a long
time and honestly I didn't expect to get
both on the same day like that's thank
you so much Merry Christmas guys
that's that's it Merry Christmas that's
I'm completely satisfied I mean bike
completely says thank you guys so much
for
once again on the greatest Christmases
is already like I think imagine if you
guys would have not told me these came
and you wrapped them can you imagine I
would have never known and I just was
like opening Christmas gifts and then
what are these we did not expect to get
these at all she's like yeah I had to
sign for them I hope they are Zeus you
seem so excited maybe we should get you
a 10,000,000 dog bone like a 10 million
diamond dog bone I know you haven't been
around that long but you still part of
the family dude I'm on your team I'm on
your side flash so chill we are actually
about to head out into little
festivities little Christmas activities
with the fam and the boys you know him
first no much trying to make me honk
although I have a whole aah
alright go get dressed low elf you've
been wearing that for 24 hours everybody
got everything your sanity your brain
your smarts your wits are you even
buckled in oh you're not due mr. rubble
you don't need seatbelt you're above the
law that's not that far but drive
actually I expected to be further are we
dressed appropriately for better hit
Bethlehem
we're gonna go ride a camel we're going
to 12 camels this year no camels a sheep
she is sheep okay for one sheep we're
gonna have to be more than one to say
sheep why do you say sheeps if there's
more than one you do say sheep object
I'm genuinely confused because if you
were going to see duck
you wouldn't set you would say duh
exactly so there must be a word for just
one single Oh crazy monster you may have
some fun it should be cool no you don't
have fun not fun either I would film the
UFO but you know it's like do I really
vlog you off uh you guys think you guys
get through these guards those our own
soldiers did give them the card am I
are you gonna hang out with me you want
me to hold your mother whoa let me see
how much gold you have why would I want
gold
Oh golfy give me that convoy you got to
spend your gold to get candy this is the
candy shop
are you buying some candy that la me
that's la me whoa is it is it just me as
he look like he's about to spit in my
face these chickens we got to go visit
our donkey Empire dude look at the llama
did talk to the llama alright we just
paid a lot of gold for these blocks guys
let's build a full house hurricane here
is it weird how many natural disasters
cane rhymes like like volcano hurricane
like
here's their door it's kind of coming
together guys so good tonight you guys
think you can destroy our house way to
go Rex you guys did it way to go okay so
everybody's making clay pots and doing
festivities Noah and I are designing our
money using the gold coins they gave us
we're gonna make a mold
we've gotta pour make our own money I
don't think it's gonna work did
decisions decisions you can only have 20
each brownie I know the brownies are
good did you guys have fun yeah that was
fun it's something different you know I
had a great time just getting the kids
out doing something different meeting is
such nice people and it was awesome
really good
it's really hot you liked it no you guys
got headbands and and Christmas
ornaments and anything just to be around
family and to be together is okay did
you guys eat the play buttons flash I
could see flash doing that this is like
when I'm crazy like fairy tale idea
dreams that you're like y'all I'm gonna
be a youtuber and it actually happens
like I don't know what to say I will say
this they figured out a way to make them
beautiful I mean they're beautiful with
the gold ones that give you like these
big frames and you just hang them up
these guys there's there's nothing I
mean there's nothing it's just it's just
that I think I want to turn this wall
into our YouTube stuff gold buttons
diamond buttons silver buttons on the
couch and it comes off and cuts the red
open you're worried about their heads I
was worried about the buttons what if
the buttons form great time
cane excellent job on the Christmas tree
dude look at that it is perfect he did a
great job throwing some what's this
garland you grindin you out here
grinding that all being said guys we are
gonna we're gonna call it a night keen
wants to play some video games with me
mommy wants to watch a movie and look at
that face geez we all thank you from the
balm ball we're always blown away by
your crazy amount of support and love
you give to this family this crazy
cuckoo bird family maybe we will see it
tomorrow tell me where the heck I should
put these buttons man I think we should
like put a shelf up or something but
then is it annoying that they're in
every vlog are like if I shut it noise
would that come off it's kind of
annoying that every time I'm vlogging
you guys see those like I don't want to
be like that
I do want to display them but maybe it's
a little annoying like in the face
either way guys I we love you and thank
you for everything man we have nothing
we have none of those we have so little
without you so thank you we'll see you
tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile
you
