today is the day today is the day that
we play it's right there it's sticking
out grab it it's right there pull it
pull it pull it pull it harder harder
I guess cover from here pick them up
know what today is do you know what
today is today's the day it has rained
so much dude this was snow we would be
playing for days like it would be deep
deep snow what is it every inch of snow
is like how many inches of rain I said
that backwards how many inches of rain
equals an inch of snow no aah
an inch of rain equals how much snow
it's like seven inches right an inch of
rain if you get an inch of rain that's
like seven inches of snow or something
like that I could be wrong but it's a
lot so yeah we would have like a ton of
snow anyway got my boys with me we are
headed out today's the day that we put
up the family Christmas tree this is a
big day this is a big day every year you
guys know how I take the tree down
that's been that's been some interesting
moments
me and the boys are running out they got
a couple gift cards that they're gonna
buy me Christmas presents with right I
actually haven't got tags for my GTR
they are expired still so I'm wanting to
do that you guys gonna chill here for
sure for surely on toast you want to
keep the camera sure okay here it's all
yours I don't think you didn't film
anything you're fired
did you throw anything you're fired
I asked him why he said no because Danny
won't see it what that's all right daddy
he'll do it
have you ever spent fifty five dollars
on a sticker I have you have dang right
there goes on my license plate 50 bucks
what a deal right it's expensive to
drive man I can lose this before I even
get it to my car
literally we gotta get this tree up
today but you guys hungry I'm hungry you
want to eat
yeah gotta grab some food real quick
Brittney is buried in smile more she's
been working in the store so I figured
I'd take the kids out we get a couple
things done before we set that tree up
Katie looks like some type of ying yang
with a flower and a half your name
who's this guy Johnny Bravo hey pretty
lady you are so lucky mommy's not here
that is cotton candy on top of your
drink where you can see a little bit you
just shove it down in there yeah I just
poke a straw through it but see why
you know oh there goes
that's why it's called fizz look at it
fizz dude I got ribs steak potatoes mac
and cheese steak that looks so good
chicken pot pie good call
oh my gosh everybody feel better feel
good stuffed I feel like I need Kane's
muscles you know we don't have and we
never have every year a tree or an angel
or something for on top of our Christmas
tree we never have a topper never do you
guys believe in Christmas miracles
because we just got front row parking
that is miracle levels right there yeah
I'm on the curb like I want a car that
talks crap you know like you you turn
off is like now please get the heck out
of me
please shut my door now what are you
four bars
what are you from Mars get your dirty
shoes off of me see we should totally
get this for Britney she get that for
mommy you guys want to get matching
outfits for our tree picture tonight you
want to
okay these are these are mommy's sizes
which one do you want to get her mrs.
Claus or Nutcracker
this is amazing what size of you is that
cool
I think he would be a six I think this
is you okay foot in the car thinking and
squeeze into the eight oh right here oh
it's girls are you rid of this so you
had $25 each they got gift cards and you
got nerf guns you guys probably have
piles of nerf guns and you got more nerf
guns can you ever have enough explained
to me little buddy
I'm always playing with them with the
kids but someone always wants the gun I
want so now you got your own gun I'm
with you dude I don't with you man
nobody nobody's gonna take your gun we
are gonna get home and set up in our
ridiculous outfits our Christmas trees
behind me we made it we made a Zeus oh
my gosh is that the tree
those are huge cane just went straight
in this room to put his costume on his
outfit pajamas how's that to go soup
girl done with work got a shower took a
nap you're set you ready to build this
tree ready to build this tree this is a
project like these are some huge boxes I
got the two best elfs in the business
ready to build this tree Hey Baby you
ready to rock it as you I mean we saw it
and we knew we just couldn't pass it up
honking he picked it there was a mrs.
Claus woman he wanted this one the
peanut cracker
you ready build a tree boy you ready to
go a Christmas tree huh
number 2 remove contents from the box
boxes and set aside a bag of extra
whitespace hinges pins wash I'm not
doing this that is way too much washers
pins bolts did I hear that correctly
let's just go cut stuff out of the
backyard army you wanted a big tree
alright we're shipping NOAA shipping
yourself oh we can ship both you guys in
this box where you guys want to go
Hawaii
Bora Bora Tahiti this is like you can't
leave this you wanna hop in with them I
think he wants you to take the ball with
you on your way to Hawaii yeah all right
man wait wait do a Hawaii simulator and
like shake the box I could get moving
stuff yeah we got it we got to make it
look real right yeah it's ok you guys
have been gone for days now ok you're
hungry I didn't pack no food for you ok
I'll direct this you gotta ask Cain how
he's feeling
wait what do you want long shaking the
box you know I mean yeah you want me to
talk yeah ok being shipped on an
airplane I think how you doing food you
guys need anything do you know some
snacks or something yes she's just
trying to give you his ball the whole
time oh he got it in there here's this
alright we're never gonna build this
tree let's go elf 1 open the tree stand
health to start taking the bubble wrap
these huh you're done eating let's go
let's move let's do this you just woke
up you know it's on the stand the paint
store was a trust that is the biggest
tree stand I've ever seen yeah all right
this is either the wiring diagram or
this is a time machine can you figure
that out is that how we go back in time
is that how we wire the tree okay here's
what I want you to do I'm gonna built
this sucker and you're gonna wire it oh
my gosh where did you find paper well it
was definitely gonna have to come out
from the hall oh man it's so funny right
now okay I think we've all decided it's
just way too big for this spot and it's
huge
okay so here's what we decided this was
way too small not done with the wall but
the size so we bumped the pinball
machine down which states cuz now the
posters blocked and we bought the couch
all the way down I think we got this
nice little hole right here yeah you see
it's gonna make more sense once it's
done but it's gonna be up above that
ceiling fan so we got yeah at the store
we got rainbow lights and we're gonna
put them around Kane's bed
probably okay I have an idea let's
so the lights right
that's for myself yeah
yeah oh so they flicker
that's really cool mine
yeah it's nothing special but we can
okay
sure my lights but they're hanging from
my I don't remember what not trust some
sights something special I want to get
like extension cord so that I can
because there's an outlet behind my bed
so I can hang them up there lights off
been a while
the tree is massive and it's extremely
realistic however it's a fan-out each
one of them little things takes for ever
how long do you think you hour and a
half probably yeah I want 25 minutes
yeah yep yeah you know my mind is still
like every time I look at you guys in
the metal Fitz go out and get the ladder
which has been left outside which means
it's so should be fun it's view it
should be a lot of fun don't slip don't
slip
you're gonna dry it help on the shelf
perfect spot for the ladder to be cut
rained all day Hey Oh come here dude
what are you doing oh my gosh hey
Griswold we're gonna put a tree that big
we got it this let's go buddy come on
come on
this isn't so bad
we're coming in we're all coming in oh
man we almost have room to move in here
I could I could be wrong that's a 12
foot ladder which oh dude I don't know
is this true
it's all wet huh the cameras just not
doing justice to this thing is
ridiculous
your 411 so we're only not even half
left we're through a one-third rush for
this yeah okay just give you guys a
heads up I still got three pieces all
right it's already way above my my reach
look at his ladder if I straighten it
and I'm too far away from the tree I
might bring this whole thing down with
me dude it's so far away
oh try to shove it on there oh you got
it yeah
you guys got to be honest with me is
there a chance is there a chance that we
go tree that's just too darn you so he's
just gonna throw it's beautiful and I'm
not gonna lie the camera doesn't even do
it just is a massive tree it looks I
think it looks good it looks okay but
building it was not fun this was not
like okay we waited all week we was so
excited to have a good family time we're
gonna build this tree well that just
couldn't happen last night Brittany was
sick she just couldn't pull it off so
you even had a nap I was like get a
shower you'll feel good she just crashed
and burned me and the boys knocked it
out I'm not gonna lie this might be our
tree like that's it oh I can't wait to
see you try I know a lot of you guys
have been loving these current-day
endings where you guys get to see what
we're doing in the exact day it's
actually hard harder for me to do this
because it cuts into tomorrow's but we
didn't get to say goodbye last night so
here we are there's our tree I want to
see every single one of your trees tweet
on Instagram however you get them to me
I want to see your guys's Christmas
trees this year and apparently Brittany
wants to hang some bananas and something
on their fruit so I'm sorry oh yeah yeah
I named it show them if you have a fake
tree like we do they sell these um since
make sure whole tree smell like a real
tree it's awesome
this is pretty impressive
if you well I think that we're all aware
of that well I mean you made it felt
like everyone history no I said if you
use of peach oh she's pregnant
oh she's the pregnancies kicking in
people I also want to say this because
this is crazy
Noah was building the tree last night
what did you find in it I found a dirty
band-aid like an old dirty band-aid
what is with me and finding old
band-aids Noah found an old band-aid and
a brand new tree I have found a band-aid
and a cheeseburger for McDonald's when I
was young it's why I know but what why
why I might wipe is kicking in our house
is coming along and that's it it's all
we got
we'll see you tomorrow you're beautiful
send me them tree pics and what else
anything else nothin nothin
time to get my box you guys I'm really
shipping you come on everybody thought
it was a joke but I'm really shipping
you we love you guys thanks for smiling
with us you're beautiful you're one of a
kind smile more
you
