welcome to the vlog guys how are you we
got a little rain last night so Kate yes
check this out come on dudes let's go
let's go he's got it
mine's just flying in the air hmm look
at look at your four-wheeler get your
seat he's finally getting to do some
donuts oh look at me
dude you finally doing doughnuts man
thought we were gonna have to wait till
snowed to do that but we got a little
rain last night how are you guys hope
you're feeling great welcome to the vlog
now you just want more rain huh are you
living the right state for that little
man
I film me see if I can do on a dirt bike
I'm definitely I'm busting my butt
yeah
all right I tried did your quad looks
awesome hope you guys are having an
awesome day man we're kind of getting a
weird start to our vlog Brittany had to
go to the hospital this morning really
early not for her her grandfather had to
have surgery late late last night and we
thought we had to go last night he ended
up sleeping as far as I know the surgery
went well
I'll let Brittany explain all that she
should be home anytime good job that's
what that four-wheeler need is a little
mud action man it looks great
do you want to keep it like that or you
want to wash it you want to clean it
yeah I feel like they should come like
this like a paint job like what you
think this was your ball baby come on
this way
dude this is gonna be freezin look at
this stiff the hoses it's like a it
doesn't even Bend we're gonna let that
stuff cool down before we spray it with
ice water whoa we need snow dude I want
snow and heat up some water the
old-fashioned way I haven't done this
actually ever Brittany got this thing
for her tea for her pregnancy stuff red
and blue baby
which one's you which one you gonna use
um on this one
put this on right and we just wait for
the whistle so here's the other thing I
only have these cups that you would put
in here I mean I guess we could have
just use that right but if I open the
cup I can just pour it straight in right
it's just powder that's all it is
Oh mr. Kalama mr. klimer I'm gonna
getcha knock knock but you up here
hacking the CIA government files we just
want to tell you that we're making not
chocolate and then we love you waiting
for that pot some pork mommy's home oh
yeah
how you feelin how you doing how's
everything going Oh everything good as
good as it can be
yeah
he had a mass like this big in his lower
intestine so they had to take his whole
lower intestines they took it out so
they're testing it for cancer and mmm
okay prayers we are making hot chocolate
which we only have arctic white which is
white chocolate and we have mint
chocolate
why are you boiling water right I
already know I already said that I know
because I'm just gonna open up the cup
and pour it in okay all that thing does
really this boy needs a haircut by the
way
give me my just get the drone I'll do it
I can do the haircut let me get my drone
out Caine sit sit sit sit
guys wanna help me working in store
here's the thing our original plan this
evening was to spend the whole night
building our new Christmas tree which
was supposed to come today but it's not
coming until tomorrow which is a real
bummer
anyway Brittany is backs we're gonna go
out to the store and finish signing if
you watch yesterday's vlog it'll make
sense if you didn't it's gonna make no
sense but we have to sign a ton of boxes
for them to be next day aired to
California today so we gotta go finish
that right now no skipping past the old
box signing day hey baby I know I know I
know
he got me let's get past the boss stuff
you guys seen enough of that signing
things is not really that exciting I
want to do something that up and want to
do for a long time you guys know I love
RC cars RC trucks RC I just love you
guys know I love our season I've been
wanting to do this for a while I want to
see if I can take an RC off the balcony
and successfully landed on the floor we
got to build some kind of take-off ramp
take off I'm gonna take an RC off the
balcony and land it on the wheels down
here I know it's hard to tell on camera
but that's about 200 300 foot tall
that's like
you think I can do it yeah all right I
got the table you got the door we're
about to build a runway dude this can be
our runway I don't know if this is
regulation runway or not it's pretty
frigging high man little short get some
stuff to put under the leg now that's a
launch pad right there my friends this
is got bad written all over I picked one
of my lighter older our C's that have
absolutely been through the wringer this
truck
not only have I beat this truck - this
is one of my this is actually in one of
our first vlogs we ever made we did dog
vs. Arce this still has the GoPro mount
on it I figure what better video and
this right here I think oh yeah we
should put GoPro land did it imagine wow
I'm just driving off this the Focusrite
the truck will actually stay flat and it
really won't be much of a view but if we
nose bomb which is a good a good chance
it happens it'll look cool on camera
let's get a GoPro what are you guys
doing minecraft here's one do this RC
thing this RC truck ramp he's ready
they're gonna break you know what this
thing's been through everything no you
can't say that look this means we're
gonna be fine this was gonna look like
it's stable no it's good that's legit
that's the real thing what do you think
I'm gonna fly all the way over there
normal and rate by that ball I mean I
just bought that lamp that was really
expensive what if you break it twelve
dollars it's not really expensive to do
this for a long time it's so hard home
alone what I can't figure out as if I
should stand up here down there maybe
it's a good idea it's broke you know
it's gonna get you know it's gonna get
broke your attitude when I land this
sucker never would I sign that deal in a
million years
that's an old point and this is
something good and bad how could happen
the only thing that's gonna break even
possible break is the truck there's
nothing good break I mean the whole
living room is broken right now wait if
something in the house breaks oh that's
no problem
okay and if nothing breaks what and you
can drive your house such a baby
my gosh hello it's so loud
you know it's exactly where I hit ya
infinite are sees in the house you
remember the deal you know whatever we
want for life well I did learn how the
GoPro fly uh no they were golden we are
golden you can't break that beast did
what did I tell you yeah I mean I don't
know if I said on camera but I said I
hit the corner of that couch
hang on say it again not about landing
on the wheels that the truck is still
going what should we do with the truck
next I'll give you a head start
three two
he throws his roadblock he's gonna get
away we go round two
McCain survived the slow-motion RC
attack here he goes he sees it coming
he's running for his life it's really
onion loss too stupid or see that we are
gonna in this vlog we got to say go bye
thank you for hanging out with us hey I
got a funny story so today I tweeted out
somebody called Guinness World Records
I've uploaded for vlogs in a row with
like a smiley face Guinness World
Records responded
it just says a true man that would keep
going Roman with a smiley face with the
link to Charles record jokes on them
because I tweeted that at for vlogs but
now we're at five thank you guys for
being here thanks for hanging out thanks
for making this just all fun thanks for
making it fun is that house on what why
are you so ornery tonight why do you
have energy I'm not I don't know
you just had ice cream you just had
chocolate ice cream that's why your
sovereign oh my gosh
how do I get it boss we will see you
tomorrow
smile more
you
