welcome to the vlog guys welcome to our
house here in Ohio it is gray it is cold
what you want go outside if you want
yesterday's vlog and you watch to the
very end I actually ended yesterday's
vlog today this morning and I wasn't
feeling that good so I kind of laid
around I kind of postponed filming too
now so that's we're at welcome to the
vlog hope you guys are feeling great and
that you're not sick trying to push it
off brush it off and just say nope I'm
not sick I'm vlogging let's have some
fun one of our sleeping bags flash aside
to pee on great work flash really good
work buddy
yeah wag your tail you did good good boy
you want me to put a collar on me
it feels great on my sore throat we got
this cool thing today I don't know if
it's cool I've never seen it I've never
I just saw it in a bottle you got it see
this is gonna be cool dude you know just
gonna want to eat it what if Zeus eats
it he might that's an awesome is this
the charger yeah gosh it is is it let it
charge what is this brush it's a little
brushy
hey what you working on I need your help
I need your help
you so much you're ganging up on me to
pursue now what's up dogs what sometimes
bring it bring it
you trying to steal my hat dude you're a
thief
you knew fleshes I figured it out flash
 I know who this dog is look at him
flash you guys ever heard the story of
the three little pigs I'll huff and I'll
puff and I'll blow your house down
that's flash he's the big bad wolf uh-oh
he's got you now he's good you take out
monkey hold on hold on King hold it you
got it
Oh Oh boss is getting a better grip
don't trust him he's just getting a
better grip go get one more Cup very
very laid-back day britney is working of
course today for us it is Cyber Monday
so the smile more score is absolutely
insane busy we have a massive crew all
week working two shifts day and night to
make sure everybody gets their orders as
fast as possible
snowballs you go just never eat the
yellow snow
that's dog pee mmm
so yeah I haven't felt that great today
I don't know what we have came I haven't
felt that great in the small more stores
slam so Britt has been living out there
since this morning
not much just not a whole lot more on to
the apple juice apple juice apple juice
apple juice
I'm on smoothie no yeah it'll just turn
it into another Smitty hey let's just
talking about you
how's it how's it out there really crazy
and it's it's facing a lot of girls were
probably thinking you guys for keeping
them so busy they have jobs just because
of you so that's a huge thumbs up the
stores Rock and stocked and ready how
many things are we out of already a lot
yeah I saw a lot of tweets like they
come in they came in today so I added
them ahead of time so we're just giving
all I actually just started the blog I
mean I was like coming back to blogging
I'm ready and then I'm like don't feel
good I must get them you have to come
one day even if it's just us at home
doing nothing I'm gonna film whoa that's
a good idea
snow did you hear they mean this morning
yeah you sound like a horse I literally
thought I was like hacking up a lung yes
bad hold this I'm asleep this thing I
don't know what to do it's so easily to
break it says it's not and it looks so
weird it's sitting on an egg and that's
the charger okay so it's this first of
all you guys know I love our season when
I saw this little birdie oh look I gotta
order this thing that looks so breakable
every everything I've put the blinds you
guys think sponsored this is not this is
just a toy that I found and I
thought was unique and I had to try it
anyway
you know you know I really bought it
like if it works well the dogs are gonna
go nuts and I was like but let's test it
before the dog okay what would you do if
we went straight into the wall like
through the drywall zip right into the
wall hey animal whoa blurry awesome did
you see it yeah I don't know what to do
just like all of it not pointing at me I
don't know where to start maybe put it
on the chair
are you let go of it oh I think that's
my fault
do you think it was your fault it's like
a little bad okay I killed it that was
me that was me
oh it mikage it looks like a back it
looks amazing
do you remember when I could wait prank
with this do you remember when we had it
back in our own head yeah okay so I'm
sitting on the couch we had like
curtains like this behind the couch and
I was like what is the brown thing it
was a bat for tea oh my gosh dogs are
gonna destroy that what the dog is kind
of expensive actually it's so realistic
with that oh you should scare the girls
with it tonight in the store or just
walk out of you have to yeah okay oh
wait maybe preserve it on cruise control
oh my gosh that is so creepy around your
head are you gonna hit me
I need your better than daddy what's in
there what is in there this sucks guys
this really sucks bad timing um I tried
to fight it all day I tried to fight it
all day I tried to just tell myself I'm
not getting sick it's not gonna happen
I'm gonna push through it but I feel
like death you know when you get like
sort of touch-sensitive cold chills sore
throat that's me right now I honestly
told myself like it's all in my head man
it's all good Sam I just got to be 100%
with you guys like this is exactly the
day where I just I wouldn't upload like
I just wouldn't upload a vlog like
you're sick you don't feel good you're
like I don't want to even spread that
energy on my view like you guys I don't
want I want you to always be surrounded
by positivity and things you watch are
positive so you feel better I feel like
what I'm sick and you guys know I just
sick a lot like I'm out all my family
members I'm the one that's always sick
like I eat unhealthy I just I go too
hard like I just never stop some ways
sick I feel like that being said I just
took two days off a few days
and I said if I take today off they're
gonna burn a channel down no but I look
I love you guys man I know you're here
either way and it means the world to me
but truly I just feel like dumped like
trash can like I just I feel terrible
anyway guys I hope you're feeling good I
don't want any sympathy I don't want to
hope you feel better it's like I will I
will feel better and it's just it'll be
a quick thing hopefully you can hear it
in my head I'm like you know when you
talk and it's like monthly I love you
guys and just so you know this is the
vlog that I wouldn't have uploaded like
this was the I'm just gonna I'm just
gonna wait till tomorrow you know
quality over quantity but you guys have
been so amazing to me that this is just
a real moment so I love you I will see
you tomorrow you were beautiful you are
one of a kind smile more
you
