hey guys welcome to Brittany and eyes
official this is like this is our
honeymoon we are on our honeymoon and
it's crazy because we I did film coming
here but I never I never said hello err
or introduced what we were doing I just
started filming so it's it's kind of a
travel thing anyways I the best place to
start is it's just the beginning I just
want to say hello before that started
we're here and it's just unbelievable
thank you so much for yeah I should say
that this is a super like mental and
physical reset this place is is gorgeous
let's get here first so let's start the
beginning thank you for your love and
support on our family and just
supporting us through this once again a
break again so that we could do this I
love you guys thanks for all the support
and everything let's jump on that intro
okay super tough decision we can take a
cab which takes about one hour to get to
our resort or there's a helicopter that
takes six minutes to get to the resort
guys we are in our room right now and
I'm a true okay so there's um a guy that
gave us a tour of the room and kind of
explained everything to us and I'm just
like well I'm speechless here like we've
really outdone ourselves on this one and
I want to give you a quick tour this
room too because I want to remember this
forever
as well on this video so here we go I
obviously just come through the front
door it's any other front door and then
you walk in and hopefully we don't need
this and it's a big open floor and the
view is ridiculous dude we got our own
pool there's no walls it's wide open
this is art that's art it's not a window
this is our room and it just goes right
out there are no curtains there are no
blinds that's it how insane babe like
I'm I'm look our bed is like you're just
out like we have birds living with us
like we got this amazing pool look at
this pool it just pours right off the
edge shown the time okay Brittany and I
were both like I hope there's doors on
that bathroom that's long sign and there
isn't this is our bathroom okay yeah but
like a little wall a little wall so
check it out first of all this is super
dope because you take a nice relaxing
romantic remember this is a honeymoon
like this is together ten years we're
married and we're on a
once-in-a-lifetime honeymoon this is so
special to us to see things like this
first of all is it real to me it feels
fake it feels like I'm dreaming I'm
gonna wake up be like June I went to
this place and it was mind-blowing so we
got our tub with candles and super
romantic isn't her sink whatever my
throne look literally poop outside
basically actually I feel like the
toilets the most private spot like you
have little plants walking in the shower
look I mean you just shower forget this
you literally just stand here and shower
it doesn't feel it feels pretty
comfortable honestly I don't feel like
anybody's in the woods with the
telescope right there so we've made it
and I am freaking mother like I teared
up when we but he's showing me this
plate burning did too and we just can't
believe that we're here like
we've done this like I don't even know I
don't even know how to explain it I
don't know how to explain it but uh yeah
I had to do a little throw the room
because it's just a special to us and
it's so beautiful it is on another level
comfort beauty and it's kind of weird
like I'm used to like you'd put a/c on
if you were hot right there's no a/c
like you got some fans you got a fan in
our bed which is genius
that's Jesus it's our honeymoon film
here
look at that um so we're just kind of
taking it in apparently you can climb
this mountain right here too how cool is
this guys how cool is this
like literally crazy you won't break
just pull in let's go let's go I'm
pretty Airport I'm airport 'add right
now so I need to any cool off trunks on
Oh baby let's go no diving the sign says
it over there no I totally thought
you're in a ballet snack see it's way
deeper than you thought I love you so
much wait are you saying oh really
you're not on your knees that is super
deep view is so incredible you guys been
on this channel a long time we've never
had a pool in our living room I've never
had bed in our living room either it's
it's I love the open play hey Brett
how's the toilet she's taking advantage
of I'm in the pool so she has a moment I
can't stop it's gonna take me a week
just to get used to this view and you
probably wall so cameras off I'm not
even filming what's going on up here
at all what do you see out there
there's quite fish down there is it
let's go check this place out that's a
venture a little bit
no it's hey guys welcome
um I shouldn't say well I feel like I'm
starting a new vlog we are eventually I
mean it's on borrow
it's on borrowed time this looks like it
used to be something old feel like I'm
in video game look at this place
Wow not like like a place you'd like
wore out in a videogame or adventure and
some Laura Croft stuff I don't know if
this um we're on the very top this is
the restaurant right here on top of us
and then there's there's more rooms like
ours right there nuts dude okay so what
do you do on a honeymoon it's it's I
mean besides the obvious like what do
you do it's oh there are koi there are
koi fish I mean I feel like we have like
I'll show you guys later we have like
this entire booklet a free literally
everything you can think of on this
island free uh scuba diving
mountain biking uh everything you can
think of boating sunset cruise
everything and and we're like we do all
that on a minute who do we really just
disappear and relax for a moment you
know I don't know my addiction is to do
everything possible but it's like do we
just go lay on the beach do we just go
sit by the pool do we just shut down for
a moment
I don't know only time will tell we just
really got here it's we just woke up
here today it's day two technically and
I don't know we're gonna go find the
beach we're gonna go find the beach
we're up on a mountain yeah way this
it's beautiful breathtaking what we're
gonna try to find the beach we love the
beach palm trees unreal sunshine oh it's
so pretty
it's like this is crazy dude look how
high up we are
it's not even like us not to say fall on
a beach oh she's almost done you sleep
in good state on the beach like you
could always stay on a beach but this
time we just I don't know we went way
outside of our own or like imagine
coming to work everyday here like how do
you even get up here oh oh I see you
little buddy I see you low man well
there is like steps in the middle of the
road that's cool look at this so forgive
me I'm Way like over like I'm I feel
like I'm over-exaggerating
raining how beautiful this is but I I
just can't stop like look like look at
the land we're in this is straight a
genius just put this sucker in the side
of a mountain it's you know somebody
like laughed at him when he said this
was his idea right a resort and a side
of that mountain it's like straight
jungle rainforest we made it baby we
made it look at this mmm yeah coming up
start part we've made it to the view -
everybody says welcome to paradise here
and it's truly I mean it's
I told Britt I was like I was like I
feel like he died this would be like
heavens waiting room right here this is
like please hold spend a little time
here before we're ready yeah it's like
almost but it's like it's like and on
camera on camera it looks like just
regular but it's like got black all in
it okay another huge reason we came here
there's only 29 rooms at this resort so
you kind of have a beach to yourself
there's a couple people here and there
but it's super private a super spot to
disappear for us which is huge and it's
adults only so not a lot of fan
interaction it's very poor it's really a
honeymoon and it really feel freaking
amazing but on the entertainment side of
things like on the entertaining gets
entertaining and entertain I don't know
it's like it's like I think we're just
gonna film our memories on the strip
because this is like I don't know how
crazy it's gonna be you know right now
it's like bath water the water so warm
chat Caribbean water how's it feel baby
very natural it is uh the water is so
warm
dude it's totally the truth the hills
it doesn't look crystal clear because
the sun's not beating down on it but it
is come on come on free on the beach
I'll pee on it can't meet the Caribbean
and the Caribbean which one is it
Caribbean or Caribbean Pirates of the
Caribbean or parts of the Caribbean ok
so you got this flag you stick in the
sand that means that we want or whatever
yeah don't let it fall over looks like a
fall baby what do you want are you
hungry
ok we are we're gonna jump onto a boat
like we want to get out on a boat see
this leg huh
all that huge room
privacy please
camera barely got it we just finished
the most phenomenal dinner of all time
live music it's just incredible there
they lit the candles holy holy romantic
are you serious are this flowers
chocolates dude that is awesome
you had him do that oh thank you yeah I
was actually like its really wish told
me to go potty but they filled our table
with like rose petals and I smells
amazing amazing I really do have to go
potty though leave me to my throne
private private show Oh its ups freaking
out sorry you say Kervin maybe you can
help us explain like what we're doing
today because we don't really know
history it's taking a quite the wall get
down this path actually it's like you're
gonna do like I said mission stuff
solution stuff yeah my bath meaning is
there like hot springs
it's a mystery mystery trip today we're
getting oh it's 60 is that Celsius okay
then it's hot it's hot okay so we're
getting mud baths getting covered in mud
thoughtful my soul firma make me look
younger
basically I said tough to it is like
actually gets all the impurities out in
your skin so it's no extras you me okay
volcanic mud oh boy does it stink
actually good for if you got like as one
stuff we're not to the smell oh good for
that oh wow it smells like fireworks
it's awfully this some thick jungle in
here water snakes it's like you don't
find them around super because I'm
actually what we do it oh then I like
sulfur yeah actually can see we dismiss
it smelling sulfur all there they're
gonna stop the self to this so they
don't come here is there monkeys in the
jungle no means no monkeys they're
missing out here yeah this is the spot
all these vines Mac we swing it all over
this place
anybody that was there we live life on
the edge you guys yeah life on the edge
and literally that's how we do our
eyelids actually develop coastal if I we
say we live Drive
wow that is so friggin pretty this town
down here what's this town fall down
here is actually called soufflé meaning
where we're going
meaning sulfur in the air oh yeah that's
what it means affair yeah actually the
first town to be establishes know what
happened like in about the 16th century
color that's where the French came to
Sarah
and what a rough place to come upon you
know okay we've arrived
it's show you ready
zoom in ice this is mud muddy water oh
there we go is hot
it's just naturally hot water just like
a hot spring the water is naturally
super hot like sulphur does smell like
fireworks or like a stink bomb basically
yes all right we gotta get all wet 10
years younger
here I come here every day my software
better yo this is crazy
it's mud it's awesome we just smell like
fireworks all day I'm so proud of you
for doing this by the way I did not
think you'd do this it's cool
she wants much younger Rob on gently oh
good let it get to your eyes though okay
so now we rinse off there's mud in my
lens important question is do I look
young okay we're taking a small
adventure now because the below us under
this bridge is where we just were in
that mud you can see it all down here
and now we're gonna walk up and see
where all this muds coming from look at
this look at this it's all smoking that
water is so hot it's like a very hot hot
tub like you've ever sat in a hot tub it
feels like that and now this is crazy
this is actually crazy you ever seen
Lance smoking as an angry volcano man
look at that we're gonna just spewing
this stuff scalding hot runs all the way
down into that little ravine Wow
so our driver just came up he said as we
were hiking up he said enjoy the
romantic walk and the smell and he like
this it was like a different planet like
them gases are blowing out from the
earth dude underneath it's healthy dude
that spot over there looks angry you
know that is that's that's Earth's part
like you're smelling Earth farting
that's what that smell is that's wrong
this is a volcano
oh it's the aftermath yeah this is more
like a collapsed crater a collapse
crater the spewing from the Earth's
bowels since after the last eruption
alright let me try to show you how hot
this is look at this look at that boilie
hot liquid mud sulfur that baby's hot
hot trivia question how can something so
destructive build places that are so
beautiful island life is so beautiful
it's just created by pure first
destruction phase you think about you
know some point this place was just the
end of the world and then it just
created this paradise hey Katie Katie
Katie what's up oh look at this go oh no
you had to drive by here Danny man here
we go donkey what's up dude
okay we're in this beautiful garden like
the craziest jungle II garden I've ever
seen in my life I think it's like
coconut husks make their their beds look
at that place is beautiful
all the waters still gray huh whoa I've
never seen gray water in my life look at
this flower man look at this look at
this what it's like a movie scene here
like some weird dr. Seuss film so you
gotta let grey waters come pouring down
off this mountainside look at that that
is so pretty
we get great up again cool okay so this
is so all the water that you just seen
in that stream coming off that waterfall
goes through a filter and fills these
tubs so you said you just plug all and
open the drain and you take a bath
already plugged on a wall easy enough
all right and then you just open it
how's your little back time is
unbelievably it's natural it's like just
coming right out of the ground
oh you're back oh yeah I saw that bubble
anyways are bubbles coming out of your
pants it's that hot minimum about to
complete that was awesome hot like I
keep saying that but it's another level
pops like your bathtub isn't that hot
it's crazy took me a while to get in it
and now I'm like just all right like it
feels I'm so refreshing that I don't
know I get it on a little lock here
we're locked in
it's like a sauce on maybe starting that
little bath that little bath we're in is
inside this little building it's so cool
it's so dope you know where chocolate
comes from it's inside this little guy
rolling right off the side of that tree
look at him
I want to make chocolate now I want to
try to make my own chocolate Romans
chocolate oh he can't get out Brit I bet
I can get him out with a with a hot here
hold this yeah so there's a big rat you
can't touch me stuff in the fountain
look at him he's so cute man
come here buddy I'm gonna get you out
and get you out climb up you got to
climb up come on buddy
don't bite me I'm trying to save you
come on come on come on come on there he
goes he's free he's free don't go back
in don't be dumb all right we saved him
the roads are so narrow that if
somebody's coming down you have to back
out all right
what an interesting adventure I'll never
ever I think I could walk this path 1
million times and never get sick of it
it is unreal
just doesn't make sense to me ok so they
surprised us like every day whoa that's
cool that is awesome
super how do you make that we should
learn we should take towel animal
lessons they're swans so as you probably
already noticed we have bit well it may
not make sense but we have barely filmed
our honeymoon guys I mean this room is
truly setup to do nothing like it's it's
half outside half inside so you really
never you don't feel like you're you're
trapped in your hotel room it's like
you're annoying me call it hotel room
they call it a sanctuary and it really
is a place to go to disappear like we
have we have went like days without
filming anything here so I can't lie
like we have barely filmed and like
today we wanted to obviously get out for
a bit so we did two days before this
week did nothing we ate we relaxed we
swam we slept we have had we've done a
lot of fun photo shoots but we have like
truly disappeared mentally physically as
just been amazing like amazing so I I
just can't express how wonderful it has
been off camera has been wonderful so
we're filming what we film what would
really just like let's just live a
little and enjoy it together off record
so that's really cool it's a different
it's a different life for used to
filming everything so much so Lee
we're not used to being kid lists so I'm
going in hello buddies look at this man
it's hard to believe Ohio even exists
when you're in places like this like how
do you just end up in weirdest the
weirdest places man beautiful so we're
gonna wash up grab a shower after we
swim we're going to I desperately want
to rent some snorkel gear and do some
snorkeling so maybe we hit the reef or
something
Brent might lay out and yeah that's
pretty much been our schedule it's just
like not doing much so thanks for being
here guys so much
checking my just - mr. Krabs - its mr.
Krabs you got any money give me give him
a dollar come a dollar all right guys
you know that I love the ocean I love
being in it and I don't think I've ever
done a trip to the ocean where I don't
go under that water and do a little
filming so right now I've rented snorkel
gear which is crazy because I have like
my own my stuff like you know like you
find a mat and when you do it a lot you
find stuff you love it's long story but
I didn't bring it anyway it's gonna be
great it's diving this absolutely
beautiful water hopefully I can show you
just how clear this water is and see
some cool fish
as usual the ocean
absolutely I'm not gonna lie like
usually you'd have to go to like a
snorkel place to see stuff like that but
it's like right out literally right off
the beach of the resort which is crazy
to have that kind of stuff and the
rental gear was awesome it's great best
trick ever is like and that guy's
literally is our honeymoon currently
right this moment we our bags have
already been taken to the airport we we
spin in its prior to telling us what we
spent an entire seven days here that was
seven days and what we film is really
what we did the first three days I think
we just said like photo shoot sunlight
around us today we literally didn't like
we left to eat and stuff but we didn't
do anything we laid and did nothing
which was like I never thought like
mentally and physically I could feel
this reset like I'm ready to go home and
grind but like I didn't realize it's
like so so neat it is wonderful first
though well you have to take a honeymoon
we all might this trip this trip was
booked like two weeks before we actually
came here we didn't know what we wanted
to do or if we would even do anything
cuz we did we got married in Hawaii to
really like that's already our trip but
coming here I realize just how insane
just this is like this is wonderful like
truly you guys know we like to do
everything entertaining for you crazy I
like to do fun things this trip was like
really not about that it was about us
disappearing and we got to do that like
it's so so wonderful so thank you so
much for allowing us to do that and
coming along with us especially if
you're watching now like your you've
been with us a long time
we can never thank you guys enough for
that your love and support
watching with your family sharing with
your friends that's that's awesome so
yeah we're literally about to it's crazy
they take our bed takes so long to get
to the airport from here they take our
bags early cuz it doesn't fit on a
helicopter and we literally have like a
little battery and I put our suitcase
when we get to the airport when we meet
up with them yeah we're like about to
leave here so we'll see you guys back
yeah we jump in the pool do something
yeah kiss my house
donkey I miss donkey splashy yeah so
next time we see you guys will be at our
home in Ohio we're super excited and
yeah we'll see you guys then thank you
again
so so much we love you guys thank you
for everything you are beautiful you're
one of a kind
