hey guys welcome to the vlog welcome
back to the vlog if you watch normally
we are up to date let me show you what
we're doing today today we put you on
this tripod real quick oh gee
today is a cooking episode that's right
I wasn't paying attention I was getting
my camera I don't know I don't know dude
this stuff's a little rough be cooking
that bacon getting it all sizzling yeah
yes sausage look at that now that hope
you were having an awesome day guys no
I'm not doing a cooking episode I
wouldn't even know how to do a cooking
episode anyways I'm actually just
cooking breakfast for the family hope
you guys are having a great day let's
get this blog started hey this is pretty
much Keane all morning hey dude Cain
Cain planet Earth is calling earth
decane are you working
good talk buddy it's always good talking
to you breakfast is ready
oh you got to come down and see this
daddy's specialty all right it's a
little bit of buffet style eggs bacon
toast sausage that for your cane I can
never tell I'm always confused sleep
good
yeah take it out certainly small more
breakfast cheese is it good
sausage and syrup it's almost swimming
in it Bob yeah oh you can't get your
bottle open little boy you need help get
your bottle I make a delicious breakfast
and you eat dog poop
those are perón's and why are you eating
perón's though it's like number like two
or three the best things you can eat why
Brendan thank you guys for hanging out
with us we took two days off both for
just family the first day was just
Thanksgiving and we literally did not
pull out the camera even once we just we
disappeared in the family life and I
kind of felt bad for two reasons one you
guys didn't get a vlog with to kind of
the important memories kind of the
things that I want to capture and I just
did it and I just couldn't I couldn't I
couldn't
you're not thankful no more
Thanksgivings over nothing for no more I
know you got Halloween pumpkins
Thanksgiving pillows we're gonna have
some fun today we are back I am I'm
always family first of some days guys we
truly we just need it and there's
nothing else I can escape I can't make
any excuses we just need it sometimes so
thanks for sticking around here like
this I wish
the flasher Otzi were you doing out
there boy
flash bubble wrap bubble wrap give me
that bubble wrap
Britney thought it'd be a good idea to
buy all this junk I'm bringing it back
out to the store it does not belong in
the house it's a bad influence
I don't want it it now belongs to the
small more employees today Saturday
Cyber Monday
Cyber Monday is coming up by actually
about time you're watching this it's
probably Sunday which means tomorrow
Cyber Monday what's the deal Cyber
Monday what's the deal what's the sale
what's the six six percent seven eight
give me nine can I get a ten twenty
twenty percent off everything horde or
twenty percent off
cyber monday listen to me
you better put that code in or you're
not gonna get it the reason she's saying
it like that is because when we do give
you guys discount codes you cannot
believe how many people place their
orders and don't even use the code I
don't know if you're not using the code
because you just don't want to use the
code or you just forgotten it I don't
know why please use the code it is right
here somewhere around here and that is
gonna go 24 hours all of Monday so all
of Monday 20% off your entire small work
purchase our letters need clean maybe
I'd be a good job for now you can clean
the letters did to clean my letters no
uh I can't see my letters man Circle the
camera see the heel you see the heel
give me five give me five little man
will be back give me 500 that's gettin
heavy huh up let's do it okay we'll be
right back okay we're gonna have some
fun no one are gonna go out and get some
things to do actually I didn't even come
up with this idea Brittany came up with
this idea to actually camp inside I
thought this would be something cool
that everybody can do as a family and
you know it does it doesn't take much
now we're probably gonna do more of an
extreme version of it but you could do
this with any like we could make a tent
out of blankets dude technically we
could just like do it that way but you
guys know
we're probably gonna do it the most
extreme version of it that we can today
Jupiter I'm sure a lot of you guys are
wondering and about to ask me Roman it's
the weekend you promised us I told you
guys that when the prank channel the old
dusty old channel that I haven't touched
for eight months when it hit 10 million
I told you guys I would dust it off
actually you dusted it off I'm gonna
make a new video I had a few days to
think about it and I think I have come
up with the absolute greatest thing that
I can do for the time given I told you
guys that if it hit 10 million I would
pull a prank this weekend it is Saturday
tomorrow Sunday I am filming that prank
but it is very very classic it is back
to the roots it is a man on the street
it is just me a wireless mic a special
guest and that's it and we're gonna have
a lot of fun with it and I just can't
wait to just do it like I'm really
excited about it and that's happening
tomorrow so I will stick to my promise I
told you I would film a new prank this
weekend and I'm gonna make it on Sunday
tomorrow today if you're watching this
one I uploaded it and then I'll upload
the prank as soon as I added it which
will probably be you know Tuesday
Wednesday maybe even Monday maybe I'll
put it up Monday you guys did your part
it's time for me to do mine and it was
very motivating so thank you guys for
that and it should be fun it's gonna be
a lot of fun we're headed in town
meeting Noah and we're gonna get some
things in da continued this blog
welcome welcome my friend they probably
made me hear the music just sounds like
I'm crazy so this summer we did some
camping actually in our own backyard
tonight we're gonna do some camping it's
cold out look you could camp tonight you
could like we bond a lot you could do it
but tonight we're gonna do in the
comfort of our living room mosquito net
not gonna need that let's try to keep
Kane out all of these bags with the oh
jeez so if you're not a fan of Christmas
music or country music if you come here
they have both this is country turning
to Christmas music dude the best
sleeping bags they're gonna need
flashlights and batteries if we do no
electric right no no a minute you guys
Matt no nothing that requires plugs
better get a lantern dude I think we're
good I mean we don't need much like
we're in our house right are you
comfortable we have everything we need
and put in more we have a white for our
tent
that's a mosh you have to have that yeah
way to make it as dark as we can in
there no electric I can hit the breaker
on the house we can do a no electric oh
really really fun fake fire big fire I
know we were talking about having a
living room fire like something that we
could but I wanted actually got to cook
on it but you know if you like anything
as smoke alarms are gonna go right off
maybe no no she got my little burners
who's ready to go camping who's ready to
go camping what's up dudes
I know flash you want to speak English
so bad what are you drawing is that us
who's that Kane is not messing around
dude we had to get another tent because
the actual tent we bought for the summer
I don't think will fit
in our house so this is a little tent
it's a four person tent which is perfect
I don't think Britt's gonna be sleeping
in the tent are you know hey thought
you're gonna help me boy huh you guys
know starting a fire indoors is a lot
different than outdoors because you just
push the button it comes off get some
propane marshmallows in there don't
think it's gonna rain well hey did you
buy a poncho three bucks or something
all right look okay this is a this is a
smallest tent we could find and it's way
too big fella are you sure this this is
way bigger all right let's pull it over
here
or is this all started we were trying to
think of things that we could do in the
vlogs that inspire family activities and
Britney was like what if we camp indoors
and I instantly fell in love with that
idea so here we are camping indoors so I
want to see your campsite I want to see
your indoor campsites it doesn't have to
be extreme this is literally just a tent
65 bucks for this tent or something like
that and I think some of the coolest
campsites could be made out of blankets
sheets you don't even need it all right
that's pretty cool huh guys you fill it
with pillows and blankets oh we got the
goody bag
we got the goody bag leave this it's a
little light bulb I'm gonna open that up
for me yeah it's not me oh we got a
lantern a lantern cane I got something
might interest you and every survivalist
needs it to half pound ricci Cubs we
couldn't believe our eyes dude we got
LED lighting in our house right now LEDs
see you gotta came you know how this
movie count biggie is like picking up
them bear you know I just get it do away
with our home electric and just hang
it's one of them ceiling
what you trying to do bud touch it did
you make smoothies well I started to rot
now Wow
that's awesome I love that I bet it's
really bright turn the lights off looks
like you have a fish tank in your tent
yeah you guys know in the past that
Brittany makes her own popsicles and
that is basically making raw smoothies
with fruits and vegetables and spinach
and then she freezes them into these
little popsicle trays they come in all
shapes and sizes but these ones are
pretty creative they're little light
sabers and they they actually blow leave
that they actually I mean it's not
really gonna glow that dirt purple yeah
but if you were doing like frozen water
with flavor flavor pops you know yeah
but they would look they would glow more
yeah y'all set every campsite needs some
camping chairs are you guys excited I
don't know every time we look at his
pants it's like a little troublemaker
how about we go all our pillows all our
blankets all our sleeping supplies we
should do our thumbnail for indoor
campout should be like site right for a
thong that would be good right I want to
inspire families all over the world to
camp inside this winter with their loved
ones
I know what we need you know every
campsite needs a dirt bite huh this
takes six batteries give it just
doublea's I put my coat on just go
straight to the door you won't go out
get your ball good boy
my mom
what are you doing really got it so I
just went around the yard no it does
have dog poop on it this is mud it's
just it's just don't you have a smaller
one yeah well this one was clean and
I've been around the yard to warm it up
cause it's freezing so you thought you'd
bring it inside so it could get learn I
want to do like a maybe like an
Instagram picture you know like like our
indoor campout this looks like something
you'd have it no all right this is our
indoor campsite right here man and Caine
is just I never seen you get cozy so
fast you love it don't you
mommy's in no with you that just sounds
great
can't no was ready for the rain
oh my gosh I'm living with an animal be
careful
oh we need lots of pillows and blankets
dude this is called for comfort we go
guys jackpot this one yours alright you
go well ours Casey son when he hit 1
million
bombs away
alright first opposed Mike it's worse
Cain you know our Cain is Zeus where's
Kane go get Cain where is he good boy
lastly I'll find him
now eat him and I'll huff and puff and
blow his house down I think for the flow
of things the tenet actually feel more
comfortable back in this little dark
hole yeah let's try to see if it'll fit
good job Cain good job you're moving the
whole tent
I mean it's used but it's perfect
well you know it's our exact like
dimensions of the house I mean if the
couch was it there you'd have more space
but you just get rid of couch though
outside hmm oh man you look so comfy
we're getting all set up pillows
blankets sleeping bags flash
whoa Keane's looking really good right
now too powerful or no that's it
victory is yours oh sure you tomorrow
boy we have played a bunch of games and
we're gonna put I know we said that we
were gonna try to go without electronics
but we're gonna watch The Grinch a
Christmas movie which I have still today
never seen I have never seen it you
think you have there's probably a chance
that I have seen it too I just don't
remember have you seen the Grinch are
you sure this is where we're gonna end
our blog we're gonna lay back watch your
movie hang out these dogs coming in to
take our for thank you for hanging out
with us today we are back to the vlogs
these dogs are going crazy in our tent
oh yeah face it we will see you guys
tomorrow
thanks for all the support the love for
sticking around while we take a couple
days off and thank you oh you're done
now he he's onto your game I want to see
your guys's indoor campout pictures send
them to me I love you your beautiful
smile more Oh
TKO knockout ten ten ten ten what's our
here
