well well Wow what you guys think should
I do it yeah for sure yeah
can you think I should do it you guys
say saw totally up to you all right yeah
yeah sure why not I'll go get the truck
I gotta go get the truck
what's up guys I'm welcome to the vlog
we're just getting our day started the
kids are playing the Bobcat the battery
is dead I must have left it on are you
coming with me are you coming now stay
outside
I'll be right back no no no still side
welcome to the wall guys what am I
looking truck keys truck the Bobcat
that's what I got to do what's done with
the shower girl maybe the girl have a
dropkick
okay the vlog streak continues guys we
have a really good dumb bad idea right
now oh geez
gotta use the truck to jumpstart this
bug guy oh my god can you imagine
working on that it's a spaceship buzz
you get them cables drop the answer
human verse Doge never gonna happen
flesh is so fast
oh hey here we go here we go oh
that's pretty dumb right
whoa oh my gosh it's gotta be real with
you guys I'm getting to the age where
when I do things I actually risk hurting
myself like that's nothing for a six
like for me young kid I could do that
all day I just jumped the way I landed
my neck was like I feel fine but I
definitely felt it is now we're gonna do
it I think so you ready the plastic
balls are harder than they look little
bucket ride what you think dude you're
up on top of the world man hang out your
spine just it's your tower your
watchtower all right let Noah jumper
then I'll take you down okay
that's awesome dude you're thinking
about it aren't you I can see it in your
eyes
so much fun such a stress reliever just
jumping on a bike and just ride I love
it it's great feeling couldn't be bigger
ramps up for sure dog house looks all
ready to go I thought you were gonna rat
me out
it is cleanup time shower time gonna get
ready Brittany's making a cake for Jess
you guys know we celebrated her birthday
on a couple days ago we're actually
gonna go over tonight and celebrate with
the family and kids and yeah so we get
ready the power of soap and water
whose mom hey guys I went in and grabbed
Romans camera while he's in the shower
canes making something for daddy right
yeah he was he started to make a puzzle
and then I am making a cake for Jess
it's her birthday we're gonna go over
new presents for her and cake ice cream
there's the cake chocolate is her
favorite so I have to do chocolate okay
so I have this card for her super cute
it's got a little cake and then like a
it's got like a really cool
three-dimensional cake Oh still gooey
you know I think the bottom of our oven
needs cleaned Oh cake is still gooey
it's not done can i film you in your
towel now this is what you did
hey guys not with me this is what you
look like my mom
don't look don't look Momo it'll hurt
your eyes I guess so hi mama
Sam sit flash you get down sit shake I
shake it's sit shake he's almost got it
sit chick-chick good boy that's a good
boy
all right animal shoes on nice boots
baby to the sky is amazing
look at that sky dude
climb on into the spaceship mommy's got
the magic button and you push your
button it starts up push it we did the
same exact thing here's this way scarier
though yesterday I challenged you guys
and I'm gonna lose yet another bet - you
guys I told you guys if you got the
prank channel 210 million today that
this week and I would go out and pull a
new prank well I didn't think you'd
actually do it today we're gonna do it
today literally in like three hours look
what what the perfect time to do it then
on Black Friday right it's not Black
Friday yeah but I mean you can do a
pretty call like Friday that would make
sense so here's what we're dealing with
guys this is the prank Channel and you
can see the numbers are just flying so
somehow we're gonna hit 10 million on
two channels in the same month yeah
that's like it is impossible and I would
say that that is when you get those new
play buttons please just look at them
just for a second look at this Dale Rome
is about to hit 10 numbers like that no
we got a thousand we gotta go 900 to go
I told him this is my motivation this is
a win-win for them they give me the ten
and they get new pranks here's the next
question what are we gonna film what
what kind of prank I'm just gonna go out
on the street do we have a price wrong I
would be so pranked if there was a
Camaro in my drive I'd be like Frank
don't you miss I'm not gonna miss it
we're still like a hundreds away
hundreds away this is a dream come true
by the way
this makes you totally can think 1
million
thinking zagar's I know it's insane
thinking back though how much work went
into this
almost forgotten about this channel
completely but we've put years of our
life's into this channel here comes 48
no pranks on me I know we'll go out on
the street we'll go out on the street
baby you and me or you Britney we
remember the way we just went and kissed
on people let's let's do another one
that was a fun no this is huge me beyond
the you guys know we were gonna hit ten
million on this channel no matter what
but you guys just did it in just about
four hours when I uploaded today
yesterday's vlog we were about sixty
thousand away and in three hours you
guys did about sixty thousand
subscribers so huge thank you for making
it happen so early and today and I will
get you that prank that's promised and
we'll do something fun I I promise you
that Roman I promise this thing last
time I promised you something it only
took what a year to blow up the top car
I'm gonna make this happen I'm gonna
make this happen I know I know it's just
so nice and warm out we should make a
whole France an artic prank party right
yeah Franken polar bears mmm look at
these things let me see your hand let me
see your arm these are the slap
bracelets anybody remember these things
I used ever when I was a kid maybe
they're coming back because look at this
ready Oh slap it he's so serious pain
you're so serious slam oh no it's mine
hey Bret did you drop this your brain
your brain my brain is way bigger
uh-huh all right guys so we've hit ten
million subscribers on two channels and
this month and I've just decided to
start a rock band and leave the youtubes
behind so here's my first of all
that's it
do you think do you think people are
gonna buy that song I bought it yeah if
you think it's a hit a little smoother
the beginning wait wait what do you mean
what do you mean well like you started
too soon
no I did I don't think it was a I don't
think it was me I think with you it's my
fault that the songs not a hit
I just I'm not calling anyone else
specifically I just played it the way
you told me to just I need you guys keep
practicing and we're gonna come back for
our Levin mill song we played again at
11 minutes
all right guys we are back home and
there is no mess from the dogs good job
way to go give me five man give me five
that's it Oh flash good job dude no mess
man would you give my blueberry my mom
gave us a bunch of frozen they grew my
favorite sides just frozen blueberries
they're so hard to cry in these came out
of the garden these are fresh yeah me
and Grandpa my dad planted all these
blueberries they taste different one um
you taste different on the frozen uh-huh
uh-huh
got to take a minute give some up to one
of our favorite sponsors on this channel
audible.com you guys here's talked about
all the time audible is the king of
audiobooks they are the the leading
provider of audiobooks they have
countless selections from action books
to comedies to documentaries they have
it all these are great for traveling
you're on a plane you got earbuds even
for jogging on a treadmill riding a bike
you listen to your favorite book it is
2016 it's almost 2017 you'd like we're
living in the future
laying down sitting down reading a
physical book is becoming like old
school now you can listen everything if
you're like me I always say this I can
read just fine like I can sit
I can read but to actually comprehend
when I'm reading I'm not very good at it
man I suck at it if you go to
audible.com forward slash Roman ro ma n
you get a free book with 30 day trial so
that's pretty awesome
so that's audible.com forward slash
Roman that's a free book with a 30 day
trial check it out we'll put the link in
the description show them some love they
have been supporting this channel for
gosh it's been a year and a half they've
been with us on this channel so huge
shout-out to them check it out if you uh
if you just don't want to read a book a
lot of you guys even in school now are
allowed to listen to audiobooks so
that's huge yeah that's becoming a big
thing so it's awesome check it out don't
be skeptical get your read on through
your ears you give me your favorite one
let me see that one
slap it good job these are dude what
happened to these things so Britney had
an incredible idea we can't do it
tonight but we can't do it tonight but
what do you think about one night this
week we set up and we do indoor camping
like we set up a tent and everything
like a full tent in the living room
maybe and we camp inside guys it is
truly an absolute blessing to have you
in my life not just my life my family's
life I can't even explain how surreal
just can't explain it man like guys I
come from factory life I come from
working in factories and only having
this crazy idea of making videos for a
living it just didn't exist at the time
I graduated high school in 2001 YouTube
didn't come around until 2006 like when
I was done with school this career just
didn't exist it wasn't available it's
just is so for going from factory life
to now living the dream that I had in my
mind I was just a crazy idea man like I
knew it guys when I was in high school I
think about your position now if you're
watching this and you're still in school
imagine telling people that you wanted
to make videos not movies like movie
career existed like you could be
come on director and make movies that's
not what I said I wanted to do I said I
wanted to make videos and like that just
didn't exist I literally say this at the
end of every vlog and that is thank you
I mean it every time I say it I mean it
it is it's just you guys are more than
just somebody watching my videos man you
I've truly changed my life
your viewership has changed my family's
life and my extension of my family my
friends now have jobs employed by us
it's just all crazy man and I know that
if you're watching right now you are
really somebody that has helped shape
and change of my life because you're
here to the end of these videos not the
exciting part of the videos you're here
now so thank you from the bottom of my
heart I frickin love you guys use me as
an example chase your dream no matter
how crazy no matter how silly it sounds
no matter how many people tell you not
to do it the only person that can stop
you from getting to that point is
yourself go get it man I love you guys I
will see you tomorrow thank you for
being here ah beautiful you're one of a
kind smile
you
