are you ready to have fun you have
welcome to the vlog guys today is a day
that has been actually know has been
wanting to do this for literally months
months and months don't film your room
cuz it's disgusting
look at this clean your room then you
got three minutes leaving in five
minutes
be ready he's gonna be a fun day zeusie
where's your mom where's your mom little
boy are you looking for your mommy let
me help you find her Oh haven't you ever
seen a doughnut with pretzels on it what
what
but were you hungry I'm so hungry I'm
not good I was like salty and sweet all
together all right today is fun with the
family and take the kids out Brittany my
brother his kids and we're really
getting some fun family time with a cool
fun activity that we've been wanting to
do for a long time it's just been hard
to pull it off and uh these are the
worst hope hangers by the way you see
these they get snagged on everything you
pull them out of your closet you end up
just ribbon and I know my hair is crazy
you guys have been really nice to let me
know how bad it looks
I'm working on it all right at least I
have hair now I'm gonna get dressed
we're gonna get ready we're gonna go we
got the wild animals back here
everybody's so excited to get like TVs
in their cars but once you get them you
realize you no longer have kids like
they just disappear come back I miss you
can come back all right guys we're just
warping right over to the fun you guys
ready what's up bro I don't know if the
girl you jump me mom yeah you are
Brittany's Brittany Brittany and a baby
jump in I'm gonna show your viewers the
first ever five front flip to broken
neck inside trampoline salmon so here is
the most exciting part about the whole
thing is we have this place all to
ourselves it is just for you
you ready came hey it's just all yours
dude you can go anywhere and do anything
you want so good-looking socks you got
there girl we match look stick to him
you all pink down we see I love it he
was like he's like mom can I have a hat
like that was like penis in my only pink
hat until December
you can wear it are you cleaning the
floor sure listen to her
the record is how many squares you can
go get it go get it you did a flap there
and go off the wall off the wall oh
actually it doesn't look like you're
jumping up okay
Thanks
so we have a trampoline part today which
is amazing for the whole family the kids
definitely gonna have a blast here
tonight how bad do you want a jump
how bad do you wanna jump it's probably
good for the baby the baby's like the
size of my pinky nail not even that was
the worst filming every fu-- Hey filmed
or not them you killed me what happened
look your kid loves you now I'm done I
got my energy spin mom's crawlin let's
see it
that was really hot you can't just bust
out the salmon without stretching dude
what is the dad flip are you let's see
the dad flip double dad nobody double
dad nobody double - all right we got to
see this you got to go big that's the
one and a half tuck the knees tails beat
me one time tonight that was a race
across the trampoline spreading its
audiobook twice now we're gonna see who
can make it to the end of the foam bit
and back first now is that back to the
storage runner back to that orange math
all right you ready wait dude problem we
have to start right here maybe down the
road you have to jump
all right you guys ready yeah I've been
defeated again where's your other sock
honey yeah I was going so fast I blew my
sock off Eddie picking up to hear about
the baby
he catches one you're back in get Akane
get up get up get up if you have never
done trampoline dodge ball highly
recommended the heartbeat and I'm
sweating everybody say thanks to Shelby
and Ariana thank you for having us
amazing huge shout out to sky Zone for
helping my kids sleep good tonight
that's how we advertise your kids can't
sleep bring them to sky Zone I'm gonna
sleep mom can't sleep well guys I didn't
want to tell you this but I'm Merry
Christmas that's your gift hope you had
a good Christmas all right you have a
good Christmas good Christmas all right
maybe we'll have to set up the tree this
year
we're done dang nice car bro dang it for
gas mileage - bye Dale that was so much
fun man you're a good time
was it everything you expected pretty
much yeah oh jeez here we go with the
big Scoob don't let mommy see that new
car
what are you doing game well that was
awesome we are headed home right now I'm
pretty sure the kids and myself we're
gonna sleep excellent Jeff um
alright guys we're back home kids are
getting a shower and I'm watching you
guys have been tweeting me today how
close the prank Jenelle how do you guys
may not even know that I actually have
another channel it used to be my main
channel this is where I would upload
pranks this is actually for a long time
was my only channel and so I started
this channel this channel happened to
summon I'll pass my main channel now
this has become my main channel however
you guys have been hitting me up for the
last two days straight how close the
main gender on main channel is 210
million we were gonna have two channels
with 10 million possibly no one made a
joke the other day actually when the
vlog Channel at 10 million he made a
joke and he said if you guys get the
prank channel 210 million that I should
do a new prank and I am going to take
that challenge if you get look at this
alright obviously I can't do it without
you here's where we out on the prank
Channel right now nine point nine
million and we just lost one actually
here's the challenge and it's for both
of us you guys get the channel 210
million I have to do a new prank if you
know this channel then you know I
haven't uploaded in probably seven
months has it been that long
you stuff load every single week on this
channel every week I would upload it now
it's been probably seven months so
pretty much I don't upload on that
channel anymore let's make the deal I
know you have the package yeah it's
probably bad idea to but we're so close
I just feel like we should get this the
ten mail in return to these guys I have
to film a new prank like a fun like
family out on the street prank yeah like
a nice fun clean prank you know I'll do
it if you do it it's actually really
close and I feel like you guys could get
it there I feel like I should put a
timeframe on it because eventually it's
gonna hit no matter what but the time we
maybe if you guys hit it today I have to
go out this weekend earth their power no
they can if they want to it's whether
they want to so if you've got one minute
jump to the brink gentle I'm gonna put
it in the top of the description of this
video hit that sub button get it to 10
million and force me to get up and
pull a new prank that's really what it's
all about just dusting it off man it's a
great channel you just need to dust it
off little dust a rue I just made a deal
with the Internet oh oh you 20 bucks for
why I took you to the skies on the day I
do I owe you 20 bucks I know you earned
it I know I won't film your dirty room
you want me 20 bucks for not filming
your dirty rooms I made the deal if they
get the channel 210 though I have to
pull a new prank they're gonna motivate
me I'm gonna show your floor I'm gonna
show your floor so I know you're
starting to get a little age on you cuz
you care normally it'd like your kid
doesn't care but you start at that age
where you care I care still there's
still plenty of days I'm not gonna lie
we're we're like let's clean before I
start flopping yeah some days you guys
have seen the house trashed some days
it's whatever but some days I'm like
yeah let's clean up man like we look
like he knows like we're born in a barn
man this is something he's doing her
kids movie Krakow I don't know it's okay
price so stupid ready you grab each lip
you hold out your tongue sleep great
who's in my bed oh I see you now
mom he's up in your bunk if Noah's bed
fell through his floor he'd land right
there he would just he probably still
sleep - you both still be as bad I bet I
love you baby I don't got a great day
yeah see it's moon room it's always red
why is it red why am i red got to got to
get this haircut guys thanks for being
here today man I love you guys you're
everything to us it's good fun family
day couldn't uh no matter how many of
those days I get there's never enough
it's never enough time there's never
enough of them it's just I need more
family days I'm addicted to them I love
my family man I'm so blessed to have
what I have
thank you guys for being here thank you
for pushing me motivating me uploading
we've been uploading at least might be
20 in a row not that big of a deal but
it's cool I like it
speaking of thanks Thanksgiving is
coming up Thursday we're doing our shoe
competition challenge that we've been
talking about and please please be
thankful for everything you have before
Thanksgiving don't wait till
Thanksgiving to say hey so thankful for
this it's a good day to be reminded
be thankful every day man you have more
than you can ever imagine man no matter
how bad you think you haven't believe me
I've been to rock bottom I've been to
some of the worst points in my life I'm
telling you no matter how bad I had it
somebody still had it worse than me so
be thankful for exactly what you have I
Love You Man you are beautiful
well one of a kind don't forget that
smile
you
