what did you bring what did you bring
today I brought the smartest thing I
could think of oh that's who he was
talking about I knew it do they're here
today you guys know that I told you I
was doing a livestream where we're gonna
tug O'War the smart card now what we
didn't know is yesterday it was 70 and
beautifully sunny today it's actually
snowing we have snow out here we got our
first snow balls today first snow so
long with the tug of war that we are
going to attempt in the wet grass maybe
on my concrete we got some other ideas
that are even more ridiculous this thing
running yeah just get in the tow hook
out it's got the other things tow thing
comes with a hook to put in the front
back bumper I need a pillow
you're not long enough to reach oh my
gosh you guys had this car ten years
five years yeah here's my question
what's the odds that the smart car has a
plug in tow loop maybe you have to tow
him a lot what but backwards it's smart
dude in case you guys don't know my dad
has and has had for very long time a
very smart car this is the nice thing
about it this is it like an added tape
this is just falling off the car so it's
pretty beat up look at the front the
whole paint just peeled right off the
front look at the fender this car is on
it it's a 2009 so it is it is old but
it's not battled for a vehicle 760
static half inch arborist when you have
smaller rope to make a loop for the
bigger rope
Dale's good this daddy's better ouch
feel the burn you want some Sun
sunscreen for that burn Dale I think you
should try to hit the ramp
oh my god you hear the horn beep you
need to time it with the big red nose
beep dad I think we turn this into our
project car dude we put some little mud
tires a lift kit a bigger motor we turn
it like off for a go-kart like a go-kart
and then we can ramp those hills back
here and since this thing already like
popped offline and it wouldn't fix it
and I glued it back down he just turned
into convertible I love it ok ready
they did it again awesome whoo feel for
some of my life feeling a man we can do
better
I wish had a bug out just a bit like a
little one foot slope oh yeah I don't
know I wish you had a bobcat too buddy
you just it is missing some horsepower
and drifting out there got my man
country here how you doing man it's so
good to see you with the family yeah and
he brought us some gifts I don't know
what's expecting a blow-up or pop open
it can we got here this is uh Roman and
Brittany what's that one say and one
says Kane yeah man no sorry
Oh baby stuff that's gonna fit you
perfect Kane so congratulations on
becoming a big brother Kane that's you
dude I am only a phone call away if you
ever need me country will always have
your first snow day be there tonight
it's beautiful though it this is the
kickoff to our holidays that's right
it's about time maybe we'll have a fun
snow davidich it's it's beautiful cold
and this is like big pebbles yeah like
big dope the smart garden get out of the
snow it's officially happening or
getting snow it really is I was in a
t-shirt til 11:30 last night oh and now
this
that's really a severe change you guys
having fun that's awesome are you eating
a pickle it was like it took me a second
I'm staring at you like we are we are
really really bouncing around today all
over the place I was focused on the live
stream so it's just really strange day
anyway let's continue it is just his
birthday not her actual birthday but
we're gonna go out and she wants dessert
so we were like what we'll do anything
you want so we're gonna go get dessert
we got the kids we got to go pick up the
on Jeff and they seem pretty happy mrs.
castle made out of as oh there's my
little bug nope you're stuck you're in
daddy's luck I got him he's mine he's
mine
Oh what is it oh my gosh getting them
style top what you know you've made it
when you have your own top that plays
your music you're on top you're on my
body I love you bye mama we are headed
out to a little place called the melting
pot which I've never been we've met
man you guys been no happy early 19th
birthday Jess super awesome never been
there what pan and you make these cool
little figurines melting and it's kind
of like an arts and crafts fun place
awesome heroes wait it's pond
no no it's fun too it's fun dude it's
wet in the melting bottom no ID I've
never been here and yeah there's Paul
get your handyman shirt back on and fix
this right now temperature we're here
and I didn't know but you actually cook
your own food here right everything or
just some things I don't know everything
salad you have the water you with the
hide student oxygen molecules together
yeah amazing I'm not gonna lie this is
my first fondue experience this is my
first time fun fun cheer cheer do the
cheese I've never done this you just
turn it and dip it like that
Oh extra cheesy this will blog's cheesy
everyone ready 1 2 3 touch cheese's yeah
uh-huh I've done it well we don't do it
was cheese and apples were not meant to
mix but is that what you're supposed to
do that is what you're supposed to do
wait we got part mode on yeah yeah I
don't know if that goes together cheese
and apples well you just ate it what's
it taste like it's like a fruity dirty
sock I can I get that how long do we
wait to tell Dale there's actually Forks
them know there's Forks no this is
awesome they bring you out all these
uncooked meats shrimp steak chicken
shakes and then you put them in this
boiling broth to cook them oh you got
the time really up two and a half
minutes left guys crispy treats that
chocolate got me that chocolate got me
feeling funny so hyper
I said like 1,900 marshmallows like
pound of chocolate almost Christmas time
guys it's not even Thanksgiving yet
though that's the thing okay so
singing you got nothing
okay so this new vehicle britney's has
heated seats and I gotta say something
it's the closest it's the closest
feeling I've had to like back when I
used to be my I never have a I don't
have a memory of actually peeing my
pants I did it until the heated seat and
I'm sitting here like oh no no you lie
like a rug
you got mom worse than hi buddy
man mommy tried to scare you so bad why
did you do that hey I don't want to hear
it dude I just opened that shoebox today
I like how he I like how he mixed his
toys in with it like we wouldn't notice
I don't even know what I film today
honestly this has been really really off
today wow what happened with the baby
this is our new handshake well guys I
think this is pretty much gonna wrap up
this weirdo vlog on I'm sure what
they're doing now we've all lost our
lines that is gonna do it for our blog
guys I actually have no idea I've lost
track as we were streaming and then
we've been on the vlog and I always lose
track of what I filmed and it just is
what it is today
thank you guys for being here either way
if you joined us on my livestream thank
you for joining us there I guess we'll
see you tomorrow the streak has been
going for quite a while now how do you
know why talking about that he's gonna
end up taking a day off clapping thank
you guys for everything we love you we
will see you tomorrow you are beautiful
you are one of a kind smile more
you
