hey guys welcome to the vlog another
sunny ridiculously beautiful day here in
Ohio I'm going out to get prepared early
for Thanksgiving because once a year the
Atwood boys all the outward guys my
uncle's my cousin's my brother myself we
try to get together and have a vicious
competition as skeet shooting clay
pigeons whatever you call on the discs
that you shoot into the air and then you
shoot them and they explode not actually
sure if I've ever vlogged it or usually
I just can't get up in the morning
because it is early morning by time I
edit the vlogs I'm like so this year my
plan is to be there and conquer I've
never actually been competitive or
anything if I lose I lose if I win I win
it's really just for fun into you know
I'm away to hang out with families all
it's about so I'm going to get some
rounds and things that I need nothing
really special here but welcome to the
vlog hope you're having a great day a
perfect day just a wonderful day oh my
gosh what is this what hey have you seen
this oh look at that one big box of
shotgun snow I'm gonna need some
practice dude I am NOT like I don't know
much about shotguns and clays and like
how to hit actually probably suck at it
so oh man you guys see what I got look
how random this is a box of dynamite
these are awesome it's not actually
dynamite the firestarters that you light
and you can like tear off pieces and it
just starts it's amazing that's ammo for
practice cuz I'm gonna be honest with
you everybody there's probably a lot
better than me I like right like I like
assault rifles and handguns I don't
really do shotguns so yeah it's gonna be
interesting
okay try to just work past that I just
had a kick out my mouth is like
salivating try to go in and out of there
as quick as I could got some cool stuff
I will show you and then Kane has been
dying like begging me to make this
sample I'm just gonna show you that to
basically just rushing home oh my not
chocolate made my mouth just boom I'm
legit funky today like everything is
funky like my the way I'm talking
everything's just off like I feel weird
I feel strange somedays it's so hard to
explain like to you guys I'm talking to
you and I and I legit am but to me I'm
actually looking at a camera and it just
happened you know it messes with you
sometimes right the only thing I can the
only thing that I can think and hope is
that every vlogger out there has that
similar feeling that I have sometimes
it's like goofy goofy goofy bird right
now I'm a goofy bird headed home to get
some time with Kane and Brent we're
gonna make something that's easy that's
good right I know okay so we have
actually done this in the vlog in the
past it's been a long time it kate has
been just begging and begging begging us
for to do this all day
so here we are we're gonna do it right
now all you need is borax that's a huge
box of borax you need like this much
glue like Elmer's glue and food coloring
you guys can and should try to make this
it's a lot of fun and it lasts a really
long time yeah buddy
okay so one bottle of glue is what four
ounces well these are four ounce bottles
so we're gonna do four different colors
so four ounces per thing thing Ealing
eating half a cup of water bit is that 1
teaspoon 1 teaspoon put it in a separate
Bowl 1 cup of water means disappear stir
it until it disappears
this stuff's so awesome wanna make like
a
all of it and get in it like a hole okay
then put your food coloring in here this
one yeah oh look at that yeah yeah it
looks like rotten eggs yeah what does it
feel like gain slobber it's not zeus not
and you know from experience of making
this last time someone had left it lay
on like a t-shirt and never came out it
doesn't come out very good we did too
much too much of what we did it exactly
right we did it right no we did it
what do you mean it's it's getting
they're having some technical
difficulties this is not how it's
supposed look this is like scrambled
eggs did you could legit cut this up put
it on a plane get someone to try to eat
scrambled eggs like believe that that's
not what's just look like did I would
sit in the library on my break and I
just put some of this in my hand smeared
around level it out and then you just
blow on it to let it dry you need a
little Drive okay yep told really still
okay and let it dry it takes a little
while like when still wet
so eight ounces yeah but it's it for it
innit that recipe that I looked at then
I see two bottles of glue not one this
one works it's gonna be awesome but
you're putting glitter in it which I
haven't ever actually seen that we've
never done that before it's just taking
way longer than I thought the non-drive
old doesn't draw ever your blow-dryer
shake it up shake it up with that cause
cheese
looks like princess Pooh
all right kind of mess it up it kind of
peeled off you want to peel it for me
all right do it yeah oh yeah it's like
crazy
it's got my fingerprints in it my skin
print like a lizard that's what snake
does I promised I'd show them too so
here we go oh this is struggling zoos
turn six in January
six years old the 25th and I'm not gonna
lie he's starting to struggle with
things getting up steps getting up like
he's just so daggone big we've been
given things for his joints and what is
that stuff club boron boron really good
for your dog's joints and human joints -
all right come check out what I got now
this is this is I'm gonna win I'm gonna
win just just because I'm kidding Oh
dad's ooh some flash well you guys stink
huh dudes like it better shoot tennis
balls that's all I gotta say
finale dude flash flash you get that
crazy look in your eyes stop flash stop
oh he's down for the count
he's okay all right all right take it
easy sit sit
flash sit that's a good boy shake nope
shake shake shake
yeah he's not the brightest bulb in the
pack huh I got uh uh skeet shooting um
skeet shooting I've always caught it
clay pigeons clay pigeons that's what
we've always called it this dog loves my
camera tonight dude look at this look
it's all it is carbon fiber it is it is
all carbon fiber pick this thing up it
weighs nothing
12-gauge 12-gauge about the bus yep
carbon fibers 12 gauge is WikiWiki I got
a very very nice
12-gauge this is a really nice and
well-known gun for skeet shooting you
put the you put these on the tip of the
gun this is basically it affects the way
the the shot comes out of the gun so you
have tighter groups and larger groups
and I know nothing about that so how
cool is that it's not jammed it just
does have a bullet in it whoa what is
that this is what you both are you put
the dart in and you blow dang that dang
Daniel how's that for uh why for so long
oh I can't even get it all in the camera
took down dude this thing's mean man
that's a mean machine right there it
looks mean ooh that that's cool huh yeah
the carbon fiber is legit oh I can girl
once I get my big belly I can run around
with it protect that baby that's what
this is is a baby protector right here
ain't no pigeons getting near it I sure
a lot of you watching actually do ski
shoe it's a pretty popular sport around
here and I'm looking forward to really
giving it you'll hey little boy I'm
really looking forward to this I think
it'll be a fun
it's always a fun day because we're with
family and flash dude he just steals all
my leftovers all right a little bread
what we got going in the kit um mushroom
gravy pork chops noodles and Ramon's oh
you know now that I bought 12-gauge you
got start eating like a man you guys
start thinking like a man you know I'm a
man now yeah I remember the last time
you cooked how's your food you little
jack-o'-lantern some teeth full of it
here's a little trivia question for you
if you're new to the channel how did
king lose his teeth how did Kane lose
those teeth thank you for dinner then I
was amazing amazing it looks raw like if
you're going by visuals I'd be like yeah
but it's good I got that oh your tooth
back yeah what's the truth that's what
you have the truth is we just watch two
movies anything and that's our blog for
the bad guys I back here look at me and
my jug might my junk do people do not
normal people put this stuff on the
internet like what they like do
themselves up before they post a couple
million people that's a blog for the day
guys I don't know what to say man is an
off day we're gonna consider today an
off day but still and upload 15 in a row
we're back on track almost except for
today we will see you guys tomorrow I'm
doing something ridiculous tomorrow so
you are guaranteed of law unless you
know we have a vlog we're gonna double
double vlog double trouble okay I like
that thank you guys so much
we will see you tomorrow you're
beautiful you're one of a kind it's mama
Chad
you
