all right guys it's official game we did
it a million subscribers that is a
massive number no come here come here
look at this 1 million nine hundred and
ninety six thousand eight hundred and
forty five we are so close to two
million subscriber think we hit two
million subscribers today guys and I
know I don't sound excited but inside
I'm like doing backflips and it's really
kind of surreal thank you thank you
thank you
hey guys we start this vlog we just want
to give a special thanks to each and
every single one of you start are you
ready to list off all three million
people all three month we have a list
three million of you that we're gonna
start reading off and thanking you guys
thank you so freakin much we can't even
believe it came actually really fast you
guys we're starting to tweet us that
we're getting close and I was just like
oh my god we really are so as soon as I
set the blog live all the comments were
like congrats on four million subs
Congrats on four I'm like what we're not
even close to that we freakin hit food
feed subs on this channel guys this is
possible I also want to give a big THANK
YOU to you guys we hit 5 million
subscribers tonight on the vlog channel
just before the New Year's that is
amazing amazing what a good milestone to
hit right at New Year's we did it you
guys did it we broke 6 million
subscribers today I woke up to it was
such a nice wakeup and I really just
can't get over it's so awesome guys I
think the most craziest thing I need to
talk to you guys about is we hit 7
million subscribers on this channel and
I just need to thank you thank you and
thank you for that we just crossed 8
million in climbing honestly ridiculous
numbers man you guys have been blowin
this channel through the roof I'm just
watching this live count just scroll up
and up and up and it's all because of
you guys only sharing and showing so
much love to these blogs these daily
videos almost daily almost every day we
are extremely distracted right now we
really can't do anything else because
we're watching this counter this is
amazing Betty are you ready it's about
to happen oh wait it's going back hang
on
false alarm also here we loose 9 million
dude oh my gosh guys look at this this
cannot be happening it is going so fast
dude watch this it's just oh my god this
this is absolutely incredible guys of
course by the time you're watching this
we are probably we are over 10 million
subscribers this was supposed to happen
days from now like days the internet was
saying the 20th of November what's a day
it's the 13th what
we beat it no but I thought it was
impossible this is all this is this is
all happening without us being aware
this is insane we thought honestly this
was gonna happen like this week like
later this week so it's caught us
off-guard we don't know what to do
Brittany's making a little sign like I
think we'd have something huge and big
plan but we didn't think it was gonna
happen yet so we're just like we're in
like desperate mode I know it's going up
like a thousand every few minutes like
five minutes this is pretty cool this is
hourly today so at midnight 813 these
are subscribers every hour and they just
get bigger and bigger 3,000 an hour to
4,000 an hour a little bit of a drop and
then back up to 3:00 this is insane I
don't even know what to say or do I feel
like I could just bore you guys for one
hour and sit here and just thank you for
every single subscriber you guys are
just insane and we just we just you're
everything to us
I don't even know what to say I'm like
speechless I think you got it baby I
think you got it
I'm just the more I sit here than Lauren
yeah here's the craziest part we we
wanted to plan something big for a
10-million we didn't think it would
happen yet at all so we don't have
anything planned in fact we're going out
tonight brittany and i and dale and his
wife carl and Tammy we're all going to
this is crazy I'm just gonna surprise
you I'm just gonna surprise you I love
the 90s tour that's what it's called I
love the 90s tour we're gonna go meet em
tonight
you see this number what's it gonna
happen it's gonna we're gonna get it you
know nobody's gonna add like another
section we can't leave like we're
supposed to leave right now I can't
leave into the nine nine nine nine mode
well geez here we go look at that there
we go we've got 1,000 left this is
intense yeah don't dump dump them dude I
thought this was gonna happen
like next like the end of the week
I came back oh my gosh
here we go cane it's about to cross over
right now - ten million the computers
are gonna explode I want to see what
this does
three hundred five minutes dude this is
insane
Kane one day you are gonna look back at
this and be like we had ten million
subscribers look at or say a prank cam
pranking Channel
let me see let me see where is this one
I can't even believe this
so a lot of you probably don't even know
but we actually have another channel
that is also climbing to ten million
this is insane this this channel so
dusty and deserves some love ten million
then you have to do a prank a new prank
I'm retired
I want to alright we on the move we're
gonna take Noah over to my mom and dads
we're also Dale his wife and kids are
gonna be wait what did I just say
you get your nails done for 10 million
or anniversaries in two days baby is
that what you want let me get your nails
dude it's super moon that is the moon my
camera kind of sucks but that's the moon
right now
nice hair bro look at this
I haven't wore my hair like this for a
long time wow that's pretty we look like
brothers today hmm must be the biceps Oh
yang can you see the guns what's up pops
we did it we just did it we just passed
it subscribe well I think you were just
making accounts just hitting the
countess's we didn't expect that to
happen you know for 10 male we should
have like a fancy video plan and all
this craziness and it just happened we
thought it was gonna be days and days
away the internet said xx you guys know
that so we're just we still have to
continue with today that we have it's
gonna be fun this is picture you can see
this monkey pig I know it's actually
yeah there's actually in one of the old
vlogs you can actually see you getting
peed on - you can't see the pee right
there that's a great photo I love you
buddy I'll be back to pick you up soon
alright see you guys later what you're
coming yeah this your shirts amazing is
okay so it starts as a sheet of paper
yeah start it start these directions on
how to make paper airplanes yeah and
then yeah it is time for I love the 90s
tour imagine being able to sell out a
place like that
so how many people you think fit in a we
are coming out tonight a lot of
maybe my younger viewers you guys may
not know who guys like Coolio and
Vanilla Ice are I hope you do Carl Tam
you just flew in literally 45 minutes
ago from China so you've got to be like
yeah that's a good nap it's kind of a
long story but Brittany and I saw
Vanilla Ice at the airport coming back
from where we come back from Max Texas
sylvania we're so vanilla ice at the
airport and we are going to meet him
tonight here should be pretty awesome I
loved I know I used to have a
double-sided cassette yeah let me see
let me see
backstage passes it's just a stick you
slap it on where's my laminate where's
my laminate I'm not sure how good this
is gonna be during the show because the
bass and the concerts are always bad on
everybody
interesting
alright guys I'm backstage at the
Vanilla Ice Show check this out
that's it yeah
all right that was awesome super fun not
only we get to meet up but we didn't the
mannequin challenge you guys have been
requesting us to do that for a while and
I just like last minute I don't know
somebody say we should do what Sam Sammy
gets all the credit on the show get out
of here scooby-doo down here we are the
last ones here the parking lot is empty
it is cold baby
it is current-day guys thank you for
absolutely everything 10 million members
of our family guys you are part in
massively a part of our family we should
all be working together every single day
to become more positive let's lift each
other up let let's lift each other up
let's do nothing but push each other
forward let's use our power for good
guys thank you for joining this family
thank you for following our every day
moves mostly every day working on that
we love yet we'll see you tomorrow you
are beautiful you are one of a kind
smile more
give us some words of encouragement cook
Coolio give them some words of
encouragement don't do stupid
sensibilities in China you know do
positive try to have my 85 jobs try to
be Charlie trying to become an expert in
my 10 things and you'll never be broke I
like that
last question last question I already
know the answer but the hair is real and
they don't stop
