welcome to the vlog guys I have this
pumpkin from Halloween from all of
October left just sitting here doing
nothing yeah I got you
I mean it's past its time it lived a
good life
hope you're having such a good day we
are gonna get rid of this pumpkin right
now
it's November sound bring in the turkeys
how about some dual Glocks with 30 round
mags the camera is covered what do you
have it as your pumpkin due next year
you have a bunch of pumpkins go on their
pumpkins splattered all over the table
all the way back here it's behind the
table look at the holes Noah look at
that that's from the AR that's one way
to start the day right there let's let's
continue that's what we just did it's a
beautiful day guys the countdown
continues before the snow comes and this
is all behind us hope you're having an
awesome weekend we are kind of just
getting our start a little late today
but we're gonna get something fun right
or we're going to look for something fun
what is it tell him you can't believe
maybe maybe only if you can do 25
push-ups 25 push-ups can you do it yeah
1 2 3 how long 25 are you counting sad
man
8 what are you gonna do filmer
trampolina damn 11 swore 12 what you
didn't do 113 you just got a phone you
don't need another phone dude
14 15 nicely you wanna sleep here
tonight
sleep in the store we've come to the
store today to try to find a trampoline
like a full-size trampoline now we have
one down in the basement but we lay out
half and we don't have a net we want a
net to do some fun thanks 17 18 19 20 do
it finish it
honey III honey honey that's it no job
dude
I couldn't even do that yes
if you see one that 15-footer bacon for
my nose it just looks like Mars is
literally right in it it works
we look down we love down we got the
very last one dude very last one yeah
very last or you know why cuz you didn't
push-ups
we need to Train dude we got we got it
we got it we got to start training dude
25 that should be nothing you broke it
up in like a hundred pieces I honestly
believe I could not do 25 push-ups right
now I might get 20 maybe I know I could
get 10 I'm just gonna say this right now
thank you thank you thank you so much we
are so Noah we are so close to 10
million dude do you have any idea how
close we actually are I can taste it
I can taste the way you can taste that
KitKat I truly oh it all to you guys you
know that we have absolutely nothing
without you thank you for pushing us to
ten nine thank you for subscribing to
this channel crazy thing is we actually
get more views from unsubscribers than
subscribers it's so weird people that
aren't subscribed watch us daily but
they don't hit the subscribe button
maybe they're too young or don't have an
account or I don't know what it is but
if you watch us everyday and you can
subscribe please hit that button it
helps us out so much hitting that 10
million mark man other than that we're
headed home we're gonna try it it's
getting so cold out and we're doing all
we're doing all this stuff that requires
it's not warm dude it's 50 with wind
it's like minus a thousand
oh it's just so hot out oh it's just so
hot I why don't you just put a swimsuit
on getting back home we're gonna try
attempt to build these tonight which I
don't know me what I can't get over how
silent it is it is quiet or silence
outside jeez there's some kind of crazy
dog out there look his ooze he moves the
curtain just to see us Oh speak the
devil there's flash oh this is zombie
zombie zombie and mommy okay alright
what do you guys have every let off I
need it I knew it
all this time look at our subs whoo but
we just lost - where you guys going come
back there they are now they came back
the subscribers are climbing guys I just
can't believe how close we're getting
it's unbelievable thank you guys so
frigging much we're gonna be at ten
million before we know it yep any idea
how much 10 million is no thanks huge
are you guys ready ready ready here we
go get ready for action action
satisfaction
whoa go get him
all that is awesome dude he's flying so
good is that an army guy go go go it's
huge that is not well I guess I guess it
is yeah waxey that's the huge guy Kane
put him on your desk he came from the
sky oh dude your big parachute is yeah
do it prove it
you and the baby fly oh of course of
course flush now it's his he knows knock
you out that'd make cool to light like
20 of those we just have a whole sky
parachuters I have never built a
trampoline that comes in two boxes have
you seen that it's just a new good job
all right
me and mommy will be inside let us know
when you need help trampoline
instructions
don't you want you to crack that open
how you feeling dude all right awesome
build this trip laying in the smoke in
the trenches be good mosquito repellant
it's it's just uh you know fireworks
smoke baby you can't hardly see it on
camera it's so smoky all right little
trampolines coming together
comedian Springs boys warmer warmer
warmer
oh no wake up no awake ah there's been
12 hours I can't figure out how to build
this trampoline okay you gotta finish
this revelry dude come here give me your
bone give it to me everyone so many
pieces left we need sleep thank you
should you tell him or should I it's
actually tomorrow we didn't make it much
further than you seen last night uh we
did make it far and then this become
frost this was ice you could write your
name in it and that's when I called it
said let's come out finish it in the
morning and this is all we got left we
got basically just this net to put up
and however you do that can't even see
the smoke there you go at least working
when it's cold outside now that all the
dog poop is frozen like a brick okay
the trampoline is complete thank you
14 hours 14 hours what the work mean
though right maybe I only build things
right guys thank you so much for
watching today this is uh
coming to you as a family saying thank
you for absolutely everything the real
question that we're all asking ourselves
today is can we do it can we hit 10
million subscribers today I'm not gonna
lie it's catching us off guard the
numbers are insane and whoa thank you
for everything we love ya
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile more Cain's gonna master the front
flip now yeah it's not gonna take long
with your help
what the heck whoa
