welcome welcome to the vlog guys hope
you're having an awesome date is
absolutely beautiful the Sun is out it's
shining the sky is clear today guys is a
good day I'm gonna tell you one a lot of
people don't think about this but I'm
gonna tell you why this is oh not only
is your heart beating your eyes are open
but you woke up this morning with
another chance another chance how
awesome is that and how good of a
feeling is that little things like that
we take for granted little things like
that we don't even think about we think
our days bad because we failed a test we
got pulled over by the police and got a
ticket or we lost our job that's why we
think our day is bad I'm gonna be honest
the good outweighs all of that you have
to think positive you have to be ahead
of it you have to realize how good you
have it right now because one day one
day you might look back on right now and
think that it's great so welcome to the
vlog I want to pick you up I want to
lift you up I want you to feel like you
can take on the world
you were so important man don't forget
it you are amazing so what am i doing I
am running errands all day I had been
running errands all day in fact this is
one of those days was like I can't flunk
I got so much do I just can't long this
is all off camera crap that I just can't
do but I'm doing it I'm on here I hit
the record button I picked it up and I'm
actually heading home it still lied on
it I thought I'd be getting a home at
dark but I'm a little early so let's go
home see the family see the kids so much
I want to do so much I want to do is so
little time to do it so well guys hope
you're having a great day I know you are
you just got to realize it let's see who
will it be first who will it be first oh
I always greeted by the wilds what's up
knock-knock who's that
that's not my girlfriend Cain where are
you Cain no you weren't
where's Kane he's gotta be up here okay
there's no kid to be found looks like
I'll just go back out and Zeus where's
Kane where's Kane take me to Kane
is he back there is it alright you were
right Oh sup you crazy Birds
hey we got like eight minutes a day time
left outside
eight seven maybe it's hard to hide when
I got Zeus on my team he sniffed you
right out fishing for flash fishing for
flash Oh Britney just bought this rug
for outside and flash decide to chew it
up
well it looks more like a real leaf
right now yeah we got a few minutes
you buddy have to let warm up it's cold
out huh dude so cool you look like
somebody actually sent me a tweet of two
years ago when came as tutors younger of
him at the store on this when you got a
first birthday I didn't think about so
crazy
you won't go for a ride little girl have
you ever driven a dirt bike
ever well now you got a baby in your
belly probably not a good night just no
doubles no double backflips that's true
let's go come on
oh okay you can't do that with one hand
oh you got gloves lucky ducky
we are just soaking up the last few
beautiful days before the snow hits here
you go whoo he's getting better yeah
Oh
a lot easier wasn't dodging dogs
this kid is getting so good at this game
dude well my mom just showed up like a
sign from above Outback to go what is
going on my Outback was put in I got to
eat first and then she drove over for us
all this delivery Wow
thank you so so so much steak salads
potatoes perfect and can't forget that
guy
thanks for the Outback I'm always the
last kid to get sick sick and tired keen
on the other hand okay I love you first
of all we haven't had much to vlog
tonight I ate up most of my day doing
errands and things that I want to do in
keene is officially not feeling well
which stinks could you have gym tomorrow
dude that's good hmm having a sick kid
it's the worst
scratch me my skirt oh you got the light
dude you got the light Zeus very very
very slow vlog day I guess that's what
you'd call it even your slow work days
today's is the slope log dates you know
have to have to have the families not
feeling up to par and no one are just
hanging out the last book you know what
though I'm usually the one that gets
sick I'm always weed in the pack
oh this goes nope trust me I tried you
need to strip this and strip this watch
are you doubting your daddy are you
dumping me no I I'm gonna king of fixing
things everybody knows this I'm not
first you guys stripped this wire see
that that's exposed copper that's what
you need
now where's the other one we must expose
the copper my hands taste like Zeus
doubted your father
well you doubt it because I tried while
I did only try one for never gonna give
you up never gonna let you down let's do
it again so we can show them what the
lights do all of these lights imagine
what it must have been like just
connecting wires together and figuring
these things out like to get a speaker
to work how impressive is an actual
speaker when you think about a speaker
it plays all that music dude how I hate
speakers how do they work I don't I
don't think no no I don't expect you to
know don't hurt yourself oh it's getting
windy and cold guys the sun is shining
now
morning guys it is current day I was you
know what today was one of them days
guys I was like I'm not gonna upload I'm
just not gonna do it they kill him when
it's sure in fact I actually didn't even
in the vlog last night but I woke up
this morning and I was like let me put
the footage in and I actually liked all
the footage it was just me and it's just
real hangout it was nothing exciting
it's just me and my family so pretty
much the memories I actually want to
have so thank you guys for being here
thanks for keeping your head up thanks
for me and positive thank you for being
here guys I just looked on the computer
we are way closer to 10 million than I
thought now we're still far away but
we're on the final stretch and it is
only because of you guys the last three
and four days you guys have absolutely
blasted out every single favorite vlog
you've ever I swear my Twitter feed has
been nothing but you guys just sharing
and getting your friends and getting
your family to watch the vlogs and we
are so close in fact I just got a tweet
from somebody it cracked me up it said
it's a Roman you were so worried about
hitting 10 million subs on the 15th for
your 8 year anniversary me and
Brittany's 8 year anniversary is on the
15th but now you're probably worried to
hit it before the 15th and there is some
truth that you guys have absolutely you
just always surprise anyway guys thank
you so much for being here I know you
always tell me just upload anything even
if it's five minutes long just upload it
so today is kind of one of those days
where I was just I got stuck doing so
much work just off-camera stuff and I'm
not here for sympathy man I'm here to
lift you up
always so have an awesome day have an
awesome night whatever time it is maybe
you're just going to bed sleep great
have a great dream wake up ready to take
on the world man stop waiting for the
opportunity to come to you it's not get
up go chase it go get it you can do it
and you will do it I love you more than
anything man thank you guys so much for
everything we will see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile mwah I love you
you
