welcome to the vlog guys Brittany want
to stop by and get her car cleaned
ironically this is the same place you
got the flat tire remember we came right
here
that was your mom's car somewhere else
you want to do is wash your car I was
like go through a touchless carwash so
it doesn't hit your car and look how bad
of a job there's like these giant
streaks from where the water hits and
then all these smears this is after the
carwash yeah it did nothing like it
everything is wet but it didn't clean
your car now I'd like to complain and
I'm not usually one to talk bad about a
place but it's still filthy the whole
car is filthy started and look at this
this is what happens when you have kids
for having two boys it's not that bad
sounds like somebody I know Britney and
are out and about we had to run a few
errands today kind of off camera stuff
and we're just starting the vlog right
now I hope you're having a great day
we're gonna go home see the kids see
what's going on see what we can get into
and yeah
I just wonder on camera I don't know but
he's still in his pajamas this game hey
dude Hey
that's the love I get what up did you do
any double backflips back here yet dude
our track is looking awesome bike front
tire was flat so just coming home get
here everyone's ride and play it makes
me want to jump on a bike right now
hey pajama man you are you're riding in
your jammies I can't lie like going to
the gym and getting that type of
exercise I've never been good at it I
just I can't get into it but hopping on
a bike and hitting some ramps I love it
needs so much more speed hanging out
there thought you were gonna ride with
me you get all the kills you like that
guy yes awesome just set up over here
Bobo's canes over here you guys got the
life I'm envious right not one foot yeah
hey I got an idea you want to do
something that you've been asking me to
do for like the last three months you've
been asked me to do that challenge right
now
not right now sorry I want to interrupt
your uh you know three months of asking
me to do this I ask you and you say not
right now but I thought you would want
to yeah it's going crazy right now I'm
just going crazy I need my kids
attention I need my kids attention
building why you know why smile more
building yeah you want to work you want
work to earn money
I like your thoughts dude I like your
thinking that's a good mindset right
there work for what do you mean I love
you too
oh no let me do this room Noah wants no
one's throwing money why tell them good
desktop because you're awesome laptops
just not cutting well it is here's the
deal dude you save up your money you get
whatever you want
I know exactly I'm for you not to
destroy yeah but that's a great laptop
that's a great computer wait wood I mean
it is I know it please Barbie or
whatever you playing all just fine what
is this game it's our survival okay it's
not good what like yeah you have an
apple sticker on your I have my tricks
and stickers I just want my kids
attention canes playing call duty you're
playing Ark survivalist kids but then
you entertain that you've stolen my
children it's my fault for getting you a
computer that plays cool games how does
this Christmas present two years ago I
guess in two years things confuse
especially commuters the outdated fast
all right well maybe we'll do the
challenge later how's that how's that
how's this for just raw blogging right
here guys how's this this is my life
this is real life right here you want a
work boy I mean we got work there's so
much to do it's insane you meet a
sweeper sweeper what we can find maybe
he can do something here in the store
all right I got your first job
put your scuba equipment on you can get
in the tank scrub the scrub the letters
you know they get a little dirty here
and there and make sure the tanks Brit
is this your makeup head
well that's creepy it's like an adult
baby man
you think of that Zeus before we talk
about Noah working what is cod liver oil
it's for what you drink this it's cod
liver what is cod liver is that a fish
fish oil what smells good it smells like
the things you wash like the table with
on the floor there's army buffed out
really good it's right out here the
girls are working second shift I guess
you call it night shift what do you what
do you call this right now nice shirt
night crew and we're looking we're
looking for jobs for Noah what can I do
out here
besides hang out with you guys wash the
windows
toilets over do you see pretty much
everything that goes out has already
been pre organized and packed like our
school supplies and our pencils and
there you go all them boxes need carry
it up don't they
what are you thinking physical or mental
labor like do you want to use your brain
or do you want to use your body we don't
have someone that can do dishes that's
that's an option okay so what if no what
came in it was like the handyman like he
comes any checks on the Saints he checks
the trash bags to make sure the trash is
out make sure these toilet paper on the
toilet all right yep no more done okay
so if you want a splatter tee guys these
splatter tees they're being discontinued
this is the last of the splatters
favorite base if you want one get one
now because this is the last order we
placed for them I actually like the
t-shirt as well but I don't know if I
like having my name on it it's the only
thing our going out now so if you like
Christmas especially you like oh man if
you want Christmas especially overseas
international order then now like now so
you have it if you want an order for
Christmas order now and if you want a
splatter - order now because that is the
last of them and I don't actually know
how many left the shelfs look pretty
decent what you boys think should we
open it oh geez that really did sound
good
just like best proof you can't steal
from the sword oh my gosh might shoot
3,000 we were over at my brother's the
other night and he had this crazy little
ice maker I don't know if this is the
same one but we picked one up here we go
all right let me have this one yeah well
you guys not that loud
that is how you do it guys
now is just bringing cost realize this
iceberg right there
little fresh bull the white snow for you
boy like a snowball oh my gosh it makes
the best snow wow it's really okay ready
for this catch ya know like yeah lemon
juice you can do all cats ketchup slushy
ketchup you did you do relish slushie
what well that's gonna be good I bet
okay couple drops for you what do you
think yeah good enough to go back for ya
what if we made enough to do snow angel
you know who has never seen snow in
their entire life
you've seen snow flash has never seen
snow
he's a snow dog his first year alright
guys so by now you've probably heard of
a challenge called the whisper challenge
actually Britney and I did it a while
back and no one just loved it and he's
been asking me for a long time to do
this you want to do it yeah we just
tried it he's like it's impossible
that's the point I know but in case you
haven't seen the whisper challenge
here's how it works no one's gonna put
on the headphones then I'm gonna say
something he can't hear me because I've
got music cranked up boom boom
boom reveal all right here we go oh you
get to pick you wanna go first yeah all
right so I'm gonna put these on no one's
gonna talk
I gotta guess what he's saying just by
reading his lips so just hit play we're
gonna go with some some 41 right now our
viewers huh four hits okay
it's so hard because I'm listening to
what he's saying yeah trying to figure
out what you're saying it's four wheeler
in it no okay try again
our viewers are awesome how many horses
are awesome sayin our Howard our Audi oh
well oh no our no like our our viewers
our viewers Sybil's viewers our viewers
okay our viewers are so hard yeah that
is the heart
our viewers are awesome that's all you
said holy crap dude I think we're saying
like a walrus yeah peanut butter is my
favorite peanut butter and jelly is my
favorite oh so close you guess one extra
word I'm gonna do it again peanut butter
is my favorite peanut butter is my
favorite
good dang III do pronunciate really well
okay your turn I love you too buddy
oh I love my boys got the best kids ever
man the Hat snow was good that horsey
fix that snow was good
that's I feed my eel oh you're saying
that mm-hmm
not that okay that that snow was good
that's so horsey dude this is so hard
I'm so bad at it I was bad last time
ready oh yeah snow is so no that's so
that snow
what do you saying I said that snow is
good that snow is good it's so good why
do I keep saying horses okay I got a
little thought you're saying I love good
songs I love your socks
I love croissants I love your scarf your
your car I love your am i right no I
love croissants I love your sauce what
are you saying I love croissants
I love croissants croissants SpaghettiOs
for life
I don't even know when you said I I was
just guessing
I elephants smell like Cheetos
I look like smell like Cheetos
I love smell like Noah be me Noah be me
I can't breathe yeah yo my science is
wrong crazy
hope you enjoyed really a much rawer
style vlog it's not even that crazy long
but the way I filmed it was very less
cuts and just longer takes and for some
reason I kind of go in and out of my
style and for some reason I've been
trying to do more of that lately just to
capture more of my family doing
realistic things so thank you for being
here thank you for hanging out today we
awesome by the way I didn't in the vlog
last night so it is current day right
now but yesterday this vlog we passed
the main channel which was the prank
channel it's not even the main channel
no more this is now the main channel
because we just passed that channel
which is incredibly dusty and and
covered in dirt and so close to 10
million so close literally so close I
don't think we're gonna hit it for our
anniversary though I don't think we are
let me just let me just see what the
internet says because this thing's
really accurate okay according to the
internet which is pretty darn accurate
it's always just about right it still
says that we're 12 days away and that
we'll hit it on the 20th which is five
days after our anniversary so so we love
you guys thank you for everything thank
you for sharing even if we don't meet it
on the 15th thank you guys for
everything it's just it's it's surreal
it's unbelievable we will see you
tomorrow
thanks for watching always and Odie's
that's
I love you smile more you're beautiful
you
