if they're fixtures from today
that is that we
any man
I'll be so much
oh you awliyas like Tetris dudes are you
ready for Hawaii yeah
pleasure is ready for your bagel
so in order for us to do a destination
wedding we have to get there and the
truck is already packed and we have more
bags I don't know if we did the right
package up here we should have because
this is what we have in Hawaii so if we
can't get it in here how are we gonna
get it to our hotel what 200 IQ you
ready for this you ready for this
it's so early we cannot forget the car
seat this whole thing oh boy
alright done we did it we did it
she's full and ready like ready ready
we're leaving a house right now like
we're outta your good Oh pains not
buckled
change of clothes number one made it to
the airport did you spit up what
happened oh it's like we're moving we're
moving out of here thank you guys so
much for coming on this trip with us
there's all types of family all types of
our family flying all different flights
we're all meeting in one place today
it's gonna be a crazy trip traveling
with one-year-old luckily we got
Britney's mom here to save the day you
gotta help us come on we're getting on a
big air a big bird we gonna go fly and
she don't know where she's at or she's
dumb like they doing with our bags yeah
Jane's so ready he's so excited
Oh
one of my favorite parts about this trip
is we don't have to wait to get back
home to see the kids and the family
we're all going together okay so yeah
it's not leave it we have a very long
day ahead of us first we have a three
hour flight to Texas so let's just jump
jump jump to Texas are you ready for
this yeah but we got to go to Texas
first Cora Cora Cora Cora she's never
been to the airport before last ones on
last ones Oh Jane wait for me wait for
me quick you're about to be a giant
spaceship here we go we're officially
leaving Columbus headed to Texas and
from there it's an eight-hour flight
here we go
one flight down thank you Hey how'd she
do I was gonna set him in here or making
no peace no excited have you been on it
just think everything we everything we
do is something new for her what she's
like what is this
Jane's worse
who was driving the ship and get a quick
you're running God Oliver
not around the turn not around the turn
that's your job Wow that's our next
plane that's that's our next plane Cora
it yeah that's a big one we go jumbo
don't blow me kisses I'm going with you
I'm going you wanna go get on the big
plane just like behind let's go all
right
seven hours 58 minutes flight do this
we're gonna get into why it's three
dates are in there because the time
difference which means we get to
actually use a little bit of our dance
women whatever
now we just go to bed early wow this is
a cool plane yep
we go here we take off
we can take
say it again
ready
see Randy
it was just like in someone take hora
now you both have fun
we're guys playing the OpenFlow
I can't see anything it's dark
thirteen plus hours later you did
absolutely amazing girl freaked out
freaking out you have that baby scream
alright we definitely did a serious warp
on that flight was a very long it was
eight hours and I don't know you slept
you got sleep no sleep no sleep no sleep
no sleep I fell asleep for sure Cora
passed out dude look at this leave this
place ah we're in the beautiful Maui I
just love this place so much my brother
and his kids my mom and dad are already
here Brittany's sister chasing their
kids get in later tonight a whole bunch
of us all coming on different flights
different planes different schedules but
we were all be meeting up shortly and
yeah so we're here we got all our stuff
we're headed to the place and we're
gonna settle
went back here what was that hotel back
here is it that was that was you were in
that hotel when Brittany and I uploaded
the ball pit prank we were in that hotel
it was uploaded from here that's kind of
cool
come here baby we're here come on look
at these guys look at the big waterslide
do you see it you see it look at the big
slide dude you're gonna go down it good
to see you
wow I didn't recognise these two
handsome Devils good to see you guys oh
what a pretty flower I just put it in
her ear mommy
welcome to our room wait I'm so confused
right now baby baby baby baby um no
there's no door Party Time party time
oh yeah our little kitchen countertop a
cuckoo birds that's your room you can
sleep in the bathtub night day night
night Korra tweet all of this and then
it comes over here in a whole second
area which is a whole second dang hi
Cora and then there's this one so that's
our whole place it's like a double it's
basically two hotel rooms that open up
ear which is super weird there's like a
separate door yeah pretty cool huh guys
it's a crazy thing crazy thing is at
home right now it is what time is it
so it's 5:00 p.m. here and it's 6:00
hour time difference it's 11:00 p.m. at
home so everybody's actually Lily's past
bedtime at home how are you still
rolling around I know everyone's tired
well you gotta hit that Beach all right
look how pretty this is guys we're
coming out before we all crash and burn
for the day it's a big travel day so
it's not check out my fanny pack with
the Bluetooth speakers I know beautiful
right I'm so stuffed up my sinuses are
going crazy but I know this ocean air is
gonna clean it up oh yeah look look at
that it's like why he just puts things
in places it's like oh you're in Hawaii
there's boom rainbow sunset she's
building over here boys but you got
going on whoa
burn it up burn that last energy
who's ready for Hawaii I think we need a
bigger room all right
they were maxed out is she sleep are you
sure she went mom all you guys ready
have some fun let's go wait yeah you do
you soaking it up or what
snapping bro look at this that is
everything if that don't look real like
a hammock you know and hang it out here
yeah our ocean views not that ocean e
you can't view it but that's our ocean
view there's another Island and there's
like a mountain there and there's big
palm trees and flowers and there's water
spike Cora you and Liza have the same
shirt - same shirt oh you ready go swim
in you want go swim in
all right it is day two and it's pretty
obvious kids are playing the girls are
at the gym they're doing they're jogging
they're doing all kinds of stuff chase
and I are gonna run out and get some
things for the trip you gotta have the
kids need boogie boards and we need
rafts and we need the fun stuff so we're
gonna run out chase has never seen this
place in the daylight he landed late
last night we do a little tour did it's
even more beautiful in the Sun down I
don't know if you guys remember this
this is where we bought our surfboards
last year and then when we're done we we
donate them to the local surf schools
here whoever really wants them do ten
bucks oh we need a hard hard hard oh my
god oh my gosh dude we're moving I'm
moving dude that's you all over right
there I think we need to go again you
want to get some skimmers yeah okay all
right I've been reading up about it yeah
teach me well you know you got to get a
surfboard to you can't share a surfboard
no I mean I'm down to try and serve up
these little firecrackers these little
guys no way yo Maui
the owner here Maui he said he can give
us like a five-minute crash course you
know you see shake three weeks instead
of shake three weeks off from surfing
right it's up man it's good to be back
welcome home yeah dude don't tempt me
don't tell me
so yeah we're just looking at some
options here skim board we need boogie
boards for the kids I'm looking at like
certainly like an eight-foot board I
know it sounds big but it's the only way
and then Maui suggested I'm catching
them and I go down a foot at a time and
but yeah I think one of these guys I
think this is like what I bought last
year now Maui's hooking it up about the
shave our week this works out for you
guys too you ready for a surf class so I
tend to explain to you like you're a
five year old so you don't fly can
result in you know that's actually at my
level so we're good bad you center line
going down the middle
uh-huh make sure that your feet are
centered and they're not a little bit on
the sides so centers centers a winner
show this board one I go I got like a
wakeboarding or skateboarding or even a
fighting stance it's more like that so
don't be good with snowboarding okay all
right I think I have the habit of
training like a skateboard right I
should definitely do that
okay so shoulders forward good once you
guys get up take a look at your board
and see how it's laying on the water
where you wanted these get to the point
where you can do this we can lift the
front up and down once you do that you
can you've got control the board you can
slow it down and you can speed it up
okay and also press a teller once the
yeah kind of paddle paddle straight up
dude that sells in let's hear your foots
on the side you just wiped out boy
and you here for the living on the back
when you arch make sure that your legs
are still on the board you cannot do the
plank if it's coming it's coming it's a
big one I got this
and then I plateau I want to 360 zop
bigger little tail girl so I've never
done the two-step I usually I usually do
I usually jump strength right-handed
position that's probably what messes me
up but like you're saying is kind of
pull yourself up sliding to checkpoint
look I'm like checking this actually
it's like it and put your feet and your
feet okay do something like this yeah
except except for
just jumping up one of my feet expect to
forget that
yeah we did really good Dale just showed
up
you know we're I think we should just go
his some ways now dude I'm ready but
look my board starting with things in it
already to rental he's just not my
bottom right we brought him outside
whoa oh my god I got burnt in my that
red that's did I have a wet dude what if
I'm peeling it for the wedding like
peeling moisturizer bro oh my god oh my
god okay so we just certain a place
called thousand Peaks if I can ever see
it there she is beautiful little place
waves rolling every once in a while
dude that was raw on a serious note
though I am super rad we got boogie
boards for the kids we're gonna go back
see if they're ready to play and go from
there baby day to let's go look at that
look at it what you got my board boys ba
ba ba bum hi Liza I like your dress if
that's what you were gonna ask where are
you going well um we got back and
everyone straight up is including myself
exhausted it's already like 9:10 p.m.
this guy what's up dude mr. sunburned
eyeballs dang man I think everyone got
toasted today and it's our summer so we
should be like acclimated to the heat
I'll get mom all waving has she been
waving at mama they caught me waving at
nobody were you waving at the birds wait
wait bread Cobra daddy she wants dad
your mom's like she's so close to the
rail she's like holding her breath over
here
Brett let me see who's more ready let me
get both of us in here see oh my god
we're not it's the camera I'm older it's
the camera you're not that Oh baby what
you see Noah for the right comparison
competition all right so hi baby
I am fried guys look at her skin and
look at my skin right brought up but I
got Sheree the boys doing and this is
with something the lion son doesn't mess
around
they just look at these worn-out fried
boys do Carson your eyeballs are for oh
my
you boys are beat no know what times
they hear five o'clock and we're just
crashing so hard we're still Rocking I
never heard of what never heard my kid
said he wants to admit 540 no who's here
Oh
more more more fried people bro
I didn't even explain it I've no I don't
think I've ever been more tired in my
life right I know I feel like a bunch of
like party poopers alright guys it's day
three on the beautiful island Maui hi
baby
guess what we're done I know I kind of
guess what we're doing we are we have to
go get our marriage license here in
Hawaii right so basically we are going
right now we had to set up an
appointment weeks ago and this is the
only moment in time the entire week that
we can actually get these marriage
licenses we're driving there right now
to get that stuff done the boring stuff
we're gonna get our marriage license and
then we have to like transfer it when we
get back to Ohio presidental not on what
I'm talking about but that's where I
added look at this
go in order new security card yeah you
have to actually change like think of
how many problems this causes if you got
to change everything
your ID or your signature you're gonna
accidentally write everything everything
has to be changed you sure you want to
sounds pretty annoying are you sure you
want to go through this it's gorgeous
like it is absolutely beautiful here so
we are gonna go get this done and then
we're gonna meet up with a bunch of the
family and two very special guests
happen to be on the same island at the
same time as us I'd like to share a
story with you guys when we get to them
but that's we're gonna do we're all
gonna we're all gonna get in the water
and it's crazy
so I'm also very congested I've been
blowing my nose 24 hours a day just I
don't know how my body can produce this
much liquid but I'm talking out of my
ears
anyway just watching day 3 baby alright
I don't know is it that way we have no
idea where right look at these two
everything here just lifts my spirit man
look at that I mean everything here okay
but we can't find it there's a tattoo
shop back here we could get some
matching tattoos I'm matching Maui's
this is it he's serious right now
oh we got it paperwork's done they would
not even asked like multiple times to
film because we had to like raise our
right hand like the Pledge of Allegiance
and now we had to do some things I
wanted to film it but they would not let
me they say you can take pictures but
not video got our paperwork baby next up
it's Friday wedding
we are officially you see on the paper
your last name outlet we are first of
all we have several special guests
coming today and we're here Brittany
loves to try surfer with me I'll be
falling yeah
and from my dad he's gonna we're gonna
be like the family surf trip space what
we're doing right now um first thing
like I'm nervous came to this wedding
now we're ready to party to Vasek man
I'm waiting on you
mom's going surfing - yeah you're trying
to drive that bus on this Beach Jean
it's bigger than a school ball get the
Big Kahuna big ride put though family on
it pick a board out
hey babe
who are these stallions over here what's
up see how he just dude I'm fried I'm
burning I'm crispy how's the trip it's
good I came to give you some surfing
lessons and finally because we need that
she's never surfed she just first time
either way that's perfect
we're gonna go fun it's gonna be fun all
right we got a bunch of boards we are
set Matt mirror are in the Mustang do
with the surfboards I saw yesterday I
saw a Porsche a bright beautiful Porsche
with surfboards on top of it I just love
it here so much dude I can't afford any
more collar though okay I mean what if
we're just be healing at the wedding
like a lizard
like I'm just
dude it is so freakin beautiful this
place I love it here so much dude I'm
looking to happen like Johnny did okay
so we've just arrived at a little surf
location and last year when Britney and
I were in Hawaii with the family I had
sent out a tweet to a guy named Jamie
O'Brien he has an awesome show on
YouTube as well and surfer and I've
always enjoyed actually Dale was the
first one that ever heard of him from so
I became a super fan of this guy and he
flew here we gonna have some fun right
now he brought a how BIG's the search
for a 16 foot board and how many does it
hold
I don't know we're gonna find it's like
super fat it's super few can ride like
side-by-side even a fat guy like me can
just ride that thing good we could do
anything you want on this boy they do
boxing and everything out there if you
don't know who Jamie is here's a quick
clip
Jamie's getting me mounted up right out
he's just lost my GoPro like literally
it was about to fall off it's like nah
no not like that
the only problem with this is you can't
hang 10 anymore
what straight up I'm out guys okay guys
obviously I'll do my best to film this
I'm not very experienced with filming in
the water and all I have screws go for
us to work with but we're gonna have a
great time
thanks for being here and got mad kill
my brother
my dad Jamie fair Brit it's gonna be fun
take your time yeah personal classes
we're gonna get
oh man that was awesome that was super
whoo
Robin huh your nerd yeah 600 mil we got
to see what it looks what are you
waiting on do come on show them your
face just really sunscreened up it looks
oh I've been I've been like a tomato
alright guys first of all thank you so
much that was amazing man thank you
thank you now now tell me what you're
doing okay so basically we got this
giant 16 inflatable board that we talked
about a little while ago huh we're gonna
hook it up to the truck we're gonna blow
it up we're gonna get the whole crew on
the board remember all of us at once
everyone Bowl of us on one way for
family and look what he shipped over
here guys you know how I have the cable
machine check his out you shipped it
over here because tomorrow we're doing
some crazy stuff out in the ocean with a
zipline yeah Pam excitement oh my gosh
dude this is a huge surfboard I got I
got uh I don't know what Jamie's doing
but I'm gonna film it just in case
wait for the sub Squatch to fill up this
thing is huge dude that's gonna be
awesome
dude that was amazing like you know bass
thank you guys we're gonna go get some
food hungry you guys hungry starving
alright look at this rig this is like
the rig oh that was so much for nothing
looks so funny on top of that kid
you did incredible personal surf lessons
from Jamie O'Brien which what an awesome
experience man like it is fun sometimes
to be the fan like I really have been a
fan for a long time and it's just so
cool to get to just do something fun and
personal like very personal with
somebody that yeah you know you watch
and you enjoy watching it was awesome
definitely definitely check his channel
out guys he's been working very hard on
it and he is just a fun dude he's like I
don't know I feel like he's like the
Hawaiian version of me
we're the same exact age I don't know
he's like the tropical version of me and
he's professional or something like he's
a pro surfer kid so he he's actually
good at something so definitely check
him out man it would be awesome let him
know I said yeah we are starving we're
gonna go back to see the kids I'll get
changed go get some food and from there
I'm just not sure like we're just
leading up to Friday leading up to that
big moment the wedding
guys guys boys it is day 4 day 4 time be
tickin finger-lickin chicken yep you
guys do know somebody young fun and wide
I mean I'm just chillin you know over
the day four guys Jamie has some new
toys and some different things that
we've never ever experienced or even try
are you gonna try this you're gonna try
to to get up on this thing I mean Amy oh
they got him we're covered all that oh
they've been hooking it up with Kara
it's boys it's kind of a boy's moment
right now we've got the boys Dale's got
his boys and we were headed Jamie
brought some there's some new toys and
we're gonna go out and just have some
fun with that starting off our day with
that and then from there we'll see what
happens but uh we don't know what's
gonna happen that's where we're at right
now guys thanks for joining us and let's
go have some fun I don't know what to
expect
well we found the right spot let's do
this dude look this way perfect sunny
this way holy cow not sure what this
beach is called first time here Jamie
and the guys are set up with the winch
down here and it's nice and flat the
idea was to find a flat beach so that we
could try to ride some ridiculous stuff
and this looks perfect Jamie's out there
right now boys way out here oh my yeah
yeah you made it look easy this is
ridiculous
where's the cross yeah you made it look
good how many times did it take to be
able to stand up on that I've been doing
for a long time yeah or it's your
professional Whomper dude no it's all
luck and speed okay and said you like
speed so like I do so Jamie's mounted
Crocs to wom purse basically like tiny
boogie boards anybuggy bars and you try
to stand on oh man how many times you've
done the splits how do you only want to
know what just happened just that so we
brought you guys some some goggles that
make you appear intoxicated and you can
try to sing like heel to toe try to walk
this line over here can't even see the
lon
there we go test number one so Dale
brought these goggles that just messed
with your vision completely thought it'd
be fun to try to ski surf ride in the
water with the goggles on and see if you
can perform but it's hard to even walk
mom and dad in there this is like kind
of like the stuff where you just got to
do it one the goggles well I guess with
one the lens works is like one eye right
so if you close one eye it doesn't work
is good not as good but yeah this is
this is the premise of the goggles all
right it doesn't look as good through
the camera but you can see how warped
everything is you know your camera's big
when you got another camera mounted to
your camera that's that's an epic red
inside there you ever worried about it
leaking you ever watched whose Joby he
this what's your name again I'm Jase
Jase has filmed all the episodes with on
the first
it's nice good time it's great to meet
you man all right Jamie what you think
is gonna happen
what you think dad you get up on that no
I could not try not even a Jim you're
not gonna try there's no way
come on dude I know you can do the
surfboard maybe you try that maybe all
right I'm gonna give a shot as soon as
it's my turn
it looks very challenged and you're on
two little boards like you ever seen
people ski barefoot I imagine it's a
much easier version of that but it's
still such a little surface area I'm
just gonna lean back hard let the cord
just pull him out he's going again he's
going again no he's good
right you're kind of like like right
here and then you're using this to
balance and then just kind of pop it up
you're just like just stand right up and
you're you're on just that easy
okay that was absolutely challenging
thank you for that coming to Maui tip
the winch for us like went out of his
way for this to happen and that was way
harder than I thought it would be a man
I knew it looked easy from you guys but
getting up there it's a challenge man
it's weevil wop
that was awesome my lips are raw I'm
sunburned I'm baked
I'm crispy I got wedding in two days I'm
gonna be like a peeling zombie by the
time I have to kiss my beautiful girl
huh you did incredible I did way better
than I thought really good I was I had
to be out for at least 10 minutes Oh at
least I realized I was almost at the
beach I'm like I gotta bail yeah I
didn't fall in bail Dale so I don't know
if we can get the boys on anything but
it looks like they're having a blast on
their own look at these guys you guys
building a what oh my god I'm gonna go
back to where I was you guys keeping
sunscreen on no let me see you better
keep a bunch right there I'm messing
around man I just covered myself in
screen I know I looked ridiculous but I
am so red this point maybe I shouldn't
even fuck something's in my foot company
my mother goes Jaime look at this
background it's ridiculous man that's
not a why oh here he goes
packing up obviously had a blast dude
thanks for all your time and your your
toys and your crew all the full shots
that you've seen these guys providing
all that footage for us thank you guys
all the koushin get me up on these guys
taking me out it was awesome it's such a
good time we're gonna split up for now
gonna link up later see you soon dude
that was awesome man you guys have fun
this great dude I can't give all the
credit you can the guys chasers out
there with the drone and you said he
said it's good well I mean there's ah
awesome times man I can't get enough of
this play I really can't I can just lose
the stuffiness puppy in a 10 I don't
know what's my face of light know is
that peeling jakela Oh bringing the boys
up here look at this dude Oh Pringle man
let's go Wow Wow so if you guys have
seen the very first time Brittany and I
ever came to Hawaii Maui just by
ourselves we stopped at this outlook and
then we climbed down this trail and we
went all the way down to those rocks I
don't even know what video that is but
we thought when I got here I remembered
that her and I went down there is for
like I don't know if we did it for some
I don't remember but we've been here
high school spa alright pretty cool
that's top hotel motel holiday inn
alright guys we are I'm back at the
hotel Brittany and Kane and all the
girls went shopping so they're still out
there gonna take Noah down grab a little
food and uh yeah I don't really know
what's going on I'm just so concerned
about my insane sunburn
I literally already see peeling one
right here my face is up all the way
shaved like nine oh it was bad but I'm
seeing like some skin inch right here
it's not it's not good man not good so
me and the boys
- Kane came wanted to go with them but
uh they're still out so I think Mia
knows who's gonna head down grab a bite
I'm some cold drink and uh it's
continued guys I can't thank you enough
for being a part of our family and
everything we always do man thank you so
much let's continue
okay the birds are very aggressive very
aggressive boys left their plates
unmanned real quick so he's kind of a
rule of thumb around here you don't
leave your plate on guard as soon as you
walk away the birds look at him look at
him dude II don't care you don't all boy
if you leave your food if you leave your
plate burns will shoot like we all got
up right now they would swarm this table
and take it so fast and enjoy that bird
do on your pizza
just consider it Ranch Dressing : you
gotta sit in your chair you have to
guard your food oh you gotta go
you better cover that plate Papa Bear
old crew just came out look smarter than
you we are by her to tell but we are
smarter look at him all they want it I'm
gonna offer my friend yo if they all
team up they can buy flip the plate over
hit the noodles just for vlog purposes
who's the bravest who's the bravest of
them all there's everybody
Keener's I see my lady Cora and Britt
but I have ladies now I'm cornbread
what's talking about yours get out of
here is there a rainbow corn I'm looking
at a rainbow right now looks like
there's my stroller hey mommy come here
girl is this yours
oh I like her
she's always hot mom yeah you have a
good day no way
alright well we got the fam that
everyone's back together sweet
you want some shopping huh I'm shopping
huh nice loudmouth McGee there's the
rainbow mmm they weren't kidding about
the whole rainbow day you see it Hara
where's the rainbow car you see the
rainbow look at the rainbow she's not
yeah like we're all locked out of our
room I gave my key but the key didn't
work so much waiting don't shoot
she might be having as much fun as this
hallway as anything a bunch of cuckoo
birds man of course looking at you I was
wrong with him what all right
oh my goodness what are you guys making
the great wall of sand it's not gonna
block the first wave well I like the
pyramid dude you are like it job guys
all right guys well one thing that I
haven't done on this trip that I
normally overdo in the videos is a
little a little fish action a little
snort a little underwater exploration
one of my favorite things to do and I
just haven't done it so I'm gonna jump
right here in this Beach with my head
chef I have my camera right you for
jumping in let's chase garnish
okay I'm gonna go find us some fishies
all right maybe even a sea turtle for
your life
alright guys I got what I could get out
there for now but look at this with the
sailboat in the Sun ready
it just looks unreal a moment ago the
sailboat was right under the Sun and it
looked like something out of a movie or
like a like a really long vlog alright
that's cool
look at that beauty beauty yeah let's
see it you guys pull sim in it bowls in
all right let's see it just blew your
shirt up it's like their ankles break as
soon as I hit the water sir oh the fun
you have a good time yeah your hair
matches your shorts looks cool
we love Hawaii I know we should move
here with your computer so you ready to
do this big thing in two days yeah two
days away tomorrow we can say tomorrow
tomorrow tomorrow sleepy Pizza time it's
official guys we did it
we are peeling look at that crap oh I
knew it was coming I mean I knew it was
gonna happen I'm a real man
I'm busting out Britney's good stuff
Moshe I never put stuff on my face
everything my whole life anything I put
on my face I break out I bring it I mean
I look terrible right now I mean better
we'll see what happens family's about to
come over we'll have a little dinner
probably get ready to call it a day and
just relax together a little bit and
yeah dude Holy Smoke nice to start
blogging from like here it says less
here we go
I start walking from here that's a good
spot and then I know hey I look good
from here like like from back here you
know right
Park it in the night
and thank you guys so much for watching
this video man it's been so fun making
it's a little choppy it's a little
choppy that's a good turn for this
island it's a little it's a little weird
it's it's not like um you guys know
where we do the normal 90-minute movie
long vlog we put the nice b-roll on the
and then like nice sequences and it it
flows a little smoother than I think
this one has but overall it's been fun
just filming and capturing some memories
capturing some fun and of course so you
know line up that big weddings I'm
pumped I'm so excited and tired okay I
want to show you how jacked up my
cameras look how red I am right this
house looked I'm like I'm not that red
like my camera scream with you okay
watch my hand is gonna change everything
maybe maybe hey I gotta cut it okay see
my face color now golden brown baby
not even red like a nice tan some reason
why I put my hand up I switch it it
makes me tan and not read so uh back to
her see you watched it right there now
look I'm looking on my blowin fireball
you see if you look around yeah you do
it red see I read my faces or not
terrible
alright guys welcome to day 5 we are
bringing I what's up man beats our last
day last day
it's our last day tomorrow we officially
get married and we're actually we're on
a rescue mission right now my mom and
dad just text us said their car broke
down
she told me where they're at and I said
Roman knows right where we are so I
think I remember exactly where they are
but their cars broke down so we're going
to get my mom and dad kind of a weird
way to start doesn't matter it happens
here so we're on our way I have no idea
what today is gonna be like we kind of
want to just get to the wedding even
even this morning I was like we want to
film that I just want to get to the
wedding or you'll get there so this is
it for now here's the stragglers you
want to ride two bags yeah guys thumb in
for a run too bad we're just gonna park
right in this hole well right in this
hole this is the chicken place remember
halloa your see any chickens down here
oh it's one right there that dinner
right there that's why II just have no
predators oh all their babies no way you
see the babies they are dude oh man
there's so many chickens nothing that
there's no predators here things are
just safe this place is so awesome and
it's like avatar in here it's like the
chickens go up in the trees which always
blows my mind looks like they're like
building a trail now what happens just
everywhere literally everywhere trying
to go up and say hi to the babies I bet
that I bet that mama used to be mad
that's a good mom that's a good mother
protected from you too look at the
little the little one right there you
can already see it oh don't Britt
you're asking for it Britt you are
asking for it mama ain't playing okay
we're gonna go check out look at this
bridge is just big enough for one huh oh
geez Britt do you know the name of the
beach Ironwood speech okay we're going
there right now because we have to
decide where we want our stuff for the
wedding tomorrow it kind of cool kind of
needy right this breakdown brought us
all together so uh who said that drop
him off no this is an aunt I just want
to get a shot of this we come here and
every time we come to Maui and it's like
this little walk off right here and you
can come down here to the rocks down
here and you can walk but look at the I
doubt the camera does justice but it's
it's gorgeous
it's amazing perfect this place is a
smile maker man all right so this is
supposedly the walking down right now to
the actual beach and we'll be getting
married on and be honest have you even
seen pictures of this place yeah well
this'll be it baby less than 24 hours
we're gonna do it right here right where
there's no buddy
that's gonna be our spot actually
there's a little wedding one on there
now it looks like probably our group
right there that's gonna be us
Nate more looking into the future that
may be you ready for this party pony
excited there's barely room there's
barely time to turn Matt my guess is
this is final no it's even better is
that both of our faces waited till today
to start peeling so tomorrow I may just
lose my cheeks and my nose all right
well that got me uh we're getting
married like that that's like we just
finalized the final step
definitely excited are you nervous are
we gonna have one of those pass out
videos or like I just think on the beach
just the break
romanette woods final prank was a prank
I just I just jump onto a dolphin and I
skip across the room and you need to
come out with two versions of this you
know why one is the prank and that it's
the real yeah it would have been a
really mean one guy who's that okay so
we've we've come back to our room we're
about to go a little bit Britney looks
ten times better than me my shirts all
wrinkled
I'm a mess yeah is this this you're
going out hose look at the tan lines
girl you don't and hey it looks better
me come on that see that's just that's
just a team right there I do
I know guilty Cora are you picking out
oh that's nice buddy whoo hey you gonna
be fine oh okay hoorah gimme five whoo
double trouble I'm just trying to get
some camera time with my girl you should
do that thing with those break it up by
the doorway and you disappear well let's
try it I was gonna do that the other day
with her but I I forgot
dad that way all right Brett Pizza time
there's no Brit loss pizzas in tonight's
the night Pizza it up just brought gifts
there you go hey it's on me
what's it smell like
why'd you actually wear it tonight was
it safe bridezilla easy bro
it's not over it's not over yet don't
blow it bro
don't blow it well everybody knows now
right so this is the famous deep-dish
Lahaina pizza is everything you dreamed
of what'd you guys think
okay I think you come here every time
we've come to Maui
which is
we've always come here and I'm eating a
calzone never tried one here but I've
had the pretty much okay go what was
that
yo I thought that was like I'd literally
thought you liked your finger snap this
is our last our fifth day we kind of
wanted to just get to that sixth day
that's our wedding day and it's
literally tomorrow actually it's less
than it's like right here guys it's
crazy so we're gonna just bounce the
wedding day I'm excited I'm really
excited
all right guys it's officially the
wedding day and like I called it my
whole face peeled off this morning I do
I look like Rudolph
no look like Rudolph dude I'm literally
glow look at my nose dude get in on that
do you think that came I'm hurt and dude
hurt and so um girls men get ready
forever we're getting ready now I don't
really know what to Sam I'm so excited
though going crazy right now
I'm sure Britt is too like I wish I
could see her haven't seen her so wait
for a walk out on that beach baby yeah
you guys I'm gonna get dressed I'm gonna
do the kids hair and we're gonna walk
out dude we're going right out of here
this is started off let's put the buckle
in the rear
oh you mean just straight black I flip
the buckle yeah look at that
thank you only I could only do this in
Hawaii I can only wear this annoy okay
let's shut up pineapples too long I
actually owe you Clark okay we just
gotta get this belt figured out and then
get my kids and my hair done and we're
out of here
so I'm gonna attempt to flip my buckle
I've never done this before but I have
my belt I just I don't know it's the
only build I haven't doesn't look good I
want to try to just go black okay hair
is good no approve did I get the back
yeah yeah yeah okay let me get you in
Kayne only who has some more sand in
their hair me or you we are beach
bombing Oh No
whoa all right family this is it we're
going in we're going in well one thing's
for sure it is hot in Hawaii baby we're
gonna be sweating by the time we get
this done on the beach how cool you get
to go to wedding with no shoes that's
legit yeah look at these giant quois
holy smokes oh never mind
amber to the rescue we are on the move
we just got an uber got my main man
right here my bro up front you got that
ring ring baby who's got that we lose
that final thoughts I'm just so excited
to officially do it so get the cake
there is gonna be cake after this we
undo our beach the wedding and then
after that we get to go play beach
like we're gonna get married on the
beach and then from there we will go
somewhere else with like cake and stuff
don't get cool that's gonna be awesome
you ready to begin now once I get all my
flowers and everything I'm just gonna
cry
okay so just yesterday we were walking
down to just scope this beach out and
now we're here to officially do it this
is it this is the final lot and I have
never seen Brittany and her dress at all
so I'm so excited to see her turn this
corner in like 20 minutes probably slow
motion yeah I mean we can do that for
them definitely yeah I don't know we're
gonna do our best I'm not gonna be
vlogging chases running around with his
camera so whatever we get we get I don't
know
so I'm actually kind of nervous
butterflies right now you got
butterflies this is exciting I know it
is give me five dudes awesome yeah dude
boom yeah here we go you still got the
ring right all right
Roman shoes are so cool the
photographer's taking pictures of them
there's chase that's the signal that
we're getting really close let's go tell
we're getting really close it's getting
closer omen Congrats yeah dude Romans
getting instructions right now they're
pretty pretty detailed horns and
everything welcome welcome welcome
or no Nacala kawaki no it came
and would give it away this lovely bride
and you are thank you so much
may all your hearts be glad and made the
both of your spirits be light for we are
here today to help celebrate the uniting
and marriage of you Brittany and you
Roman it is a journey that started the
first time you guys both of you sat eyes
on each other fell in love
learned how to respect each other found
ways to make each other happy and tickle
each others so and gave a lot of thought
and reference which brought you here to
this place called Paradise so Roman take
her lay it over her shoulders you make a
wish we can rub foreheads rub noses but
if you want to have her real Mike I aim
a hollow a lie
that is great Lord as you stand here in
the present of all friends and family we
ask for your blessing upon this couple
as they enter in
left their days together be happy and
all their words to each others be sweet
though their paths are intertwined
let them be aware of each other's
separateness left their homes
and allow it to be a place of joy and
serenity
each other's body with love honor and
respect and as they learn from each
other they grow stronger as individuals
and culture
Matt please repeat after me Brittany
from this day on work you be my wife
lift together
and laughs she's got that
work by your side
dream your heart
to fill your heart
and feed your soul to always seek out
back
to play with you
whenever I day
even as we grow old always love you
with all my heart
and forever from this day onward I
choose you Roman
to be my husband
this
and laugh
work by your side
breathe your arm
to film your far
your tone
- always about that
you'll play with you
even
always
with all my heart
meet after me at the same time
in going and growing in this line I
promise to love you even when you drive
me crazy when we do this Factory
to help and assist you if bad times come
our way
- always
I'm grateful
in my life
you
never walk alone
Brittany and
at this time by the powers given
but I just truly have the honor to call
you or the first time husband and wife
ladies and gentlemen I would like to
introduce to you for the first time mr.
and mrs.
Cory
your home
what is that what is a sleepy girl what
is that my end that's really good
what is it always remembers oh my gosh
there we go I can kind of see you guys
where the Atwoods we're the outward Oh
your double-fist in the bread huh you
got over here like a boo over here with
your loaf of bread
you want bread well booth split his in
half wait allowed and split it in half
for a boo it's my baby girl she been so
tired it's like dad you're in the way
that thing no she is not giving me
nothing today no trick me with the
blanket yesterday although at the beach
she did point and she won but she got to
you she was like I know you know why cuz
Nana's bedtime look this girl looks like
a friggin angel are we doing messy cake
or we don't like from but we're like
goofy people you want to really be
professional about this this is awesome
this little spot they said it look we
both got him now actually I'm not
wearing mine I've been paddling so lose
I got it in my wallet though keep it
right here sorry I believe you do you
don't have to look now look now we're
clink bros now you can draw them on the
top of your roof chipping paint Britt
there's our case we get a focus on oh
there it is mr. and
says is it miss or misses I don't know
mrs. mr. mrs. Ella there you go
looks just like us what do I kiss she
cut it or I got a week on it you can
take together so you should both hold
their okay and then I would just cut
down for those real flowers I thought
those were enemies that's a good night
less you can smear on each other
good job two pieces decided that they're
supposed to eat it eat it
you can move together and she gives you
put it in I just want to make sure she
got it father/daughter all right forget
I'm not here just ignore me
you keep me out of this kids are all
married off
look at this beautiful land guys up just
had cooler at the pool we all grabbed a
quick little nap I got Noah
I got Cain we got the toys it's your hat
see your hat we are house to its massive
house up on the hill we are up it's
officially our last day here in Maui and
on the way back it's all on your side
you got a great view of these rocks we
got we got my parents my brother his
family and then chase in their family
all follow on us we got a little train
going on and we're going on a little bit
of entry if you guys remember last time
we came here we went to this an insane
blowhole that just shoots the ocean
right out of its body Britney was
pregnant at the time so she with Cora
and she did not get to come and came too
and get to come either it's kind of
adventure Noah and I did so we're taking
everybody including Britain Kane to the
blowhole which is unbelievable how's it
feel to be married married lady what do
you think I don't think it's kicked in
yet
we eat breakfast and she's like I got
your husband on there and then she
walked away and she's like did you
notice she said husband I was like I'm
just so used to everyone called us
married before I know it's official
feels great it feels good
my lips are probably I got a ring on now
so let's head to the famous blow
look at that beautiful view my dad so
you remember coming here huh it was cool
Wow look at this view
wow wow wow wow wow I think I'm gonna
lose my head on this trip the wind just
keeps sucking it right on my head I hope
I don't either
yo this is so awesome this is like half
the fun is the adventure getting to the
blowhole there's all these this is like
the wish rocks people stack them up and
then if you put a rock on that rock then
this person's wish comes true so whoever
put that one made that one's come true
or they were just stacking rocks for fun
but they're all over check it out let's
see right now you can't wish to get
married now you got this alright well
got the whole family out here it is so
windy that doesn't translate because the
my camera has the wind screens on it but
it is you see it yeah that's pretty cool
huh look at these trails man matted by
humans look at this place guys look at
this place holy cow Hawaii is so
beautiful
it's so pretty so I am always curious
and how these rocks are made I mean look
at this day it's just been cut out by
wind and water it's just sitting you
ready climb down just got to keep
climbing this is awesome like as far as
he's talking about like beauty this is
it this is so pretty
it doesn't help that it's you know sunny
blue skies blue waves the waves are
rocking down here my beautiful wife my
wife just sinking in just want to say if
you're watching this point in the video
thank you so so much this is a very long
vlog this is uh we call our movie vlogs
and yeah so if you're still watching we
know you watch us and you follow us and
you're here with our family it's amazing
so let's go check this whole out it's
it's really blowing of course my
family's up in the water what do you
think of this dude a lot bigger that's
it look at Dale a little too help my mom
and dad Conrad Noah you gonna go get wet
alright family everybody say cheese when
that water blows when that water a
soaking wet dogs over there boom we're
gonna wait and watch my family get
pounded here
boom I almost lost my blog camera on
that one doll these fish all these fish
get blown up out of this blowhole may
land in this water Wow so there's all
kinds of fish in here I'll try to
capture some here's one little lawnmower
blennies right there it's on the rock
right there look at this one ready holy
cow oh my gosh I love this scene right
here my dad and Kane how cool man
okay leave these boys back here this is
the angry side right here these big
swells roll in and just pound this wall
and go up true I'll say this do not want
to be in there that is an eater Army has
a washing machine right there man it's
angry
the famous wait what is that the famous
heart heart rock kinda yeah there it is
that's awesome
I feel like if you were making a movie
about being on Mars or some other
planets where you come film it the
terrain is rough it's tough it's hard to
move play that's a Mars Rock right there
now we hike up you like back up and I
think we might go to a beach to the
one-and-only where we were married and
do some like wave there's like there was
like waves will try to ride maybe we
made it good job that's awesome
Oh ice water attack ice water attack oh
your steel
all right getting at you getting out you
guys gone you going to eat beat your mom
I'm unloaded we unloading baby ain't no
time to eat I'm just kidding you can eat
if you want to eat thanks buddy push all
right I got it I got it
we're it's gonna drop a couple of us off
here at the beach I'm gonna check out
the water they're gonna all grab some
food they're hungry okay Connor I can
catch this wave stand up Conrad yeah
that's awesome
gotta get Kane out there
can't you going out all right buddy hold
on all right Kane's heading out for a
wave if you've never I haven't been able
to get Kane out there but for some
reason he just saw Conrad to it and now
he's like day he'll take me so I'm
pumped to watch it let's see if he gets
away
dude you rocked it dude give me five
that was amazing and you just
single-handedly inspired Kane whoo you
got this buddy you got this buddy oh
yeah here we go here we go Kane's first
wave ever uncle day ah maybe not maybe
not maybe I got excited I got excited if
he gets it I think they get this one I
think they get this on money going out
round two Oh
this might be it
we can turn around no all right here we
go here we go come on Kay nurse
come on Kay NORs you've got this this is
your wave boy we go stand up that's good
job and him waves are smashing you out
there what's up dude
okay I don't know why he took us out
well first of all he found my camo hat
on the highway last year they say it's
super random store you can go back to
the vlogs if you want to watch it but
yeah dude what's up man so long and he
just brought it brought us a wedding
gift you want to open it let's check it
out see what it is all right it said
it's a turtle made out of coconut yeah I
love coconut I love turtles yeah this is
awesome
I love the flowers already has a hanger
as a pizza good beat things through in
know Brit Rob got pizza but rock rock
pizza and we're heading gonna tell him
I'm I'm officially a little bit crashed
out
I am so times like the first one out of
the water I just sat on the beach and
yeah I don't know I think the week is
catching up to me you're already wearing
me out babe my back though tell all
right pause back to the future pause it
Oh either my they bring wedding gifts
more wedding gifts you guys made this
yourself oh you guys wrapped it in
banana peppers you were the one tearing
down the tree out there hanging it up
are you serious that was made yo its arm
B come up with an Ohana is family yeah
so it's the Atwood Maui and the date we
got married
R&B for Roman and Britney
dang they're really good at that's got
to go over our aquarium now we got two
things for our aquarium one from Harold
and one you guys it has to really it's
beautiful thank you guys
it's way too small to surf on so I'm
gonna have to hang it carved in what's
called infinity wood so it lasts forever
hi baby
is that the airplane is that the big
airplane Cora
yeah you love it before we left she was
just pointing this draft
she loves that was a long trip we made
it on a long trip you little trooper you
did so good I know let's go get out of
here you recognize this place little
trooper doing such a long trip where is
he where's doggie
where's donkey too good what a trip well
guys we are back home back to the clouds
back to Ohio there is so much that I
want to show you and get caught up on
but I think we'll save that for a
different video thank you guys from the
bottom of my heart for supporting my
family and I for supporting the long
vlogs of the movies for being a part of
everything that we do and and being so
patient during the the gaps that it
takes to make these videos we love you
so much
I cannot thank you enough for being a
part of our lives you are truly a
massive massive part of our lives you've
changed our lives forever thank you so
much we will see very soon we're gonna
be dropping a bunch of vlogs normal
vlogs 15 20 minute blogs in between the
next movies so we love you thank you
thank you thank you and we will see you
soon you're beautiful you are truly
one-of-a-kind smile more
