you ready ready ready shut it up hang on
I can't do that yet what do we have to
do what will it fall it fall it now what
good job nice now what
push it
put that up alright now we can drive
over here
here we go
guys welcome to the vlog me and my buddy
have been spending a lot of time in the
back yard if you missed yesterday's vlog
I'm gonna show you what we've been
working on but today we're gonna add a
couple things right and we've been doing
it as a team we've been doing it
together and so far everything we've
done has been me and you
whoo lift the bucket lift it
there you go you got so we gotta sit
home all right now back it up
now we're gonna turn this way this way
good job dump it
oh there we go
one more pile made we're gonna pack it
down and we have another Hill another
ramp I hope you guys are having an
awesome day man check this out we just
made this giant pile now we'll shape it
we'll pack it and then we've basically
added it to our like seven yeah and this
is pretty cool
I was a kid all the way up until my late
teenage years this is all I did except I
don't have a bobcat I had just shovels
and friends who would hand dig ramps for
our bikes since it's for the quad slash
bikes I kind of make them not very steep
just fun you're making mud balls hey
this is all I used to do as a kid man I
would come out my dad's backyard and
just start building ramps it's some
serious clay right here it's like the
real deal it's gonna be a really good
one Kane's quad is actually perfect for
packing because it's got these tires
that doesn't eat up the track Peck's all
the clay down perfect
packing it in
whoo
okay so since the last clip the one that
I just showed you out of the dirt - now
do you notice anything different
anything see your eyebrows huh maybe I
shave I shake a beard I got a beard
going it yet I was shaving like two
weeks nobody even noticed what is that
it's a protectant seat from Kane's
Carson protect the seat from the Carson
oh I get it so we got some family coming
over today smile or baby smile more we
got some family coming over in just a
little bit we're gonna run out and get
something that I need to get up and want
to get and what did you just open the
trash can dude huh what yours doing over
the house man come on oh I came a little
barn so you having a little zoo little
zoo animals I know you're beautiful - oh
you're pretty - and much rigor my
favorite fish in the whole world
what's up baby look how beautiful that
is art that is artwork man look at that
fish what is that pregnancy Bible
pregnancy Bible everything you need to
know don't you have these books from
naked girls it's the nose dude it's an
eye and that's a nose yeah no yeah
animal the whole baby thing to me is
just it's insane what in the heck you
eatin a mommy's new car
yeah running into town a real quick no
way how are you feeling like you've been
so exhausted when cane when we found out
that she was pregnant with cane that's
how we found out Brittany was tired at
living 6 p.m. every night like she was
out cold like 6 p.m. are like
something's up if you watch yesterday's
vlog I told you there's a big new
special character coming to smiling this
is our first big new this will be our
first giant influence or a good friend
of mine that is joining smiling I'm so
excited so I'm going to show you right
now because if you play smiling it's
available right now the character and
the game completely free you paying
nothing for the game and you pay nothing
for the character so here you go
are you ready guys I'm so excited to
announce my good friend Logan Paul
joining smile Inc his bird is fully
animated Logan does the splits he dabs
he does all the Logan stuff so Logan
Paul right now is available in the game
for free you can play mucus head off you
can blow him up you can do everything
the Logan that you've been doing to
Brittany and I for the last two weeks so
go enjoy it have some fun send me some
funny get you guys been sending them
gifts we had over a hundred thousand
gifts to Twitter a hundred thousand
videos of you guys murdering smiling
characters thank you guys as always
again the game is free the characters
free go have some fun and show me some
funny videos we're heading in town I
gotta get something so dumb probably for
you guys but to me I just I want to get
it Brittany's taking me she's my
chauffeur weird you driving room and if
your girlfriend's so tired car sick
she will either get carsick or or
everyone yells at me for blowing I
driving with the kids and the family's
aw man I'm hanging out with two sleepy
birds too sleepy turds
really we had gym classes that's right
you did have gym classes warning the
decorations store everything you need to
decorate your house we just fast
Halloween which means Thanksgivings
coming everything is already Christmas
it's crazy
you'll make some Christmas trees tonight
what is this thing
time for a little art project tonight we
got family coming over mom and dad
brother kids bunch of people yeah but
what do you just paint I'm gonna what I
don't know is white it's styrofoam dude
that looks pretty bad I don't think it
looks as good as you think it's good no
hey they got these styrofoam ones and
you could like stick things in them yeah
you don't like it you hate it
look at these chairs you can erase the
floor
why does a pack of magnets look so fun
like I just want to buy a pack of
magnets really Kane dude you and the
kids can build Barbie dolls tonight yeah
Oh
mommy ah I think it mommy had feathers
that's the color they'd be like that
you'd be like one of them really pretty
colorful birds yeah but almost extinct
almost extinct though you'd be one of
them birthday huh uh maybe nice nice
nice can't go wrong you can't go wrong
with just the black frame right yeah I
think black is perfect this is great see
guess it's all I got that poster
yesterday for the two million downloads
in 48 hours and the poster is great but
it's all scratched up it's really bad
and I'm really proud of that poster it's
only gonna really clean nice one all
right now this is something I grew up
doing right here model rockets man this
was so fun I actually had this rocket
yeah I feel like mine was the Big Bertha
this is baby Bertha
maybe it was the baby Bertha dude have
you ever done rockets
in the basement really box dude these
are really fun boy Kane let's pick out a
rocket well since we're on the topic of
little babies look at little Brit when
she was young
look at this little book and it's
totally keen right there with long hair
the great look like a little princess is
Britt and her dad probably uh couldn't
be like five six years old right he'll
read they're like 11 12 it's gonna be a
different world with a baby and like
we're literally restarting again like a
whole new life bringing in a baby look
at this dude he's so big now really like
I'll help you I'll just get the wipes
though it's gonna be a beautiful night
Wow
there it looks brand-new as you guys
know we have this white Chevy Cruze that
we've had for a while
oh my gosh they got it so cleanly fully
detailed this car out we got it fully
detailed and clean it is so nice oh my
gosh because tonight we are giving this
car to my brother we are handing it to
him as a gift we're not charging him any
money we just want him to have the car
trunk don't work that's the only catch
you can have the car with the trunk door
how should work what do you mean what
cane it looks so nice should be there
should be a little pull cord like a
little pull cord in there yeah nice my
brother has been offering to buy this
car off of us forever like he just needs
a decent car to get from working back
like it like a nice work car he has
offered to buy it like a million times
we've just decided that tonight we're
gonna hand it to him for free and just
give it to him as a gift yep
nice so yeah another family gift we'll
keep it in the family and it'll get
it'll get used really well with Brit
getting her new car it's just silly to
have a perfectly good car sitting here
so keep it in the family what did you
take my key chains right you ain't
givin in them key chains baby you can
give him the car quickly we're gonna
exchange this frame for this frame and
it looks good on no it doesn't you see
all the scratches and scuffs and marks
and I don't know if ever told you guys I
have a little bit of OCD like that is
true and I like certain things I'm very
particular about someone to switch it
out with a clean frame and be good Plus
these frames were 50% off I'll pull this
off
paw off baby pull it off baby
get it cane get it run do is turn them
so you turn them like that you turn them
for me thanks dude push down it there
you go
uh-oh what do you mean uh-oh what's
supposed to do right is this bad idea
yeah I think so get out of here legit
look yeah you're not using that frame
you guys will just use that one
nice I got even better idea just use the
back of that for that no it doesn't work
that way yeah maybe it does
is that a fingerprint is that a finger
Pam oh my god we gotta go get back honey
we don't need a new frame it's on the
inside of the outside it's on the
outside okay little more to the right
color I wonder what your dad would say
let's just see what your dad would say
my brain would freak out if I saw it
like that like I couldn't my brain
doesn't love your brain seriously like
when I see that I'm like oh my god I
gotta fix it a level that's pretty close
no yeah without a level who knows right
that's pretty no you have a level on
your iPhone the level app I'm sure they
have it a lot kind of a piece now is it
ready ready whoever I'm gonna make fun
of me wha everyone this gift that says I
will wait for you and that's why because
I knew your I just want one light strip
that's that's the P oh that's too much
grab that grab it no just eat it
thank you grab that fat ass you're the
best
I have a super quick story for you guys
that kind of just blew my mind I want to
share it with you it wasn't even in the
vlog in fact it happened during the two
days I took off I went to this store
that had tons of precious moments if you
don't know what precious moments are
there like figurines porcelain ceramic
I'm not sure what they are but they're
Q&U you collect them I guess people
collect them I found one that I just had
to get Brittany like I was like I'm
gonna get this as a gift for you all
right I was trying to be sweet I was
trying to be sweet heart right so I get
her this I get her this right here and I
just thought it was just adorable it
made sense the storks deliver and the
baby and the it's called joy on arrival
all right so like there's a baby on the
way and I
so excited to give this to Brittany
right didn't film it wish I did because
my face was so good because Brittany
says well first of all she loved it but
then she said you but what was the story
you said like look what I got when Kane
was a baby look at this the exact same
one when you weren't born yet
this story's hard to explain because
there's hundreds and hundreds of these
figurines right I happen to pick the
exact and only one that Brittany owns
this same one look at that that's
literally it seems impossible if you
would have seen me in the store picking
the perfect one I was like no not that
one I like that one but not that one
that one right there you came and you
could write you know whatever our name
is for the next baby yeah Kane you were
in that bag I know when we had moved the
legs though superglue how did I miss out
on this whole ceramic thing or maybe
subconsciously I had seen that before
and that's why I was drawn to that I
don't know I don't know it's things like
that it's things like that I hate not
vlogging because we missed the memories
and then when I gave that to where my
face was just like crushed that she
already had it I know you love it but
you know what I mean
okay you're a chevy cruze no other info
on there with the hot dog keychain dude
I want the hot dog you can't give him
hot dog keychains
but there was one hole not only is this
the first car I've ever been given but
it's also the first Chevy I've ever
owned
boom thanks
I always loved that car I can't wait to
give it to you now we're both on now I'm
in third you're in second all the dude
he just had to friggin come out today
every time you guys know when a new Call
of Duty comes out it's the only time
Dale and I really sit down and play
games together it turns in the family /
game night for me and Dale tell them
what you want I do so bad since we've
been playing the VR a lot I only want to
play VR now so when I play a game like
Call of Duty I'm like it's so flat it's
kind of I want to be in it I want to be
the soldier I want to be the guy running
around I know it's coming so soon
imagine baby went up on the soldier when
I'm the soldier we're just hanging out
kids are goofing off that's playing
pinball I'm literally laying on baby
foosball there's no family's here and
can't beat that can't beat that with a
ridiculous thick I can't break your soul
away it's past eight years why is this
so red it's like really red what I'm
really trying I know the vlogs are super
long but I really am just trying to film
more just normal stuff like like
yesterday we were we just playing a
little foosball game and I just I left
the camera rolling and just like like
those are the memories right there like
that's really what I want to watch in
the future and I'm always you know I'm
always stuck with well they're gonna get
bored or watching that or their game
they're not gonna like that or and I I
just I'm stuck right in the middle so
I'm trying to entertain you at the same
time I'm trying to create you know
future memories for me and my family so
uh thank you guys for being at the end
of these vlogs man I love it so much we
will see you tomorrow I'm vlogging
tomorrow and yeah baby blog two in a row
I love you guys man thank you for the
continuous support through thick and
thin you're always here and I just
I don't know what to say you're
everything to us you beautiful you're
one of a kind don't forget to check out
Logan's the new character there's some
new game updates there's lots of new
stuff in the game it's free I'll leave
in the description other than that
thanks for watching
you're beautiful keep your head up don't
let nobody tell you can't do something
anybody that tells you that he's
probably the person that knows that they
can't do it it's kind of weird to think
about but it's true learn from your
mistakes become the better version of
who you are I love you
you're beautiful you're one of my kind
smile more
you
