ready to tell me yeah you're ready to do
this
a hundred percent um should be you
should be asking me I'm the one that's
like we should wait and you're like
let's tell them no I think - no well
guys I don't think Brittany and I
expected to start today's vlog like this
today last night actually this morning
was confirmed but last night we found
out that Brittany is officially finally
pregnant yeah is it upside down yep oh
right it's so disgusting two lines
whether it's light or not means pregnant
oh there's a funny story about this she
takes a pregnancy test last night and
well this happened did you already take
it pick it really excited I would be so
happy if you were okay yeah yeah isn't
there two lines so she took the test the
test was negative we were like man we've
had so many negative time so mentally
like wait no you're pregnant like you
know we were like gonna be pregnant but
the test was negative him like I well
maybe you'll take another one in the
morning and it'll be different we just
we've had so many negative tests that we
were like maybe you're just not pregnant
so we put in the movie last night in
about ten minutes later she went to the
bathroom and she yelled for me and I was
like what like what I went and took the
pregnancy test out of the trash to send
my friend and picture and it was
positive
yes the test was negative
right she put it in the trash can we
left she came back the test now was
positive which means it took time way
longer than three five minutes or
whatever no we only waited like one
minute we were kind of impatient so it's
negative we do this all the time
whatever it was in the trash
well I look at it really or like it with
that within the first and then I was
like they stayed away at three minutes
I pulled it out just to look I was gonna
send a picture to my friend it has to it
has to its glue even hours since that
last clip guys metaphor Hanna got my
camera so is your arm release according
to according to that test you are we
really I hope you are so much just away
but that's a good sign
right oh my god so much of that festive
so accurate I'll be so happy oh my god I
don't know why I'm still blogging I
guess this is if she is a huge like
shocking moment and then this morning
she takes another test which also comes
up positive she called her doctor she
thinks it's about four weeks four weeks
pregnant which is awesome because that's
one month that we can scratch off so the
cell obviously so early so early super
early and probably too early to be
sharing with anybody like III personally
wanted to wait a little bit but we also
wanted to tell family and I had to film
family and if I film family I have no
vlog unless I showed it so here we are
sharing our most intimate part of our
life with you right now I'm so excited
seriously so what did we do today all we
did was went from house to house from
family member to family member
sharing this news and I'd like to share
that with you right now
alright now so I've been trying to
figure out a way all day to tell you
this
but yesterday we thought I want a park
why yesterday we found out that Brittany
is pregnant you don't really mean why
don't you believe me
because I saw what would you see not
really anything but no I don't see
anything I don't know you don't believe
me in like that I'm trying to dad that
you can't trust dude I'm not kidding
this is not a joke oh yeah yeah that's
when we found out when she called me in
the bathroom yesterday so you may have a
sister or a brother we don't know you
want a sister
so get ready get ready
put the safes on your door lock up the
computers I'm just a shock dude I'm
really just a shot
what are you thinking right now for the
history books what are you thinking so
that's it did are you excited
oh no like everyone that has a sisters
and be like no don't ask for a sister we
don't know what we're having it's spooky
happy Halloween hi Louie hey Louie
what's up dude here's our old cat sneaky
this is our old kitty we found out last
night like and confirmed it yeah we
wanted to like wait wait but then we
just decided she peed on a stick that's
what I said yeah but yeah but then I was
like be on a pregnancy test like joke
about that oh yeah just kidding I was
just a prank bro I mean pretty soon I'm
gonna have a lot more clothes well I
mean we're gonna have baby clothes why
are you serious when we told her about
the first baby I got put the choke roll
that's her ring so oh yeah so maybe just
maybe we'll have one of those a little
girl I know she's she's like my Six
Senses in full gear and yeah I know what
you're gonna say coming over here we
both said Kat if anybody would know it's
Kathy yeah
so you know that her text says she has
something for us I'm like it's a
positive pregnancy hey what's going on
what he done I I wanted to call and uh
well you're one of the first people that
will know but uh looks like I'm having a
baby with you did
yeah yeah we just found out last night
who are you calling on snapshot you know
who I was for trick-or-treat a monster
giant you want to see the monster do you
know what Britney was for trick-or-treat
pregnant she's pregnant
what's Roman doing we reloaded she's
giving a baby you know what they need a
new little best friend
yeah I really found out yesterday you
know we have something to tell you
are you excited oh you want daddy to
tell you so in about eight months you're
gonna have a little brother or sister
how do you know there's a baby in here
mommy's gonna have a baby right now
there's baby there right now it's gonna
start getting bigger and bigger bigger
and bigger and bigger and bigger and pop
do you hear anything this is it baby
singer name not a little sister what if
you have a little sister
you can dress her up like a boy help me
change diapers oh that's really nice
buddy can take a while to grow into him
but I'm pretty sure he or she's gonna
love it
what do you guys think boy or girl that
is a serious question that's going
through my head right now Kane is saying
boy only I don't know I don't I don't
have any mental thoughts of what it will
be I don't know I wouldn't mind a little
girl
well guys that is going to do it for our
vlog thank you so much for being a part
of our life and our family this is uh
this is something absolutely huge for us
to be putting on the internet this early
into her pregnancy and it's just it's so
much so thanks for being here and
there's really no reason to exclude you
guys at this point you're a part of our
daily life so this is our life and guys
we love you so so much thank you for
pushing us to 10 million we're almost
there share any vlog that you can with
friends family anybody really it just
helps so much get it yeah yeah we will
see you guys tomorrow leave in the
comments today boy or girl what do you
think we'll have what do you want us to
have that's it we'll see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile
you
