welcome to the vlog baby and biscuits
jelly and biscuits just the healthy
stuff for my fam don't eat the met
that's fine thank you
monsters don't eat the mail lady do you
have to pull out of your mouth hope you
guys are having an awesome day today is
like I just want to get a lot of things
done today like just weird things like I
want to get the trampoline out of our
basement that's been down there for like
a year these dollars need to burn some
energy today I want to take my old quad
up and get it all maintenance now it
hasn't been touched for years the
carburetor everything's probably just
disgusting on it there's a lot I want to
actually get done today I'm gonna bring
you guys along who knows what's gonna
happen I'm gonna pick up my brother Dale
so who knows what's gonna happen oh I'm
never getting up I'm not leaving now
Kane oh why do you don't knowwe down
guys if you're trying to get work done
don't sit we're lay down it's it's the
enemy it's it's comfort is the enemy at
it
look at all the leaves man look at the
leaves
it is fall guys beautiful less than one
week from now you'll be able to see
clear through these woods like
completely thrown yes just go anywhere
that's precision right there the whole
the whole dying thing that wasn't part
of the let me get this thing in for some
maintenance you guys know I'm not like
the guy that goes in and cleans the
carburetor on anything actually I don't
even know where the carburetor is it's
been sitting for years and years and
years I get it out occasionally and I
just want to get it cleaned up these are
the original tires over 13 years old and
saying I love you guys I mean I really
really love you guys alright I see I'll
be back really soon or not get me going
that long loading up gonna take no-one
is going trick-or-treating today with
Owen that's gonna be fun got like the
best weather ever Dale is literally down
there digging a hole digging the hole
yeah come pick me up when we show up
he's just digging what up dude what's up
what up what up
just drop Noah off he's 1
trick-or-treating and I'm taking my old
part it's a funny story about this quad
I bought this quad way long ago at least
13 years ago back when I had
business - wanna take a big loan out in
fact Dale and then applying the quad for
me crazy no and then when I finally got
a little money app he sold it back to me
thank you for that by the way I took
really good care of it you did know the
quads in great shape but it needs a
little work just you know internal stuff
we're taking it back to the place I
originally bought it from hopefully they
will just do a tune-up and clean it up
make the quad nice again maybe some new
wheels things like that so that's what
we're doing right now and then we're
just running around doing some errands
get some things that I actually want to
get done today that I would normally do
off camera but we're vlogging every day
today's vlog 9 again the streak is
building again so uh yeah good job on
that just bringing it on I summed over I
think in your quad the choke don't stay
up like maybe that needs adjusted to
don't remember that car I don't know if
you use so rough on it I don't even
knock knack double can can backflip toys
toys lots of toys a little guys cool
what is that can-am
that is nutty nutty nice and cleaned up
yeah you guys are the pros and I want
this thing just like fully cleaned up in
two
the chokes you know there's just there's
there's pieces missing we can get fast
just new wheels alright guys I'm getting
my quad all fixed up says it's gonna
take about a week or two and I think
it's just because they got other bikes
to fix this no burrs cool we are headed
up to another place called iron Pony
which is one of the biggest motorsports
dealers in the entire country I believe
it's one of the biggest so we're gonna
go up there and look around check out
some stuff Dale's lookin for he's
looking for like a go-kart which is
elbow 2-seater go car which is actually
hard to find you never see go-karts for
sale so when we were young there was no
car dealers everywhere peanut backyard
they'd be like deep dealer yeah they
don't make them anymore
I know go karts are hard to find so
we're gonna cruise up there check it out
and yeah we're just gonna keep movin and
groovin baby this place is so freakin
huge it's like the Walmart of motocross
Motor buy everything you know what this
place is this is a place you go to make
bad decisions right bad decision making
store you want a scooter oh you guys are
the best ever these guys so almost made
a really bad decision insider and pony
and buy some stuff but it all felt but I
didn't and then we came out here and
they hooked it up thank you free burgers
on the house I can't believe it just
made up for almost making a bad decision
in there guys I can't go and suppose
like that I'd have dude I'm so glad I'm
your brother I know whatever we got the
burgers are you I'm not 100% on anything
but that looks like a go-kart down there
that looks like a go-kart dude oh we
have to have it are they open yeah
that thing's awesome
hello look at this
what a sarnie cart by oh my gosh dude
there's absolutely nobody here nobody
works in the shop that's completely it's
a setup look at it dude
it's got fenders bro we know that be fun
for your kids dude for the kid this
whole time honestly I haven't seen a
goal car for sale for so long this is so
random that they have go-karts morphing
over to the Atwood a rope store look at
all this rope dude I'm coming in a store
and see in rear oh yeah baby
I guess all my brother and my parents
wrote dude I love it they want to
somehow talk me into getting a paintball
setup so that we can have a war together
I'm excited you're going down yeah we're
going with the Tippmann a5 I know
nothing about paintball guns but it's
full auto so alright that's a joke
seriously
I played paintball seriously like three
times yeah and it was awesome it's one
of the greatest game paintball is it's
warded yeah it's safe war hurts when you
get shot so it's not like and we're
going shirtless it's not like your
pillow fights you've been throwing bro
I'm gonna kick you and be loading up on
him why you're out I'm gonna strike
reload reload reload be like a video
game
reload can you get in all this details
barrels and stuff dude oh wait you're
not getting the upgrading extra-long
ceramic barrel wait I need one back up
mines giving nitro loaded do you have a
sidearm yeah what you don't have a
sidearm what you weren't even joking as
little barrels are for I know that's for
something else do they really make a
side-on
cuz I only see big guns I don't know a
lot of you guys actually probably play
played by a pump oh now like vr
paintball well not just play call of
duty yeah exactly
it's the closest thing to call of duty
in real life dude all right Dale let's
host a fan paintball meet day
that's the meet-and-greet we all play
paintball together that would be insane
50 on 50 dude hold wars jungles
so basically what you're saying is Roman
and Dale once a year paintball battle
off championship trophies like this big
are the paintball spectacular heard
round the world
inside the Rope factory I have never
been more about anything me and Dale do
a paintball war with you guys like
literally hundreds of imagine you're
going down dude imagine the woods with
hundreds of features you bring your own
guns you bring your own paintballs
you've got to bring everything we host
it we play with you guys know we've been
striking out today we've been striking
out hard with you maybe we shouldn't be
hanging out look how cool this is we
don't get my point boiling death imagine
like a hundred on a hundred in a big
jungle I heard Avatar creatures woman's
hitman to reach out because that's a
hundred go every people that play
paintball would come I'm not playing
professionals you kidding me they'd have
a laughing day lighting me up dude how
awesome would this be for my
flamethrower they have like an original
army crate look at this thing
look at that I think this is real like
real originals it's like a remake like
somebody just built this in their garage
yes that was that that was mattad I love
this boss they don't have a parachute to
it I got a parachute it matches it
matches yo it's not Donald Trump serving
mr. Trump yes
why don't we back home Dale and I wanted
to start at our local hometown Miller
support Ohio they have built and I think
it's been here a little while but I've
never got to come here they've built a
little uh BMX track and indefinitely
indefinitely something that I want to
build at the house in the next like
before snow hits I just found a bunch of
kids in town and I told them I'm coming
and they're all racing yourself there's
nobody here not a single person here all
right would there be oh there's somebody
here what up dude what up man this is
sick why no brakes why have I been out
of bike riding that long and there's
just no brakes on bikes
yeah get it get it no idea no I got
nothing
I got no I'm literally just gonna ride
this track a couple times for a training
here a couple cracks in your arms from
360s crazy dude these kids are crazy
oh nice
one footer and ice I'm warming on one
foot backflip
well warping back home into uh craze let
me see
Lucy whoa that is awesome it looks like
you're wearing a mask I think it's great
hello monkey man what do you got inside
of your face
whoa your star he loves the love spreads
Don face paint tonight lots of face
paint I want to see the finished product
Kane and I are building construction
zone actually I should say we've already
walked past a lot of time and we already
built the construction zones you got
this crane it's pretty awesome safe to
say I'm not gonna get the trampoline out
of the basement today but what is that
what are you doing what are you doing
what is that whoa earthworm jam dude I
think it's swallow you whole look it
looks like guys like a venom sting on
its face how dope is this gonna look in
the bedroom
what do you mean this is like the
bedroom box it came with all this
paintball stuff all these paintball guns
is crazy won't you open it up dude see
what's inside that's the mystery box
they call of duty mystery box it is you
flip it open you do what people done
will you hit check this up yeah so he's
got our sweet we got our crazy crate
inside it was full of all our goodies
check this guy I don't know a whole lot
about paintball
well now the barrels not on it and maybe
don't say it's tiny it's nice gun Oh
crazy thing it was only $2,000 it was on
sale no better you don't think it was
to Hungary ah close that's the blog guys
sorry to end it so abruptly we goofed
off with the guns that that gun is like
has an electronic trigger thing and it
took us like an hour to figure out how
to even get it fully auto it was kind of
a pain in the butt
actually anyways that is our vlog for
today guys thank you so much for sharing
every single day not just watching the
boards but actually sharing them out
with your friends or family or whoever
it is the channels getting so close to
ten million and we are trying so hard to
hit that 10 million by November 15th
which is Brittany and I eight year
anniversary now according to the
Internet we're gonna hit 10 million
around November 20th which is five days
after the anniversary you have already
done so much for us don't feel obligated
to share the vlogs but if you can spend
one minute and just share it wherever
you can uh it's just so appreciated guys
thank you so much we will see you
tomorrow I should be going live at any
time right now if you're watching this
vlog should be going live super soon on
live got me on a big giveaway so thank
you guys we love you tune in if you can
and we will see you tomorrow you're
beautiful you're one of a kind smile
more thank you for everything
you
