welcome to the vlog guys we are just
getting started we're actually starting
today's vlog exactly where yesterday's
vlog left off yeah my boy no one I are
going to the Halloween hey dude
hey what's up we owned in the zone an
electronic log electronic world come to
real life come to real life it's your
father speaking okay we going where we
going costume shop you want to go
trick-or-treating tomorrow you sure you
don't like make something like make your
own costume paint your face I got spray
paint dude can paint you up any color
you want but you rather not
we've just been goofing off hanging out
did a little cone track for Kane today
Kane also just started hitting our
little ramps with his four-wheeler so
come on mommy came in he was like just
two more days and he's ready to race
it's what he said
two more days I'm ready to race that was
like last week hey I'll be right back
my take no over I love you why he beat
you so bad you pick it up hey
I just want to say bye you won't stop
for anything hey dude you having fun I
love you I'll be right back
huh your kick your kicking homies but by
the way I even got the old LTZ for a
hundred out man I've had that thing
forever somehow it still starts you just
push it and it starts it's like 12 years
old this as old as you that's that can't
even be true because I got that Club
before you were born I got it before you
were born
that means it's 13 maybe even 14 years
old I took a massive loan out on it I
couldn't even afford the four wheeler
like I was paying massive payments I'm
so in debt on that four-wheeler oh we
learned the hard way
are you ready used to race me when
you're relocated remember me taking Noah
to school and he would buck o'neil I
beat you and every morning would be who
buckled first spray this little dust
bunny off dude it's a mess get it get it
this course it's so much in the garage
you can do all in the dump
the worse I have this song stuck in my
head dude
I have a pan I have an Apple Apple pan
hope you guys are having such a good day
taking my buddy to get a new costume for
Halloween it's just coming up he's one
trick-or-treating tomorrow he also likes
spraying off my car and I have
absolutely no problem with that so it's
the perfect situation what are you
dressing up for this year I I don't even
know how I'm going or doing anything we
haven't we haven't really decided Noah's
old enough that he just goes with his
friends and Kane has like no interest in
like tweet last time we went he did like
three houses and he's like I'm done
looking good dude looking good no dryers
buddy we have to do this the
old-fashioned way
3,000 miles per hour dude I feel like
we're kind of late in the game for
Halloween cards gone dude
you think they're gonna have your suit
you want
was it my little pony Little Mermaid
what was it oh so we meet again we meet
again that thing is crazy
yeah felt good in him what is this
creepy clown markers all their lights
hey we should get one of these for pains
room
let's be nice in his room right
shake my hand in our brains really that
small yeah yours probably is you sure
doesn't gonna drag your home this is a
bad idea actually come with me come with
me to the dungeon all the good stuffs
downstairs let's take this elevator
that's pretty cool it sure is a magical
time of year I'll say Halloween's kind
of creepy now dude like it's it's it's
creepy
like there's no kind of look at sparkly
lights how creepy no but like zombie
babies eaten like fingers and stuffs
creepy dude did you totally lucked out
he got the very he came here to me
what's what's the guy's name it's Jacob
Frye from the new Assassins yes he got
the last one last sword and the last
pasta well that went really really
smooth we got his costume I guess we'll
just head back home
all right and that's why you don't do
the manual Drive method right there just
let the car drive
these beans are the water flies off your
car that Jews yes dude the new guy on
our game this guy's brand-new the
headless Roman little Halloween update I
never played as a different person
because I would
there is a brand new update on our smile
game if you already have the game just
update your app is totally free and
we're getting ready to drop a giant
character pack with some really cool
people and stuff oh I got it don't
speaking a smile Inc I didn't show you
this greeted by the beasts well well
looks like they're asleep I really don't
want to wake mommy up with the tickles
mmm
check this out actually you guys have
never even seen this either okay and
check this out turn some lights on it's
like a cave in here what are you guys
doing I've never even seen that I had it
since before the game came out they
printed it look at that poster dude dude
okay here I'll lay it on the floor is
that cool yeah dude you're on there look
at you guys
giant smiling posters put it up in the
game area or we could uh we have to
maybe we give one away it doesn't look
that fun to ship though it's like a
giant tube I don't know how we could
ship it we could definitely figure out a
way to give one of these away for guess
whatever little
they have to tape it all night oh that
would be such a bad idea
I think once you go out in the flower
store yeah it's Friday night we're gonna
head over to my brother's think we're
gonna Lord Keynes quad up you want to
take that dude your friend let me look
at you mommy painted his face as
spider-man today and the redness is
still there wow you're in right into the
box all right I got you loaded up little
buddy hey that were your sin you think
so
here we go have some fun why am I
talking like this yeah dude let's go
when the kids get to an age where you
just hop on a quad and go I think if
they just came out three years old I'd
have like a hundred the baby stage is so
dinner time baby
dinner time lasagna momma's lasagna we
just got to my brother's Dale just
lasagna Brit I've no idea what kids are
done
come on Kings my rambling squad in your
pool sounds like mom and dad just got
here hey hi family in the house
Trick or Treat smell my feet give me
something good to eat blocked by all
right guys I've got a lucky sour extreme
warhead and wants it no not at all
you're the only one tough enough hey not
too bad right
you took that like a champ not sour -
blast off
that doesn't look sour not here big old
ice shredder yeah what if we put like 20
popsicles in it make
mondale cop up them sickles language
that's awesome
who will take this to the face out on
the deck you'll do it down the shirt no
it's gonna go I won't do I mean some
might go down but I'm gonna aim for your
face
it's no coning we're gonna snow cone
Noah Oh ready
I'm only don't snow face and ready
oh it's actually refreshing come on dad
you gotta wear that you know a minute
ago I was tired but now with the new
snow cone method I'm wide awake and
ready to party what'd you think of that
came show me a little breezy
everybody smashes their face at the same
time the first person to come up loses
the last person to come up wins all
right you do you hold it the longest you
win oh yeah
all right there you ready
come on games when you think you can't
go no longer go longer three two one go
do the real do the mouthy one
you smile more Jules psycho stuff how do
you come up with that killing all the
zombies are good for something you just
mowing down time to pack her up for the
night guys what a good day what do you
mean the box got torn up what do you
mean the box got torn up oh my gosh what
what not that what oh my gosh tell me
don't you even talk to me like that I
want to know what Zeus is doing when
this is going on I know he's laying
there like oh you messed up
oh you mess it up you better stop for
everybody saying you better buy your dog
a dog toy so he doesn't chew up your
stuff dude what do you call this bucket
of lava
oh gosh nevermind that his way with just
about everything what is wrong with you
I don't hurt on top oh yeah
iam flash do we have that um massager
I don't wanna sound like a baby but you
light your pacifier that horse so clean
dude
I got so much love man I'm so lucky on
the luckiest day in the world okay boys
it's been time oh no it's never what's
there for ever we don't need sleep yeah
yeah mommy likes Barbies yeah my friends
is time to go for tonight man I did
later it gets I meant taking anything
today no advil nothing that's why I got
through yesterday
the later it gets just some so sore man
what am I gonna do get in shape but I
can't see myself doing the regular
workout routine like I need something
that just burns and like biking and like
I don't know Mount mountain biking it's
about to get caught like our activities
are about to change here it's about to
get cold and wintry and snowy and wet
and cold anyways we love you so much
thanks for hanging out with us today on
this I guess Friday for us it's probably
Saturday for you or Sunday and just want
to say hope everything's going great man
I'm not every day is gonna be easy not
every day is gonna be the best day of
your life but you just keep pushing
forward and keep dreaming big dream
bigger that's a good one dream bigger no
matter what you think you want to do in
life dream bigger than that like Noah's
dream was to get that Assassin's Creed
costume moment tell me what you're
dressing up for I love reading those
comments to see all the crazy I like the
homemade stuff I really hear it all made
sense really cool thanks for watching
we'll see you tomorrow you're beautiful
I think today is day eight so we are a
streak is restarting day eight we're
back up to eight already I'll take it
I'll take the eight see you guys
tomorrow man you're beautiful you're one
of a kind of smile more
you
