hi cutie pie welcome to today's video
this video is a little different than
our last few because today is current
day that means we're filming it the day
that we upload it hey where's your binky
go you don't know where is it hi this
vlog is also super different because
this will be our very last upload as the
atwood slash smith we're gonna be this
is it
this is our last upload bags are being
packed as we speak what is that to
entertain Cora what's next oh my gosh no
that's for the wedding
Noah are you ready for this big giant
adventure the pond making us making us
breakfast so this video is really just
about a quick ketchup oh hello and to
let everybody know that the next video
we put up will be our wedding video
which is so it's crazy girls are very
busy there's perfect impact Cora you
have your own seat you don't have to get
in there are you ready to go she's like
I'm ready let's go take me my dad is you
guys know my paints he's awesome at
painting and he had done it for like
hitting that up for a very long time but
on our last trip he was inspired he just
started painting all of sudden so he
started painting us though and this is
one of our wedding if you guys remember
when we were in China I that's where I
proposed to Brittany and it was
absolutely amazing there was this
picture that we both loved hallo ye but
he got whiny but so he took one of the
pictures and he painted it for us and
it's Brittany and I and it's from an
actual photo that was taken when we were
in China now how awesome would it be if
he did like a wedding photo if he did a
wedding photo and we can do like top and
bottom yeah
proposal and the wedding - yeah no
you're watching this so you got you got
your next project so that is car right
hey get over so she got some very big
trip lots of family far away
passports wedding rings as both our
rings both are in there what do you mean
let me see
get your binky I'm outside check on
little caner man dude it's gonna be
weird being away from home for a little
bit from flip from flue company emailed
me and said hey we make trampolines we'd
love to send you one and nope no brand
note know like partnership no deal
nothing they just said they wanted to
ship us one I'd say I'd be more than
happy to show in the vlogs because the
kids are gonna have a blast so this is
them right there you like it
it has a net but it's not on yet it just
got finished so yeah this is what it is
right now don't forget that's how you
lost your your first two teen was on one
of the Chaplin bars dude man that's yeah
that's why hasn't it teeth on a serious
note I wanted to just talk especially if
you've watched this this this whole
moment in our life is really for those
of you that have followed us for so many
years this is almost 10 years in the
making to finally get married like
that's such a it's such a big deal for
us and it's finally here like it's right
here we're going to be married in how
many days six days six days it's crazy
man so we're really excited that you
guys are here for that we've been
debating like you guys know how I love
the new idea of these 90 minute vlog
movies right and I've been like that's
our wedding like our next movie is the
wedding exactly why I haven't made
another movie because the proposal was a
movie and now the wedding and when I say
movie I really just mean a very long
vlog that has a bigger story and
longer more content Britney wants the
wedding day to be its own video right so
like the day we get married that's a
video that's an upload that's the vlog I
want the wedding to be the entire story
of the whole trip 90 minutes or so and
she doesn't want that so we've been like
trying to figure that out and I'll
honestly at the end of the day don't
know weddings should just be the wedding
and then the trip be its own yeah
and the wedding could still be in the
trip video but it would just be like you
see it's wrong I don't know I don't know
so that's where we're at with that we'll
decide when it's all done I guess but
either way super pumped about it also I
want to tell you a quick little story
this is Brittany's promise ring this is
the ring I got her at one year I can't
really focus on it one on hue maybe this
is her one year promise ring that's that
is pretty some tongue is straights cuz
when I got this ring for her when we had
been together for one year but also I
didn't know how to get this ring this
was this was hard for me to get I think
it was I think it was $300 it was
between art it was more than 100 I can't
remember I think it was 300 cuz I could
not like I honor honestly I don't even
remember if I got a loan from the place
I got it
no you did it you sure yeah I remember
anyway I remember this being really hard
to buy like it was 300 bucks like I
gotta get her this ring though like it
was in my head that I was gonna get it
okay now let me see almost nine years
later I think I did pretty good babe
yeah looking at this and let your
engagement ring is such a nine-year
progress it actually shows progress hey
bud he's running oh no buddy I guess a
lot of this like these stories will be
saved for our wedding video but like
where we came from when we met I had a
white work van that was my vehicle
that's all I had I definitely want to
put that in our longer video for the
wedding so I want to share those stories
especially
since it's a big thing I want to look
back on in life like it's for us - I
want to watch that those memories so
yeah today's video is really just about
us saying goodbye for like that's going
crazy trying to get out of that it is a
little while it's the worst day like I
should have filmed this yesterday so
that it would've been is pressure right
but yeah how you feeling you ready you
ready I'm just ready to get there
I'm like freaking out I'm like I don't
know if the dress is really what I
wanted like Omar telling me that I'm
going crazy she wouldn't let me see I
haven't seen anything like her dress is
hanging up in there like folded up in a
bag
your dress is just I can't see any of it
it's in a bag yeah you guys say goodbye
we're gonna be back in like a week plus
one week plus so guys just a quick hello
today a quick just we really didn't want
I like it got to the point where I can't
like I didn't want to leave you in the
dark and then we go another week without
a video because we're getting married I
wanted to really just say that we're
going to get married and that will be
the next video so did he just wash you
we will be back so soon as the Atwoods
officially all of us the Atwoods which
that's that's never that's never I'm
sure that we'll be naturally leaking
some stuff on our social so make sure
you follow us on that especially Twitter
instagrams like our that's where we go
other than that there'll be a vlog soon
we love you guys thank you so much
beautiful you one-of-a-kind
you
