welcome to the vlog got my brother Dale
with me we were headed out to do what
would you call us like something stupid
something dumb definitely dumb and
stupid
is it another GAD idea a bad a good dad
idea I don't see any good in it except
for like wow no it's cool it's exciting
there's a pumpkin stone of X II hope
you're having an awesome day Dale and I
are headed to get some supplies for a
really good bad dad idea I like that we
have that term bad bad bad good idea
thank you thank you thank you for all
the love on the game yesterday if you
didn't watch yesterday's vlog please
check it out we released our very first
app game and it is so fun it's so
addicting Dale's and I'm in it the
family's in it everyone but the dog what
he wants the dogs oh yeah that'd be
great
he talked about putting the dogs in it
but we were like you can't you're gonna
murder dogs it's like I think somebody
can kick a person get away with it you
kick a dog
I saw a robot dog robot zoos robot so
the game is constantly being updated we
have so much cool stuff on it thank you
for downloading the game is totally free
it's a lot of fun thank you for checking
it out and just being open and having
fun with it
the trees are great look it matches my
incented yeah that's serious today when
I got to get a bunch of stuff like
random things he's gonna build something
and I'm gonna build something I'm gonna
do something that we used to do as kids
and I think dad taught us how to do this
sure he did what a great dad we had like
the best two videos today one on Dale's
channel one on my channel doing both
awesome I don't know if they're awesome
oh this might be what I need so no
plumbing you're gonna know the second
they see the Bob they're gonna know
yours mine could be anything
and I still keep it a mystery peytie 69
box dude this is a good toilet huh is
this a good book you know why this one's
on sale it's been you isn't it used
toilet yeah these are used for 60 bucks
what makes a toilet a good toilet like
what's the difference between a $69
toilet in like a $250 is the seat heat
what's the deal
yeah I know everything there is no about
okay hit me
okay this expensive toilet like this mhm
higher resin porcelain it's gonna last
longer you can bleach it all day and
night and you're not gonna have to worry
about degradation of the materials
you're gonna be able to sit on that pot
for as long as you want clean and smooth
baby Wow
alright no but seriously this is a
digital a digital push-button wave your
hands you enough to touch do you so want
that I can see it yeah and then and then
I touch your foot so you like you're
making em all yeah hello hey what's up
I'm buying a toilet because ours just
broke yeah because when you left you
didn't flush it Nick it's something
happened by the way they're not 69 bucks
that's if you buy four toilets do you do
we make four one for each room in the
house do you need phone no I
but it's only 80 bucks I so think of the
anticipation we're thinking with one
toilet before do you think it's worth
the risk
no mm-hmm think of the money you're
saving Roman keep your back straight
so we've got a toilet we got some PVC
piping out of a cutter I have a cutter
as you guys could probably guess Dale's
requires actually building something
mine doesn't that's because I suck at
that kind of stuff and nails good at it
I don't think it's a matter of sucking I
think it's a matter of commitment we're
not you were amazing in shop class yeah
getting in trouble
Wow you got in trouble but you also made
me some pretty cool stuff that's right I
don't have by the way your gun Rhys
still have it yeah the only thing I got
here I didn't come here a screwdriver
kit and a toilet don't need either one I
can't say I've ever bought a toilet my
life I've got one actually that's not
true for my old house we had to replace
the toilet that's right in my basement
I bought two actually that's why I
actually didn't get everything I needed
we got to run into one more store mine
so simple and this is something that I
got a pre warned you guys not to try to
do this is something we actually have
done forever forever we were little kids
little kids my dad was teaching us how
to do this is a different day and age
just pay attention make this yeah a lot
of you probably actually seen these
before and I just want to say don't do
it watch us do it that's all
aluminium foil this is good gotta have
it four cents a foot seven cents a foot
dude this stuff may be the thinner stuff
we'll have more surface area though no
you only get one of each cheapo and good
oh we always use good stuff didn't we I
don't think there was one brand that's
like a whole show unless in the last 15
20 years they changed their ingredients
this should work the important thing to
remember is that you need hydrochloric
acid that's it that's it but this stuff
typically has an init so you just have
to read the bottle don't do this but you
got to make sure you read the bottle to
make sure it has hydrochloric acid to
ivenna know for at least that we didn't
get a cart dude
I don't know what to do anymore let's
keep so excited we see the finish we'll
go get their car Mike what dollar is its
water
yeah it's harder yeah we can try one
there's a buck twenty-five dude
sixty-eight cents boom yeah that's the
one right there come on let's get some
Cola they actually have Cola leaders of
Cola I didn't know there's actually a
you know what it looks like it looks
like one of those returned parts but you
would see somebody return it like this
is they're trying to reach sort it on
the show all right guys we got
everything I think we got everything we
need and more and more yeah we got stuff
we don't even need maybe we might needs
on the fence I'm gonna use it for this
way eventually we are gonna head home
have some fun and hopefully just
everybody's safe at the end of the day I
think that's the yeah I'm moving up
Robin what are you doing you got a
bathroom right oh I thought I busted you
out dude do you think I really just take
a leak like that gotta empty out this
$0.68 cooler I want to enjoy maybe I
should try it's probably good all right
diet huh oh no I hate diet
what is he said he hated that stuff
alright so I just messed up and drilled
a hole in my cap to make a joke can't
have a hole in your cap so I'll have to
use a cap from another one do all work
ready go roll man now here's a concept
is that the cheaper 2-liter bottles may
have thin or plastic it may not work as
good as the hard hard plastic you know
what I mean all right I mean but who's
back here Zeus
stop playing around it's gonna work now
I don't work not with this cap I mess
that up deals over here working on a
very powerful ooh dude I just no one's
supposed to see my blood Oh God you got
probably an Android hey you want to help
me I need your help dude I need your
help go get that from flash flash drop
it
Dale's gonna crazy friggin potato gun
this is something that we used to do as
a kid actually both these things we're
kind of reliving our glory days man it's
just like what we used to do you were
probably eight I was 10 ish mom and dad
were at work
my dad would build these things and do
it and then we would remember how to
build it in them when they were at work
is so bad one thing I honestly don't
remember is how big of luminol balls to
make does it matter
I remember the smaller the better
because there's more surface area I
don't remember really how much we put in
probably up to the label yeah yeah I
never do a lot smaller balls really you
want to help me is that what you're
trying to say so we're gonna go with
this first now we haven't done this for
a long time and one of the reasons I
tell you guys never to make one of these
is because they're unpredictable
it truly is unpredictable you don't know
when it's gonna go off sometimes you
wait so long that you're like aw it's a
dud and now all of a sudden it goes off
so they're very don't do it here we go
I remember being so nervous going into
the stores when we were kids and like
trying to buy this yeah of course it was
like it was like even back then it was
only like a buck or two and we'd be like
so nervous we spent our allowance money
work bottles now we are losing light
go ahead and test this out I don't
remember how we wanted the ball so this
is all mystery to me it's gonna work
all right let's dump it Oh baby shake it
yeah wait we're not gonna strategically
place it should we yeah you need to
stand it up dude don't forget time for
this oh nothing nothing no there's no
pressure yet when they think when these
things are about to go the bottle gets
so hard and that's why I was worried
about a thin plastic
yeah it should invest it in the the $2
bottle so here's the part where we just
wait and wait and wait and hope there's
something happens and this hasn't been a
total flop I'm gonna go get the aluminum
foil so we can roll balls why we wait
good idea how far we stand back I feel
like we were like in a car or something
like real cover your eyes that's it
that's it the suspense is killing me
dude all right how about this nothing's
happening I've never seen it done before
huh huh I have pure powdered aluminum at
my house what what like why are we
crumbling up balls when we can just go
pure aluminum huh I don't know
cuz this I've seen that sounds crazy we
may or may not have done it right dude
cuz she's still sitting out there
poor little GoPro you can't do it wrong
it's been 20 minutes dude okay we've got
four bottles one of them has to work
it's soaked
we are freaking number the game came out
five hours ago we are number three holy
crap I can't even believe it so thank
you guys so friggin much dude this game
is killing you guys are enjoying I've
seen so many posts from you guys about
it oh look on the I'm one of two reviews
it went up best game ever
what is this Scrabble
get your name they left a review lesson
who's the first to leave a review and it
says love this game bro yeah hey yeah
that's hilarious
why is my butt Assessor number two
anyway guys we are number three on the
App Store as of right now which blows my
mind have no idea what it is on Google
Google Play
check this out you go to games and then
you go to arcade dude we're number one
under arcade soft soft no pressure
whatsoever nothing how's that all about
when we do wrong dude we did everything
right everything right this is the
problem they blew it on this one I'll
take the blame but I don't I don't know
what I did wrong guys I really don't
know who did it right
contained hydrochloric acid maybe that's
not what it needs as a kid growing up I
remember us hunting specifically for
anything with hydrochloric acid yeah the
aluminum is different they don't make
aluminum the same nowadays it's got
plastic universe maybe there's actually
a chemical in here that makes it not
react with aluminum foil they know
everyone's buying it for works bomb dang
it I wouldn't even think of that
all right guys straight up straight up
dude we failed hard I felt your potato
guy guys if you want to see this potato
gun he made a video today and it shot
like a tiger friggin tank baby cub boos
and once again I failed because when I
shot it the potato pretty much just
burped out trigger here we go no power
the good news is when you're done so on
the hairspray that's great
great hairspray great right pallet gray
spray smell it on camera
oh yeah just
guess who's five years old today Cain is
Cain is guess who's not here until
Tuesday kate is dude happy birthday Cain
here's what happened guys I failed so
not like I care all the time in vlogs
like things don't go right because I
mess up at things but oh my gosh I'm so
dizzy so lightheaded I failed so hard at
that stupid bottle blow-up challenge
thing that I had to just come in in the
vlog I didn't end it I decided to jump
in today because this is like hectic
chaos hi why did you just what is going
on here it's just eggs yellow parts it's
a white cake so you don't want it yellow
so I could just scramble all of these so
here's what's going on it is actually
current day which means it is now
currently Kane's fifth birthday and it
hasn't got started yet so I wanted to
come on and at least show you guys what
we're doing getting ready for the party
tomorrow's vlog is gonna be insane you
remember last week at noah's party we
had the mechanical bowl which was crazy
we got something I think even more crazy
today for Kane's party are you excited
what do you know what are you tired dude
we gotta get amped it's time to party
party Britney's making Kane's birthday
cake oh that looks so good
I'm gonna say goodbye for today let's
get this party started we'll see in
tomorrow's vlog thank you for everybody
who has downloaded our new game it is
number one in the UK it's number two in
the US and we just we can't be it's so
thankful I can't even explain it you
guys are amazing we're constantly
already working on new updates and fixes
and everything so second place and
that's because iTunes you like they're
never gonna let that go number two
it's like their you know it's like their
thing we freaking love you guys thank
you again and again and again we're
gonna get Kings party started which
means I have to wrap this up and I
definitely don't want to be editing on
his birthday so I'm gonna I'm gonna
blaze through this we will see it
tomorrow thank you for all the love and
support smile more you're beautiful
you
