what's it doing welcome to the vlog guys
we are headed to the very fun pumpkin
patch you guys ready mommy you ready to
get some pumpkins this is the first year
I'm like we can get some pumpkins to
carve we can also get some pumpkins to
you guys hope you are having an awesome
day we're gonna get a little family time
just hang out walk around pick out some
orange things and sounds fun 5 ah that's
so hard dude it is dude look at all them
pumpkins ready let's do it alright this
place is pretty awesome we come here we
try to come here every single year just
a fun place to bring the kids hi how are
you so many pumpkins different sizes
like there's little tiny pumpkins jeez
dude we gotta learn how to do that dude
how do you carve it's not fake oh
whatever
this one yeah alright I'll give you that
we gotta get some tickets alright we'll
go play ah this is awesome guys this is
the best so although they got tons of
pumpkins we're gonna go play first they
have all these play areas down here and
you take your necks and you get a smiley
face I hope I don't get a smiley face
I'll redo it three okay can't refuse to
go down on the thing I'm gonna get you
wanna race me you think you got what it
takes girl let's go
is that fun you're gonna push me ere you
race mommy you race mommy
Eddie give you a push Betty sit go
oh he's smoking you I'll race you
let's go sit here comes never has
anybody ever questioned why I like being
scared of something you're called a
chicken
does anybody know anybody no seriously
why are you called a chicken if you're
scared of something maybe because they
always run away they seem pretty
fearless they don't they don't seem very
chicken do they can nice chick afro dude
it is like Zeus and flash look at him
crazy goats mama she's like what are you
doing
look they hatched they hatched on 9:24
dude this is what the kids need right
here run around play time and this is
what I need right here run around you
want one baby I'll build you one when we
get home it's gonna be probably
something we end up burning really oh
this is the Ford uh 3200 the one that
was built in 64 I think yeah oh my gosh
this is so awesome did you fall
can you run in it you have to do a whole
cartwheel let me try
oh you don't have to do a flip you can
just roll we could bolt a chair a chair
and a harness imagine like you bought a
chair and a harness to it and then you
just flip that's hilarious
that doesn't even look right funny with
the slick jacket on you just slide are
you brave enough for the enchanted
forest yeah but can you do it without
using the ropes tightrope don't I think
you can do it and he gets a little sway
a little soy dogs don't feel bad I won't
be able to do it either
mister suspenseful whoa you remember
this spot spot was that when he was 1 or
2 just walk do you have the picture does
he 1 or 2 almost 1 cuz he's almost oh he
wasn't even one let's see let's see is
that really the same kid that really all
right Brit just did here's the original
cane was almost 1 years old and then 10
her to see but here he is almost 5 years
old that's cool
come on you got this dude you definitely
got it oh there it is
he switched it there's no spiders
they're not big enough to eat you either
way I'm kidding
Jane come on ourselves we need our
weenie North protector then dent this is
cool dude this is like a fort
dude I'm sneaking out hey where's Kane
he's gone where is he
it's pumpkin slash pullin Kane time I
like out of all the wagons you chose the
one you have to hand can't you want hop
out and pick some oh these are nice that
is so here's the smallest pumpkin I've
ever seen whoa three pumpkins sixty-six
pounds we are out of there we had food
that's a fun place dude what a good time
what'd you get dude it's how you know
you got kids when you just got a random
slice of pizza laying on your truck
because what is that by the way our
chocolate sucker cake pop that cake
inside I like it
oh my gosh
is it good it was no good so we got a
bunch of pumpkins new little ones big
ones really little ones like the size of
Kane's fingers hey buddies
getting it clean okay
you get in your car you get in your
pumpkin clean alright guys so we are
eating a killer lunch today because we
got sponsored by blue apron and they
sent up literally so much food it is
incredible what is that a lemon smell so
good step for catch icahn I'm sure a lot
of you guys have actually heard of blue
apron before but if you have not they
send you like lunches and dinners and
they come all packed up like a fresh
meal is definitely a fun project
especially for the whole family
it smells so good the blue apron is cool
because they deliver all the fresh
ingredients right to your doorstep in
exact proportions so there's no waste
they have they have two plans it's like
a two-person plan and then they have
like a family plan we're like everyone
in the family can eat super awesome blue
everyone also has a huge selection of
recipes and they're always adding brand
new ones so their menu grows constantly
it's a pair of dude I'll take it get in
on that dude flour you ready to eat and
each meal takes about 40 minutes to cook
like the comparison oh it looks amazing
they also ship to most of the country
and shipping is always free you know the
hardest part is not eating all the food
before it's done cooking you need just
the one click on the link in the top of
the description the first 300 viewers
will get three meals off of their blue
apron order free this is garlic what is
that what's that what's the capers
capers and garlic and flash oh I'm ready
to eat what up crazies
this dogs crazy dude he's like hunts
he's a hunt like he hunts probably
looking for frogs right now
she left it's the pros for cutting this
meat but man yeah oh oh
hmm so here it is look at this
hmm it looks awesome I've never had
pears on a salad so I'm excited about
that big final shout out to blue apron a
big final shout out to Brittany Smith
cooking this up good everyone's gonna
say we're just pretending that it's good
it's actually phenomenal it's really
good
highly recommend him checking out the
description my mouse flow from so long
so we're gonna eat up get some food on
us and then the kids and even myself
have been dying to really get some time
on Dale's VR and we're thinking tonight
to actually make a gaming video on the
vlog channel of the VR so I'm gonna try
to record some of it he's got the screen
recorder all set up so all I gotta do is
go over pretty much filming be fun right
I'm down for that I did in the grocery
store after this after this you get to
do the grocery store all right guys
we're about to play a quick VR game
you're gonna wanna watch this we're
gonna let each person actually only one
at a time in this room it's a surprise
game and it is going to be awesome
you're gonna do it too okay we're gonna
do it one at a time we're gonna screen
recourse you guys actually get to watch
the game this time and hopefully we get
something good out of this so here we go
let's do whoo let's go first Dale yeah
all right come everybody you know I
don't know if we book we even have to
hold the controller I do you have to
hold the controllers hey I don't think
says you have to hold the keyboard okay
we're rolling
ready Dale okay Oh once you push them
you can't let go hold them down okay
don't let go if you let go the key is
you lose all right we've started all
right so far they always made it to the
flick at your hands
doing good don't let go the keyboard oh
my gosh what's it feeling do you get
flies all over you you don't there be
you don't want to swat them don't
swallow them yeah door just up okay
let's plug goes black alright next
player next ready alright so once you
put your fingers on these keys don't let
up you cannot let go if you let go you
lose the game on it okay right now you
can look around just don't let go with
your fingers you do not let go if you
let go you lose there must be a cell
what it what is that huh oh man what is
that what's that crap there good okay
you know what this game is called it's
called don't let go so it's a survival
you have to see how long you can hold
that button down look at them bees don't
let go the keys then the bugs feel weird
look at the shoulder you feel like
they're on you you're gonna actually
feel like they're there so they could
sting Kane was with the shoulders up by
your ears yeah do you want to swallow
that's hilarious
nobody's made it past level two it's
like crawling
that's 130 feel like like he's in the
room
hey he's leaving I think it's level two
whoa
let's scare me look down look down makes
you want to grab tracks yeah it makes
you want to grab it that would have got
me a lady because when you look back
right yeah it all comes at you okay this
is gonna be awesome
all right so did you push them it'll
start okay there we go that's not bad
that's that's not bad looks like you're
researching scorpions out there at the
desert oh look at that logo I like how
you're moving your fingers like you have
like it's not gonna get you don't let go
don't let go it's only level one what's
it doing
oh did it make noise no it was just
right there bye I gotta try that some
area I gotta try this let me try this
one cold my gosh dude now I'm gonna lose
I can't do this that looks so real oh
man I know I'm gonna do I already know K
that was that was just cool this snake
was really scary but everything else was
just cool like I didn't feel like I had
to pull the sorry guys the snake had me
and pull chills like I was in bull
chills we can't carve pumpkins tonight
okay here's the only bad part about VR
here is the worst part about virtual
reality it's just it's just about
impossible to get the kids to leave
Dale's house plus regular games become
boring and so on you guys have fun
tonight
okay what you doing down there what's
funner the pumpkin patch or VR I know
what you're gonna say
- it's really hard oh stop it I know
what you thought was far the trust game
no let's play the tickle game forget the
trust game I just want to tickle you
look at you you look like a giant green
bean right now so walking into the night
it's big time it's bedtime
it was so lucky to have these little
boogers I am the luckiest guy in the
world man have these little boys ah
they're monsters they're so lost in
technology so lost in technology alright
it's bedtime you know I'm gonna say it
in it's time get in bed
3 2 1
why let me see your fingers too short
maybe we can lengthen it he's getting
bed cane let's go one of the greatest
things about my kids is how why they
listen okay let's go no in bed no one
bit cane let's go geez guys thanks for
hanging out with us today thank you for
being a part of our family thanks for
watcing patch thanks for doing
everything with us today and just most
of all thanks for helping us get the 10
million I see you guys sharing the vlogs
like crazy I wish there's a way I could
like reward you for this I wish there
was something I could do what can I do
at 10 million guys look at these things
man
what do you think of that flat what do
you think of that cane it's another day
at home tell me in the comments today
what should I do for 10 million
subscribers because I truly believe it's
gonna happen and it's gonna happen
pretty soon hey buddy how are you how
are you know what should I do for us
we'll sit over 10 million
so just should I find you a new home no
I'm kidding
thank you guys for absolutely everything
man we will see you tomorrow the streak
continues every day uploading we love
you your beautiful smile Omar
you
