what's up guys welcome to the vlog
welcome Britt hey we are in we're and
check this out
we are in Minneapolis Minnesota
Minneapolis this is supposed to mean
she's not my mom but look at this view
it's beautiful we were right on the RHIB
not sure what the rivers called I'm
super pretty place soup
watch it buddy hey watch it um basically
welcome to day one of date we're gonna
do uh this isn't like a movie like we've
made that's just a longer blog because
we're gonna do two days in one instead
of two vlogs uploaded it'll just be one
longer vlog which I've been really
liking lately so let's start this vlog
we're going to go down into the city
we're gonna go we're gonna go we got a
lot of plans
yo this is a Minnesota you know what I
mean you know I'm just kidding it's a
sparkling water Julia what's up buddy
Gil what do you do from rocking then
 the I'm not from around here
sleeve I got all the gear bro
first thing we're gonna do we're gonna
track down some actually there's two
options brim there's bikes or scooters
which ones do you want to because we
need to get around the city and there's
scooter it is there we go here's one
let's get this one gonna get this one
how do you do it what is it we have
several missions in this vlog this long
vlog for you the city's beautiful yeah
we're in st. Paul never been here before
but it's gorgeous beautiful the
weather's nice look at you guys look at
you guys you got it baby
oh okay once again the throttle is on my
right hand which I usually vlog with and
the brake is on the hand and I'm
vlogging with
17 minutes what is that using walking
that's like with the puffs what is that
for we're trying to find a nice place to
do a little filming right now the
waterfall was maybe too far for us but
it's on 8 miles it's not that bad too
far
just gotta blend in with traffic just
gotta blend in oh yeah okay vlogging
writing is I'm gonna wreck for sure
there's no where's this beautiful guy's
super pretty man Wow alright this spot
this looks like a zombie area yeah
perfect Chase is already look at him
look at him get away get away from me no
this spot is perfect dude okay we came
to find like a nice little private
location we've got a dump new
sponsorship with The Walking Dead our
world which is crazy because we just
spent how long did it take us like three
months probably it was like one more
episode three a.m. one more yeah we no
joke maybe two weeks ago just finished
every episode of The Walking Dead so
this sponsorship is really cool like
this is super special so The Walking
Dead
our world is a brand new mobile game you
can face walkers with Dale Rick Michonne
everybody any of your favorite
characters oh it is it's a
location-based game which means it's
tailored to your exact location like
where you go the game goes is which is
why we found this cool spot right here I
just want to pull it up and show them
because to move in the game you have to
move in real life's like you got to get
up and move so Julian get up and move
boy let's find zombies alright okay so
here we are on the actual little island
that we are you're in the game on the
actual island and there's a bunch of
zombies up here so we can like go to the
zombies and we can take out the zombies
you just immerse yourself
look over his shoulder there's a bunch
of zombies ready get him run rip run run
oh nothing
got him save me hi so we just cleared
that we just cleared the encounter it's
all in your environment so like we found
the zombies we came over here we took
them out and then you get a bunch of
rewards it's actually awesome because
you can like hike around find a zombie
so basically you get your rewards you
claim them you open them see what you
get you upgrade your weapon so we're
back to the map you see that this island
has plenty of problems dude lots of
walkers lots of walkers so you can take
them all out and then you can also
rescue people okay yo on the other side
of that bridge there's another pet let's
go get them let's clear them out let's
go let's go let's go baby whoo on the
other side under the bridge you're left
right to your left don't follow them
they're going the wrong way okay we
found them I'm going to get them right
now
taking out walkers is tough Matt okay so
you can see that is super super cool
super fun super unique and click
legendary weapons items from AMC's
Walking Dead you can join a group you
can cooperate with other players and on
bigger rewards like weekly rewards if
you do it together and my favorite part
the game is free guys it's available in
the App Store and the Google Play Store
get it now link in the top of my
description check this one out guys it's
super unique and fun The Walking Dead
our world get out there and get yourself
some walkers we're clear the walkers
boys like to say cruising on the
scooters baby these are so fun man but
it's not about checking the city out
there's a couple oh gosh I have no brake
I have no brake oh yeah oh man I hope
you guys check out this game man The
Walking Dead our world toppling my
description it's free definitely worth
the dollar man check it out
I think you'll have a lot of fun with it
and I also want to give uh sincere thank
you to them for sponsoring us on this is
a super cool brand for us and we
genuinely love brands that we enjoy so
thank you guys for that okay let's
continue the adventure we are ditching
the scooters and headed to a place
called mini haha mini haha yeah
oh just drop your phone let's crack whoa
dude that's no joke imagine you just
like going down this little stream on
your raft Brett look this son
just cruising on your little raft you're
like oh this is so nice and relaxing and
then shushil zoom dude are another means
of transportation we have bikes scooters
and for what wait wait there's four
petals you have to have power that's the
core see look at that
that's a lot of water man it's so we're
like you're just in the city and there's
just a giant waterfall we're gonna come
down a little lower and try to find try
to get the waterfall from the bottom
it's pretty pretty awesome all right not
bad not bad it looks just like I want to
like play here you know or like that
cold waters
it is no doubt a cool area so the
waterfall runs off goes under this
bridge and then it's just like this it
just looks like a Buddha looks like
something like you had a wrap other than
the waterfall it would be really fun to
take this little water trail man look at
that
dude it's chip
we all right super cool print where we
headed the mall was anymore yeah
American all of America is here so we're
headed biggest mall have you been yeah
there's a baseball stadium inside the
mall is there no it's close to it Papa
can you skydive in this mall you can't
ski them all oh there is indoor skiing
ocean but they call a aquarium yeah
isn't there a NASCAR track inside my mom
yep
your hair looks look so so one of the
first things we see is a ferris wheel
and a what's that thing going that's it
what's a merry-go-round
yeah merry-go-round carousel there's no
roller coaster yo we got to what do you
mean yeah till we cut look at all the
roller coasters dude inside the mall
look at that guy's zip lining y'all do
it alright so Britt's bailing on me
Gil's bailing on me
Jillian's going all right we're riding a
film bro yeah yeah yeah of course after
this I'm gonna attempt to hold my camera
they might yell at me
yeah yeah we're about to go straight up
this thing dude honest I can hold this
we can hold this on it's tiny like can
guys go straight
holy crap I can't see anything oh my god
here we go
you got my adrenaline going I know
all right we made it out you only have
one bag we did good here we did not true
we're gonna dance to one song and one
song only no I think you need actual we
are tell room guys and we're probably
gonna end date one right now this is
cool like the city's awesome I can't
believe we've never been here I
literally thought like have I been here
the only time in 2006 I was on Warped
Tour and that's the only time I think we
may have been through this city but I
have no oh but I have no recollection of
being in the city it's beautiful um so
yeah tomorrow big fun day house tank
cars fun day so we're gonna just skip
today to hope you enjoy doing maybe yeah
you guys thanks for watching today we'll
see you in about 5 seconds 3 2 1 day 2
guys welcome to day 2 okay first of all
honey that's a Sherman tank right there
I'm sure about it no I only know if
somebody told me this is a Sherman tank
this is this is legit no real deal and
we get to drive that today you and me
we're gonna drive it and shoot it okay
guys there's so much I want to show you
right now big project today and look at
these things look at these things these
are fully functional they drive the
shoot and we're gonna do it like it's
gonna be a fun day and I just want to
get it started but first all right guys
just like that I've been transformed
into a doomsday prepper
do you see my yeah you guys remember
Christian he's uh we've known each other
a long time we got Sam and Nico from
corridor digital here as well you know
they brought us out here to have some
fun so this entire house will soon be
run over by a tank hello what's up man
guys take a look at our dream home our
crib this is nice
so we are gonna run this whole thing
over with a tan
that is amazing you dressed it all and
we put it all together in one day
are you serious and we getting crazy
shots we got we're gonna go frozen here
strolling the tank busting into the neck
yeah dude yeah I am impressed I had to
go by this counter yeah whose baby's
getting run over a good little baby so I
guess in the video blue means I'm on the
good team and this is a UMP airsoft and
this rocket launcher which I think's
very legit it's heavy very heavy I'm
playing a little like get out of here
type guy like you gotta get out of this
house they're coming for us you gotta
get out of here run off and then then
yeah that's that's it and then we'll do
a couple riffs on that and then if you
want at the end you can come and go okay
cool and just do the most extreme
version yeah yeah we'll leave the
crowbar for the end just so we can uh
yeah okay simple easy breezy and it's
pretty extreme because there's this's
intercut the shots of like tanks rolling
down hills coming towards us like we're
going crazy in here that's a high high
intense pop and you say gosh we have to
get out of here it's literally the
apocalypse come on
okay you like saying it's literally the
apocalypse
so we just wrapped our phone with
corridor for a bit and we are going to
drive a tank I will be your messenger
you just
all right we're gonna jump in the Humvee
go to location and really just gonna
start having some fun today
all right wait is that what you sit on
this the webbing hop up here look at
this dude this is all like super legit
you just swing around and flow and it
swivels not much do this thing inside
that's really just what you're is this
1985 this baby
look at that thing dude look at that
so if you drove that this is gonna be
really similar okay cuz it's the same
you got two levers gas pedal just lucky
car yeah an automatic shifter that
shifters outside of your left leg okay
when you get in the brakes are gonna be
lock unlock them just pull back put it
in gear levers forward you hit the gas
or you drove straight turn right well on
the right turn left pull on the left to
stop pull them both but don't forget to
take it forward as always you know over
it is always full and then just gas and
gas and then right right left
stop it's like it's your turn lawn mower
not really because you're not really
it's not even like that either no
because that's more like you're turning
off Brad yeah you're stopping the track
okay and but I guarantee you by the
second turn you're gonna go oh this okay
okay
them rolling up goodnight dude it's
actually mind-blowing seeing that things
roll up on you I can't help but think
how many people had to witness that
coming at them like for real dude it's
like not even intimidating
ain't no Bulldog get in a tank boy
Brittney's turn you're gonna drive it
Wow okay so apparently what he's
explained to me as a child and as him
now I would consider this a tank he's
saying this is not a tank why this is an
SPG SPG does it count as a tank
indirect-fire have you're not clear I
had no idea that is a tank that's a
Sherman tank which will be driving that
I'm going up inside the gun Wow Wow
or loading up shells holy smokes crazy I
guess this is where the bullets would
rack up pop a mesh you literally can't
see what she's shooting yo this place is
crazy so our man here sits and it's
gonna help Brit you got this baby you
got it trees she's drying our trees so
right now basically what we're done I've
done they have like a loop here and I've
done the loop to learn how to drive a
tank that's like step one you got to
know how to drive the tank
step two is will be happening in a real
Sherman tank right here which is just
magnificent and apparently we will be
shooting that Sherman tank like that guy
will be shooting see I do what a day man
well this is like I feel like I feel
like when I was a kid playing GI Joes
and the bathtubs like all my like weird
crazy war battles and this is like the
toys I would play with it's so weird
wherever you're driving you gotta tank
yeah
hahaha she's doing good are we going
that way
no that tree
deceiving because the Barrow is turned
to the left so it feels like you're
going in the air my god Oh mah gah
that
wheeling sound you hear in all the
movies
and you did good you threw me around
what do you think what what's your
thoughts like people actually like drove
those
like all right guys it's Sherman no joke
right here so this is this would be like
the tank from the Brad Pitt movie fury
easy easy there we go oh man you soaking
okay so the Sherman is a little
different because it has a manual clutch
as a physical clutching what that little
these holes are it's crazy
look at these mechanics man
I honestly wouldn't believe like looking
inside this thing that it actually works
and everything's functioning it's
amazing
dude Sherman tank baby Thank You Man
so much power in your hands this thing
will run over trees oh yeah you just
crush tree like you can just tell the
trails platform okay so we are
officially drove a Sherman tank and
Britt I'm so proud of you I guess you
just I think I think I was trying I
think that's super intimidating so I'm
proud of you for getting up and doing I
gots an intimidating machine dude
hey um so what we're getting ready for
now is they're actually going to fire
the tank
this thing's gonna shoot shoot kaboom
bye guys so this is where the shell goes
in and he's been treating me tricks cuz
apparently this auto closes so you got
to get your hand out of there and he
used your knuckles right yeah so you
kind of pushed it in oh okay so how do
you get it back out okay let me try it
for real this time
all right shell up got this dude I got
this oh and that's how you see out
that's the Bursar's go hey how do we
loan pay yes yeah let's go okay you grab
the paddle pull it in and then you can
spin that and the turtle go whatever
direction you were doing like we're
turning okay so this turns the whole
turret goes yep turn the whole turret oh
you can see it through here let me see
oh wow so you got to really crank this
baby if you want to spin it does have a
power turret boat okay all right okay so
this is what you would use to aim the
cannon Wow okay we're getting ready
we're gonna demo shoot this thing so I'm
learning how to right here up and down
that's your your elevation so you can
elevate or D elevate the gun Oh Plus
this whole thing moves you movin movin
like alright guys so this would be when
we're ready all I do is push that red
button with my foot to shoot the cannon
boom waiting on that camera gear Gil
waiting on that camera let's show you
just how hot it's hard to see but this
poor guys dripping just drenched in
sweat my arm is completely wet like I've
been in a pool it's crazy we got cameras
all over the phone can't believe we're
blowing up your four-wheeler man
Xbox is hot baby here we go
good I think we hit it awesome
and that's a super weird jump that we
just did guys I can't even explain
we both destroyed okay these are
brand-new today all right
these were literally brand new shoes I
mean they're they're trashed yours look
clean on camera oh yeah no I know I mean
we did drive tanks that is our two days
guys I was I was actually gonna extend
this video through like we leave in the
morning I was gonna extend it like going
home seeing the kids I always loved
doing that on camera coming home and
getting that reaction is so good in that
and the kids are just but by the time I
get home I will have absolutely no time
to add that footage in to get it up on
time at 3:00 p.m. as usual so I'm gonna
end it now
so the blonde time but we will see you
guys for cours birthday party which will
be uploaded Sunday that is the next vlog
Sunday so if you're watching this on
Friday Sunday two days for his first
birthday blog I'm super pumped and we're
celebrating her birthday a few days
early
so our birthday is not actually what
winners are actually birthday Monday
Tuesday Monday
we're actually birthdays Monday but
we're gonna celebrate it on Saturday and
the vlog will be Sunday I'll do a nice
big long vlog like to just want to
capture her first birthday as much as
possible so I hope that you guys enjoyed
this video so much I feel like we did so
much in the last two days but we got to
get a shower I'm covered in dirt sweat
and bug spray disgusting so Brett tickle
boy I've been fun Minnesota it's been
really cool here man it's about the
pound storm though it's like nasty out
we'll see you guys Sunday thank you so
much for everything beautiful
one-of-a-kind smile
you
