hey guys so Romans men super stressed
out he's trying to get the vlog up and
he's in his office like barricaded
himself and he's like don't come in just
leave me alone let me get this done so I
am going to take a bunch of our smile
more magnet and this GTR that is
stickers hi you wanna see it okay so
what I didn't realize is half of this
car is plastic look this whole box this
whole area flattened the door is plastic
this part up here plastic half of the
cars plastic yes I just have to do the
places that aren't plastic okay really
wanted to fill his car but I guess I
don't have to do okay
honey Wow
what I'm just several emails email time
I got the boy done now so I'm just just
the fun stuff you know why okay what's
up um I got something for you
surprise I don't know if that's a good
thing or not is it a good thing flash
first you come in here recording I'm not
like excited about it why are you
recording
you never record come on let's just go
look in the garage nope here I feel like
a popper blog yeah come out nothing
there just Magnus why don't you do the
doors because it's plastic yeah that
would have been way better
you should've done stickers then you
really would kill me get her flash get
her hitter flash don't cuddle with her I
said eater
no dinner
they don't scratch right it's just a
magnet right that's shiny that's silky
baby that's silky what if I actually got
my car wrapped and smile more like a
smile more wrap it like you're so silly
like you're actually silly it's so silly
yes I think it's silly cuz if I did this
to you it would be like permanent
stickers that are like hard to get off
this is just like actually like you did
something today to me though like we
haven't we haven't messed with each
other for a while
oh I mess with you but you don't always
mess with me this is how we're starting
today Brittany magnet is in my car
how nice she is she's actually taking in
a mall all right so now I have something
that I want to do today what's up Ciara
Sears here my friend Jeff is coming over
tonight and while we wait on him we're
gonna go do something that I want to do
it he's calling me I was digging through
a whole bunch of stuff last night and I
found my old Sony which does pretty
decent slow motion for a handycam like a
small camera so I wanted to take out the
new semi-auto shotgun 12-gauge I got
dragon's breath I got regular shells
gonna do a little slow-motion shooting
so yeah let's do it
so it's actually been raining for like
almost two days straight and it stopped
raining so this is the perfect time to
test this out part dirt or dirt Hills a
nice mud hill right now maybe just
shooting the muddled look cool like just
big old boot splatter it's not not a
sawed-off at all you want to go first
okay it's just like an aku pull back let
go and you're on you got to really pull
it back three two one
the shell didn't come out though we have
to step it up a notch that's not enough
it's not enough and the shell keeps
getting jammed I've got some oil that
I'm gonna use and we're gonna hit that
mud puddle yeah give me that gun loo
girl that's a lot of Lube money you
didn't hit the water how did you miss
three two one all right those are pretty
cool honestly but I got these dragon's
breath we got a tryout you should just
shoot all them bottles you got it
you'll probably miss anyway don't worry
about it you can bottles baby shooting
bottles you have no idea what to expect
so yeah okay Anshu listen three two one
whoo that was cool by the way you hit
one cone
you guys remember when I was gonna do
the drone video I was gonna shoot the
drone with one of those and it went all
the way from my back porch into these
woods and I freaked out cuz it was dry
out it's so wet and muddy out now
perfect time for alright we warp in
through my buddy Jeff's here sup dude
look what's that wait mr. stubby toes I
was throwing the football from Joe
Montaigne and they just hit the top of
it and just the tip of the fingers
hanging to mallet finger apparently
mallet I love all these names boxer
fresh your mallet finger you got a
mallet the name came from a mallet
Gallagher did it cheap so it's on some
steaks on I'm about to eat pretty decent
tonight hey little frog man first steak
is served medium-rare just you're like
is that look good is that that looks
fantastic thank you oh man I got sauce a
1 Shire shire there's nobody knows
that's they washed a shot werster sure
worse this year are you eating you're
not eating okay okay oh my gosh mac and
cheese
alright so yeah we've got a beautiful
medium steak right here for you anything
else I can help you guys with can I get
you anything to drink while you wait
I'll take a shower awesome broccoli some
some mac and cheese and are you waiting
for your steak little buddy
what busted mac and cheese
write it down sound the alarms
it is worth it here we are ladies and
gentlemen they've had a little steak
they're a little hyped up they're ready
to fight show me who's boss Zeus Shawn
Moo's boss but Zeus never stop never
starts it flash starts it
we are officially goofing off it's kind
of it turned into a game night and I'm
completely addicted to this game I
cannot stop playing it Noah brought his
laptop down for us let's see it came you
got to get to the base Cain you got to
get there now come on run the brakes are
out
I can't stop I got all the ammunition
back here help me down a minute just
call somebody maybe maybe I made one
wrong turn I'm out in the middle of the
desert I've no idea how to get home oh
oh I'll be there I'll be there when I
get there maybe I love you call me back
no just call me back honey what are you
doing I'm just trying to get home imma
come in for landing coming home tonight
maybe you just want to take it home
buddy just but don't let go well I want
to see it I don't want to see it because
I've been trying this like it there's no
way you're gonna make it you're gonna
blow your wheels at the bottom no I've
done it twice nope
oh she's off oh my gosh how do you do
that yeah go down the hill you cleared
it you cleared it oh you did
let's payback for yesterday that's what
you get mom oh my god guys you're not
even gonna believe this it's been
raining all night I've left my Sony
camera out here I think I don't know
we're about to find out how waterproof
this thing is man I feel such such an
idiot
guys I am warping into the night I'm
gonna edit this vlog tonight so I have a
final finally a fresh start tomorrow
I've been editing the vlogs either in
the morning or I've been ending the
vlogs on the current day so I'm today
it's tonight I'm gonna do this tonight I
want you guys to focus on positivity
today man tonight tomorrow whatever
whatever time it is for you right now I
need you to focus on positivity man I
know it's hard there's so many things
weighing us down every day there's so
much more negative surrounding us that
it's so easy to fall into that negative
world and just embrace it and be it as
soon as you can start being positive and
you can start turning all your negative
problems into motivation life just
becomes so much fun our guys it is more
fun sorry I say fun are a lot I do I
like the word funner it's not even a
word I guess all I'm saying is you can
do it and you will do it turn your
problems don't even call them problems
call them lessons these are lessons we
need problems problems are good to
change us into the better versions of
who we are right now without our
problems guys and I say this all the
time and I meet it with all my heart
without our problems we don't learn
these problems are what's teaching us to
become the better person the better
version of us we need these problems
don't think of those problems think of
these as learning tools these are
lessons man we need lessons we don't we
don't learn easily like we are we are
stubborn people people are stubborn but
with a good problem and you'll learn
real quick stay positive stay focused do
what you want to do be you love you guys
you are beautiful you're one of a kind
don't let nobody tell you differently no
matter what at the end of the day you
got at least one guy rooting for you and
that's me I love you you are beautiful
you are one of a kind smile
yeah to get that in you know juice were
putting you under surgery okay
you're going under surgery doesn't seem
to mind too much but last night he was
definitely feeling it and uh we've had
it wrapped and we've kept like basically
like a neosporin or some type of like
healing Aid on it that's a good boy
good boys these country dogs man they
play hard
