are you ready for the greatest vlog you
have ever seen in all of YouTube are you
ready for this alright that's not gonna
happen today guys in fact I wasn't gonna
upload this vlog I'm actually coming on
here to give you a heads up I really
wasn't gonna upload today and then I
just realized that you know what not
every day can be exciting for us we're
just people were just humans and that is
life like some days are fun some days
aren't today is that day so this is
actually more of a disclaimer to what's
about to come thank you guys for
watching and enjoy whatever this is this
is our day
I can't he's mine say hi to the camera
see you later alligators I'll be back
okay I'll be back I'll be back
monster hang on before I go before I go
ready let's see how far I can make it
doesn't almost made it I love you guys
I'll see you soon my lights camera
action
just kidding you make pretty mad
alright guys so here we are which would
normally be a very exciting time because
Brittany and I have no children right
now we are kid free so here we are kid
free and we cannot think of a single
thing to do we had some plans and they
kind of fallen through and I don't know
yeah I got this I got this baby I got
this I can do it multitask so here we
are like I said kid free it is not that
early we're getting a late friggin start
Brittany works mom or all day I edited
yesterday's vlog today which ate up most
of my day so here we are starting fresh
and now we don't know what to do let's
just go get a hotel room watch movies
let's
let's just pull him on the side of the
road and sleep did your toes Donna
terrible so as of right now we have
nothing to do and we have nowhere to go
it's like a weird it's you could buy
your own socks if we wish ankles like up
here we go your coffee often expressed
Chinese we go get auto parts home
improvement home improvement we have
nothing to do usually it's like alright
we're gonna do this we're gonna do that
oh you know blah blah blah now
nope nothing we have nothing like the
only thing we can obviously think of is
we're hungry we need to eat Wow no it's
the diarrhea love you guys man you know
it's always part of my brain my problem
is I'm always actually trying to
entertain you and that's that's where
like raw vlogging gets in the way
because I like cutting so it's more
exciting rather than just rolling this
camera you guys are like what is
Britney's don't want to do a giveaway
for a while so maybe we could get
something for a giveaway but we have so
much we can give away like do you have
to buy anything you have something
that's like the big newer ones are
crappy used
you surprised I mean there's some cool
stuff that we have that we can get away
all right so we're gonna do stupid
boring human things like eat eat
they've been eating out for a long time
to be honest we haven't I haven't for
long time I've been good and you really
want to wreck it right now you want to
injure Street your winning streak no we
were eating at a place that we have
never I've never been you come with Jeff
Dale's wife and it's it's like a winery
place which I don't drink wine at all no
one I think it's the most disgusting
drink Brittney absolutely loves it
drinks it by the bottles I am I can not
do wine so I got a pina colada
you have a pi√±a colada tell me something
totally totally off the grid usually I
only have that when I'm like on an
island I got the beach I'm feeling I'm
feeling tropical tonight so summer's
over the trees are changing colors there
was actually Leafs coming across the
freeway so it's like a mower for how fun
this summer
I'm excited for a fault my fault my
favorite balls the best here but winter
is gonna be fun blog's crazy as long as
we get snow as long as we get snow cold
blog it's gonna be a serious food blog
this is a pretzel bread but gets a
pretzel right oh my god looks like
something I would suck on your face
moving on to that main course we got
flaming yawns what is this that's like
an entire tree I know what it is Wow
if we don't do anything exciting today
at least we get to hang out just walk
around eat a bunch of food nothing
exciting but time time is valuable man
the only thing more evil than money is
time it's like eating us
we will now attempt the impossible the
perfect couples photo are you ready are
you ready for this challenge that's it
the duck lips you're on dot I don't know
about that
worried
we should try to catch
s-sir gets tricky
all night I know it doesn't look like it
on camera but all night it's been
looking like you have no pants on with
those those skintone clothes on camera
but when she's like in a distance I was
like and there you have it that's our
vlog that that's really our vlog for
today guys and like I said the only
reason I actually uploaded today is
because not only have we been on a
streak I think this is like 12 days and
for me lately that's a lot like I have
come for like I used to never miss a day
I did like 500 some days in a row
without missing today and to me that was
huge I was in looking back I'm like how
did I ever do that now I'm lucky to make
it a week without missing a day I've
actually missed a couple days in a week
lately so to keep going and doing 12 in
a row I'm excited to just get back on
track even if some are boring not as
exciting I know you guys appreciate the
uploads and my flash hi buddy how are
you come join the party probably gonna
get a lot of crap today for having a
short boring vlog so if you could throw
that thumbs up button for keep me going
for another day freakin love you guys
man honestly you're everything to us we
will see you tomorrow you're beautiful
you're one of a kind tell me what you
thought of this vlog we'll see it
tomorrow
smile more beautiful we're going
