welcome to the vlog Britney call
Guinness World Records column
why you don't know she don't know she
you don't know eight vlogs guys this is
our a the vlog in a row we are going for
a record whoo I didn't I didn't you know
I I think no I don't know like 910 maybe
at the best I didn't think I could ever
do this I want to thank you know my
parents my family my kids I want to
thank what was my ultimate or anything
my best well you're part of this so like
we're thanking worth a like you know I
mean my ultimate record was like 550
vlogs right 550 without mr. today 550
blogs that's that's pretty crazy now
we're at eight eight and I'm proud of
that I'm actually proud of it guys hot
out here for vlogger
anyway we got a fun day playing today my
manager John is in town this week and
John has never ever ever shot a gun of
any kind never shot a gun see you guys
know when I have friends in town that
have never shot guns I like to take them
to the range that's like very fun place
to go it's educational it's safe it's a
fun place to shoot your first gun ever
so I'm taking and we're meeting him
there right now to shoot his first gun
and you guys know I'm not just gonna let
him shoot a gun like it's gonna be like
fully automatic machine gun yeah you got
your which outfit on are you not
supposed to put the barrel on your hand
or when eyes would when I pull these out
of the case yes this shows that this is
clear okay so that means no wrong we
change John have you ever held have you
ever held a gun in your life never not
even touched one no I don't even think
I've ever been this close to a gun
before let alone
John just held his very first gun and
he's gonna do some shooting today which
is gonna be awesome and apparently he
has another surprise for us that he
didn't even tell me about don't start
something a little smaller what do you
mean it's just small look Brittney's is
like stylish glasses look at those how
you feeling like you feel you are you
nervous no awesome she brought her own
gun that she owns and she just wants the
bounces you're gonna be just doing the
thing if you are uncomfortable with guns
in general I highly recommend going to
one of your local gun ranges and getting
comfortable holding it and shooting it
and this is the best place to do it safe
you've got good people helping you and
teaching you about the weapons it's just
it helps you understand and get
comfortable with it not be so scared of
itself and then if you're still scared
you to see
yeah
the lineup your site so your site's put
dot in between
okay climb up but along the centre of
targets
you hit the red dude now I'm gonna go
ahead and pull alright so you can hold
on the trigger hold on the trigger just
a little bit you can burst
hold it down let me go baby we got a
trespasser
they have like drugs magazines time for
the m16 what this war yeah the big dog
yeah girl get it
you know that thing was throwing you
everywhere so good
whoo all right man be honest with me
how's it feel I think I'm hooked I see
you eyeballing like I want it that was
really fun
John John just had such a good I love
getting to see people experience that
like your first time is really something
like I don't know
there's my little buddy he sees me
where's my little dude check him out
happy we'll race you hey Zeus what's up
dude come on
you found my salt gun I'm in your room
I should've known I've been looking for
this for days good job man
here you go you just beat your score you
got this oh man the concentration aah
all right I want to try mommy you got to
get in on this I bet Cain can beat you
ok you got 16 and I have played this
alright so don't be mad if I beat you
you'll be happy I played this level so I
know a little bit about it oh yeah oh
yeah well you know this model I know I
know I've played it that's cheating not
cheating it's preparation huh we go oh I
just went to the trees okay I've never
been this far I don't think I've ever
been this far oh oh oh I'm a futuristic
mode whoo 71 huh Jamie might need it I
don't know what to do you got it 87 87
yes good job is this my victory hug this
is my victory thank ya dude you're doing
awesome
oh you know where to go what you're
doing it I just took a piece that you
just chopped the table
oh you this is the easy one that that's
the one I just be all right let's give
Kayne another shot all right I got a
hundred because I've played the game you
gotta beat it
I never played this you you got to set
the bar for Caine right now touch it
there you go there you go hoppity
hoppity ha you go there you go you got
it you got it oh you're killing it
you're gonna beat your score can keep
going you just beat you just beat your
score there you go stay on the track
step aah
27:27 if you guys have played rolling
skies you probably already know all this
but if you haven't get the game it's
totally free it's extremely addictive in
Florent what is that one whoa
super simple controls tons of levels so
many cool features and settings it's
like a it's like a reflex challenge game
like it will challenge you to the
fullest speed your reflexes you're just
like a brain builder whoa it's like
butter bars are those bars of butter
getting you go to the link in the top of
the description get this game it's for
iPhone it's for Android check it out see
if you can be actually what level can
you be most of you may have this game if
you don't check the game out and tell me
what level can you be 100% cuz it gets
hard fast I have only done the first
level completely if you want to fun sit
down fun actually
check this out guys and remember it's
totally free so it's just a fun game to
play
rolling sky baby alright that's your
first ever try this is guacamole go for
it it's so good go for it you don't like
it
know who we got going on here we said a
killer killer spaghetti Oh what you
think you get leftovers broccoli this
dog will eat anything he ate a frog
earlier alive
like he was hopping in flesh what a
cruel world we live in imagine you're
just a frog and you're hopping your
little way through the grass and all of
a sudden what is that you know flashes
of garbage disposal and more but is that
are we going to school tomorrow meal
prep meal prep do you hear that part
flasher just put four frogs in there as
we here's the next four meals ooh see my
baby my big old baby he's my Barbie
Smasher
how did it go she's having a boy
just having a girl a girl her name is
Kira oh they already named her I
extended this walk just to go to this
baby shower this morning my best buddy
Jeff is having a frigging girl I thought
he's gonna have a boy I thought for sure
he was gonna have a boy like when you
went to Jordan you know she was having a
girl but you wore pink ahead of time
yeah we did make it to a reveal party
I actually planned on extending this
vlog way more and I was gonna go and
hang out with a bunch of people downtown
but I got to end this vlog guys to get
today started and today's a big fun
crazy day I'm trying to get a car here
so that I can torch it with the the
flamethrower I'm trying to like get all
kinds of big stuff for you guys for
tomorrow's watch so tomorrow will be fun
hopefully I don't even say that maybe
you guys don't think it's boring I love
you guys I can't believe they're having
a girl Pyrrha here are Kira yeah Jeff's
gonna be here tonight so we'll talk to
him about his new baby girl and stuff
I'm so excited for him wow you guys know
Jeff once you see him you'll know
exactly who I'm talking about I go to
kiss him he goes to bite me right oh I
think he's successful too flash what are
you doing man he's so bad he's crazy
he's crazy we love you guys if you have
any last-minute ideas for that the flame
thrower hit me in the comments we will
see you tomorrow you were beautiful
you're one of a kind smile more
here's a dollar John here you gotta do
this dude yeah I'll do there's something
coming at you what
