are you ready to go bowling you blue
shoe you blue welcome to the vlog guys
today is in crunchiness been asking you
to go bowling for weeks and weeks
probably I'm getting lightheaded
probably before I even went on Tori has
been asking us to go bowling almost
every single day so today we're taking a
bowling push in push push push there you
go you got it put dagger are you gonna
beat me I think you beat mommy last time
you baby that's me I beat you
that's true he remembers so we are off
the first half of this vlog is dedicated
to my boy Kane who's been asking us to
go bowling over and over and over every
day we're like we can't today or we
can't and we just been making excuses so
today's it we're going let's go first of
all these are the actual shoes I'm
wearing today right here these converse
these are the bowling shoes they just
gave me if I bought bowling shoes this
is probably exactly what they look like
oh I see oh you got the 70s classic
guess what you get to go first you ready
all right
you go oh that's a good one
open it that's it cool you know forget
all right let's get them this time clean
them up do it so are you gonna get a
bumpy ball oh I still turn bowling balls
are seriously the coolest look at that
that's a seven that's not having it you
don't even think about my hand it's
pretty slower it's mommy's turn I see
you think she's gonna get them all oh
she goes you got the same as Cain first
ball always a strike you ready yeah
it does count
second ball spare every time every
single time never mess up a new the
sweetest nothing more satisfying the
spare the strike doesn't matter it's the
hug it's the hog you get okay not bad
not bad but these two years and you're
thumbing their turn
thank goodness for them gutters huh you
earned it you just got it I missed it on
camera over here I am so mad I was
standing there like if he gets this
right now oh you did it yeah that's how
you know I'm a bad vlogger right there
good vlogger captures the moments he
wants to remember and I just missed it
Kane Kane got a spare look okay there it
is seven spare we're gonna try for the
first time to blow it out there you got
this you just swing it back real light
and swing it in
there you go you just you just bawled
dude what are you gonna do if you knock
him all over right now it's crawling oh
oh oh you managed to get a gutter even
with the bumpers
got it there you go
way better that time maybe two maybe two
there you go there you go oh you did a
little back spin how many think you're
gonna get one I think you got more than
one I think you're doing good four hey
it's all about practice dude the more
you practice the better you get
now you got four let's see there you go
back there you go so much better day
scores are in first game King got a
sixty one mommy got a hundred that's
good for you even with bumpers got a 115
I'll take it
okay here we started two games we only
got halfway Cain was ready to call it
it's the first time he bowled without
ramps I'm proud of him we're off now to
get our truck which was in for many
things getting new tires for the winter
getting tuned up whatever it's a ball at
all she wears Clifford I'll see ya
there's Clifford the Big Red truck had
the truck dropped off earlier I got
brand new tires on him look at this
everything good it got totaled out what
you got everything good you sure
what's fantastic I love you be careful
that big thing what my body I love you
I'll miss you
I how do I say how do I explain how I'm
feeling right now guys like I guess the
best way for me to talk about it is no
matter how cool or exciting of a day I'm
having no matter what we're blowing up
no matter what we're doing nothing beats
this right here that peacefulness me and
my boy
stopping got some really good healthy
food huh hey you want to see if these
ducks want some fries come on let's see
it all they do you see one momma ducks
smart she brought him right over so yeah
guys welcome to my happiness here it is
you're witnessing it this is it this is
the moments right here when I was a
little kid my grandfather used to tell
me I often like not just one time he
told me that if you want to be
successful in life have children and the
more children you have the more
successful you'll be and as a kid I
never understood what he meant I never
understood how I would make more money
with more children I never understood
that it wasn't until I had my own
children that I realized success has
nothing to do with money
like you can touch here there mommy try
to give it to mama
that's a beautiful sunset Keaney whoo
there's the crazies there's the crazies
we are back home guys and I got to be
honest with you I just spent probably
the last three hours I'm not even making
this up probably two three hours give or
take either on a phone call or a live
stream I did a live stream tonight which
was great and fun but it takes away from
what I do every day and that is vlogging
when I have meetings on phone calls it
is so difficult
I gotta have to explain it to you guys
when anything I have to do outside of
the blog he takes away from the vlog so
I'm coming to you right now we skip some
time it's completely dark out now and
Kate and I are gonna step this vlog up
into a monster truck battle mayhem derby
right it's a battle to the death Kane is
silver I am blue we're gonna tear this
place apart time for a little father-son
challenge we have a little advantage
disadvantage I'm like 50 and he's only
four so my experience level should be oh
dude I love this you just built this by
himself
like completely haven't touched it so
what is this the first challenge you got
to go across to all of that oh oh no you
can't go that way you have to start on
the ground climb up on that pillow and
then go across wrong Oh
oh good good for penalties you got some
penalties we're working on their goods
daddy bonus slowness yes
this one's called and we're just making
these up as we go a tabletop challenge
are you ready this is the drag table
mommy you have to film before you escape
to the bedroom you don't want to just go
off slow because in your finals fall
yeah right
we've got a lot of pop it and then let
go quick Oh
we'll go that way so you don't the wall
yeah cuz that walls too close you should
have just turned it this way and then
you can went into the carpet what do you
drag power much of a pop land it on your
butt I was looking at yours okay level
one is the four stepper right there you
got land on your wheels do it oh well
you're supposed to go down him it was
that was perfect
oh you're going for the fast style
alright you landed on your feet that was
pretty awesome the first one to push
whoever onto the carpet when if you hit
the carpet you lose okay I'm playing
sober this time canes blue today's set
go over me
okay I have so much fun with you today
man I really needed that dude so much
well I think it's kind of late we will
oh my gosh she's lost his mind guys he's
lost his mind
we will see you guys tomorrow thank you
for everything you guys are everything
to us we love you we will see you
tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile mwah
mommy's already better than me dude
she's already got it honey
oh boy back
