let's do this welcome welcome to what I
think will be fourth of July first of
all happy fourth happy fourth
happy fourth you take that coat off
flushes ah nothing says happy fourth
like a six-foot beach ball made out of
the American flag a cup of kids and a
water blowing dragon dinosaur head Kane
happy fourth bud the fourth of July is
one of my favorite vlogs each year
because it is full of fun it's full of
family it's hot it's summer and
fireworks yeah I'm pretty sure this year
way more fireworks than last year we
have tons yeah this is me
Kane Kane and I went we got this pack of
these are like floating glow sticks that
go on the pole and a pawn um for tonight
so the whole thing will be lit up we got
a bunch of those glow sticks can plug
any of going to get the fireworks but I
can show you them how happy forth them
pew garden the fireworks you the
firework guard check them out I would
have super dark super dark come on come
on you can do it um I would definitely
do this like leaning all these stick it
out guys these are our fireworks for
tonight which is aiesec definitely more
than last year I mean these are these
are really big fireworks of course we
got like the little ones too and a bunch
of stuff for the kids smoke bombs they
like tank should light and they shoot
well some of these things are beast dude
I can't wait to go sanity so officially
welcome to our fourth of July vlog I'm
gonna attempt to look at all these
coolers all full ready to go
we are ready I mean literally we have
everything and it's just family family
family what is this what do you think
this has got to be ginger ale okay hey
sweetie put ice in it
dang we're ready to overdose on look at
this cookies
Cheetos dreams
cookies last night literally I think our
little party animals waking up I see her
wiggle her eyes are open she's just
laying there I know she's chosen six
should get up yeah oh maybe maybe I'm
gonna go get her this she's are awake
they're ready to party peekaboo hi baby
you ready to party stickers no I don't
you guys give it to me
your mommy who's here Oh see that's the
way to wake up right there mommy's arms
perfect sup pups happy Fort Lee that
shirt dude kittens with flags and
fireworks welcome to America mark even
brought your yo I literally about the
microwave hot dogs
you brought a hot dog machine I just got
these out of the fridge right now just
fart man you are America hot dog machine
hey mom what's up before it's start the
curt's
hot dogs gas stick this thing's still
warm you use it on the way no it's a
strange talent but like I'm a
professional hot dog man I usually keep
this in my backpack you mom homemade
cherry pies oh I'll start biting you
guys over more honestly easy now easy
now easy now these aren't ready okay you
guys don't know that's Brittany's dad
thanks for making her by the way I mean
it is what it is we're getting married
in like this is our month baby this is
it this is your last month as a Smith
but all the bruises from her bike ride
that she loves so much you guys ready to
get this party started
a wasp in your face sounds like a rap
song all right I got a challenge for us
I just thought of it right this second
who can make it on the board
throw me here all the way across the
pool you got to make it to the other
side okay you got what it takes
you can't you're too little well soon
you'll be able to I'm so confident in
this stock chase all right I'm gonna put
the surfboard here I'm gonna run hit it
yep do on your feet you can't go to your
knees all right okay and you got to make
it to the other side without getting wet
I'm so confident that I'm gonna keep my
shirt on and my phone in my pocket
your phone's water dang it set out so
what happens when you get to the end
you're gonna jump out you make it up you
make it like that's the challenge all
right you got a film for me Brett I got
a challenge for you have to stay in your
dress up yeah I got mom on it baby I got
to go that way to get him though I mean
you pretty much did it though no I was
sorry I did it I had to go out of the
pool yeah I got this I was too
nose-heavy
so now you're gonna have obstacles get
out of here beach ball I can go through
the beach ball I'm good that was good
that's the problem you need like you
need something sticky on your feet yeah
but awesome through that hose water
that's oh yes notice I came your a hold
it for you all right I've cracked my
son's a cheater I'm going Beach photo
it's so easy you guys stay in your
clothes okay there's a lot of
distractions everyone's going to slip
and slide all right I got you ready
lined up first try uh-oh you so had it I
was totally kidding about like the phone
in my pocket that actually happened I
was just joking because it's waterproof
but my wallet actually was in my pocket
so now it's so good man you skipped
across that thing I saw you do let me
film it go again coast is clear didn't
make it very far
whoa that looked like one of them shots
where somebody like jumps in the water
they go drip like little drips out it's
hey it's fire to the hottest days
hottest weeks of the year here so it is
just like I know every time I says it
like it's really hot here I was like
well I live in Arizona and I live in
Texas I know it's super hot there too
but here we have like crazy humidity so
it's just like this wet hard to breathe
heat it's good I don't know how to
explain it I'm loving it I'm enjoying
I'm not even complaining but it is
really crazy there's a really good thing
I got your picture before huh cuz we
just got so I think she's pooping
Hey don't say hi to everybody
you see hi say hi can't you understand
that there's there's humans inside this
lens she doesn't know what she's film
your rocket you didn't do the rocket we
were kids at the public pool growing up
my dad would do this thing where he
whistles really loud coming off the
diving board and then he'd obviously
have the explosion the splash afterwards
it was awesome as we always call it the
rocket or whatever the missile and I am
on just a surfboard seven nine so it's
plenty to hold me but I'm vlogging with
my vlog camera so if I go in this water
that's the end of today's boost so far I
got to say it we're off to a great day I
hope you guys absolutely sanded for
America dude I just got a bee sting dude
I got stung my bee dude he got me it
feels terrible I hate these things you
know okay rule for today watch for bees
I didn't think they were out here go for
it yeah oh you gotta ride that thing
Nate oh yeah this is who can ride the
ball the longest challenge something get
it little down get it down junior oh the
ball is gone it's gone what's a goner
come on you gotta jump through Mickey go
jump see me here you can be my motor
come on here we go
okay hey hey this is my block cameras
it's not waterproof right don't knock me
huh oh my gosh guys guys somebody's
gotta get off this is my whole day on
here Conner I'd hop off hop off grit
saving the ball out there come on Brad
all right let's cruise out help mommy I
think me and you is fine man use fun you
paddle for me
be my motor oh yeah we're gonna help
Britt but I think it's a lost cause that
the slightest wind just takes the ball
you have it's so awkward oh I think she
got it out of work see a beach ball look
at that flag she's blowing oh good all
right you take the camera you got it you
got it ah
mission complete baby here's what I
really want to do with that ball rocket
league the game rocket league I want
that to be my vehicle and I want to come
flying in and hit that ball it's
foolproof dude that's how you know in
rocket League when you hit the Boosters
something comes out of the back right so
we got to put some fireworks that give
you the boost oh oh I love that okay I
won't be using the motor at all it'll
only be powered by this right here it's
maximum maximum power it's raw fogged up
how hot it is out when you bring your
cameras outside they fog and they see
how cold it is in your so my thought is
we put the ball right on this slight
incline so that when I hit it we can
send it to them trees dude maybe who
knows what powered by smoke only this is
like a three-minute smoke bomb so we
should be good I say we just put the
ball and we go for it that's literally
look at that rope a pile of dirt that's
fun
well I think the wind's just gonna keep
it pushing it that's fine I think it's
perfect make sure the coast is clear I'm
gonna fly into the pond did you guys
lighting it
I think I blew it up okay here's a
little blade wasn't the shot we wanted
to get we're gonna do it one more time
without the smoke and see if we can send
this thing even high I was freaked out
cuz my donkey donkey was on the right
side of him and I know he always runs
away from this thing but in my head I
was just like donkey run I just didn't
go that fast so I'm gonna try it again
it's a good as a patriotic ball right
there baby
I had it twice and it's still good the
American ball was made in China except
from the tire it's gotta be mr. complete
that's good we're great I think we can
do real-life rocket League gigabytes
all right we're switching gears we're
gonna do some drilling got a meet on the
fourth man UN we can flip you with this
thing yes tanning flipper when she's
done
I feel bad Noah should be here anytime
he likes doing the food blogs let's see
what we're eating today cantaloupe
grapes watermelon jizz pineapple chips
she got there dude oh my god does it
look weird
are they supposed to be brown rules
going on burgers steak chicken pork chop
there's a pork chops right there but
also you shouldn't mix raw meats
together raw meats calm check it out
open this baby up oh my God look flash
waited so long for you to drop some you
know it's super crazy I had like visions
of this place being used like this one
day like everyone's here we're playing
and it really hasn't happened really to
this level until today so like seeing it
has been so fun like I don't know it's
just awesome to see like all this stuff
that we've built it's used so much by
family and friends that's what it's all
about man I love it doing things that
bring everybody closer together is is
the best such as and when you're up on
that thing is way higher than it looks
it's actually weird the good bud it's
hard to do without teeth huh that's why
it's fourth of July also awesome so you
got a low kick here we're gonna put it
you can't get fifty three candles than
that what are you gonna do you have the
numbers I don't think so let me see
oh man okay we couldn't get 53 but this
is like it's like they do at the
restaurant they just bring out a cake
with your own candles chains out there
singing happy birthday whoa oh crap it's
they're gonna blow us in you go outside
maybe you gotta walk really slow really
slow oh yeah look at flashes like for me
for me it's just gonna have to be that
way oh good she's trying so hard just
sing from here just sing from here I'm
Way too fast Oh crispy treats win course
like which one who are you which one
were you
yum-yum-yum-yum-yum has had some fun pop
up on
boom but a bump it's almost time guys
hope you've enjoyed today's vlog try my
best try my best to just kind of film as
much as possible fireworks I'm probably
just gonna film it all man if you wanted
we made it Brian
literally explosion Brittany's dad
brought the perfect trailer we were
gonna hand carry every single one of
these out he saved the day man all right
now we just organizing biggest to
smallest smallest the biggest yeah that
would think that's a medium that's a
medium that's small right
that's small oh these are for the kids
we can do these now these are parachutes
I got this one specifically for Cora
this year it's all pink all-pink so this
one serves it's my daughter and so the
first thing we do is we line them up
kind of kind of the small ones first and
we work away to medium and then large
but we open and face all the fuses out
because once it's pitch black I can't
really see to light and I hand like
these babies every year so far so good
looking good dudes looking good Wow the
gingerbread man what do you think our
yard is gonna look like after this yeah
yeah all right so this is our setup for
this year feel pretty good I actually
may not be a good thing
I personally screwed in all the mortar
kits to this board so they can't tip
over every single one of them is screwed
down to the bore so when one goes off it
won't knock all the other ones down and
hopefully that none of them can separate
or hold it where you going swim in okay
have fun slippin slidin I'm gonna say
this I think we're bigger than last year
I really do I don't remember this mini
last year but we had a great show but
look at this that's ridiculous you ready
for the greatest fireworks show your
life boom Chase is pulling out his bait
this is yours you know you have mine at
your disposal I know but I can't be
responsible for your stuff yeah but this
one's gonna look really
okay well if it looks good guys cuz a
Gil he's putting the drone up in these
guys I want that I don't want that far
back crap either I want you in the fire
yeah dude dodge the mortars as they come
you move yeah say we're just waiting for
it to get dark now huh baby I don't know
if she's gonna make it outside I'm just
so happy she's still awake I was really
worried she's gonna fall asleep she can
watch from inside to have unless you
want to stick it out I mean we're gonna
start small so we'll find out if she
freaks out or not all the pretty colors
just for you I got one just for you Cora
if you start small she'll be okay I
think so
yeah we got the lights on we're about to
launch maybe do like a little 10-minute
warning shot I feel like I need to
launch something everyone still swimming
getting ready man else is getting dark
glow sticks are coming out I think we're
ready to go wow it might be really hard
to see me right now but guys but enjoy
the show we're gonna start light and
fire and yeah I'm pumped
let's go hey hey hey show's canceled
shirts canceled go home Jace they're all
waiting bro they're all waiting on you
man does that no what is that Noah I
can't see anything I can't see anything
whoo I got it there we go
you ready for fireworks yeah all right
we're gonna have some fun just waiting
on chase money come on man you're ready
you ready mm-hmm that's a time it's time
do you have five minutes five minutes
you're gonna kill him the kids are up
there with picket signs yeah you're
right there we go first ones are
fountains for my mom she loves fountains
oh I think the whole fields on fire dude
I lost fountains so we're rocking those
for her though these fireworks dude no
what's crazy is around the hole
I can't still going whoa my torch won't
light dude scared are you done
no tits so pretty
I'm losing track my pute my thing keeps
going out
those are cool see that yeah there these
are amazing we're not even done with the
front row uh-hum I think he's going out
however getting into some bigger ones
way back up
you see boom no this one's not stopped
this guy's going all night
that guy took over on me nothing still
going going you're working under this
condition working under these conditions
so cool
god I love flowers
holy crap I don't want to walk up here
oh my god oh my that it what we got left
up here
okay my ears are ringing
okay last two before we do the group
you enjoy yeah that was awesome oh I can
see you put your light right here Haley
did you see the blue and pink that we
picked up whoo my ears are ringing solo
wait she asleep
oh I was about to say hi Cora did she
actually listen to them all
oh I need light and that concludes our
fireworks better than last year all
right I don't know that's fun though did
she see him did she see her pink ones I
got pink ones just for her what is on my
lens
though the aftermath is insane the yard
is complete destruction this box has
just self ignited and it's it's hot but
it is just hard to even see out here it
honestly looks like some of these are
going to catch on fire like they're
smoking or smoldering they're red I
don't know I'm not touching them to doll
that you guys hear the frogs back there
all back out when the fireworks went off
they just disappear it's like chief our
Birds doing burn him up my brand-new
grass oh yeah I burn it up too okay
check this out okay yeah guys what a
great night man hope you guys enjoyed
that tried to fill them as much as
fossils a little crazy trying to get
that torch to stay lit blog watch boat I
don't know it was crazy hope you had a
good time hope you have you had to get
that yeah yeah well it looks like a
pretty darn good day man place is
trashed kids are going home everyone get
some sleep I really can't believe she's
still up it's about 11:30 yeah get her
get her Cora she's usually like fighting
to keep her awake at like 9:30
it's 11:30 she's still Rocking George
you like the fireworks Britt said that
she only had to hold her ears for her
and she was just watching the whole show
so I'm so
happy about that I literally just like
powder ears that I notice look at her no
get it Cora about to just lay down she
said I'd get it Cora get your binky oh
well guys thank you so much for joining
us on another 4th of July
vlog oh girl she's fighting it
oh I wore myself out today man I am so
too I was soaked in sweat after lighting
the fireworks I jumped straight in the
pool is my sweat pants our baby
we're about to be married we're about to
be married what's yours is mine and
what's mine is yours we love you guys so
much thanks again I'm gonna go up with
the boys to bed but it's gonna work on
her and we're gonna pass out thank you
guys so much for being here today being
a part of our family
cook bomb hope you enjoyed it we love
you I hope you had a great day as well
see you soon you're beautiful you're one
of a kind smile
you
