you take your net I can't even see we're
gonna use the camera mount today what is
up guys hope you're having an awesome
day know what my buddy and I are headed
out to get a couple things we need
actually we're already here working on a
fun little project today and we need
some stuff so we're hitting the store we
got a cup actually I need underwear I
left I don't know where my underwears I
seriously don't know where my underwear
is this walk is not about that boring
stuff man we're gonna get some cool
supplies now school supplies cool
suppliers fun right
schools for fools
just kidding guys just kidding parents
where you going come back over the last
week you guys noticed Noah started a
game called find the dab and that's in
each vlog he does some dab somewhere
yesterday was under the pool in the
water which they found so fast so we've
been talking how do we make this harder
how do we hide the dabs today's gonna be
tricky and thank you guys for playing
the game it's been a lot of fun for both
of us I should say it already has it
happened has it did I even miss it dude
you want some wookie boxers way short
socks i need short socks guys all I have
is long socks and I pull them down
any socks this is just add water okay
let's get a couple get that yeah and
that I should do it right I have no idea
dude what we're doing why we even buy
now
this probably weirdest cart we've ever
had socks underwear pancakemix t-shirts
in t you got your wallet right
you brought money right it's an ugly day
in the neighborhood an ugly day in the
neighborhood
would you be mine mission complete kind
of I think it's complete we don't even
know what we're doing man we need gas
ourselves and we need a propane tanks
what if your car only drove to the sound
of music right the sound of music so if
you wanted to go fast yet and put on
like a heavy metal death metal to go
fast and to go slowly you'd have to put
on some really slow music and it would
wholly controlled by the sound of your
music
here you definitely have the steering
Ben break still but like the speedier
colors you don't have a gas pedal you
have music moments the dumbest thing
I've ever discussed but imagine like it
would force people to listen to all
types of music while the trash
some guys oh boy yep come on down don't
let us in just to me and Noah are
getting back home and this little guy
right here are you feeling better
you sure listen to this as soon as we
woke up this morning the first thing
Caine did he slept with us last night he
wasn't feeling good he slept with us he
woke up this morning what did he do no
joke at all he sat up and threw up on
the bed now luckily it was just like
water it was like liquid it wasn't like
you know yesterday I told Britt I was
like she got Brittany got up yesterday
early and went plates off I was like
vlogging because I don't want to get up
so she logged it and she was so
uncomfortable vlogging it and then I
didn't even put it in yesterday's vlog
so I felt terrible she did vlog it and I
have the footage do you want me do you
want me do you want me to put it in this
vlog I mean here's Brittany's vlog it's
just a little bit but I was so proud of
her she was song even called me she's
like I'm embarrassed of Belle so she did
good she did any broken now so here's a
quick clip of Brittany's softball game I
don't want to do that can we just go
home no dude we're already here today I
literally haven't played since middle
school and I have some major butterflies
in my stomach
why am i nervous sorry nervous hmm no I
feel like I'm just gonna come home with
a black eye
okay so playing I hit the ball I already
broke a nail it's really weird like
being a vlogger and going somewhere new
in front of like a ton of people and
pulling out a camera I don't know I'm
still not used to it and it's I don't
know makes me really nervous and
everyone stares at you like what is that
for like right now everyone behind this
cameras just staring at me so I'm trying
to film as much as I can I'm also
playing the game which is really fun I
don't know if any of you guys vlog or
not but I'm sure you know the first few
times in front of people it's really
awkward so I know I'm just feeling
really awkward today so I don't know
anyone or and everyone just stares so
yeah and I also didn't include me and my
dad's rivalry that's right I mean my dad
are fighting we're about to fight for
real I've got a GTR and he's got a
Corvette we've read your comments guys
we've seen the comments we know what you
want to do with it so I filmed this
yesterday too and get put it now I think
this little guy wants to race I think
this little guy wants to race we race
for slips only you lose you lose your
car that's the deal I think you got a
little driving experience on me okay
well we will flip we'll flip block you
get here on me
alright guys so there has been lots of
comments roaming and your dad got a race
we have to race our cars right so we
have been working on a race we're gonna
do a drag race drag strip drag strip add
a drag strip we're not gonna do it on
the open roads because that's stupid I
mean I want to do it on the open this is
not safe so here's here's what we're
thinking here's the wager here's the
wager if my dad loses I get his car if I
list nothing you the title no no I
here's what we would do guys can people
get somewhere in place or bad you guys
can help oh my gosh what if we did like
it open no we said we hook up with Vegas
city you can actually run it through a
betting thing no no buddy no betting
okay no the idea was that we drag racing
we could swap so I race in my car versus
you in your car and then we swap I'll
race in your car you racing yeah it's
just for fun sounds cool
so we're gonna build some hype on this
we want to do this next week or the week
after it's coming up maybe livestream
definitely for the vlog just a big
little practice time yeah you need some
practice time and you're gonna do it and
they told me a new set of tires is gonna
come well we'll have fun watching you
smoke them off it's a fight to the
finish we're gonna race these two cars
guys here's the funnest part that you
guys get to do right now vote vote right
now yeah they're gonna take it I've been
practicing between stop lights and stop
signs gt-r vers vet man that thing looks
mean holy cow
so make your boats GTR 4:06 man this is
a corporate battle right here even the
companies right now are like verse came
on barefoot we didn't race but we are
racing like that is coming a drag race
it'll be fun right
so me and know we're gonna go do our
thing these two are in sickness recovery
repair mode things are looking good
things are looking good they're playing
games you ready I'm gonna need your help
dude you know I'm not good at this stuff
you know you got your screwdriver banana
are you coming you feel up to it well I
will show you it's gonna be cool you
hook it up we've been keen and I've been
talking about hooking a kite to the back
of his dirtbike and we've been talking
about it for a while we're gonna have to
do that too
really really soon okay check this out
ready oh you serious right now you
serious right now
so they show up and they're like we got
you a griddle skittles stainless steel
griddle thing now this is what I seen
over at my brother's house which now
they all have one my mom and dad got one
my brother got one and then they brought
me this I gotta build this thing doesn't
sound that exciting but what we're gonna
do with it is gonna be fun yeah maybe
oh here we go
round 2 carpark frisbee she would try to
catch up boys you know what this looks
like to me a nightmare a nightmare that
looks like Grandma and Grandpa are
pranking me that's what that looks like
that looks like the end of the world
that looks like death that looks like I
have to call my brother only Dale could
do this oh my gosh there's like an inch
thick it's not that bad I think I can do
it for sure
no you shouldn't called it I got it look
it's not that bad it almost came
assembled I put a couple knobs a couple
screws a couple pieces of duct tape on
it we're done
whoa yes 95 hours later and this baby's
complete a lot of people have these
built into their countertops at home
this is like a standalone but imagine
bacon pancakes eggs sausage all at the
same time I'm out of breath I'm out of
breath
the sky is insane it's so crazy so now
I'm hired just finishing this finally
getting it up on the deck and now it
really looks like it's about to storm no
joke just has that windy cold breeze
coming in we'll see
who knows probably not maybe so to break
this thing in today instead of making
breakfast no one I thought it would be
fun to get pancake mix and attempt a
little father-son pancake challenge I've
seen this done a lot of times on the
internet but we have never ever
attempted it so maybe someone called
my brother you've heard of it so we're
gonna try I've never done it I don't
even know I might say you terrible
already knows to me 30 seconds
I already know all right shake that bad
boy go you got this 30 seconds we're
keeping it accurate it's turning into
mud butter pancakes
you know I go first heck yeah you can't
can't you undo it
Wow oh yeah so it got dark on us we
brought a light out hopefully it hell
yeah this is great
okay she's on you know what I'm actually
really worried about and I actually see
it
this lights bringing in bugs and their
land enough to eat these pancakes
hi Noah's going first number one I would
test the squirter over here before you
make your pancake because I don't know
how it's gonna come out of there okay
okay that's up that is a mighty pancake
oh I like what you got okay
he's got like a Bluetooth headset on I
try to flip it hurry I think you're done
oh no that's why there's an art it's an
art you you ever get it off air maybe we
didn't put enough spray down all right
fail I think it's my fault I should have
sprayed it more okay two things we
learned one you need a good spatula like
this and two you need cooking oil not a
little spray that crap just burnt right
on us we're gonna remix try again Kane
wants to try
what's your eye in yeah but I think
that's good for design you got better
look I see the K the a the N and the YZ
perfect
okay so Kane just did it and it's stuck
even with cooking oil and a good spatula
it will not flip it gets stuck to that I
don't know what to do I'm not a cooking
expert but I've seen this done many
times oh yeah
Zek oh it's starting to cool down
that was a rock-solid fail guys that was
failure it's funny you know what wasn't
failure we just learned how to do it but
we still don't know what the problem is
we put off cooking bags on that it is a
beautiful night man it is so nice I feel
so good I don't feel sick I'm a little
stuffy a hair I'm always a hair stuffy
the feet are wet from walking around in
your guys's splash party you hanging out
with me boy yeah he knows I'm still
upset about eating a Lego book well the
rain left us alone while we failed at
the pancakes but it's starting now drip
drip drip drip hey Keynes you leave
anything else on yeah did you alright
guys so as you can see I'm just waking
up did not in the vlog last night but
today and I kind of wanted to end the
vlog like this I didn't want to end it
last night because today we get a
flamethrower I'm not talking about like
a little thing like a lighter that
shoots a little fire I'm talking about a
backpack wearing frame throwing machine
like a full-on flamethrower so
tomorrow's blogs gonna be lit love you
guys so much thanks for hanging I've had
so much good family time the last few
days just from everybody from my parents
to my brother and his family and to my
family and it's just been uh it's been
amazing I hope you're getting some
family time and I love you guys we'll
see you tomorrow tell me what some
things we can set up for the flame
thrower also who's gonna take the race
the GTR or the Corvette zo6 well see you
tomorrow you're beautiful you're one of
a kind thanks for all the thongs up in
shares we love you smile
