hey guys guys welcome to the vlog what
is up
I'm feeling so much better today Noah is
hacking my computer right now probably
Cain is watching baby Clifford what's up
what
oh you mess with the best you die like
the rest I spent probably 80 75 80
percent of my day laying on that couch
yesterday sick it's got soul and Wow
do some flash for feeling good live in a
way I can see you do me a big favor
catch this
hope you guys are feeling great usually
I start the vlogs once we're already up
and we're out and about maybe we start
in the car but today I want to start a
little earlier get breakfast started
with your sausage eggs Britney's in the
room getting ready and today I'm
actually kind of dreading today because
today's the day I go see my hand
specialist for my broken hand I'm not
gonna lie I feel pretty good in fact I'm
not even wearing my cast right now the
bone looks funky but my hand feels
pretty good almost have my entire grip
back yeah my pinky does go really softly
my pinky goes like really good it feels
pretty good I've met a lot of people on
tour that have done the exact same thing
like a lot of you guys and you never got
it fixed in you're fine so if he tells
me that I need surgery on this I may put
like some thought into it I don't think
I'm just gonna jump into that alright
now what are you really doing on my
computer
why are you I'm not you have your own
computer open files well I can't that's
hacker talk that's hacker talk you're
doing hacker stuff on my computer the
heck Britney's computer so what have we
been lacking guys we have been lacking
some more raw logs oh the last few have
been actually short just over 10 minutes
or even less so I'm gonna try today to
just hang out on camera hang out with
you guys cook a lot of sausage look at
that I'm gonna put my camera in the slow
nothing it looks a little foggy so bad
so we're gonna hang out today oh I need
another battery on charge Dan I thought
I had 30 minutes ago wait is that what
you're wearing today that's what you're
wearing I love this shirt though okay
okay I mean the green and the shoes
matches the green in the pants and the
black and the shoes in the black in this
it's one sock boy it's one sock boy I
still always wearing one sock Oh flash
just coming to your defense okay I'm
kidding I didn't mean it I take it back
oh okay honest opinion we got new
samples in honest opinion the logos
bigger I personally love it because the
last one the sample we actually gave
away to one of you guys was smaller this
seems more legit play that oh my gosh I
actually love this bag this is my bag
tell me what you think this is another
sample this is it the actual event like
we don't have these yet it's like
Tobler's but usually if you'd see like a
picture of a product it'd be all stopped
and nice this is like destroyed wrinkled
crushed I love it so yeah we're throwing
breakfast together and we're out of here
I gotta go figure out this hand
situation and uh maybe go see some
friends and you know I think sausage is
done I think I may have overcooked it
let's dust this old dog off this thing
hasn't been driven for like ever
it's surprisingly clean well I can
definitely tell you drove this last
because the seats all the way up you're
busted busted but it's get a little too
comfortable with the car guys she's
getting a little too comfortable with
the car maybe we should try to track
down one of them like cool racing car
seats for Kane if he's gonna have a car
seat in here
oh my gosh I forgot that was in here I
couldn't find it what do you have a
picture we've shown a picture Brittany
is play softball tomorrow like so sounds
like a slow mix-up others different
versions
other than that we're heading up right
now it's beautiful outside one of our
nicest days of the year I would say and
one of the doctors all right so here we
go we're here I'm so actually nervous
because my hand feels a lot better than
well hopefully they'll be able to see
they'll be like oh it's fine or it's not
fine yeah let me get that door for you
let me get that door for you baby let me
get that for you
third floor how difficult is it for me
to wash my back one through five that's
my answer that I haven't even tried to
wash my back it's hard to wash your back
that good hand
how you gonna wash it with a bat I'm not
answering that how hard is it once we've
had to open a tight or a new jar it's
our pickles I haven't tried that either
what because I always open it using a
knife no difficulty here fix it fix it
you see that bound by my pinkie easy and
then you'll just have four fingers on
the thing that's not bad this is the
bone that you broke right here and you
broke it and it snapped off and came out
of the skin so we just have to cut it
off you can't do this anywhere you'll
never be able to hold a ball in it again
or if we don't take it we have to put
this rock oh my yeah terminator but
that's it right there that's how I did
it yeah I hit a little blue stacker
cracked my Smith's fracture that's like
wrecking falling oh no that one force
was backwards it can always be worse it
can always be where this isn't even that
bad like honestly it's not that bad like
it could be worse if they tell me today
that they're putting this screws and
stuff in my hand I'm gonna be pretty
upset because I think I'm gonna fight
that I'm gonna fight against it
I think the only reason they want to do
that is because you are right-handed
I think it'd be different for those your
left hand I can I'll become left-handed
I'm learning I'll learn the ways imagine
trying to write nowhere so I'm here with
dr. Ghul and he is a beautiful artwork
by the way that's an exact replica of my
hand here so he's trying to explain to
me exactly what I have going on with my
hand and how he's he says he's very
rarely ever operated on the type of
fracture I have which is great good news
thank you for that yeah so where we at
so it's a it's what we call a boxer's
fracture it happens is when we punch
things when we probably shouldn't punch
them I agree with that one okay here's
your metacarpal yeah 3,000 G's after
that we'll call P 1 P 2 P 3 and this
joint is called the mCP joint metacarpal
phalangeal joint and you likely without
having seen the fracture as you likely
broker right there based on the story
you told me yeah and on the side view if
this were the one on the side and here's
that phalanx so as p1 and this
metacarpal you broke it here and after
you break it usually this metacarpal
head goes like this and the that's why
you can see the you can see it my hand I
ask you the yeah but that bump in time
make it better okay okay like I said
yeah the hand feels like really good yes
best it has so what happens is if you I
this flexes you as a compensatory
mechanism you can hyper extend at that
joint so even my knuckle hyper extends
and this joint also has the ability
temperance you can compensate for this
injury what you're seeing in hand right
now is the callus that has formed in
time that will remodel smooth it out
that's awesome thank you for that
appreciate it move on so for now the
best thing to do is just for now if
anything you can buddy tape it buddy
tape it yes you take this you wrap it
around the two condors two fingers here
and then middle or the ring finger
rather
we'll do the therapy a small finger I'll
just kind of work it together yeah I
love it
so you do that for maybe another three
four weeks until again no sometimes
though and then you're all set
yes awesome huh so I've been wearing a
full like cast splint that I can unwrap
every day you don't need any more don't
need it yeah and if it's if it's really
been three to four weeks at again I
don't have x-rays but if it's been three
to four weeks I think buddy taping alone
is a good way to transition
fan-freaking-tastic man thank you so
much thanks for being on camera
I know that's weird it's a little he
said he said what do you mean you do you
to like this is it it's like reality TV
for you to basically but it's real
reality
awesome awesome freaking news guys I am
so happy right now I was I was worried I
don't usually worry about crap because
it doesn't change the outcome you can
worry all day it doesn't change anything
but I was worried about this hand I knew
that stupidity was gonna bite me that's
why I was worried my stupid mistake was
gonna bite me but it ended up being as
of now okay I'm gonna wrap this tape
around my finger I don't have to wear my
cast anymore what are you doing back
here I know I just got hot okay we have
to go get a glove or look at gloves
rubber glove no a catching glove gonna
race them
you're a stone that's race-off that's
right so okay so is there difference
between a softball mitt and a baseball
mitt bigger right yeah are you sure you
answered like you don't know I'm pretty
sure 10 to 12 that's about my handling
right I have no idea I don't even what
that means 10 to 12 was that what is
this thing they put it they put her
glugging like a steamer did it help a
little bit yeah cuz it's you and you get
them there they're so like headed home
gonna get some use out of this beautiful
day celebrate celebration I don't got a
cast them let's celebrate something Oh
cast off means vodka
we need to ran a bulldozer or a bobcat
because something I can build with
yeah how do we make that happen again
yeah there is funny OS you calling you
to read I bet they're reasonable you
doesn't mean the funniest vlog is me
getting a bobcat for the first day I've
never ever sat like never driven one
I've sat in one the member like I don't
know how to work his own a building ding
I'm gonna build like a plate rack for
the kids for the bikes the dirt bikes
whoa crazy with that gun oh hey what do
you know all right guys I got to share
something with you that I'm so excited
about I usually wait on these type of
things I make them a surprise or I just
don't say anything about it until the
day of but Monday Monday I have this
coming check this out I've got an actual
flamethrower coming to my house dude
look at this thing
three days for three days ago probably
like three days ago I get an email it's
like hey we make completely legal
flamethrowers in your state we'd love to
ship you one and you can have it and
test it in and do a vlog with it and
literally they shipped it today so I
will have it Monday I'm so excited I
don't know what we're gonna do I need a
list guys give me a list of things I can
do with the flamethrower I'm so excited
about it my brother and his family are
on their way over and I just I don't
know what we're doing
she's one crazy she's never driven one
this is Brittany's mom
Brody's mom's driving a quad for the
first time ever both dogs oh she just
went the ditch oh I heard a loud scream
my heart dropped
Zeus knows like with us he jumps right
in front of quad he knows to stay clear
right now
he's like uh okay guys I'm gonna warn
you Roman just had some expresso he's
never he's over there making his own Ice
Ice Baby song he's never had expresso
look like I'm picking up the camera and
showing me I'm just gonna say this I
you guys know I drink red Bull I drink
pop I haven't had redbull for a couple
days and I just had this eye lit they
got my brother here we're playing some
old-school black ops which we haven't
done together for a long time I have
three so here we are with an
old-fashioned game night flashes crashed
on my brothers but you know what's going
on you got your pocket boys ah nothing I
have never had more issues playing
together every time we joined together
it crashes which by the way I'm number
one
now MVP 1750 kills dog we're just
hanging out goofing off can Ishrat
you've got four kills dude that's good
you guys playing call of duty sometimes
when you die it could be a four year old
that killed you like he's decent it's
crazy to think about that you know
though that's your guy oh nice good job
get away from the take you know yo if
uncle Dale farts right now it's game
over for flash what's up Oh would you
would you always rather be cold or would
you always be hot like like I can only
be cold or I can only be hot forever oh
I hate being cold well I'd always be
cold but I hate being hot - wait you'd
always be cold
mm-hmm yeah I can't even answer that I
hate being both which one would you guys
rather be hot all the time or cold all
the time I feel like I'm always cold all
the time already I'm always like oh man
that's a good one we are warping into
the bedtime mode - help yourself to the
trash what do you have sauce yeah you
better walk away I didn't mean it buddy
all the food in the world and I want to
see when he'd stop eating me Zeus would
stop eating when he exploded like a
physical impotence well guys we actually
did in the vlog last night I left Noah's
room and I don't know what happened I
just disappeared into thin air
just thin air go on in dreamland I'm so
happy that such good news guys this
really was the best news the day no
surgery no cast I do need to wrap these
fingers apparently though just to kind
of this finger is gonna teach this
vineyard how to work again so it's a
little buddy system thank you guys for
being here through the exciting through
the boring you're here we can never
thank you enough thanks for sharing the
vlogs given these vlogs likes and loved
let's continue the Twitter spree bro
both blue both Britney and I will be
doing our biggest follow spree today
get ready everybody that retweets
favorites our tweets we're following so
we're gonna hit it hard today
big follow spree from both of us go to
our Twitter give us some love and we
will hopefully be following you we'll
see you soon
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile
