okay what is going on what is this we
had nine million subscribers he was like
this yesterday yesterday this is a crazy
nine nine mil thank you I'm scared smile
yeah look came that cool alright give me
something pop this with congratulations
on hitting 9 million subscribers on
YouTube we are so proud of you your
friends at studio 71 us whoo I have to
remind my management that they're a day
late so welcome to the vlog guys today
is I told you I was promised you that I
was going to announce something a
project that I've been working on
forever and not just me I'm talking
about my whole thing this is a family
project mom dad brother Britney kids all
of us this is something that we have put
a lot of time and just made it so fun
for us and it's something that we have
done for a long time and now we're
actually turning it into something for
you so I'm nervous about this I'm super
excited I've literally spent almost the
whole day trying to figure out how I'm
telling you guys this and I've even had
time to prepare for it I'm still like I
don't know what to say so you guys know
firsthand that I am all about family and
I'm all about getting more family time
spending time as a family whatever it is
I'm always pushing it on you guys sit
down play a game you know watch a movie
together turn off your phones for 20
minutes and just speak and I've been
really driven to push more family life
on you guys you guys know I'm all about
trying to get more time with my kids and
Brittany and my parents and my brother
and his kids and that's who I am as a
person and over the last year you guys
can clearly see that my content has
become cleaner my videos are driven to
create fun environment where a parent
can watch with their kid or you guys can
watch with your parents and it's
something my passion has been pulling me
to and that is creating fun clean
content even if it's sitting with your
family watching my vlogs I mean that's
something fun and I want to I want to
always have that place for you guys I'm
excited I'm nervous is it like the two
words that come to mind excited and
nervous I'm ready I'm just gonna show
you this is from my family all of my
family to your family let's do more
family things I'm gonna show you a quick
video of what we created it's silly it's
goofy it don't take it too serious but
it's fun and we had fun making it as a
family to present you guys with this
hey guys i'm roman atwood welcome to my
home this is my beautiful family
brittany kane no up my brother Dale my
mom Sue and my father Kurt and this is
more and pieces war and pieces the fun
family game of skills building and
destruction build your fortress assemble
your army and defend your block soldiers
from enemy attack launch your catapult
knock out all enemy soldiers and win
coming soon directly to your home but
only if we hit our Kickstarter goal
every pledge house I think a good place
to start is where this game came from
how as a family did we come up with a
game like this you started making these
stackers and it flourished some memories
from my father's childhood of what they
actually used to do with them what did
you do when we were kids my brother used
to have a bunch of dominoes and we would
build these castles and then build
weapons to destroy them last man
standing always one to start the game
each player selects a block color and a
build map and must use all their 50
blocks to build a huge tower next you
assemble your army by hiding your
soldier blocks on top of your tower the
first player to finish placing all their
blocks gets to go first in the attack
phase you get to launch your catapult
and try to knock out all your opponent's
soldiers but beware some soldier blocks
have hidden power bonus stickers on
their back the player with the last
soldier standing wins so guys one of the
coolest things about this entire game is
the fact that my brother Dale actually
manufactures every single block to the
game it's all made right here alright
guys so this is what you're getting
you're getting the warrant pieces box 50
blue stackers 50 red stackers 5 soldier
blocks each you get the stone ammo you
get the catapult you get one wall that
you'll battle back and forth to collect
4 game mats each one has a different
building option but this is just
prototype that's actually true this is
the prototype this isn't the actual box
if you're familiar with Kickstarter do
you know there is unlockables we are
gonna be working hard to come out with
awesome new things as this campaign runs
through like this is one of the
up-and-coming unlocks and it is a big
Archer bout in each time we unlock
another level everybody that has already
bought the game also receives the next
unlock every time something is added and
we unlock it you get it we need you to
make this legit and official let's
unlock all the challenges
let's hit all the achievements the more
we unlock the more you get for your game
what makes this so special to us is that
this is a game that we designed as a
family for your family and you can enjoy
it you can sit down together brother on
brother battle mom versus dad this is
like a fun sit down cause some chaos and
have a blast
get him where it counts
so guys it's our first game ever check
it out we're on the box Noah you look
like Noah we're so excited to release
this to you guys we've worked really
hard on it obviously this is just a
prototype box that we had made and this
isn't an actual like box that you get
you get a really cool box but these are
our mats and our game pieces and this is
just stuff that we've put together
ourselves but when you get the game
you're gonna get it all and it's gonna
be official this awesome catapult we had
made shouldn't mommy shoot at mommy get
her get him fire so guys this isn't like
a game that a company made and we're
pitching it to you this is our game that
we have created as an entire family and
we are bringing it to you personally and
I'm just so excited about it man let's
do some family stuff
we'll always talk about like things that
you can do with your family so this is
like our master planner it is it really
is this is an actual game we play
together that we've created into one box
so you get it unfortunately you're not
going to get these cool zip locks just
the way we packaged it this is like the
ultimate Christmas gift parents play
with your kids kids and play with your
parents everybody that orders this will
get it before Christmas which is massive
I've been told no matter what you'll get
it your versions will be much cooler
these won't be paper we just print
literally printed these on paper for
your laughs like where you have to build
I am putting please everybody right now
click on the top link in my description
it's the first link you see go check out
this game just go check it out it is so
fun for everybody uh grandpa's can play
it grandma's can play it little kids can
play it it's just so fun to pull that
catapult back and crush everybody's
castles so please smash that link go get
this game you'll get it before Christmas
and let's make this so official and you
can also play foot box flip box with it
this is where you just take the box and
you flip it back
totally making that now I would not be
coming to you this excited I know we did
put so much time into this game so much
effort even the heart work was so much
fun we had made I will be over at
Kickstarter 8 p.m. Eastern Time live on
the Kickstarter page click the link go
check it out and then tonight at 8 p.m.
tonight 8 p.m. Eastern I will be live on
the page you don't have to sign up you
don't have to sign and just go to the
page that's in the top leg and I'll be
there hanging out with you guys talking
about the game playing the game
you name it we're gonna be there having
fun get this game before Christmas play
it with your family play it with the
kids kids destroy your parents at this
game parents destroy the kids it's so
fun and that's all I got that's all I
got yeah we're releasing our first game
that's a big deal he's like I guess it
is oh I hope you and your family have a
blast with this I really do it's so fun
I can't wait to see your pictures
playing and building your castles and
building your your war like what are you
doing forget it
hard boiled eggs looks so good right now
covered in salt salt and government
sells what idea no well we just tell
them about your game because most people
have caught on already to what's it
called find the dab yeah fine define the
dab okay so lately every day in the
vlogs Noah has been dabbing somewhere in
the vlogs and we've actually turned it
into a game a lot of you have figured
out I think Noah's doing this as a game
so we're just gonna tell you now it is a
game and somewhere in every vlog lately
Noah has been dabbing so has it happened
today yes it has I do have to ask you
guys for one quick favor any time I do
something very positive or uplifting or
do some for other people you can't
believe how much it brings out the hate
it brings out so much hate in people I
don't know if it's jealousy I don't know
what it is whatever it is we just push
it off usually but today releasing this
game for you and your family I know that
it's gonna bring a certain level of hate
so if you support us if you support
trying to bring families closer together
please give this video a like give this
some love man because I know the haters
are gonna sit back and
 their crap I have you guys and
that's all that really matters so thank
you guys in advance smash them love onto
this video and uh yeah so there you have
it guys the announcement is our first
game and it's it's it really is a family
project that we have made and done
ourselves and we're bringing it to you
and your family enjoy it have fun with
it make this something you guys do
together when you turn off your phones
for 20 minutes or this is that excuse
man this is that excuse to have a little
one-on-one time with your with your
parents or parents with your kids or
brothers you can you can team up with
your little brothers and and attack your
sisters castles and like let's make this
so fun and send me pictures of this
stuff guys
so again top link in the description
check this game out we will be updating
the cool thing about kickstart if you
don't know what Kickstarter as
Kickstarter is like where you go to
create something you're still working on
so the game is what you see a printed
box with Ziploc bags of stackers and
printed pieces of paper kickstart is
where we're gonna go and update this
game every single day new challenges new
things that we have to do as a team this
is like a huge team effort to make this
game so official I have to be honest
with you I am filming this now the next
morning so I'm now cutting into
tomorrow's vlog for this so I need to
wrap it up and start tomorrow's vlog
again I can't thank you guys enough for
supporting my family with this when you
buy this game you're supporting my
brothers factory making all the stackers
you're supporting us and you're having
fun yourself so check it out
top link in the description check our
page every day because we're gonna be
doing updates and new challenges and
when them challenges are complete we
unlock new things for the game which you
will receive if you've gotten the game
so it's really cool it's a fun project
it's not just buy the game and you're
done
it's buy the game and we're gonna keep
adding to it and at the end of those 30
days you get everything that's been
added to the game as well so have some
fun with this guys thank you for
everything
help me make this game a masterpiece
send your ideas send your suggestions
you can put that all on Kickstarter
let's do this we will see it tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile more
it's pretty tough with my cast oh you do
