hey guys welcome to the vlog welcome
back to Ohio cane what's up dude I think
he wants a rod mom I think he wants a
rod right what's up we are home it is
beautiful it is sunny we are let's get
the day started
first I know you never wear glasses I
love it let's do it
hope you guys are having an awesome day
we're getting this vlog started we're
gonna wear off the dogs really quick we
usually do it with an RC truck but today
I'm gonna do it the quad on it works
good it works really good here we go
y'all that's pretty tough with my cast
oh don't go in front of me stop flash
we got it nice and easy nice and easy
a little bit this way you got it keep
going a little more a little more good
job dude kill it I love it
welcome back to a home and it feels so
good to be home guys I don't think I
have to explain to you guys how happy I
am to be home got my little man
something at our house has literally
chewed either in or out of this trash
can look at that it's like hard plastic
go on up to get no I have an idea today
actually inspired by our trip to London
no uh hello you ready you're not ready
how long until you're ready oh you're
playing with Owen I'm never gonna get
you I'm never gonna be able to get you
away from the games they like super
detailed our truck while we were gone
it's so clean even the silly string is
gone I'm gonna miss that silly string
it's like they're for a year
something that I think is gonna be
really fun they actually we've never
done it in the vlogs I don't know how
we've never done most never done but on
our way from London we stopped at a
family's house and they let us do it
there and I thought why haven't we done
this here so we're gonna go check it
I'll see if we can find anything that
would be fun and I think it will be the
truck is so clean I'm so broken oh I
think honestly this is heavy years ever
like I'm gonna be honest I've been
drooling drooling like when I sleep I
was like I don't know if I slept but I
have a pile of drool so that's how I
know I've slept and it's making me like
break out on the Sun
where you see it no Monday's closed
what's today is today Monday no um what
dick sporting good he'll have anything
the super super bummer that happened to
me
like a long time ago I came here
neighbor clothes whose clothes no okay
well this is awkward now I had all this
hype all this thought about this today
and I was excited too we'll save it will
say that promise well that was a total
flop what's up so flash okay alright so
we're back home that was kind of a waste
of a trip but I'm a little distracted
right now because look at this you guys
ready oh man oh they're going down
they're going back up here it is guys
the live subscriber count' for the
channel it is oh we lost one we lost one
not okay not too bad not too bad not too
bad
going back up going back up getting
close body okay you know what we do lost
what nope it's going back like fall you
can watch it mm-hmm
we are extremely distracted right now we
really can't do anything else because
we're watching this counter this is
amazing so we're literally just sitting
here watching the counter like a pot
ready to boil I think it's actually way
worse to sit there and watch it because
the time goes so slow you just watch
each number click click click Britt
Britt Britt cooking cooking in the kit
kick kitchen okay so the first planted a
film which was actually gonna be really
fun we were gonna go get show tell them
it's not really a surprise it's just
something fun for the family all of us
to do as a family and that was go get
like a real set of bow and arrows and
all kinds of cool targets like all kinds
of cool things to shoot at and I don't
know I was gonna find a little bow for
Caine and we were just gonna like be
archers so that fell through today so
now we're watching our subscriber count
we're goofing off for playing video
games and I think for 9 million subs I'm
gonna do
something really ridiculous that I've
been wanting to do and I wasn't gonna do
it today at all but since our plans fell
through we might as well do it right
plus we're at nine million almost not
yet nine million subs yeah yeah I think
we should do yeah I think we should do
it are you ready are you ready it's
about to happen
oh here we go guys here we go wait wait
it's going back hang on
false alarm Zeus nine million dude yeah
good job so obviously I can sit here and
celebrate with my family but it is
nothing without you so thank you guys
all of you guys for being part of that
nine million and being here each and
every single day it is entirely you
thank you for being here thank you for
helping us reach this the next stop is
the impossible the number I never ever
could ever imagine being at ten million
but let's enjoy nine that is such a
massive number I never even cared about
six seven or eight but nine I care about
because it's the last one before 10 and
if that happens Wow it's crazy so it's
it it but now look how long you got to
wait till the next one like it just
takes forever now hey flash flash
what up all right we're gonna grab some
dinner Brent made one of our favorite
chicken and cheese Lauda's chicken and
cheese a lot of I love mine which i put
chips on everything I chip apply it
crunch fi it easily good these look good
Kane's got a bowl of pickles
we're gonna eat that I'm gonna do
something really dumb I've actually
wanted to do it for a long time but I
know it's gonna be ridiculous are you
gonna do it with me you know what it is
you don't know don't worry guys I got
the flycatcher tonight don't worry about
it swing them still in there you drink
the flower our ACS been alice we got
like windows and fans and uh there we
got flies in the house flies are in the
house it's a real thing so here we go I
know that a lot of you guys have
probably already done this and it's
nothing to you to me I'm nervous because
I've never done it look Kane you won't
pick one of these out for me which one
says no there cannot be longer in two to
three millimeters you're out does that
mean Brittany's gonna fill my nostrils
with hot wax and then pull out all the
hair in my nose that sounds terrible but
it's gonna feel so good after okay to
heat the wax in the microwave please
refer to the table below a full pod is
two minutes heat it up this one came
yeah he said it looks like Mario is for
just keep the wax off I know what it's
for
just make King smile no I look really
good with a moustache would you like
Daddy to have moustache yeah if this was
my moustache you went like ErRh okay I'm
just telling you there if it was my
moustache you have to love me wait
longer put it in one are you sure oh my
gosh maybe not let's try it no a little
more how hot is it I feel it more ready
good okay what do you want to do lay
down lay down
uh-huh I look ridiculous Kane
your daddy's goofy no I have a real
concern it's not gonna pull my skin out
right
oh my doctor doctor I have no idea have
never done this before I honestly looks
concerned about it because the way it
feels like when I oh you gotta rip it
don't go slow you're gonna like are you
ready yeah flash yeah one two oh it's so
good oh I think we need to do it again
no okay ready pump around - I'm not I'm
not happy with the result
oh okay it's hotter and she's gonna put
more in this time it's disgusting I
don't wanna show you guys everything I
don't want to show you that maybe I'll
show you this one are you happy you came
into this home huh
are you happy you came into this home oh
man I I feel like you really got it to
stop I didn't it feels so weird cuz I
can't breathe in or out of glass you
only wax it oh watch watch watch
oh so gross
oh you really got it at night well it's
like a stuffed animal Eddie yeah let's
see your ears next I would do my ears
let me get stuck in my ear oh oh you're
using the calming wine it says after
after laughs Oh
does it help no way that helps I don't
know I really don't know roofie is there
any hair up in there no it hurts like on
the outside you see the hair on there
okay that was so funny
are you checking to see if there's more
hair in there yeah oh there's something
else is the worst
it's why you're supposed to wear the
mustache yeah yeah I feel like I can
even breathe better no seriously like
there's not tickling when I go in and
out and see you kids don't have to worry
about this stuff as you get older like
me start getting a little nose like a
lot of nose hairs Oh sleepy dummies
because we are one day away tomorrow I
will be announcing the big project we've
been working on for a long time I know
that most of you are gonna love it some
are you're gonna hate it that's just
part of what I do but I guarantee it is
exciting for us it's really exciting
we've been working on this as a family
together
I've seen a lot of guesses in the
comments but nobody has actually guess
what it is so so anyway guys tomorrow is
the announcement and I'm very very
excited about it I'm nervous about it
too because it's something we have been
like creating as a family and whenever
you put something out there you're gonna
get a lot of love you're gonna get hate
you're gonna get everything but the
fastest way to fail is to try to please
everyone man so keep doing your thing I
hope you guys enjoy it we will announce
it tomorrow we love you you're beautiful
you're one of a kind trying to guess
what it is smile more blush it doesn't
even look comfortable what are you doing
