what's up guys welcome to the vlog I am
a complete zombie right now it is really
really early I want to tell you that you
should never ever ever be ready in the
morning because fousey will never ever
be ready no matter what time bus call is
boosie's always late so you can spend
all morning getting ready you'll still
be pussy like an hour oh you got is
breakfast that's mine don't lie it's
just - look look what that is look you
couldn't think to grab two more I did
grab two I'm going back to sleep nobody
wake me up nobody
I just sleep but you know I was totally
asleep no I saw you - no I feel great
I worked on myself for a long time to
produce these vines pablo is it true
about the allegations
apparently the crew boss with all our
equipment and the crew broke down 30
minutes outside of this town so there
are stranded in the rahein all of our
equipments out there and no yeah so
there might not be a show tonight
Manchester is that like it is easy it is
- no Pablo gave it away
so we are leaving a beautiful Scotland
and it's almost rain the entire time we
were here we got a little break
yesterday the Sun came out and we got to
see a piece of it
but we're heading to Manchester England
right now which is about a three four
hour drive I hope you guys enjoyed
yesterday's 35 minute vlog trying to raw
blog as much as possible on this entire
trip just you can see a raw vlog Rob
isn't raw dog like a Sirius XM station
what I blog in this early no I saw you
when I walked out was like oh god he
never stops you're always talking to
y'all no because today we're on we're on
this little buffer I know in four hours
any worth the show on Isis like exactly
I gotta I gotta I gotta hang out with my
soldiers bro one day you're gonna
understand one day you're gonna be a
real boy how'd you sleep last night
princess we're headed to the breakdown
scene
what breakdown scene look the crew is
broken down believe me every blonde now
has to be a prank on pussy
oh is this them we're pulling over dude
what is this wait you guys are really
stopping on the side of the road for a
brain there's nobody in there huh what a
pressure brush oh what some headphones
yeah price should listen to some music
the crew got of another bus we're headed
up that yo it's a riot out there we
found headphones we found there's cows
there's sheep are they alive yeah what
is it
bombs awesome just stopping at a kind of
like a little rest stop here we got
McDonald's healthy stuff only
Singaporeans what is that what is that
oh my god yeah you are
wait you gotta get the classic red yeah
put it on okay let's get some let's get
some like Scottish Scottish undies kilt
boxers whoa
cables they smell amazing whatever it is
over in Europe they have they have
different outlets in the walls so I'm
gonna even charge this vlog camera yet I
have multiple batteries that were all
charged I'm gonna try to show you an
outlet
someone I've seen some out there we got
to get out wet adaptors that's what it
is
would you get couple Donna oh my god I
had Nutella donut s'mores donuts I've
never heard of this come crispy I'm
trying to find different things that
they have here we do not have drench I
don't know what drenches or bento bite
until every one of Scotland's I'm going
easy it came and sat right
we don't have Rubicon get the lion
chocolate bar dude extra crispy
I know and then they have Kit Kat chunky
I've never heard of that
yes ready we are headed to manage that
oh wait what's happening here
oh it makes noise hope we got our
money's worth baby we got our money's
worth
it's like too quiet to be worth putting
speakers in it but it's kind of like
because it's in your ear it's loud i
just opened the screen up for the first
time oh this is me I should've had this
last night alright for real we're
getting in our bus we're headed to
Manchester this guy's like he's not
getting in my bus
he's not getting my bus you guys ready
to eat oh you haven't seen our wire
nothing I know you made fun of me other
Guns and Roses they know who nard Juarez
you look exactly like a narc are y'all
fousey yeah I'll just make it sure
you're comfortable you good
come here come on stand right here yo
country no go get him keen on go get him
yo yo I'm not getting out all right guys
we just got here and this bruh bruh ran
up and he just got in no you're not
getting out no I'm seen in but then
y'all I'm just telling you dude but
you're gonna have to go y'all dude he's
just not bring our bus no I swear dude
we have made it to Manchester guys hello
we've made it to our hotel room this is
the outlets I was telling you guys about
this is what it looks like in the UK
versus the u.s. is just obviously you
guys know that's the u.s. so you have to
give these adaptors and I de haven't had
them I've had any so this is the first
time charging my blog camera batteries
luckily I had extras so here we go the
venue brittany is gonna meet up with me
have fun get some nap whatever you want
to do nope and we're ready I'm ready to
go check this out so this is where we
are now I feel like a spy right now we
need a telescope oh there's people is
that a bear or a dog annoyed that what
is that what is that I think they see me
I think they're watching me what's this
guy watching what's this guy up to
anyway let's go let's hit the vision
let's have some fun that I will see you
very soon
oh man it's so weird to be in a city and
not even have time to
in it at all I've been Peter in the boss
on the hotel back in the bus to the
venue from the venue to the next city
it's crazy no time I look at this place
but you call him yo who you call him
picking your ear you're using a banana
stem I was not I was not doing I tell me
what he was doing you guys tell me what
he's doing his country and I just
witnessed this I was you can open it
from the bottom like it I was trying to
buy day look at me Oh guys please don't
screenshot this please please
I'm sure oh my gosh everywhere tonight
this is good this is good night Pablo
did you do sound check for me Pablo I
gave you 10 bucks to do my soundcheck
why can't you just do my son look at
this place
we got a fully packed house in
Manchester England tonight look I'm
genuinely smiling ear to ear right now
can we get some house lights real quick
this place is beautiful 2600 seats and
we got bright bugs dude this is never
there's a better view that is beautiful
man talking about you Elliott now I'm
talking about you it's beautiful
now for my favorite part of the show
soundcheck you guys know what this is I
gotta put this guy on and they check our
levels they check the audio to make sure
that nothing Peaks and nothing squeaks
and here we Prince Ali fabulous he
I forgot to tell you guys so when we
left our hotel in Scotland this morning
I left all my clothes in the closet
because I hung them all up being
responsible I was like I'm not gonna
have wrinkles I'm gonna hang them up I
love this is me this is it this is all
yet it's the room belonging to the names
is still occupied with all of their
luggage
can you please is that what I'm really
sound like oh I didn't know everyday you
I did not all of them obviously these I
have like two pairs of shirts in my
suitcase that I have two pairs of pants
I'm not totally in the nude here you
know I'm surprised although you call me
out for wearing this what do we call you
out I love it huh yeah but dude another
kitten roses even though kisses sing me
a song
yeah I don't know if I have to told you
guys this at all we are at the Apollo
tonight in Manchester England and that
is like such a huge insane honor like it
just hit me right now as I come up the
steps I was like we're at the Apollo
like that is I think impossible is like
the perfect word that comes to my mind
when I think of why am I here impossible
like that's the word I'm thinking of so
man I just I wouldn't be here without
you right now so thank you guys so much
I hope you're having an awesome day I
hope that the tour vlogs aren't too
repetitive I'm trying to show you more
of just what we're doing and less of the
stage and you know things like that I'm
really just trying to bring you back
into what we do and what we're doing so
I hope you're enjoying it I hope you're
keeping your head up I hope you're
staying positive and just know that if
you keep doing what you love to do
regardless of making money at it you
will become great at it you can become
the best at it I'm still far from that I
know that I'm still far from that but I
still
do it regardless I did this stuff before
I made money I did this stuff when I
lost money every day I lost money for
years before I became anything so if you
take anything away from when these vlogs
when you watch these vlogs be take
anything away from just know that this
doesn't come overnight guys you start a
business don't expect success tomorrow
it takes time and never do it for money
money's byproduct of doing what you love
do what you love first let money come
and it will come I promise you that like
I said I'm honored to be here tonight
I'm a little extra emotional I'm looking
at a sold-out show in England it just
it's just crazy man so come along with
me let's finish this day let's have some
fun and we're going to meet agree right
now this is funny how they hung this do
fousey can I ask you one question real
fast do you know we're at the Apollo
right now in England
that's insane this is the o2 like this
is the real deal you know perform here
to perform here kiss
gene Simmons was here Harry how are you
buddy
you are amazing give me a hug he's got
anti fousey guard on and your sister
very nice to meet you you guys excited
or what we're gonna make this such a
special Mary buddy
100% Oh children Oh and whoa what are
these all right I'm gonna tear these up
this is for my kitchen table these are
paper plates no way
that's Kane's plate you made these
he made it yeah he made it but your
subject that is absolutely incredible
and like seriously Oh
oh my gosh look at that dude you got
some serious skill my friend you know
how much these are gonna go for on eBay
okay this is come on oh this is for
Santa he can do it I am amazed at almost
every city somebody has tattoos you guys
are extra special we see that
he said smile more fish let me see you
know what I'm upset about you all beat
me to my own tattoo everybody has got
this thing about men and you have one
too oh my god
nothing makes me more happy than seeing
families at our shows coming together
you guys are rocking all the merch thank
you so much you want to say anything can
I give a shout-out to my family here my
awesome hey yeah thank you guys for
coming out there girlfriend's
boyfriend's you shout it out your family
I love that number one family over
everything
I'm just vinegar since 2013 i'm just
everything that you've ever done for me
and everything like no in the first was
like okay you have all seen me either
retweet this but actually you were fan
of the week and the smile more storage
you miss me it's you limited mission on
a bulking t-shirt i don't doubt it
you have everything they said they
prepared what you got this must be pops
right there man thanks for bringing them
out let's have some fun
alright man can i get your hair look at
this smile more doubt look at you made
all this custom stuff you want to say
anything
hi Ben and thank you for letting me look
yeah yeah look out DJ yells oh I'm gonna
get an earring this big on my nose there
I thought yours already then looking
good I never show this on the blogs we
love the bright boats hi how are you
what's your name are you running our
verse tonight are you ready are you
ready as they hit it hard
we have something we've never had on
this entire tour and that is a bright
bugs and you get red and blue you get
two in two so you get four bright bugs
can get her a set can you give my buddy
there you go thank you guys so much
get ready they're coming in after you
tonight we usually come up and see
everything you guys brought us from the
meet and greets and I'm already excited
about this day I'm not it wasn't
something I realize that's flash and
this is it's a cool gift that a fan
brought you tonight here open it open it
I think you're gonna like it don't look
just open it you guys always bring us
the coolest stuff I know she's gonna
like this it's a pizza necklace the
slice of pizza what do you think I love
it there's awesome
pop-up we didn't do anything wrong so
please have a good show tonight
thank you very great show upset tonight
wish me luck
they're so hot
Oh
somebody blew the hallway up or passed
the show guys show's over we're gonna go
sit our good-byes and head back we are I
am
crashed after that tour that man after
uncie I can talk crashed after that show
usually I come up with a lot of energy
but I went straight to the couch fell
over that's a wrap look how fast they
tear down man
unbelievable thank you guys so much
whoo okay oh man guys this shows over
the meet and greets are over the night
is coming to an end
Britney is about to go to bed you
forgive me no it's already a knot it was
like a little love tap deal right there
no I don't feel anything
so that is it guys we are calling it a
night
I got nothing else where we going
tomorrow what were we going tomorrow
Birmingham Birmingham that's right right
thank know I think you're right and then
London yeah we have four shows in a row
Oh two more shows so thanks again guys
hope you're keeping your head up I hope
you're not hitting your head against the
new walls we have two more shows and
then we get to go home and do the fun
home vlogs and the kids and then just
the home long dining home she FaceTime
Kane today after the show and I just I I
lost it like all I wanted to do was fly
home he's so frigging awesome my kids
are awesome
talk to know it today and ha so we love
you with that being said with only two
shows being left where should we go next
we're still adding another leg this tour
so we're looking at australia and dubai
right now all the shows are worldwide
not in the US i don't think there's any
more in the US so hit me in the comments
where should we go next
thank you guys for everything keep your
head up you're beautiful
you're one of a kind smile more
