where's your bike where's your bike oh
my god welcome to today's floor guys
welcome hey Britt what's up girl we are
I know you said you're nervous why don't
be nervous there's nothing challenging
you've never done it oh yeah what are
you doing hey when's the less than you
wrote a bicycle today's your day we are
we got our bikes in the back and we're
gonna hit some trails which hide you're
not gonna buy I'm not good at this I
forgot what my GoPros I literally had I
was in the shower this morning with like
a mental checklist GoPro tripod vlog
camera battery all this stuff I left
with this so this is what we have today
hopefully I can how do you ride how do
you ride mountain bikes and vlog it's
gonna be very difficult maybe a little
bit of a letdown right now but welcome
we're excited to get out it's the
hottest week of the entire year and
how's blaze
it was 99 yesterday with like this crazy
humidity so we're like yeah it's gonna
be challenging baby
cardio child kario be okay we just
arrived at the very beautiful work for
Alum Creek and I used to ride these
trails along the years and years and
years ago I haven't been forever and we
were men in a car and like you have to
be so bad like what do you do like I
have to going now I'm what I'm literally
going in the woods the woods baby all
natural do the bathrooms here are nuts
oh my god
all right baby girls have some fun let's
do this all set but it's new baby I got
you I got you
alright heading up to the first trail
six miles the six mile trail just should
be fun alright pretty sure it's gonna be
just about impossible to film especially
since I got to film really with my right
hand and my right hands like my dominant
control hands so it's gonna be like I
don't know we'll make the best of it are
you the low low gear drop a gear down
one thing for sure like getting outside
and doing something you can go either
way
yeah this is right up there with just
getting out and having fun man like
burning energy riding with a friend your
girl whoever it's awesome that's
beautiful okay come on don't be scared
it's like it's only 20 foot drop Brit
super nervous she's never been mountain
biking so this is like there you go plus
we get to ride along this water look at
that Bret if you go off you're just
hitting water sure could give it this is
amazing beautiful look at this trail
water trail water it's awesome I just
want to I just want to blaze these
trails so I'm gonna hang out with you
got it I'm gonna just route her on get
her get her in that mindset if that she
can she can do this she's just nervous
about so you just got to mentally get
there and then you have fun you know the
other side of fear is always fun usually
I don't know if that always applies yeah
yeah kinda hello mr. spell there where
has the last guy that didn't make it
across the bridge yeah well we may have
picked the hottest day of the year is
break time oh my god we're hustling
you're doing good I'm proud of you super
glad we went with the double suspension
for you though
like honestly you can get run over by
somebody else
you got enough Enya we get you know this
is six-month you know this is six miles
we're probably only one mile and count
this maybe we got this is only round one
around one of six yeah are you good
this is so beautiful man you just run
along all this water and you just see
you got a baby you got it oh uh Brett oh
my god don't stop on the bridge hahaha I
really thought you were a goner
I was just about to say it's so hard to
vlog in a ride like there's no way we're
doing my best we're probably at Mile
three maybe feels amazing I'm like
totally wet my skin is wet everything's
like nasty people about to pass us lapis
I don't know a good time
where's your bike where's your bike oh
my god okay we're making fog can we get
it I'll get it
I got Britt's bike out don't worry baby
it's getting way easier cuz I'm gonna
try to vlog this left hand only left
hand only oh my god here we go
not bad not bad at all jeez that was a
little narrow oh not too bad the
suspensions Nathan hey feelin Brett how
you feelin today it's a girl - hi doctor
alright we're back it's all my fault -
there's a two-mile beginner tram I was
like dude in my head I'm like I'm like
you're wet we're way above it so bad
she's like so um there's a part where
you there's these flags which we didn't
know and we're like she's literally at
the point where she has to walk her bike
right and I'm like well we're close like
we're close we come up on this orange
flag and I read it and I literally
couldn't even tell her but I said mild -
we were only at Mile 2 when you were
done
even know that the red signs you could
literally walk yeah there's like you
back trails that you can say we didn't
know we just what we made it to mile
five and then we took the the roads I'm
proud of you for coming out with me you
know what I get ruined me here's what
I'm proud of
you've been working out dot like you've
been killing it in the gym right what
killing it I have it and I just cross
that I mean I feel great so I'm proud of
myself for just doing it my body last it
was just my mental ago is anyone
comfortable on the bike to like that's a
big part anyways going see the kid
thanks for watching today I did it may
be terrible job filming the mountain by
raises to her but that's what we did
today let's go jump in our pool with the
kids that's where we're going let's do
it alright baby
hey who's this yourself know dear daddy
so dirty I'm dirty I cut my leg I'll
beat up my beat up yeah I know
don't take the camera yeah you don't
film it there you go you do all by
yourself you're vlogging baby you're
almost as good as daddy if you got it
down hi guys hey okay point it up point
it up like this hold it like this
Eddy there you go she's trying to set it
down good job
she's so curious about this thing what
is this it captures your life mattress
are - Oh in the World Wide Web she's
getting it just figuring it are you
going oh I think you're making everybody
sick
I think everyone's gonna get sick I mean
look at your dress look at this dress I
got a little girl dude look at this
little girl now huh
buddy what's up man I'll go get a shower
okay I'll see you soon
sing for the world baby sing okay now
run what are you trying to sing what's
the name of that song okay this is how
this is after all that epic cardio today
this is how your I'll put some ice cream
on it
apparently for some Cora hey what are
you doing I feel oh my gosh guys you
ever you know them super hot days we're
just like you don't you want to be
outside that's what today was coming
home for the shower was like all just
about as maintenance yes make me want
ice cream do you want something I kind
of do now I was gonna be good today your
job buddy
good job you doing all of them what are
we gonna do we're gonna do we're just
going into just complete nothingness
right now doughnut trap the donut
blanket chat feel like I feel like we're
just gonna literally do nothing for me
game I play some games I don't know
whatever we're gonna do but I think I'm
just for tonight yeah I think we're just
gonna go off I plan to film all day but
I think like literally we're just well I
feel pretty I mean yeah it is what it is
it was fun super fun sorry to have
filmer any better either like but my
plan was like that was the vlog today
was just us going out and got GoPros
make it fun but I would have been
probably
hey say bye bye say bye she don't even
know Hey
yeah so anyway guys thanks for hanging
out with us um I will say our last like
all our vlogs lately have been very long
much longer than they used to be so this
may be a very short one but it's still
better than nothing we are going to film
Wednesday for fourth of July there'll be
another vlog Thursday which is great and
I want a huge shot everybody that
supported our smile Moore store we did
the 20% off and and so many of you used
it and you got your merch already and
just thank you for supporting smile
Moore as well and that's it so I got
it's a very simple day yeah we love you
guys so much keep that big smile on your
face you beautiful don't let nobody ever
tell you you're not see you soon
smile more that is not my ending you're
beautiful you're one of a kind smile one
you
