guys welcome to the vlog Brittany and I
right now are headed to Europe for our
European leg of the tour and I'm
incredibly happy Brittany is coming
along for the whole tour this is awesome
it's only four shows and six days I
think six days we're actually on tour so
it's quick quick European tour I'm
stressing out a little bit right now
because I didn't get to say goodbye to
my kids on the vlog like we had a great
morning but just didn't vlog it I'm kind
of regretting that now because I know in
the future I'm gonna want to see that
morning before we left on tours so let's
get this blog started we're almost at
the airport we're headed there right now
it's beautiful day in Ohio forgive me if
it's a little loud we have no a/c in
this car so it's windows down baby it
feels great let's go I feel good cast
ready let's do it
alright we got four smart we got a hat
for each show so at every show I'll have
one hat to give away this time I brought
just enough for every show okay you
ready
kind of did this our weather here has
been beautiful so it actually feels
weird leaving because the weather so
usually I'm like let's go it's raining
it's cold it's tough
no you look good it's so hard to go
anywhere without paparazzi showing up
now guys this is crazy like we used to
have such a normal way No
yeah can I help you can I help you oh
this lady no we don't even know who this
is
she's just been following us around I
just recorded my life and this girl's is
Kahala mr. paladin camera I'm soaking
I'm as confused as you are I swear this
is this is Daniela and she's shooting a
documentary about our entire European
trip so she will be with us the whole
time
welcome you can call her Dani D Daniela
he'll settle on one but for now she's
with us she's our friend she's gonna
help us out this whole time it's gonna
be awesome
thank you thanks so much where are we
well we're in New Jersey at music rated
right at the border need to study a man
that's what I need to hear okay so we
had a layover and like for a couple
hours right few hours I think I don't
know she's really concentrating right
now guys
she's no no so we're gonna be here for a
while like a while oh my gosh sleeping
in the airport is by far like how good
do I sleep in the airport yeah I'm out
okay so we got some time to kill we're
goofing off and I noticed when Lucy
Lucy's already in Scotland we're meeting
him there but they came to this store
she was in his blog so now you're in my
vlog and they were a problem with that
it was before taking like pictures with
them actually the old people in here
were like who's that yeah well he pays
everybody like to take pictures of them
yeah yes so that wasn't he wasn't really
have fans yeah for Noah bigger bigger
that's for like keen that's pretty cool
wait these are a hundred dollars this is
a hundred dollars it is really I'm so
out of the loop look at this cuckoo
clock watch you got to go on we should
all get one I should get one just to get
away on tour because these are awesome I
love this so guys to be completely
honest I was worried about vlogging
today because of the lack of content
like we're sitting on planes all day
we've actually just warped to the next
plane which is six
so yeah I'm vlogging like the best I can
but we're just sitting on playing
somebody I don't know what to do we get
into London or Scotland like 7 a.m.
you guys are happy I love it usually
when I get on a plane I like to turn
that camera thank you guys wait is this
which are we up here yeah this first
this is like the best like the company
got us the best seats look at this like
beds yeah this is like a serious tree
this is something we don't get to do
they're gonna make it up it's like an
old sidekick
remember those remember psychic yeah
this is the crazy thing when we leave
right now it is actually the sun's going
down it's an end of our day and when we
land in Scotland the Sun will just be
coming up and be the start of their day
so it's like
it's like two logs in one kind of I
don't not explain us tomorrow
no the works probably eight minutes
Brittany is there's a psycho on the
plane she's losing her mind
she is so excited like to be on the
indie scene like I've never seen
see ya guys it is what it is but you
don't have much to do but oh yeah you
turning me into a bed you're asleep by
the time you hit them the bottom
we we might need to remove her from the
plan she's out of control she's plastic
champagne cheers everyone Cheers
we have made it DJ gonna drive the
steering wheels on the on the opposite
ii so you just worked through the night
into the next day like we were starting
a new day on top of our day that we
already started in so it's really weird
it is i stuff for good like solid two
hours there's my throw up from riding
backwards let me know what it's like 10
minutes right I'm just asking you know
is it always this beautiful outside
alright guys we've made it to our home
for two days we're in Scotland for today
and tomorrow's our show so it's our
little home for two days we can't wait
to get out and see a little bit of
Scotland we are dead tired exhausted
done so even though their days just
starting we are just ending our a day
thank you guys so much for traveling
with us I know today's vlog it just is
what it is it's short it's like 9 10
minutes long and it is like the greatest
sleep how many of you guys when it rains
it's the best time to sleep it's just
like so comfortable and you just feel
like nobody can get you and you just and
may or may not be a vlog tomorrow just
because like literally the way this day
is set up by the time we wake up our day
will already be ending and there won't
be a vlog so I may start fresh when we
start our next morning I know that's
confusing maybe there will be maybe
there won't be either way I think this
is 10 vlogs in a row which to me lately
is a record like Oh once a week I've
been missing a vlog and I've done like
10 days so I'm proud of that I'm
probably almost every day I'm proud to
get back like a little bit on track so
thank you guys for being here hit that
thumbs up button force if you're excited
for a little different like this will
all be different when Scotland right now
make sure you subscribe
yeah that's great subscribe subscribe
subscribe that's it thank you guys um
tell me if you want to see something
different over here in Europe tell put
in the comments we're always reading
through stuff and who should we collab
with while we're over here yeah I don't
know I don't know a lot of I don't know
any yeah I feel bad if I do and I am
forgetting well I don't think I know
anybody from scone love you guys
you're absolutely beautiful you're one
of a kind thanks for hanging out even on
the short days your beautiful smile more
okay so Branagh just left to go and film
at the factory and somehow the Hoos were
playing over here and all these boxes
are just caught on fire I mean should we
call a fire department
