you're not ready guys what's up today is
the day Brittany is nervous I'm actually
I've been excited for you like I've been
wanting to do this forever but right now
I'm feeling it I'm feeling a little
nervous that's the nervous boos the poos
are hitting yeah that's a real thing
the poos are real I don't think ooh the
other end don't you feel like you're
gonna throw up
what happens like if I throw up on
skydiving oh I don't think it's just
gonna go over like nice and easy it's
just gonna be like if you're new and you
don't know what's going on Brittany and
I have promised you guys for about I
don't even know maybe a year now that we
would skydive today's the day we're
headed up right now to go skydiving if
you are not subscribed to this channel
please hit the subscribe button I've
noticed in the last month so many people
watch our videos but they don't
subscribe so guys hit the subscribe
button let's hang out let's have some
fun hope you're having a great day let's
not waste time like let's go straight
there like I'm just gonna let's just get
there let's go I think you driving does
its go you ready
give me five easy gently
there's no turning back now you ready oh
yeah my pinky my pinky hurts - oh this
is legit this is real deal no no you're
doing it thank you for doing it because
like you didn't have to do it first of
all I know you don't want to do it
but there is nobody I'd rather fall out
of a plane with than you and of course
the people will be tandem too because
they're gonna get a safe safe
look at this what's up guys this is all
for our livestream holy cow
this is this is like professional what's
your name man
Gila yeah nice to meet you you help him
with the live stuff I knew it was going
on I just came out to pop my head in
here and see what the heck was going on
how sick is this that is ridiculous man
so this will be the life you guys will
be able to watch it live there yeah
that's just under the way being set up
here it's very complicated he's the
expert with it but you have Stefan
Stefan that's right so all these guys
here to make this happen guys it's not
as easy as just like holding a camera
and streaming it like this is a big
setup look at the equipment all this
stuff I'm signing life away here we go
you know it's about that one nothing
says love like throwing you out of a
plane baby you just stole that next up
video waver how you doing how many jumps
this guy have so got watch your video
safety video learn the learn the jump
learn the ropes come on in dude you're
gonna be doing this to eventually
alright so jean is giving us a little
behind-the-scenes this is this must be
the repair shop now just initially I
would say that the parachutes don't get
repaired you get a new promotion but
that's not true you repair shoes very
expensive we had to fix them
we had to repack them every 180 days so
this is where we do all the maintenance
at the parish oh my this is a parachute
had a malfunction yesterday so now we're
putting it back together and get back on
line so we can jump a good thing we're
here today not yesterday using today
perfect so I get the girl up there the
girls never pack on your fortune for
this is the video room some of you guys
are gonna appreciate this look at the
rigs on these helmets that is awesome
that's like a new vlogging right there
you just wear this it's we're gonna have
some of those out there for us today
yeah that's awesome dang yeah I was just
gonna say how do we get like the the
flares and stuff the smoke yeah we
basically have a whole rig arm look at
these I wear fireworks mortars dude and
their feet yeah I would do that that's
crazy man you gotta really trust the guy
touching your shoes oh that's right jean
has done 15,000 jumps 15,000 that I'm
still walking 15,000 consider
upon you oh yeah you hear stories
nothing you might have a new one today
but that's gonna be us really soon baby
I'm gonna come back on the airplane we
are here and it's about to get very
serious like look at this
there's the planes or going up it is the
real deal now there's no turning back
there's no like talking about skydiving
anymore this is if we're skydiving today
actual place is gonna film all our video
hopefully for us because it's gonna be
hard to vlog and then they're gonna be
live-streaming too since it's a mess of
video and audio and my man Ryan just
kidding he just came up to me and he
like spotted me out and he's actually
one of the cops in our old shake wait
prank that we did years ago I was like
mm that is awesome such a good sport by
the way he's good stop his funny yeah I
enjoyed it and you're doing your first
job yeah I'm doing my first job yeah
have fun buddies man can't wait
all right guys the live stream is
finally rolling we had a little error we
actually started live I was talking to
you guys and then it was actually just
his face all good Britney's getting
suited up look good in that sit can we
borrow that suit for you and we're gonna
jump like we're gonna jump so this is
the tandem chute weighs about 50 pounds
which brick can barely lift and then it
basically has this this comes out first
you down there and I suppose this down
so we'll have like 40 seconds of
freefall before they pull the chute
which is way longer than I thought
that's awesome so we're gonna do it's
like some aerial stunts yeah I'm gonna
do some spins might do a flip out of
place yeah yes perfect man so we can
suit it up so you're not wearing
you're not I'm not wearing what I have
to wear well unless they cut the sleeve
off for my suit I don't think they want
to know they're gonna take care of us
they're actually filming a bunch of
stuff for us too which should make the
vlog way funner than it was gonna be
because you know hearing you on so
Larry's gonna be with Brit today
turnaround right let me see that thing
oh the size of you you can get in there
you don't want to do it this way this
time all right we'll go with Plan B yeah
we don't your puked on no way all right
guys we're about to walk to the plane
right now we got our guys these guys are
filming this all for us thank them
because they're the ones that are
getting us the sweet footage and we're
gonna walk over jump on this plane and
then jump out of the plane because this
is it like we're walking to the plane
right now
this isn't like us driving here being
like we're gonna skydive we're like this
is it all right it's great okay
I'm gonna pass you off to John we're
gonna cut over to their cameras which
are way nicer than this camera and we
will see you
No let's go I'm nervous I'm like
Oh
and on he'll fly parachute now we just
chill how's this work
alright put your hands all the way up so
this is full flight right here if we
want to go right you pull down the right
one you want to go left
hold on the left one oh the harder you
pull the harder we turn so take this
right one pull it all the way down
put your left hand
hey Gopi like the girl yesterday my
favorite part pretty far parachute
parachute purchase Oh
oh wow who's your favorite part really
definitely the exit the exit it was
surreal man like I don't even know what
happened unbelievable I probably I told
her my price to do it few times even
realize what happens what happened what
do you think yeah your face when you
left I was just in full laughter the
only way I can explain trying to explain
how I felt when we exit the plane in
that moment I hope Brittany's face is
out there but your face just said it all
like your brain just went no like you're
just talking to the ball and they go and
how nossas did you get really guys I
felt like a super woops because I was I
know towards the end he's doing the
spirals and stuff I was like feeling a
little nauseous every time he would turn
I'm like but he was giving us a show
they were giving us a ride and I like
they were giving us the full ride and
how awesome and how awesome is that I'm
not gonna lie without the comfort of
having that guy behind me like this is
fine how hard it would be to jump out of
that plane on my own is next level yeah
like it takes somebody pushing you out
cuz your brain it just knows that you're
not supposed to fall like your brain is
smart it knows I was awesome man
it's the best way I can describe I've
been trying to think of how I explain
when you exit the plane and the only way
I've been able to say it I've been
saying it off-camera many times but I'm
I'm like it's the freest I've ever felt
for about a split second like for that
split second your mind your body goes
into nothingness like you're not
thinking about anything you're not you
just you disappear for a second
you like disappear from the world for a
second you just start falling and then
you realize then your brain starts going
you're falling you're falling oh my gosh
that like wore me out like I'm like yeah
you ready for a nap because your
adrenaline is through the roof well good
job guys thanks for everything thanks
for all the help thank you guys so much
really really fun man yes
you guys give yourself a shout out
because I know you didn't ask but go
ahead a man starts skydiving calm and
Team fast-tracks
America skydiving team hey thanks for
having us oh my gosh the adrenaline is
gone
five minutes dude it takes you up so
high like with the most high there's no
drug that makes you that high it's like
a best feeling and then you just crash
like
I'm so tired right now like legit buy
tell me how long I'm gonna be awake but
right now I'm just crash I need some
good food I'm time only go until 10:00
hope you guys enjoy that man I know we
did we are we are friggin beat we're
gonna sit back put our seats back roll
our windows down cruise home it's about
a two-hour drive roughly and then we're
working on a big project for tomorrow
that I told you about yesterday it's
kind of the big secret here so uh a lot
of good guesses but nobody got it nobody
got it not a single wall let's go a
super beautiful way to end the day
all right we're warping home I don't
want to give away what's going on in the
backyard Noah has no idea give any idea
what that is no how could you look it's
not a tree house not a cane you know
what that is out there
survive guys we survived skydiving and
we're back home we're working on a big
project for tomorrow which is gonna be
like this I don't I don't even know how
to really explain it it's it's it's
crazy yeah another weird thing for us to
do I don't want to show everything but
it's all gonna happen tomorrow those are
the two towers right so these guys are
gonna be out here all night building
nobody has guessed what this is it is
going to be a blast with the family the
kids this is like you guys have never
seen somebody do this and they're back
here my backyard is getting known for
crazy things this is going to be one of
them things you guys are like why did
you do this is like sideways and flash
just came running jump right over Zeus
does anybody out there have a husky our
dog is creeping me out dude this is the
most his brain is like he's not like a
dog Zeus is like ball food Master Flash
is like legit looking through curtains
right now look at him he's creeping me
out there I've never in my life
experienced a dog that thinks like he's
like a little human he legit is up to
something
all the time I feel like he would get
you back know like yesterday I put flash
out because he chewed up a bunch of
stuff I put him outside right I look
over at him he's facing outside of there
like this
like a human would he's scary it he's up
to something
Wow he's a shark right now you got your
baby - then you're a grown-up to both
sides Wow
forget him he's thinking he's getting
there in another year he'll be telling
Brittany to sit you can hold your breath
trees guys thank you for coming along
with us today on this crazy skydive dude
you're gonna do that one day yes you
will I promise you're gonna do a couple
years ago I was like some day my dad and
me are gonna go skydiving together yeah
hundred percent we will that was uh you
guys already know I don't really know
how to explain how it was but it was so
fun
it was awesome so thanks for coming
along with this guys hope you enjoyed
the livestream it didn't go as smoothly
as we thought it would and everything's
gonna work out with that whole thing but
it was fun it was a lot of fun so we
love you guys we will see you tomorrow
for a really fun never done before
action-packed vlog in my backyard we're
gonna have a blast Kings over there
playing just cause we love you guys we
will see you tomorrow you're beautiful
you're one of a kind don't forget how
important you are man you are awesome
smile more oh my god honey I literally
just went off the back Olmo all right
thanks baby that was really really fun
man you see what I miss when I'm not
home John
Italy this hey went none of this was
gonna have
