yeah it was but why aren't you gonna sit
why are you gonna say it again no say it
again oh you're not gonna do it now
because I pulled the camera all right
tough guys alright peace out this is the
Beast
this is the beast mode driver oh this is
the be smug yeah the Beast driver you
see he says you're not gonna see it over
like this he says his massagers TVs
iPads I'm just waking up I'm just waking
up see you're full energy he lifted me
up I wasn't gonna fill me up but this
guy's got so much energy and life I was
like I'm gonna pull on my camera but
right now I've like shells on the bottom
- oh when you want to watch a movie
Suicide Squad
oh is it ah it's on and I got a disco
ball look at that guys hope you are
having an awesome day I'm getting out of
Los Angeles today I'm flying home you
know tomorrow is the big day I'm
skydiving all live it's gonna be a blast
I'm excited Brittany is terrified she's
going to have you ever been skydiving I
have been at one time you have and it
was fine it was fine black car have a
TVs for the customer no you got the best
this little massager yeah and you have
free Wi-Fi
watch it iPad you got it oh I'm
surprised this thing doesn't fly I wish
you could disclose and loose disclose
green a night off the most important the
most important they reverse camera
what else Keegan rod what was your name
Dave it was seriously an honor dude I
hope that I get to ride with you again
hope so zero all right guys were running
late as always what a great guy Dave
just completely started my day off it's
so good I wasn't even on for long till I
got back to Ohio but I just felt like he
just lifted me up he just really lifted
me up so thanks Dave
let's do this hope you guys are ready
hope you lifted you up too let's go all
right guys let's do this let's get home
let's see the kids let's see Britain the
dogs in the house I get to be home for
like two days say no sorry I'm skydiving
Sunday I'm doing something really cool
for you guys Monday I'm home with the
kids
Tuesday we good here
it does not matter if I've been gone one
day or 20 days I miss my kids I miss my
home just as he liked I'm dining I've
been in traffic we're moving now excited
to get home guys when it's gonna be a
busy weekend when I get home there
should be should be people there
building I don't want to give up the
surprise but Sunday we're doing
something at the house and they're
building all this stuff in my backyard
so let's go home let's see what's going
on they're supposed to be delivering all
this lumber and I really don't know the
situation at balls so I'm just getting
home let's check it out
hope you guys are feeling hope you're
having a great day let's go traffic
traffic looking for my chapstick knock
knock sous-sous welcome home he planned
that the whole time get him Cain he's a
thief he's the bun thief he's getting
big look at this hunter there should
have called him hunter what's up Zeus
you don't even act like you care I left
for one day I left for one days just
don't give me attitude he is hey are you
really I think you got bigger gain you
did oh he did get bigger oh my gosh
you're too few up flash hey he's even
like got that old bandit mask on hey he
just drop he just dropped kicked them
they're like having
we're so nobody's here nobody that
they're supposed to be people here
building all that stuff for Sunday oh my
gosh I cannot wait so you'll never guess
they're building all this stuff for our
backyard you can take guesses in the
comments please take guesses but
nobody's gonna guess this cuz it's
ridiculous Kane you excited oh it's a
big surprise oh man we got such a huge
weekend lined up huge weekend I don't
even need to move anything or do
anything they're gonna show up build all
this stuff and then we just have fun
okay so we burn up a lot of our day
traveling always coming back to OHANA
from LA is terrible because you lose
three hours plus the flight you eat up a
lot of day Brittany made if you guys
watched yesterday's work she made some
bath bombs apparently their stomach
don't you said 24 hours yet wait they're
still soft so maybe you're missing an
ingredient that hardens it we are gonna
go over my mom and dad or over at my
brother's house and they're like
grilling out steak and rice and all this
stuff so we're gonna go join them I am
going to rewrap in wash my cast off cuz
this thing is just terrible and uh oh my
gosh you always complain about your nose
hair don't know if I've ever shared this
with you guys I hate nose hair I'm
always trimming and plucking it's the
worst thing ever so it's like Britt get
me a waxing kit I've never done this it
looks terribly painful the last up to
four weeks
what's your busy bear all right take it
but well my dad's here what's up you
little hooligans
well Britt made it hey mom
good yes she's gonna ramp it in the pool
ramp in the pool baby show what you got
should-should she ramp in the pool yeah
welcome back welcome welcome
sup pops just coming to see you guys
rolling
that's the coolest helmet whoa girls
helmet right this is the new this is
awesome this is iconic for our school
supplies it's a ruler that legit got me
this is a month and a half oh that's
okay
it's cool that you're making them though
Dale and my dad are making you guys know
they make all the plastics that they're
making Jesus for our store
that's cool I love it John's just got
here
how was your flight did it was good
economy was nice yeah dude let's get
some swimming in before it gets dark
all right once shirt on off oh you're
ready you've been waiting out game I've
been waiting on came to my little man
you gonna you guys swimming those socks
that's weird you know we got we got one
house without this thing you can do it
you can already go underwater you can
jump you can do flip I love you have fun
okay she's gonna get you
I want to ride i wanna ride oh yes I
can't survive it very good don't hurt me
that's a tree stump it's a tree turn
turn turn
so weird not being in control I'm
holding on I'm good I'm good I'm good oh
beaming let's work him right let's work
it baby let's work it huh
oh my god honey I really just went off
the back Olmo
alright thanks baby that was really
really fun man you see what I miss when
I'm not homes on it like this hey went
know this was gonna happen I was like
wait Romans coming over we got this is
amazing I can smell the Worcestershire
works forgot what's your shirt puts them
on there put them on there something's
on there here's the idea we're gonna
reverse the video make it look like Dale
solved one of the most wicked Rubik's
cubes I've ever seen look at this boom
okay so here's what you're gonna do
it's just gonna be your hands you're
gonna just mess it all up and I'll
reverse the video it's perfect easy but
wait we're not gonna tell them that I
actually solve it for real you have to
finish it now like ah as long as you
just mess it up
I can just reverse the video and in
there we're just being goofy we're gonna
make it look like these solves the rivet
cube by reversing the footage the camera
you guys are really making this legit
it's pretty good perfect
okay hold perfectly still before I move
it how about your mouths not in the shot
ready like that yeah like that was so
easy and then go down yeah ready big
guys like you did it that was so easy
wait you want to move it and then you're
gonna move no no that was so easy and
then drop it on sprocket
a lot
I'm on a hearse I'm on it already like
you really solve it yeah yeah I got it
already go
that was so easy that's plenty that's
plenty anyways we destroyed this that's
it's broke forever alright wait if you
get this back together right I'll give
you $100 you have video proof if you
just rewind the video forward you would
know there it is the reverse film I love
Caine just walk straight by Dale you did
good we are taking off how you like that
car pops listen to this 30 be safe out
there all right we're back home you guys
didn't you didn't read no books today
huh what are you trying to say just tell
me just tell me we were back home guys
it's all about getting ready for
tomorrow I know this vlog is short I'm
sorry I actually just taken my cast off
look at this look at this took it off it
feels amazing this bone is so sore from
being in this cast I saw some you guys
say wrap it and like caught in and wrap
your wrist and you know all these things
I'm gonna try that Brittany got me a
whole bag of supplies so anyway the rest
of the night is first of all I get to
shower I'm gonna shower put my cash back
on edit this vlog and get ready to
skydive guys before I go I want well
look how weird this is like with no
class like it just even feels weird cuz
it's been in there so it's like all like
stiff in my pinkie man before I do go
guys I just wanna I want to first of all
thank everyone for supporting me on the
idea of skydiving and the cost of it
listen I went I really like opened up to
you guys and shared a part of my life
that I don't share and that is what
certain things cost and there is a
lesson with all this and I want to kind
of as quickly as possible share it with
you I want you guys to imagine a
scenario where I just did the livestream
I skydived and you guys saw the video
and you were like that was awesome and I
never ever explained to you guys about
cost
I never explained you guys would only
assume that it was awesome right and
that's what I always do I never talk to
you guys about how much things cost
because it is sometimes overwhelming and
I don't expect you guys to understand
sometimes how much things cost things
are expensive in the entertainment world
so I want to say thank you for everybody
that's like do it do it do it because
I'm doing it tomorrow by the time you're
watching this blog I have already
skydive like I or I'm skydiving right
now live I wanted to share the budget
with you guys to let you guys in on my
personal life I want to bring you guys
on my life that is part of my life
that's another piece of what I do behind
the scenes and I wanted to bring you
guys out and I saw a lot a lot of
positive feedback I also saw a lot of
negative I mean most of you guys said
don't do it or donate the money or and
and I get it like if I heard that number
for the first time I would be shocked
but if I told you guys how much it costs
to do some of the things I do you would
poop your pants you guys remember when I
filled my house with the plastic balls
do you have any idea how much I lost me
out of pocket but the reward of what I
did
got me still paying off I got a brand
new GTR out of that deal I got I've got
awards for that video a lot of my career
came from just that video so sometimes
guys it takes money to make money you've
got to use your money to make more money
that's a big part of success and you
have to do it so will tomorrow make me a
ton of money
no but it's setting a new standard for
what live streaming can be and it's it's
it's just what I want to do so thank you
guys for the support if anybody wants to
know those plastic balls cost me forty
thousand dollars forty thousand I'm not
making that up I can show you the bill
it was 40 thousand dollars for those
balls and had I came out and told you
guys should I do this it cost 40 grand
every comment would have said don't do
it it's not always what it seems like
things are like I don't just get to do
these things they cost a ton of money so
thank you guys let's do the skydive if
you're watching this video right when I
uploaded it that means I'm live right
now so jump over to live not me watch it
live sunday will be the skydive vlog so
you're not gonna miss anything thanks
for listening to some of my personal
stuff I've never shared with you guys so
let's go I'm gonna get this
back on after I shower edit wake up go
skydiving love you guys you are
beautiful
you're one of a kind thanks for
everything it's my mom on the serious
question do you want to make some bombs
with me some bath bombs yeah are you
trying to get that helmet on this you're
silly
okay so I saw this really cool idea to
make your home
