so much fun I'll be right back okay okay
I'll be right back
have some fun later yeah it's a
beautiful day in the neighborhood a
beautiful day in the neighborhood
welcome to the vlog guys we are headed
up it is day three with my calf and we
were supposed to see a specialist within
those three days the specialist cannot
get me in until the 16th of September
right so basically the hospital wants me
to come back and check on my hand since
I can't see the specialist oh it's
ringing now baby
father time in front of us now we're
moving we'll get there patients maybe
patients so yeah we're headed to the
hospital you know check out my hand do a
checkup hopefully no big deal we
continue with our day we have special
guests coming in today and ironically
what's the odds of this our special
guest has the exactcast
on his hand I don't know anybody with a
broken arm but he does great and here we
are back to the emergency
hope you guys are having an awesome day
man I'm hoping this just goes smooth and
there's you know everything's working
the way it's supposed to be working at
least you get an answer or something
just getting more walking back out okay
here's something really crazy that I
didn't know this cast is meant to be
taken on and off I can take it on and
freaking off I'm so dumb I didn't know
this stuff peels off she literally just
peel it off she's like yo you can take
it on and off things have changed since
I broke my last bones anyways so it's
like until you see a specialist they
just put a bandaid on it and say oh my
gosh so here's where we're at a couple
reasons I had to come in today one is
I've only had pain in this part of my
hand because I broke that part of my
hand but since I've got this cast on
I've had sharp pain all down my hand and
even in my wrist she straight up was
like well that's because it's probably
too tight you need to take it off and
rewrap and I'm like what take it off
take it off she's like yeah you can you
can take it off get in the shower and
just rewrap it I'm like what yeah that's
huge that is huge good news and I was
like wait this stuff kind of wears out
can I get different colors for tour I
can wrap it every night you know it's
gonna be tricky
are you good at it oh yeah I mean yeah
get this stuff I want to buy you here at
the hospital and she was like we'll go
to like a tractor supply and get what
they wrap horses in they have all kinds
of color school let's go there yeah this
is ridiculous man so once again I'm way
far from knowing what I have to do with
my hand because I won't be able to do it
until after you're up and I'm skydiving
with this cast
let's it looked at least get a bright
color so that I can see you coming see
me for skydiving see you coming through
the sky yeah LED casts LED cast cast
with LEDs buildings home wait so are we
decided that we're going skydiving we
are no matter what well I never thought
I'd be coming here to buy a horse wrap
wrap for horses I even have a horse they
should I'm just so excited to know I can
take this off and take a nice shot my
taking our shower our opposite of a
power shower horse leashes leads collars
oh you want these for you ah you know
what I'm looking for oh these like them
nice helmets but that's like exactly
what they put on my hand
we're buying all this stuff who would
have thought having a broken hand would
be so fun those and then cane really
wanted me to get pink I have to do a
pink one so this all started because I
was like wait on tour I can have a
different color cast each nice so this
is why this is kind of coming in for
tour because I leave Tuesday for tour I
want to make sure you have enough for
tour though to change it every day I
think these are cool for tour people buy
this for personal use which reminded me
I really need to go buy something when I
think about what we just did it's
ridiculous like it's silly
there's our greeters dude you ordered
pizza not beets uh okay guess what they
said I can take it off and rewrap it in
different colors hey let me help ya
you playing Smash Bros rapid mommy suit
dr. Caine
listen I'm sticky huh never been so
excited to take a shower in my life I
see the light Caine I see and feel a
light they don't have this soft stuff
now if we rip it oh my god my hand feels
so weird it feels awful
it's like stiff as a board
can't move how yeah we should have
bought that stuff I can get my hand
feels terrible like terrible
it's like stiff like it's still in the
cast and it doesn't want to move like it
feels awful uncomfortable just think why
would you smell it why would you smell
it they said it's removable I can take
it on and off yeah but it kind of feels
terrible look at my hand dude that's why
it feels weird like that that's why I
had no feeling in my thumb it stinks my
hand stinks I'm not gonna lie after
three days Jane I got this for you cause
you said I should have got pink all
right guys this is the hard part of the
cast this is actually molded to my hand
so I can just put it back in here and
rewrap it it's freaking genius actually
and I just absolutely can't wait to
shower so I'm gonna do that I can't move
my hand like my hand is stiff as a board
feels awkward it's uncomfortable okay
that felt amazing but we got to get back
in the cast I'm gonna get so spoiled so
fast not wearing it look at this no cast
look at that Croesus the litter all this
stuff the only thing I didn't get was
that soft stuff that goes on
inside my and you see the redness on my
probably not that's what hurts the most
just my wrist bone being in the cast
that's what hurts the most
mmm denna so wait for our guests to
arrive they should be here in another
hour two hours maybe they're coming in
from I don't let's put it quite a drive
so I'm gonna wrap this wrap this up this
is like foo sees car west west coast
Kasim's or we just fold so fast not
having that on have to put the cash back
off I've got my ball my lady wrapping me
up this is a cool color King so into it
no this is good color choice yeah
alright I'm all casted up what you think
yeah we think looks like foo sees car my
color better what are you doing here all
day that's what it is that's what the
intro is you know arm how many days
after ok so you guys know this happened
while I was in Canada yes happened when
I was in Toronto I come a visit see you
everybody loves to help me hurt my hand
a couple days later boom and no and what
did you do I'm sure your story's way
cool about my story and I don't I guess
it's it is stupid it is stupid I was on
my truck I just installed it you cover
and I was so satisfied I'm like you know
what this is great gonna jump off my
truck apparently that's what you're
supposed to do so stumble and roll and
everything like that you're not a
gymnast
not a gymnast I am a class so me and B
are both broken now is in Canada free
healthcare dude
free are you walked in you're like oh
it's you know I got the upgraded version
for 90 bucks
so for 90 bucks fully waterproof he can
swim he can shower everything Canada you
know here I shall they make their matter
I walk in with a broken on the achieve
five thousand dollars course okay really
happy okay here's way different than so
I switch colors I can switch colors
though I do you want me color yet so
Pete and his fiance are here and we have
nothing to do now usually if you were
gonna make a trip like this it would be
like alright we got it all on paper what
we're gonna do we're gonna have fun
we're gonna do this but it's just a dude
to are on the way home yeah they were
they were staying with churros this week
and on their way home they stopped here
and last time you were here is because
you had diarrhea last time you hear you
you were only you were only asleep so
it's a good time not gonna be much more
exciting yeah you get there actually we
gotta think of something fun to do we
got a because left-hand challenge there
you go Pete was so excited to come out
here and see smile more because they got
they got their own merch too and you
have you guys do like real similar all
the shelves it's it's so cool to see it
though it's just so cool to see you
don't you know you make a business out
of youtube and it's so cool that helped
you know this I love this message I love
it yeah I love it I love it it's excited
to come out here and we actually have
matching that's right I just do that
thing you're we're gonna break that
thing in half trying to get on your hand
get off okay
Wow is it real real tight it's kind of
tight it's it's it'll stretch I don't
think it's comfortable
you're gonna lose blood in that mom or
tank is doing pretty good guys we have
lost some of our favorite fish though
have yeah we've been losing a lot of
fishes you got a top hottest topic we
take it bad like fish are like dogs
don't eat forever like as much food as
you put in they'll just eat the eels
doing great but for some reason the fish
have been really sick todd has been like
living out here treating his fish and
trying to make them better we still have
a lot of them it just sucks when you
lose fish and look at this guy my clown
triggers still rolling he's getting
bigger so you guys got free healthcare
but we do not have free merch so I don't
know what your plan on Canadian dollars
dollars hey we were we we were trying to
get little like them little shopping
carts yeah for our store yeah so you
guys could like go around and no this is
chaos dude what are you up to you're
gonna film without even telling me yeah
I'm just gonna have a little tickle
water
is it okay let me just ask you this can
I smell it right now can I smell
something no it doesn't smell bad so you
won't get it you won't get you probably
just smell my like little juice here
okay a challenge for us this is all we
need this is all we need so don't make
me throw up you won't I promise you know
this is nice camera holy cow dude it
overheated for the first time and it ha
no I promise you as a sour I don't know
ah he's not telling me at all with this
all right all right so so what's gonna
happen here is we're gonna take a
teaspoon of this and I'm gonna take this
spoon of this and it's like a cinema
check me man I've become really and I'm
reading what it is that's okay you don't
know how bad is it it is not bad I
promise you it's not bad just just trust
me it's not bad but more my way don't
put on the floor the dog will lick it up
would I lie to you I wouldn't mind you
I'm Canadian
I don't lie so on three baby listen I
know so I'm just trusting you
yes your mouth is so much maybe you
should have a bigger spoon I can't put
no now okay real quick the objects just
to swallow and that is to swallow it
first person that's it first put in this
one woman I think you sign know you do I
know three two one
that's warhead when I swallow it why
what ice won't let me sit honey it's
just so hard
it tastes like what's on the outside of
a warhead yeah in powder form it's what
they put into sour candies it's just a
raw ingredient so that is what is this
I'm so nervous I swallow that because my
gut it's just gonna die no it's not that
it's just okay so what is it guys it's
called malic acid malic acid is it for
making candy dude yeah totally this is
what they must throw it's like sour
candy yeah does it make it still taste
it right do it go away my god it's like
what's my stomach doing I don't know -
my chest is on fire it's so bad you put
weird things in your body I don't
you're acclimated I forgot to tell you
that's not all that's in here dude know
what make this video really good see
Britney Melissa did it
half a spoon awesome I'm so sick dude
I'm really sick I'm not being a baby on
the camera on purpose like I'm really
sick I'm gonna throw up for sure honey
was it gonna come out like rainbow
colors so you filled out that awesome
dude we need to do a side by side of
your face from now versus the baby food
challenge quite frankly what are the
action when I came in so don't make me
throw up you want I had no idea I don't
know if I'm Donny they're like my
stomach hurt Oh maybe milk you need to
eat something man
I think does another teaspoon just pick
one little dab do you like what even
nothing right you gotta do it you gotta
do it tiny drop you have to know I don't
have a snow shower my mom is like a
waterfall slider I just got so sick so
sick Zeus is trying to eat iconic or bad
but I can't go see you guys are heading
out soon
that's time I say girls I got six
Britney put cat food on my spare
never-ending no I have this I have the
weakest gut yeah I have noticed that now
yeah yeah so this is gonna be really
easy to next time we do a video all
right I got the challenge for you
you have to snort a line of that what
you have to snort it but you you just
made me throw I'd even show you guys I
was out there I just did it again I just
got so sick I'm not telling you to snort
a line of I'm just saying snort it I had
to see did a sriracha he did a little
sriracha taco sauce hot sauce there you
go
I'll leave this in I'm keep I'm gonna
raw raw vlog it do you want me to make
the line he said I figured no no you got
to make a little pile look a little
pause gonna be amazing
what is this okay yeah that's fine
that's what it's not you know we're just
gonna kill me no I just threw up
everything I ate all day for that little
stuff so you know do something a little
a little rough this is premium malic
acid it is component it's completely
harmless it's made to make candies with
and and actually what fruit drinks they
put it in apple juice and stuff so it's
it's it's not bad where he's just really
sour like the most sour thing I've ever
put in my mouth in my entire life was
right there
it's a Malik lime Oh distinct bonito
Zeus oh no your nose is bleeding
oh okay do subscribe to people that's
part of the deal I'm gonna say this
nobody by malic acid don't do any of
this so dumb
let's blog just one zero to DOM my dog
so worried about you Wow even know it
taste it you liked it it was good it's
good and I need like one little one
yeah like one little dot tastes good
like it tastes like Canyon but when you
put it all together it's the worst guys
don't do any of that stuff that's
terrible
you like it just tastes like a warhead
or a sour really sour you take a Jolly
Rancher and then like roll it in it oh
man be terrible I suddenly don't feel so
bad about what I did did you took it you
took your home oh man that's such a bad
doing that
again nobody ever speak to you again
I've got take you a challenge for you
we're done we're done to a child well do
one you want and you won't do one that
was no more challenges over challenges
alright guys that is ridiculous I'm
apologize now for any sensitive viewers
sensitive stomachs out there like myself
that was disgusting everything I
actually I actually told her was I don't
know what I should put in the vlog but
then I realized everything we do is just
for fun guys to give you guys a laugh so
if it made you laugh then that's all I
was trying to do man it's all for fun
don't take it too serious it's just
being goofy and people love fails people
love when it's not them so I figured
what we just did is exactly that you get
the laugh at our expense I think that's
that's fair that's fun that's a big part
of these vlogs so hope you guys are
having a great day I am gonna end it
really soon I had to run out real fast
when I go home probably end it with the
fam and that's really here doing
something really big tomorrow don't want
to give it up but I'm leaving at 4:00 in
the morning for this and I guess you'll
just have to see what it is get my dog
my dog huh what's up you slacker where
were you huh alright guys getting
settled and set up and you and I don't
have the little pole on my camera I
can't film with my casts cuz I can't
rotate my arms so I'm always it's always
awkward to hold I'm gonna say goodbye to
everybody Kane still playing his games I
just can't thank you guys enough for
coming over man really it's been really
brick can you show them the way out I'm
kidding always great great you guys are
gonna spend the night sleep good buddy
sleep good
I brought my proper deadbolt rut your
own like safe door
we are gonna say goodbye guys I'm
getting up at 4 a.m. for some more you
guys want them soon enough but we love
you thanks for putting up with this vlog
if you made it through all of that any
one of them thumbs up man we'd love to
see the support on this it was almost to
the point where I wasn't sure if I'm
even gonna put it in the vlog up until
right now I still don't know but I'm
sure if you saw it you know what I'm
talking about love you guys so much
we'll see you tomorrow beautiful you're
one of a kind smile Moana I haven't seen
Brittany this excited for such a long
time like she is in heaven right now she
is having so much fun what do you think
