guys welcome to the vlog hey dude you
ready yeah hey you ready go you're ready
ready purse yeah thanks dude shoe
service I love it okay how do I explain
today it's probably the worst day that
this could have fallen on like fall Don
is that right
fell on so how do I explain today let me
explain this to you so we actually let
me go outside and show you first
this garage gone crazy okay let me
explain to you guys exactly what's going
on right now a lot II remember last
month maybe I bought a new dirt bike and
it's in here we just gotta wait a second
one second okay I bought a new dirt bike
a Honda 150f but if you watch this
channel you know originally I bought a
150 are and I had to give it back now
here's the thing if you guys know Honda
Honda does not let you return something
even if it came broke that's right I had
to take it back it would not run and it
turns out that it was a problem there
was like it's already carburetor whatnot
I don't want to give Honda a bad name I
love Honda but in order not to lose any
of my money the only thing they let me
do was trade it in so today we're going
to pick up something that we traded the
arm in arm--
that'll make sense it made sense right
it's all good I spend more money it's
like the perfect scenario for them
there's another thing you wish you won't
even write this you could that should be
our mission today you got to drive this
yeah we should get big training wheels
see ya today should be a lot of fun but
I'm limited this sucks
we're still rocking we still rolling
give me five huh I'm starting to scab
gross
yes babies scabies are you ready ready
ready I'm ready all right one big thing
before we get there listen very closely
this Saturday September 3rd at a
Saturday right yeah person this Saturday
September 3rd Brittany and I will be
skydiving guys it is finally here it is
costing me uh to hona money a ton of
money you see me posted on Twitter
everyone was just like oh my god like I
can't believe you're spinning that just
the livestream just to have the Wi-Fi
capabilities during a skydive it's
$10,000 $10,000 now maybe that's gonna
shift a little maybe it's less maybe
it's more but that's like the rough cost
they were like this is what it's gonna
cost we are doing it we are
live-streaming it if you don't watch it
on livestream we will still be vlogging
the whole thing but the blog will go up
Sunday so if you want to watch it live
watch Saturday go live dot me download
my link on the top of the description of
this video come watch us live Saturday
it's gonna be around noon Tim you're on
noon Eastern Time Saturday we are
finally skydiving are you excited no you
don't want to do it you're doing it
you're doing it I'm actually excited
about it Brittany's terrified of it I
mean it's okay I'm trying to vlog with
this cracked up rested it's like I can't
turn it I gotta prove today to jump with
the cast no problem they said absolutely
you're all good so somewhere Saturday in
the United States up in the sky
Brittany and I will be falling live
let's do this little man let's do it I
like they even greet us at the door now
and bring the money bring the money I
did man I cast it up I owe my best wait
this is it holy crap dude
this thing is a beast there's like truck
wheels this thing's as big as a truck
climb up here came
we think this is gonna be our driveway
plow and sled pull and winter machine
right here man
what'd you think it's awesome hmm yeah
that's pretty sweet dude so we we
basically had to order everything in
today's the day everything's here and
it's pickup day so here it is broken arm
and all oh these guys will have fun this
thing is ridiculous dude look at the
back end she's gone she's never coming
back
it's huge summer is almost over which
means it's gonna start getting cold and
once we get snow this is going to be the
biggest used toy at our house you can't
get stuck in that this is all the same
stuff you already know this is gonna be
for you title I need to are we gonna
have some fun we gotta have some serious
fun my boy is sleepy like sleepy I don't
know how I'm glad I'm really not doing
it like honestly I don't have the
experience to put this giant quad in the
bed of this truck especially the trucks
so high off the ground this is way out
of my experience level
there's the truck so hard that's gonna
help that'll make it lower that's good
you think he's gonna do it he's gonna be
out there he's good this is way lower
better our house it's gonna be high life
to find a spot that's unlevel like that
it's just barely wide enough it's like
the exact width holy
if the camera actually does justice to
the size of this quad it's gigantic
mission accomplished dude you pull that
out of there
you know huge shout out to all the guys
over here I know you watch these vlogs
so thank you for everything and thank
you for making this right and taking
care of us of throwing in so many extras
like the snow plow and the big wheels
and this sick helmet can make gave you
that helmet is that amazing and they
gave Molly a helmet she picks out like a
300 some dollar helmet and then like we
thought we were buying these helmets and
then they were like now we're giving you
these so thank you guys it's amazing
when you get bigger can daddy take you
skydiving yeah definitely that's my boy
yeah my boys now you just get straight
this is our idea this is our idea to get
this thing out and go straight go
straight pretty much a genius right look
at that yeah you're good alright just
roll out just roll out nice
first things first snow balls got to go
Bing
when it snows you're gonna plow it for
us oh yeah I will say having this cast
is like wearing a thick hoodie that you
can't take off and it's so uncomfortably
hot in this bone it sits right there on
your wrist is like smashed in the cast
so all night last night I was waking up
and you can't move it so it's just like
the most uncomfortable weird feeling
it's like I just thought nothing you can
do about me like it I'd wake up like I
finally fall asleep I wake up all my
fingers would be numb it was like it was
like a nightmare mom I think tonight's
gonna be better though my hands getting
used to it I think that the swelling
insides down a little bit I feel a lot
better today with it a new way to wear
off the dogs they just chase and chase
so we might never see Brittany again
I haven't seen Brittany this excited for
such a long time like she is in heaven
right now she is having so much fun what
do you think don't even ask
just don't ask I think I just sneezed
like oh my gosh woo
so obviously some time has passed and
let me explain what's happened tonight
like today was awesome today was a good
day we had a great day we got two new
quad it's just everything was going so
good and everything's still good but I
want to I want to bring you into a part
of my life that I never ever bring you
into and that is the details of doing
some of the things that I do I'm not
gonna read it all but earlier in the
vlog I said I talked to you guys about
how expensive skydiving was for the
livestream and that we were doing it
this Saturday and I get this text and I
spend all my night texting it on phone
calls so that leaves us to where we're
at right now I can email it if you'd
like but the ballpark is between 40 and
45 thousand dollars to do the skydive
Saturday forty to forty-five thousand
dollars to skydive be honest does that
make any sense to anybody
right like I knew it was expensive
honest honestly they said the livestream
is gonna be about ten thousand dollars
to beam livestream high enough to
skydive I get it it's very expensive
three days ago I tweeted ten thousand
dollars to livestream six thousand for a
film crew 4,200 for a custom smile more
parachute we jump on the third so even
three days ago I knew it was gonna be
ten sixteen twenty twenty thousand
dollars to skydive like I knew twenty
thousand was again a huge number and
then tonight out of the blue they say
between 40 and 45 so here's what I'm
asking you guys is it worth it I
honestly like even at 20 is like
so 40 doubling that I I just I don't
know like here's the thing here's here's
the cool yeah exactly here's the cool
thing
I can vlog it and cost nothing most
skydiving places would love to just have
us like they will film that they'll help
us out we can skydive for nothing like I
can give you guys the most amazing blog
just skydiving like that's that was the
original deal it's like a gallon it's
not this is this is why I never talked
to you guys about this kind of stuff
because in this business that I'm in
we're in there's a lot of money in a lot
of things like it's when you get to a
certain size people just charge you
whatever because they know that you need
to do it they're gonna charge you I
don't know how to explain it but it's a
pain in the butt I'm gonna end you guys
with this I know the vlogs not that
exciting today we got a quad it was fun
for us but as far as our evening goes I
didn't mean to film anything like with
the kids and hanging out it was just me
on frickin phone calls which is part of
my job but it cost me on the fly so
forgive me please uh give me any like
just I want to read like just to get
through my head if everybody's like just
do it just do it just do it I'm gonna do
it cuz that's who I am
but if everyone's like dude this is
crazy don't do that that's more than
most people make in a year
yeah that's probably make me not good
cuz it's true and I get it so it is
crazy it is bizarre but these are kind
of the things that I do and sometimes it
costs money for you guys to be like holy
crap how did he do that they're very
expensive things so it's just another
thing I hope you enjoyed me bringing you
into this part of my life because I
never share this way I never share
budgets and costs and money with you
guys it's a whole nother part of my life
so we love you guys we will see you
tomorrow one way or another we have
special guests coming tomorrow very
special guests which I'm excited about
still don't know what we're doing so if
you want to comment ideas maybe
challenge videos because we don't have a
ton of time maybe something we can do we
haven't done a challenge for a while so
that was
big fun and if anybody's watching up to
this point I would love to see a thumbs
up and a little love because I know it's
just not your typical vlog and also if
you like these like real talk real life
talks let us know I mean this is
something I'd like to watch in the
future myself like do you remember that
time we were considering spending
$20,000 on skydive and then they said
it's gonna be 40 and I've already
promised everyone we're gonna livestream
that's see that's that's the part that
I'm freaking out about because I already
told you guys it would be twenty
thousand and now I've already hyped it
I've already told you guys now they're
like oh it's 40 so that's where I'm like
something's not right
something's not adding up love you guys
we're gonna you know I'm just talking so
much in my nose my sinus is my head's
about to pop in your head anyway it's to
edit so love you guys beautiful you're
one of a kind tell me everything that
you just heard in the comments let it
out tell me what you think and we'll see
you tomorrow beautiful smama well I
didn't realize I would be in a cast past
my elbow that is terrible I was thinking
this is gonna be so easy man so guys
some time has passed and uh I'm gonna
cast like legit
