tangent agenda are you ready to do this
you sure you're gonna get wet I'm ready
if you're ready let's do it yeah well we
got the sunshine baby it's hot how's
everybody doing hope you guys are
feeling great hope you're thinking good
staying positive kicking negative in the
butt
start the vlog let me see here let me
see here I think you just feel a water
little man just pumped what old things
blew open literally Oh thing right there
big old hole
Zeus you're gonna try to slide on it
this is gonna make it slick dude watch
out Zeus oh yeah I'm assuming
everybody's back in school or close to
it I hope you had a great summer I hope
you used it wisely man I always say it
time just goes so fast it's hard to even
grasp it's hard to even it's hard to
even use it wisely because by the time
you're thinking by the time you're
thinking I need to do something summers
already up so it's crazy you gotta go
further each time you do it's gonna get
slicker you're gonna go further and
further you're probably going out in the
grass soon oh hey baby girl was she
doing in green goggles pink ones too I
love it I mean small though his face is
tiny we got this little slip and slide
you getting in dude it's hose water it's
ice-cold
all right goggle boy hope you guys are
having an awesome day man I know it's
Sunday for us right now it's Monday for
you if you're watching when I upload it
I just want to say something without
trying to offend a lot of people I just
want to be real with you guys i i truly
believe there's a lack of family
activities happening in our world right
now we have families and we just don't
appreciate
we have and how great we have it so I'm
asking you guys I'm gonna tell you
something right now this is where it
starts right here and I'm extremely
guilty of this thing set it down for
just a little bit of time but spin that
time with whoever it is your brother
maybe it's your sister maybe it's your
mom maybe your dad maybe it's the whole
family playing a board game get a board
game out we'll play it as a family
there's such a lack hi just do something
fun together it could be so small it can
be a $10 slip and slide it can be it can
be a tickle fight
give me a tickle fest as long as you're
doing it together man it means so much
and it's just we need it we need it in
this world more than ever right now join
forces with your family man that's
that's your best friends it's everything
I'm just saying this from my heart man i
want to see you guys grow as a family
don't forget who's important in your
life they're number one number one
number one number one I got a lot of
number ones you're my number one don't
tell Kane okay hey number one buddy
don't tell Noah all the kids all right
we're gonna switch it up a little bit
over to my brother's house we got Owen
here with us and we are gonna do a
challenge video are you ready I'm gonna
show you what it is I'm gonna give you a
big hint it has to do with a big
watermelon and a lot of grease seatbelts
all right so here's the idea watermelon
and vasiliy I think Vaseline worse I've
never done this before but do you think
this thing floats or sinks floats or
sinks how do you think it's neutrally
buoyant that means it doesn't float or
sink it sits perfectly in the middle
does a watermelon float or sink sink
here we go go hop in take it with you
let go and it floats
it's a floater
all right bring it back up here okay so
how's this work you just cover it in
that yeah I've never done it I don't
know what your mom said to cover it in
Vaseline but what's the goal like what
you have to get it into a certain
location so you have to grab this but
it's hard because it's breezy if to grab
it and take it to a location oh so it's
like a battle battle royale you know
challenge me me versus you can you carry
I got one okay while you're cooking up
the good stuff oh my god I got you what
are the strips I just got it it's just
ribbon I'm cutting it to make it cook
faster
nice I'm sort of like a like a place you
have to get it you fill that bucket up
with water so you have to dunk it in
yeah I like that
okay hey you guys want to take the rafts
out of the pool there that's the goal
that's what you have to get it I love it
yeah now there's our goal I love it you
can even get it right in the water line
hey mom and dad I did it man we got a
real Sunday Funday now hey guys
we're just whoa we're just about to
grease up a watermelon I'm gonna play
you literally just scoop it out and
we're just gonna smear it all over this
watermelon yeah in the water I think I
think that's good
how much chef time on it don't rub it on
your skin you'll never get it off that
crap don't come off in the water
no it's toss it overboard Amina I'm
gonna attempt to at least film one round
without my waterproof camera so we have
good audio so I'm gonna try to stay back
a little
kept on this everybody on the steps it's
playing oh my god yeah you're doing it
right now you have a bad infection
what is round two ready set go go go
it's watermelon warfare oh oh it's gone
boys gone he's lost it
we just lost the last bit of sunshine
we're about to lose now it's time to
feast look at that
thanks Jess thanks Brit what do you mean
really busted guilty I'm going through
the mud in my favorite pickup truck
going through the mud and we're all that
was so fun man that was fun fun day got
to handle mom and dad too which was a
bonus I didn't even expect to see him
today
that skeleton face alright guys warping
over to the driver's seat I'm pretty
nervous about tomorrow tomorrow is the
day that I go and find out if they
remake my hand or put in a cast put it
in a splint whatever it is they're going
to fix it tomorrow which I'm pretty I'm
nervous about it for one I don't know
how much I'm gonna be able to do with a
hand that's in a cast I sortable on tour
in less than a week and I'm just nervous
about it like it's completely normal I
think to be a little scared of what's
gonna happen with my hand I am gonna
fight like straight up
what's the longevity if I just leave it
the way it is and I let it heal so I'm
gonna go with all options obviously
there is a big chance it's gonna be
putting a cast or even just a splint
which I heard the splints are terrible
and awkward second thing I'm going to
tell you guys really quickly is that my
kids Noah and keen listen closely both
my kids do not have YouTube channels
both my kids do not have Instagram they
don't have Twitter they don't have
Facebook my kids have no social media
please understand that when you see
these accounts when you see these
YouTube channels these fake gaming
channels these are all fake channels
these are all fake social media don't
fall for them some of them are very
obvious some of them look really legit
so my kids do not have social media
don't fall for it it does not exist it
is a ball don't fall for it just don't
fall for it I drop I probably should
address this a long time ago I just
never thought it would get this out of
control I never thought people would
pretend to be my kids so please
understand my kids do not along with my
dog Zeus and flash do not have social
I promise you that if Noah Cain Flash
Zeus anybody had social media you would
hear it first from me on the plugs guys
if it's not on the plugs it's just not
official I promise you so please don't
fall for it um it's not really a big
deal I don't care if you follow these
accounts but please know they are not my
children they are not my dogs they are
not me there's a million fake accounts
for all of us and not a million but
there's a lot and it's just started to
get really carried away so I want to
address it now to you guys on the vlog
on the actual vlog so please if any of
them make it count I promise you I will
tell you first
hey you wild hyenas let's go come on
hunter nope this way come on out of
control
these dogs literally getting out of
control how much energy they have when
we're gone they sleep and then when we
get home it's cray
don't you say cray it's cray but hey hey
flash got into your nail stuff yes oh
that looks like chocolate wrappers honey
you sure mommy
alright guys we are gonna end our night
I know I'm cut a little short but I've
been hitting you with long vlogs I see
it in the comments please make shorter
vlogs and I always make them long
because that's what I like to do I like
well I thought he was eating that blue
shoe it's a blue ball so we're gonna end
the vlog guys we are getting up early we
out a big day tomorrow including getting
my hand fixed hopefully and uh no
telling about your green shirt cuz
everyone's big what you got green small
shirts this is an employee shirt yeah so
every single person that works for us
now has their own merch that has their
names on them only their their past 90
days oh it's a perk yeah dark shirt I
didn't know that I'm still waiting for
mine I I don't work there yet I guess
mr. that's alright co-owner that's fine
that's a good title guys we love you
wish me luck on my hands MA actually
I've probably literally getting it done
as you're watching this vlog there's a
good chance around that time so we film
it we're gonna film it we're gonna film
something but you're gonna be out I'm
gonna be filming you out they said okay
okay oh it's gonna be great for you guys
this said that I'll go to sleep but it's
like that it's where you talk funny and
make yeah really I'll be sedated so the
vlog could be absolutely insane guys yes
tweet me questions we are gonna end it
there we will see you tomorrow thanks
for everything
we love you you're beautiful you're one
of a kind smile more good to me flash no
paper towels paper give me the paper
give me that paper
are see birth bathtub
