alright there's an open seat there's an
open seat I couldn't help but notice you
were getting up I was gonna slide in and
just kind of finish up I was just gonna
finish up here welcome to the vlog guys
welcome we are leaving the beautiful San
Antonio it is raining but look at this
look how beautiful this is and you can
take boats down this you got this crazy
Tower keep seeing elevators going up and
down Pablo you guys ready me
housekeeping it's still dark in here
Josie wake up
oh did you scream I didn't like throw
there was a hairball in there we were
out of San Antonio today headed to
Chicago I got I gotta get better
I gotta get better figuring out how to
yeah but she's a bodybuilder now if I go
say hi to her I'm sure she has a
boyfriend who's gonna beat me up
Pablo can I go say hi to that girl yeah
Pablo here here you're gonna go say hi
all right now she's leaving look there's
people with her see she's like a
professional bodybuilder
Braden you missed your opportunity man
price single ready to mingle here we go
here we go good you know wow it's been a
while it's my first shower and a watch
this dag on RC boat man I got that thank
you so much
then double the other don't do single he
didn't do it
ready what do you do understand right
here you gotta lean together thank you
you're a god oh my cameras broke Oh
cameras broke Oh aye many people smile
more shirt too and I have this lovely
little fanny pack kind of thing we are
going and doing a 5k today but it's not
just any 5k it's you know I'll just show
you when I get there
it's kind of like I could show you can't
just tell you okay we are here oh you
can't see it very well very hot but we
are already in all of our look at all
the swag dog we are the smile more team
we have to go register and check in and
then I'll show you what we're doing in
one set and I don't have a windscreen
today so bear with me
got our numbers on and our run time we
still have like I think an hour so it's
pretty hot out we're just gonna hang out
until we're ready to run but it looks
really cool
that's an inflatable 5k and then they're
just like a obstacles so it's really
cool
we're getting in line right now for
first my first ever Saipan ever done so
much right now look at me
I really hope it's not too windy but as
you can tell there's no one behind us
Melik steep
Harry just hit two miles I'm ready okay
guys my hair looks like crazy and I'm
really sweaty but this is second class
wood and this is why I even signed up
for this race so should be fun so my
guys don't wreck the place
I really get a medal for coming in last
I really didn't think I would even
finish my tit I got a sweet hub and
that's all really sweaty I made it and I
got a medal I'm proud of myself
so we just came out to grab something to
eat we're all starving and look we're on
TV our races on TV there's Oscar
Chicago we made it we are here I feel
like I've been to Chicago a lot lately
what are you doing I'm getting to ride
it outside why outside alley
you wouldn't let me do that no it would
be this would be so fun but they got to
ruin the fun look they put blockers in
them imagine on the booster board
hitting those introduce you to deep-dish
Chicago pizza that's what we're here for
that's why we came he's happy no that's
a deep-dish so where do we go Papa
John's you go to Pizza Hut Domino's
Donatas get back on the plane yeah I'm
kidding like you know a spot yeah
a real piano joint I'm not about to
tweet out like where's the mind no one
you do it's called we hummocky Rijo
machi he'll sounds like another
Mediterranean yeah I know like where's
the best deep-dish Chicago pizza Lou
Malnati's or Giordano's see that's not
what you said told you how our first day
like Lou Malnati's but a lot of people
like Giordano's too so we are in the
beautiful Chicago we're looking for the
best pizza deep-dish pizza and I'm just
really enjoying a little free time
is that three presses dot dot oh now I'm
ready to nail on three now your role I
don't follow you I'll call you
yo-yo god yeah
bastard a little faster perfect last
time we did this we got lost our
batteries died it was a wreck not
tonight we're gonna find the best pizza
place we're gonna eat it we're gonna get
there safe maybe man you see it hey what
up dudes
what up nice to meet you whoa this is
pretty cool are you getting better dude
you're getting faster for sure you're
getting better I love getting to see the
city
you know how much they ride full-speed
into this fountain you guys know it's
actually pretty rare for us to be able
to get into the city and actually get to
venture around and see a little bit of
it for me I've been to Chicago a lot and
I never get to see the city I never go
out I never get to see things like this
than this and so I'm very fortunate
right now to just be out and about and
see this place it's beautiful that
everything's off ten ten ten ten ten ten
ten ten time time time time time time
time time time all right this is a new
one for me just a bunch of birds hanging
out with their own personal fire I mean
literally you can't get in somebody
actually has the nerves to just take the
laces off these shoes you are the God
yeah where we going
what's up man are you doing good
everybody be safe out there man
all right this is the Holly we've been
told by many many many people here in
Chicago that this is the place to go
lordy knows what were Idina Bernie knows
while the line is incredibly long we
have ordered but you have to wait to be
seated all the seats are full definitely
a hot spot here in Chicago that's for
sure every seats cool
oh my god this is the small though these
are huge dude this is barbecue watch
barbecue chicken
alright here's my take on the pizza the
pizza was unbelievable phenomenal I
didn't try the barbecue
you think of the pizza amazing
you're ready to fall asleep what do you
think man he's still eating Rhea Maki
always gets a job there
so we are look we're looking for that
chrome beam
we're looking for that that chrome beam
you know the famous bean I've never seen
it ever he's gotta be close we're going
down the road a whole like bus stops
gives fousey a shot it was girls
celebrating a bachelorette party it was
jell-o no look at this holy crap you
can't even see it what's up man ladies
warning to 9:00 in the morning why don't
meet you guys how'd you know we'd be
here
you snatch it we kind of figured here
you tell me guess it's entirely good
like the beam is the most famous for
hungry y'all I didn't see if it's like
camouflage basically a giant chrome
jelly bean but it looks amazing in the
lights
are you going side this thing what this
is so weird
whoa
we get Pablo's head go it looks weird it
looks like I'm looking straight I love
it
I am truly enjoying this alright guys
I'm back in my room and I actually ended
my vlog yeah I did this I did the thing
that I always do I talk to you guys and
say goodbye and I ended my vlog and then
fousey pounds on my door I open it
his his camera in my face and he's like
I got two girls and we're gonna prank
Pablo and I was like what okay so
basically I'm gonna tell them exactly
what the prank is I got two girls right
here hi ladies
hi beautiful girls and you know girls
I've been all over Pablo this whole tour
literally out of nowhere he's like I got
two girls we're gonna we're gonna put
we're gonna put him in Pablo's room
we're gonna get Pablo out of his room
somehow he got Pablo's room key and it's
just like this whole thing that he did
and he's like I need you I need your
help and I'm like what do you want long
story short I helped him I set up the
cameras were set up so bad Pablo
actually ended up finding my camera
which I thought I hid decent I'm
literally going to hide this camera in
here yo will you think this or that my
vlogs are on TV
so here's a quick clip of what we tried
to do Roman it was Roman
it actually ended up being hilarious in
Pablo's reaction was so genuine and just
so funny his laugh everything he was
just so caught off guard he actually
said he thought he was in the wrong room
when he turned the corner so anyway guys
thank you so much for all the support
level on this channel man thank you give
it up for Britt for filming she actually
has been vlogging but honestly it just
became like stressful to get her footage
it's just like don't even let's just not
even worry about it like I'll do what I
can so thank you guys big shout out to
Brittany first sending her footage and
it looked like so much fun like I would
have loved to do that thank you guys for
everything man we will see you tomorrow
you were beautiful you are one of a kind
smile more can I go again
don't do that I got this I know what I
did wrong come on Roman you got this
here oh no turn turn Santa keep turning
keep turning
