guys I uh I don't even know where to
start I really don't I pulled out my
camera I said I want to put an intro on
this video and I don't know where to
start we have passed 1000 uploads on
this channel today thank you guys from
the bottom of my heart there is no way
for me to express exactly how I feel
about this there's no way that I have
the words to tell you guys how grateful
and how thankful I am for you each and
every day thank you guys so much we put
together a fun little video for you I
hope you enjoy it
here's to another thousand vlogs
what's up guys Atwood look at you is
that your cheese face it's my girl Britt
we've been together almost five years
before these vlogs you guys thought I
was like some single crazy guy okay live
this crazy life Jack you know you my god
what I'm not filming editing on building
blocks of my livers are with kids
good job Kane all right guys you know
what time it is it is time to release
everyday vlogs we're gonna trap it
Oh
be honest with me what do you think I
don't even know what to say man look at
this that right there that's like a
dream come true
America's Got Talent Roman Atwood has
talent I have a mess pitkannan yeah say
boy baby don't come back just roll up in
C Mon
stop it what's up buddy we were on Roman
soldiers jennamarbles Lily used to be
ready Freddy that that no you can't do
it no overtime
this is going to be the official smile
more store guys another sign right here
says it all for me like this is like
everything and start the finishes this
is like really important hey you like my
hair you were just this big little
peanut
I can't just grab this and pull this
together oh my yeah this Bella she's the
toughest little girl on the planet
amazing thank you for the invite so
after about a two hour away they showed
up how are you girls you guys are the
most amazing are you speechless we got
our plaque from YouTube we're hitting a
hundred thousand subs on our vlogs that
is a massive number
a billion views million subscribers
tonight
don't worry about what people say don't
worry about what they say behind your
back there's a reason they're behind you
just keep being you you're beautiful
smart want to be thankful for me yeah
thankful for you
so you know I think you look beautiful
this would have so much fun without this
you're being very very patient
um honestly I've never done this on
camera but there's no one I'd rather
share my life and my memories within you
guys you guys are absolutely the reason
I do this and Wow oh yeah I truly love
you guys man I will always push you
every day to become the better versions
of who you are today man love your
family love you bu we will see you guys
tomorrow thank you
honestly for all the support thank you
for a thousand videos and a million
memories we will see you tomorrow you're
beautiful you're one of a kind smile
