welcome to the vlog guys we are all
packed up I'm headed to tour I'm trying
to take this thing but I have no bag for
it so hopefully the airport just checks
I have absolutely no idea what to do
with doesn't fit in any bags it's huge
I feel like you can't take it I'm taking
it I'm taking it it's coming with me
anyway guys what's up I hope you're
having a great day I'm leaving in case
you don't know I'm leaving for tour
today it is a long trip I'm gone for a
long time for me it's a long time away
from home we're pretty much packed up
here I give away hats during the shows
I've got the drone and all my gadgets in
their little getaway bag and this has to
go I know I hate that he knows he's too
smart he's too smart
I love the zhuzh I love you baby
that's freaking sad dude I hate that my
kids don't even look at me like that
when I leave like he knows so here we go
guys I'm on the move in his tour time
round to round 3 kind of what are you
doing dude playing cars I love you so
much buddy I'll see you soon okay
all right I actually have an idea I
think the poster board will fit in this
boat box just in case you all let me
check I'm gonna take this out let's put
this somewhere these guys sent me this
board just for tour and if I don't get
it on tour I'm gonna freak out
so check this out oh my gosh is meant to
be it's like so perfect you sell perfect
this is
okay I'm out of here the stores running
even when I'm not home everybody's
working everything running good you sure
Oh catching up everything I just be
honest with me hey see you guys I love
you baby okay you hold this fort down
all right
you is Zeus you gotta protect mommy and
father take care of mommy love you put
over here hi
you know you all right I give thanks to
Bobo's it's Bobo's my bad
Bubba's came picks names for people and
then it's it's for life it's rainin put
all the stuff in the back
booster boring nothing but problems I
really can't complain Ohio has been love
me like some of the best weather we've
had in a long time
let's try this again I'll just pile it
on yeah did you bring your camera
no you're so smart
I'll cover it I'll cover it I got you I
got you guys I told you you said you
said you better let that battery charge
more will you better remind me to grab
it
Oh my fault Jimmy's my fault he's my
fault this relationship and now it's
done raining just like that goodbye
Columbus we out of here
how about feeling Texas is gonna teach
me what it's really like to be hot
outside like I've been complaining all
week how hot it is here and then I think
Texas is gonna make realize it's not
that hot here I am such a freakin idiot
I did not pack my laptop charger that
means no vlogs for this entire tour I
did not bring what I'm trying to no I
can't
I seriously forgot I left I have a
checklist of everything I need I don't
know how I forgot I brought everything I
brought things that I'll never use on
this entire trip but I forgot one thing
I have to have
fizzy fizzy just ex-ministers I didn't
bring my drone I don't feel so bad now
Brittany's gonna actually come in the
airport thanks for bringing me up
Brittany's gonna help me carry stuff and
whoa what's going on
you got it there baby
be good I'll get the RC boat I feel like
you're going with me right now this is
terrible so many emotions right now
leaving my home without anybody just me
little old me headed to the airport
traveling with my RC boat box it always
really kicks in when I'm on my flight I
got my earbuds in I'm just listening to
my music I get real like soft I turned
into a softy
oh um I need you to drop that what's up
did no nice hat no this this this nice
little she's about this tall little
chick you know you might know like grit
or something like the little Brit yes oh
yeah I like her I like her
she gave me one dude yeah where'd she go
Brits even check him in and everything
stealing lost but that you guys have no
idea how lost and without hell she's
always helping me everything I do on a
daily basis I'm so lost
yeah oh man yeah pretty cool DJ is my
security on this tour and he is from
Columbus - so we get to fly out together
which is great thanks for doing security
while I was gone till you got him to me
yes she took care of me man everything's
been great
I love you so much
literally I love you so much I will be
thinking about you too much
you are our patron arms
like this girl is such a distraction to
my mind she overrides my brain and no
matter where I'm at no matter what I'm
doing she's taking over my mind so
please stop it
we're full
hi babe
bye baby bye baby
alright man let the journey begin
Houston Texas
it's been a good run guys I honestly
feel like I was just settling in at home
man between the monster trucks the this
the GTR stuff get my dad the court that
I was just starting to settle in it was
a heck of a break man
heck of a break now it is time for a new
adventure another adventure and that is
travel lots of travel what do you guys
want to see man what do you want to see
I know that these tour vlogs get a
little repetitious Brittany will be
vlogging like crazy so that will help
but what do you guys want to see the
most up Columbus I will see you soon
that right there equals follow Surrey
that's what that does is it and I just
follow
believe moley we have made it to Houston
Texas guys dang it's warm my board made
it which is awesome it looks like it
almost didn't make it
it's like the board's getting frosty DJ
go for it all right got a bounce over to
up Best Buy to get two things one a
charger for my phone like a mopey
charging because I can't live without it
my fingers that's so fast and to a power
charger for my laptop how do you know
which one
that's the big one right it's to find
out the small ones
this is mine for sure oh it makes me so
bummed never forgot this
it was the sky always that nice here
yeah oh my gosh are you are you on the
red side of the blue side you want team
red or Team Blue welcome to my hotel we
just spit we've been waiting on the car
to bring my blocking right back because
I left him in the car and the DJ was
like did you check all your bags I love
the hats guys my best buy bag the entire
time so welcome back and I was like a
split second for you guys but I was in
panting my heart was pounding I am like
my head is not mentally here today I'm
gonna be completely honest with you I
just I was opening my boosted board RC
boat box and I just realized I didn't
bring my power cable for it I did not
bring the charger for the freakin
booster board it's just one of the days
when you want to catch some rays now I
got this awesome board that's charged
with no charger ah
that being said before we go out to
dinner and meet up with the crew I want
to show you guys something that my son
Noah sent to me on the airplane today I
was flying I had my music on I mean just
look just look at me I mean I'm really
into it I'm like really into it here
right with a map like my emotional point
where I got like my music on and I'm
like I'm being so thankful looking out
these clouds I get a text from my son
Noah this text this text floored me man
like it hit me so hard and I felt so
just to read this text just spend one
second read this text please so so I
actually posted this to Twitter but this
is a text from my son Noah and honestly
just read it
first of all that could be the greatest
text I've ever received in my entire
life and at the time that I received it
it was just like overwhelming like it
was too much for me to handle and I just
felt so proud as a father and to have a
son that's 11 years old and he's he's
texting me like that it's just I feel so
blessed and thankful to have my sons and
know uh you my hero did this and that is
you leave me speechless man thank you so
much buddy what if I prank by
taking his charger make him believe he
forgot his that's evil I could even hey
what's up dude you miss us oh yeah I
miss you I just got to my room and
realized I didn't bring my charger for
this I'm gonna need your charger tonight
whoa these are gonna make tore plum
because I can actually show you guys the
new cities and different places we go
and just cruise around no you all right
look at him
have you ever skateboarding in your life
are you ready let's do this you ready
ready saved oh please his new wrecks
everything he touches yeah but I don't
want to wreck this I have a wreck all
right red light let's go let's go let's
go let's go let's go
real light real light
hope you guys are having a truly amazing
day man pick yourself up thanks Anne
always get so much worse we were so
fortunate to have what you have right
now man people that love you people that
care about you always outweighs the
negativity man third we've been driving
this holds on I haven't looked at my
phone once I have no idea where we're at
but why is there not a path wise in a
bad what are we going dude I got it
this is so weird waiting like sitting in
the middle of the road yeah what's up
come on ffice hey okay really gonna test
this battery out tonight man for real
this is crazy just like catch cars
I will Ajith lost my I'm lost
don't drop my phone dude Andhra I just
bought a case at best buyer for that
phone and it's not on the phone right
now I'm kind of kicking myself my head's
been really off today my mind my
thinking everything's been off today
I've forgotten a lot of things I've just
been a little weird today so let's keep
pushing forward just keep swimming not
thinking back that way now yeah what
guys really failing here maybe because I
haven't eaten in like a day can do it no
you don't have the biking sitting on
that app I've never seen two adults this
lost in a city with a phone right here
it's saying turn there's no turn now
there's no term like yeah you're not
allowed to go there oh it might be oh
there they were mad
like an experienced writer
are you dying it's dead no how far do we
have to point two miles
oh no it's not our nitro it's just not
our night what'd you just call a pulpit
uber let me hold your left hand and then
you ride when you drag yeah they're a
little bit yes bro man I guess we got
called over dude you got where's my
phone where's my phone yeah you can
skate there I get a name in Rome in all
right thanks for getting us man
no you're fine - yeah you're fine we
made it here really Mediterranean Grill
Mediterranean and this is all you
something I've been laughing and that in
falafel falafel yeah what is it
just try it
okay don't make that brownie little I
mean it's a Dre maybe depends on come on
so some what Hamas homo yeah yeah so
here's the crazy thing
do you see their door last night in the
middle of the night somebody busted it's
all glass they broke the door and tried
to break in here so now it's like a
hundred degrees in here
I hate thieves man I'm just gonna say
this right now
good call amazing Wow look at that
it looks like art don't even look like
food that's art yellow you got to say
the prayer before you start eating you
gonna do it you're gonna do it you don't
know what to say I'm gonna tell you but
you have to me okay say drama tequila
drama tequila barakatuh
Barca Varga Michael Ballack Pucci Allah
mean father mean Hannigan got a yi ching
chong ching chong kham it's a girlfriend
all right guys I am back in my hotel
room thank you for even being here right
now today has been a weird vlog it
really has it's been weird I do feel
better I have eaten a lot of food too
much food I feel I got energy though I
feel a lot better so I want to in this
vlog with some fun I want to I'm gonna
lift it up because I know today's vlog
has been weird it's been strange so I
want to lift it up on to put a smile on
your face I want to challenge you you
guys may remember a game that me
Brittany knowing Kane played we actually
played his team's it was me and Noah and
Brittany and Kane and that game was
piano tiles Brittany and Kane beat me
and Noah and they got the pious in the
face they are back they wanted to
sponsor us again and show you piano
tiles 2 not just piano tiles 2 but all
the new stuff you can do so here we go
I'm gonna challenge you you better send
me your screenshots and see if you can
beat me I completely know that you can
beat me but I wish Noah and Kane is so
good at this game and Noah is even
better they are crazy at this game I'm
not that great I've been sitting
practice and this should be nothing
right you guys can beat me I'm playing
bluestone alley which is one of the new
songs I've only got five seventy that's
my best score are you ready let's do
this
boom
I wish Cain and Noah was here because
they would stomp the score I'm gonna
skip him through I want to see who's the
best at piano tiles - dude I know one
person is watching right now with the
biggest score I want to see the
screenshots tweet them to me
I will be favoriting now I think these
are like crazy hard I get so crazy
I made it dude okay I did beat myself
you guys are gonna beat this so bad 6:19
super fun game super fun game to kill
time to sit in my hotel room like trying
to think of what's a vlog trying to get
a good enough score that I'm not
embarrassed to show you guys you know
the drill I will put the link for this
game in the top of the description you
guys must have really liked it the first
time I put it in the vlogs because they
have come back and they want to do it
again so please go check out the game
play the game show me your screenshots I
want to see the highest number like I
know you're gonna beat me maybe I want
to see like the biggest screenshot I
want to see you holding your I want to
see like your face with the phone with
the points not like a Google image I
want to see you with your score I think
that would be amazing thank you guys in
advance for checking out the game and I
just having fun with them and just have
fun it's all about having fun that's
what this is about I think it's time to
sign off man I really had a weird day
crazy day I'm here safe though my family
safe everybody's happy and they feel
good so I am very thankful right now no
matter how weird today was it is ending
with everyone feeling good and happy so
I hope you were happy I hope you are
feeling good keep your head up stay
positive keep pushing forward I was
flying today and I left it was gray it
was rainy and then I just thought as
long as you keep pushing forward as long
as you keep moving up you will hit the
sunshine man that is you right now keep
moving up I love you guys so much we'll
see you tomorrow let's get on track
let's make some fun vlogs
I'm not even talking about today let's
see movin up
thank you guys you're beautiful you're
one of a kind tell me in the comments
also today what do you want to see on
these tour blogs as I know they get
repetitious give me some advice I love
you guys we'll see you tomorrow
it's mama all right guys here we go
first time ever driving a real RC boat
like this is legit look at that little
duck over there
