we cannot get rain today no rain today
we have a very special guest and a very
special stunt that we've been wanting to
pull off for a long time it's finally
hopefully gonna happen today you know
what it is right yeah it's gonna be big
it's gonna be dangerous it's gonna be
perfect
it can't go wrong it cannot go wrong and
we cannot get rain it must not rain go
away rain to shave it all off like me I
got like I've shaved off a moment right
now yet a little bit in the back it's
crazy so I headed home let's get this
blog started all right guys so our
special guests are here already playing
video games what's up dude this is Rocco
and this kid has blown my mind over time
he actually came to my movie premiere
and like forgive me but like I need so
many people that when you came to my
movie pier I'm like oh yeah cool take a
picture I didn't know that this dude was
a professional scooter rider
Holly his mom is here and we are trying
today to perform a crazy stuff he is not
me
what's up guys you've got to be related
to rock you know Emma
I've actually met you at the premiere -
stepdad Bryan Bryan and Tanner I knew
that one I knew that when you're a
scooter rider -
so these dudes are nuts let's get it
seven years old you know what I split
with GI Joes and Legos only at seven
years old that was like the highlight of
my day
what is it have you made only like the
only people I know that make them are
down in California it's tortoise path a
guy down at the local skate park Oh
awesome he found out that everybody was
yelling screaming of how it hurt your
bottom when you fell so he came up with
what you put him on your butt yes
they're like little shorts and then they
have tailbone padding but they're
custom-made for everybody sighs like
that came yeah I'm like a superhero in
that okay who sketches this who drew
this mom drew this okay I kind of don't
want to give it up yet of what we're
doing but it's probably the thumbnail of
this video so here we go this is their
sketch of Rocko ramping my cookies I
asked them how are we gonna ramp my car
this is what they sent me and I was like
that'll work
let's do that you guys know on this
channel we try to switch things up and
do something different that you've never
seen before today I've decided to load
up the ramps go to the park I'm gonna
pull Rocco on the dirt bike with a rope
kind of like you get towed into a ramp a
pro surfer they get towed in I'm gonna
tow him in he's gonna hit the ramp and
jump my GTR maybe a backflip I don't
know we're gonna have fun let's do this
we're gonna load up this ramp head to
the park I'm so pumped kids crazy man he
wants to do without a downside so he's
telling me he can use just this part of
the ramp go over my car and just land on
concrete to me that sounds crazy like my
I can just feel my knees just going out
of my skin
this is a taste of what today's gonna be
like what the heck dude they brought the
kids these great what are these did like
adult sister this is so cool
holy cow you do tricks on them yes I bet
you can I got a bunch of extra cameras
GoPros a rope to pull Rocco I think
we're ready dude
you ready to do this don't hit my car
don't hit my car Rocco look at this bike
I love it
we think that no bike sure you cannot go
today this is something you don't want
to miss this place is a zoo all right do
your thing I'm gonna do mine okay
hey what's gonna come and hang out yeah
he's coming with us yeah okay Cain's
going with me okay you guys ready I'm
ready
you guys doing some shopping you guys
ready to do this we got the cameras we
got the kids we've got we got a truck
loaded with toys dude dirt bike ramp
bikes RC I'm bringing the RC because
I've kind of been promising you guys
that I would hit this ramp with it
and I think today's is there so you get
nervous you're feeling the but you're
riding and the car hear about the jump
really nervous
you know this problem I've seen you on a
scooter dude you're probably gonna land
in the trees do this one pull you on the
dirt bike bro
I can't you have you ever been pulled on
a dirt bike before a jump that's how you
know it's a good idea today we have it's
true
we have I'm very pulled by anything
instead of my 12 wakeboarding
you've never been pulled in you've never
jumped the GTR I'm not sure many people
have today is all about new things man
he wanted to just jump in I said no we
got to do it from a dirt bike we got to
change it up
we got to make things weird on this
channel man I got the car clean just for
today it's never that clean this is this
is total play day right here dude how
often you just fill your truck ball toys
come to a park and unload it
what if Tanner's the one actually
pulling you he would understand your
speed better right would you be better
at pulling him because when you pull the
speed he need so we need to do a lot of
practice right see exactly how fast we
need to go so you okay with this one
moms okay I'm okay I'm okay I mean I
know this kid has it in him I think he's
just gonna be worried about the car I'm
worried about the car too buddy
it'll be fine man I know you got this I
wouldn't even come up with this idea if
I didn't know you could do it these guys
are ridiculous small more hat
this is Rocco practicing without the
dirt bike see if he's got the speed oh
you got it he's trying someone's right
now with the car back so we can just see
what it looks like all right we took a
test with the bike in the rope he's
confident wants to try over the hood of
the car right now he's cooling down on
the truck it is wicked humid it's like
sticky wet here me and you dude mainly
you seven years old about the jump
the GTR no pressure you ready let's do
this let's go I'm so ready
this kid is awesome and it's so talented
brave too he's brave
there we go all cameras are rolling he
literally took like one practice round
you give me the thumbs up I go let's do
it here we go guys
oh my gosh it was just a mistake
round two
did your a chant man you were so high in
the air it's not way out okay we'll go
back to second you told me I'm just
doing what you tell me but you're
definitely flying are you ready ready
okay here we go guys give it up for
Rocko even his name's cool here we go
give me a hug that's amazing you jumped
it so easy
heck yeah that's it he jumped the GTR
I'm so proud of him man that's amazing
he really likes dirt bikes he will not
get off the dirt bike
I can't even vlog with him because he
just wants to terrify he said it's his
victory lap he deserves it yeah he said
I get to take a victory lap mom I have a
feeling it's not gonna be long before
he's jumping dirt bikes so the next time
you come you're jumping the GTR long
ways on a dirt bike
deal shake on it
it's Kemetic this is blood commitment
it's in alright it's my turn it's not as
cool as Rocco but I'm gonna hit the RC
on the ramp let's do it dude you want to
do the RC heck yeah okay I'm gonna
moving my car I don't want my car this
is gonna be so bad dude it's hard to
drive I'm not gonna lie and I've
promised my viewers for a long time I
was gonna ramp this thing so you want to
film for me anybody want to make
predictions of where it's gonna land
where's he gonna land guys I want to
pull past that tree ranch over there
probably I was like is just gonna dive
in the
oh my god that went so much farther than
I thought that went like maybe fifty
feet farther than I thought I was gonna
oh did it came down like a parachute
how's the body still on I know I don't
think the wheels or anything are bad
because it landed onto the back
dude I won't be surprised if it still
works
try seriously I mean the connectors are
pulled out but that was so worth it just
to watch it fell in slow motion it did
it really did legit in the air for like
10 seconds imagine if you put a
parachute on it'd be so cool
well that shock is completely gone even
the top the cap this is all we're
definitely sitting on the ground
for some reason I thought that it would
go that way I don't know why I was
thinking go that way so it was you know
way higher death I was gonna look at the
gears honestly shocked top the new mount
plate and a new all this is is just
shifted this way shift it that way to
the new gear I bet this thing works
snow yeah we just but she just keep
repairing this thing and keep destroying
it see how many lifes have alright I'm
letting Tanner drive the GTR probably
bad idea just in the parking lot yeah
what do you think so happy have no idea
it's like all this mom work oh my god
your little love give it a little longer
make you smile
oh my god hahaha this is the best thing
ever okay double right yeah go down here
okay we packed the whole squad up what a
good day Rocko I'm proud of you dude
you're killer - man I can't believe you
guys can do that steak it's like a whole
nother world I like ya when I was your
age there wasn't the scooters wasn't
like a sport you guys have like blown my
mind but this is so cool so we had those
squad packed up we're headed to a famous
ice cream shop that I used to go to when
I was a little kid called Wellman's and
it's still around it's still making ice
cream and uh we're gonna go right now
dude you probably pick one of the
hottest days to do that Stein it's so
hot
treacherous ice cream man this is so
good right there geez some chocolate it
looks so good I don't know what I want
man I used to come in here as a kid the
same booths that are still here as a
little kid usually get a banana split or
they had these giant 50-cent obstacles
that were huge they were like that big
around long I can bake like a icy-pop
but they were like huge
what should I get out of what I want
wait a minute what's going on in here oh
my gosh you guys are all trying what are
you guys trying to do wait to hear to
the couch I'm afraid to make a decision
I don't know where they've seen this
done before I actually made it up at my
house I parachuted off my thumbnail is
nice dude that's it's definitely
original I love your originality
what are you doing changing he's like
trying to kill it we are saying our
goodbyes the rock gonna suit aful family
thank you guys for coming out dude
thanks for jumping the car with no
scratches and crashing that's that's
good you did great what let's go play
ball for a minute come on oh yeah yeah
come on outside Rocco and his family is
gone we are wrapping up our fun day Zeus
you need to play dude ready you ready he
can do this all day
CRC ten minutes he's done you are on
bikes I thought you got cookies he's
giving you a back massage dude such a
fun day guys how cool are they dude
great scooter so I don't even know that
stuff existed really man like I said
when I was growing up it was it was like
BMX skateboard motocross scooters were
coming in and now they're like they're
insane they're literally insanely you'd
like blew my mind good good day class
just once your bagel dude look at it
he's like drop something drop one dang
anything all right guys it is finally
time to fill you in on something I've
been working on Rome and you're supposed
to blow up your cop car Roman you made
us a promise it is here for you guys
watching right now you get the top
secret information in case you're new to
this channel this is my cop car
had it for a long time I had it made and
shipped out here for the prank that I
pulled on grandma had her fake arrested
so that she thought she was speeding in
my car blah blah blah most you know
about it but this is the cop car I
promised you guys that I would destroy
this cop car and although I've had a
million inquiries for this cop car I
told everybody that I made a promise to
my viewers I'm going to destroy the cop
car so for you guys watching right now
since you've made it all the way through
this video here's what I'm doing ok so
you guys know that I've been doing a lot
of live stream stuff a lot of live
stream stuff live dot me I've told you
about this site I actually like it so
much I've had so much fun you guys have
enjoyed the live streams I enjoy doing
them it's like a nice little bonus live
vlog I don't consider it a live stream I
consider it a live blog there's no
there's no editing there's no if I make
a mistake I can't cut it out like the
vlogs I can cut cut cut during the live
stream it is raw vlog at its finest so
so this Sunday be ready guys I don't
have the exact time yet but Sunday early
late morning late morning I'm aiming for
it we were doing something so freakin
amazing now it will be in the vlog but
if you want to see it first you want to
watch it live I'm teaming up with my
sponsors over live dot me to make this
the most epic live experience guys we
are doing something that is is gonna
change the live game I would be
completely real with you guys man when I
started the sponsorship with live dot me
I was like there's a lot of live stream
stuff going on but how do we change it
how do we take it to the next level
imagine watching this epic adventure
with this cop car but you can change
camera angles live literally different
camera angles live that's my plan I want
to change it up I want to do something
different I want to do something so fun
and when I do live streams I want it to
be I want it to be almost like a an
episode so click on the top link
download the app follow me Matt we're
gonna have so much fun on this app I'm
telling you it's a fun time and just
join me don't be skeptical we're gonna
have a blast
come show some love show some sport
let's let's do the biggest live stream
anybody's ever seen I just told him
about Sunday
I know no more cop car game are you
excited for Sunday yeah it's gonna be
crazy I really kind of just want to tell
you guys when I'm doing it that might
ruin the fun these bikes are so sick the
cop car thing you know what I'm sorry
what his nuts isn't it super awesome of
rock on his family to bring these bikes
cuz the kids have been on them all day
like they're so cool just what we need
right now is a good place to say goodbye
for today we are we're gonna hang out as
a family roof off Zeus all day that's it
it's it no I guess it moves by itself he
doesn't realize that we pick it up look
he just stares sure so we're gonna say
goodbye thank you guys so much for all
the daily support this shares girl likes
we're gonna continue the Twitter spree
actually we need to do that I have
already done multiple sets of this but
no one has asked if he can do it today
so go ahead just pick a tweet this is my
Twitter click on any tweet hit the
retweets and then follow every single
person and just go go go
we're gonna keep this going I absolutely
love it you guys are insane this house
is insane and thank you for the support
on yesterday's vlog my dad's birthday
vlog it was just it's still a little
mind-blowing and I'm so thankful I was
able to do it my family is just beside
themselves and your support was more
than I could ever ever imagine you guys
always surprise me said thank you for
everything we will see you tomorrow
don't forget about Sunday seriously
click the link follow me on live got me
it is going to be the best livestream
you've ever seen I don't even want to
say that but I'm telling you it's gonna
be something you you just can't expect I
love you guys we see tomorrow you're one
of a kind don't forget how beautiful you
are
smile more it froze so I need you to do
me a quick favor to mom I'm not gonna be
here for your birthday I'm on again so
we're actually here for you to pick out
any Corvette you want once again folks
I'm not falling for that boy
