welcome to the vlogs guys today is
something extremely important today is
something very special to me all my dogs
I actually already know that I don't
have the words to explain to you guys
how special today is I already know that
I can't actually explain to you how
important today is I know that I don't
have the communication skills to tell
you guys what today means to me in my
family this is something that I've put a
lot of time a lot of thought in I've
never actually been able to pull it off
until now long story short is today is
nothing more than trying to fulfill a
lifelong dream to my father man my
superhero the reason I exist on this
planet dad this is for you I guess the
hard part to explain to you guys is that
this is a dream of my father's to own
this car his whole life there is no way
for me to explain that I have seen this
car go down the street my whole life and
my dad be like man one day I'm gonna
have that car but he hasn't he has never
got the car he will never buy the car my
dad had all the money in the world he
still wouldn't buy the car he's just not
the guy to do that he's very low keys
very humble he drives a beat-up Honda
Civic which is fine but today it's gonna
change last but not least my dad is a
workaholic it is so hard to get him out
of work he works non-stop the
hardest-working man I've ever met in my
life he will work until he drops I
guarantee it my dad never stops working
so I had to come up with an excuse today
I couldn't even call him because I had
to lie to him I had to tell my dad hey
Dad
I just found over 200 acres for sale
over in pataskala do you want to come
with me my dad my dad loves land he
loves property he loves for me to invest
in those things so I got my dad out of
work so I'm picking him up he believes
we're going to look at land we're gonna
tell him that we're actually picking up
Brittany's car at the car lot that's
being worked on let's do this guy's
thank you so much for being here
I don't expect dad to give much reaction
I think we'll see the reaction over time
like throughout the weeks
I bet it I bet it works pretty hard on
his emotions today yeah like that it
will because even me you know you're our
son so we look at you like you know
you've become you've you've always been
a very generous person and you've always
shown us great love I mean there's
there's no greater gift that we can get
as a parent more than love from our
child so I mean that's it's really
touching I know it's gonna touch me now
but you know we love you and we're glad
you're successful well I'm nothing
without you guys so let's go do this
yeah it's gonna be a blast action ready
I am I'm thrilled that I do get to see
this yeah I'm nervous I've never had to
lie to dad before he thinks we're going
to look at property which he's so
excited I think he's gonna be bummed
well he's gonna say you're still gonna
look for property right I'm actually
getting really nervous about this my dad
believes that we are going to look at
property which he's very excited for me
to invest in properties and land and he
he really likes that kind of stuff and
so do I so when I called him today and
told him that we're going to look at
property he was like yeah let's go let's
go I got him out of work and and and
we're using Brittany's white Chevy Cruze
to get to the Chevy lot we're gonna tell
him that it's there getting work done so
when we pull into the Chevy lot there's
no thought of maybe maybe we're looking
at cars I'm nervous but why am i so
dressed up
I am asking why you're wearing that why
are you wearing that he's gonna be
really thrown off by this hey guys I
will say straight up I don't expect my
dad to react much it's gonna be very
quiet it's very nice it's all mental
it's all mental I don't know what he's
gonna do just really quiet but this is a
huge huge day so I'm honestly today was
a surprising day that you were available
like I didn't think when I called you
you would be like yeah let's go
yeah well I try to take you haven't been
asking very much yeah just for the
record we're gonna continue our normal
day of vlogging Britt are you going back
to the store you know for sure 25 you're
not ready for it
I don't know if it's gonna look at the
land with us we have to drop her off get
her car that has been repaired if you
guys really should you can always follow
it's not far from here like we can do it
quick come on Britt go along you got to
go you want to pick okay we'll get your
car boom so I need you to do me a quick
favor to mom I'm not gonna be here for
your birthday I'm on top again so we're
actually here for you to pick out any
Corvette you want once again hope I'm
not falling for that boy with your
grandma but it don't work for me you
gotta let it out
it's fancy so I'm not kidding ya boy
crap me man this is our man right there
you know what to pick out any Corvette
you want and I was gonna get you a car
and I decided to be way funner to let
you come pick anyone I swear I'm not
kidding everybody thinks I'm joking it's
for you and I want to do this more than
anything what mom's on her way now maybe
I'll believe that I can't even get him
to believe me he doesn't believe me
it's incredible was I here yesterday
absolutely he's trying he's trying to
plan everything out he just says you
know what I'm just gonna show up and
then you deliver the Honda Civic I have
wanted to do this for so long
I finally had spotted are you where I
can do this
and nobody deserves it you don't have to
do this of course I don't have to I have
to do it for you of those you this is
this is for you
and I'm not turning back you're picking
any car you want I suggest a zo6
wide-body you're making me really
nervous like that dude that red one
right there is just like outer space
I told Britt you'd only pick red or blue
that was my thought like that look just
drive it you have wanted I'll be in my
entire life listen this isn't a car that
we see on the street my dad's like wow
nice car this is a car since I could
walk
he's been like look at that Corvette it
look at that Corvette it's your dream
car it is the truth the only like fancy
cool car I would ever imagine ever body
and now I'm buying it for you
you fit okay in there you can't really
wear work boots took that from work he
never quits working I can't even believe
I got him how give it a little Rev now
Roman I've heard I've heard of
celebrities doing this before and they
all wind up broke everything further
parents and grandparents and friends are
than they won if I go broke
this will still be worth it well I'm
going for it oh so this means we're
really not going to look at hi know that
you'd actually be upset we're not
looking at land Oh ironic is I like man
200 acres in pataskala a even pile well
we're still spending money that's hot
and I love it
I love that
oh wait a minute you guys are all in on
this crap when you guys came and told me
what was going on didn't know till this
morning honestly I had a really sick
feeling when he said that it's just like
I can't road you being in that right
Dale didn't know at all I had mom tell
him today
I just went good I was like they didn't
ask me to go steal and that's the one
we're looking at right now pulling up a
red one wow how many words power 650 oh
right in front of the shippers a little
bad to remind you what you're sitting
there just before you get the gas
what do you think mom I don't know I
we're so uncomfortable with that sorta
thing I can't even I can't even picture
of us in that car yeah you know I'll get
plenty of pictures of you guys totally
put in my garage wrap it up what I think
red with the black wheel there you go
he's gonna swap them out right now is it
common for people to just show up that's
the car and go is that what happens you
know
no no this is yours in the making you're
in it it is awesome it is for us too
after it is for us man
alright you got the red seats the black
wheels and we are gonna swap out for
black wheels we're gonna switch the
Chrome out which I I'm a big fan of the
black look at that
we just made them so look at my mom and
dad right now they don't even know what
to think good look at him man you guys
look hot
well you know what just start to feel a
little better yeah so funny thing is
when you kids were young like me and Sue
had to travel a lot and I don't remember
hardly any of my birthday's I complained
a lot about them because we had a
particular show I always fell on my
birthday but one time we were in Vegas
on the birthday and whoever was watching
you hand me the phone and you and Dale
sang me happy birthday and it's like the
only real birthday I really remember on
that one was you guys singing me happy
birthday and I you know I teared up and
I like wow you know it was still really
meaningful to me and I'm sure I'm not
gonna forget this well and even though
we're not gonna be together on the
birthday this time you know we won't be
together on your birthday we get in like
it's 6:30 and once again I'm gonna be
traveling again on my skype and still
sing so I expect you guys to call me and
sing to me this year I'm just gonna send
you a picture of your new Corvette
alright alright so everyone's in there
doing paperwork and everything I thought
I better say a few things you know
everybody my thoughts run deep
you just never know the seeds you plant
and you know raisin families and things
you you're always questioning whether
it's worth the sacrifice of time to give
to your kids your wife keeping things
together fighting for you know your
families and is it worth it and you know
I've always heard that kids you know are
like arrows if you don't shoot them at
the bullseye then they're never gonna
have a chance of hitting the bullseye
and although I wasn't a perfect father
you know I just stuck with the family
and tried to make it always work and I
sacrificed you know some of my own
personal glory and gains for that thing
but then later on you know kids grow up
and they start reflecting hopefully who
you tried to help them be and man Roman
and Dale had just constantly amazed me
of being good people and what I say to
you is you know no matter what your
situation like Roman says be positive
but don't be afraid to sacrifice
personal fun and glory overtop of
staying with your family and just giving
them love maybe lose a few nights out
being with them or a few good times when
you take them out personally and you
know it's not about the money I've
always said money is a byproduct of what
you do and what you love but you got to
love something because you can't love
money and get money you have to love
something and then there's a byproduct
there of
but uh it just proves that you know the
plan works and if you stick with it it's
worth it Hey
peace out all right you ready for the
fun part we get to pay for this thing so
all dad's new car is getting detailed
and just dude it's gonna look so good to
put the black wheels on it we're gonna
grab a bite to eat and then by the time
we're done you my friend are gonna be
driving your new car I got a ride with
you gotta ride with Daddy oh he'll feel
the power 650 650 horsepower yeah which
by the way is quite equal to all five
cars take you with that I vine combine
my truck has 340 horsepower how much
does your smart car have that has an old
smart girl how much is like sophomores
it is one liter pathetic hey so um I
just bought we we had no idea that the
top pops off of this car that's and we
got the black wheels oh that's awesome
from you sir
that's nice then that they so clean
cameras that's got cameras on K that's
it that's the cleanest car I've ever
seen in my life
wow that's a hot little machine man
where'd you get my camera I wanna get a
picture of him in front of the car yarn
dragon dude he got the red interior I
got to clean my pants out and tuck my
sure there hey not many people go
straight from the factory to the vet
you're still in your work clothes man
when I started today I thought I was
gonna be in dirt all day as every day
now you're back man it's gonna take at
least a week for it to sink in I haven't
had anything physically ever given to me
that nice
just for the record not even in the room
it's gonna take a little while to grasp
what what I have it's not even mine I
can't stop granted body lengths so
awesome push and then secure there's two
two levers each visor that is especially
hard huh yeah all right we're all going
our separate ways dad's getting a crash
course on the car it's got so many
options dude there's buttons
no one's ever taken officially you just
schools you can buy it for you can just
fly home but the the auto cooler on here
is pretty cool really yeah Brittany is
taking the GTR home so that I can ride
with dad thank you not completely sure
about it
tickets fine just don't
be careful I'm ready I'm ready I mean we
got in this seat yet
whoo so this is what it feels like man
it's deep seats baby all the way beautif
deep seats
remember Kurt you're part of a family
now it's a Corvette that passes you
they're gonna be ambitious number one
because you have the zo6 but the thing
to do is either wait or just giving a
little thumbs up you know like
motorcycles they all got that little
thing going on when they have my welcome
to the family buddy
welcome thanks bud see you soon
see how these brakes are this is the
first time you've ever moved in over
time
it sounds amazing
bitches rumbles number I'm not that
crazy you outdid yourself this time
putting this thing in the hands of the
maniac like father like son oh I was
hoping to never get the fever of power
well you got it I was always trying to
be humble and controlled and now power
it's a smile maker that's for sure our
car
you need that power beautiful car man
I'm even like in all just sitting with
her you're awesome
looks like somebody wants to race Fox
I'll give it to it
how many first-time sports car owners
have got a ticket the first day day by
there you know what happens all the time
we're gonna let this go all right so I
didn't get to have oh no it's so dirty I
didn't get to have a ball on my dad's
car but this is from grandmas when we
were fortunate enough to get grandma on
new car we had two bows oh man it's so
dirty red on red it is so ridiculous to
be like a family heroine this ribbon
here let's stand right here
hold the ball let's see if I can get a
good picture of you I might jump in with
you you look great in it man he looks so
good
so what do you think so far what's your
first thoughts man speechless it's not
the car ran it's everything that gets to
the car it's it's everything from your
whole life you reflect on how things
work out to work out like this how many
millions away life can go I had a guy
that not too long ago told me he was
getting the divorce he was leaving his
wife and his kids and I said dude
you're just halfway there man you got to
make it to the end and he says well
there is no rainbow at the end and I I
said but there could be a rainbow at the
end and I don't know whether we grasp it
or not but there is you know and it's
all those things man they come together
and when you work together and people
love each other family and it's good
yeah it's all about you know
it's all about sacrifice lots of open it
up and getting it later I guess
hey man Kane you want to go see
grandpa's new car come on dude look at
this is that crazy how cool is that oh
my gosh it's like a rocket it's
unbelievable
well well I was driving you and your GTR
people were just throwing their numbers
in the car I got some looks like holy
cow that's a cool garden a nice you mean
they're like whose daughter's driving so
guys there it is we have fulfilled my
dad's dream to own a new Corvette man
and I I'm so emotional today I am I'm so
beside myself on how this is all worked
out I am so honored to be able to do
this for my father man there's no amount
of things that I can do in my life to
repay my dad for everything he's done
for me there's just no item there is no
amount of money there is no real way to
pay my dad back but it felt so good to
get this for my dad man I honestly think
it's gonna take days it may take weeks
for this all to sink in even for myself
to see my dad with this and get to see
him so you know my mom today so my mom I
actually told her off camera this
morning I told her what I was gonna do
and I didn't film that and I wish I did
my mom's response was so genuine she
said my mom started to tear up and the
only thing she said was I just can't
wait to see your dad that happy like
that's what she thought like all she
cared about was seeing dad that happy
and that to me is just gold man that is
it's just it is so hard to find people
that fight for family man it really is
we have a lack of that in this world
right now we have to fight for our
family guys fight for them big or small
whether you are flat broke or you are
filthy rich family outweighs everything
keep your family so close to you man it
is all we have and I keep reminding you
guys this all the time but look
love your family man no matter who you
no matter who you got in your life love
them memories these are the people are
gonna be beside you in the end man all
your friends your best friends it's so
rare those people are there in the end
man when you're laying on your final
days it's families all we got man I
promise you that it's a fight for them
I'm gonna leave you with that I am a
little extra emotional today this was
something that was not easy for me it
was not easy for any of us to pull this
off this was a big expense this was a
big you know I could have easily taken
this money and done a million things
with it so to do this for my dad was
number one right now I had to get I had
to do that thank you guys so much for
the support not just to me but to my
family I bring you along every day on my
life I was there was a huge part of me
there was a huge part of me that wasn't
even in a film this entire experience um
but then there was no way to explain why
my dad has a Corvette later in the vlogs
and there was other reasons too but
thank you for always showing you respect
your support your love to my family
myself man I love you guys thank you for
everything what is your dream car
everybody has that car like one day I'm
gonna get that car man and I promise you
this you do what you love and you will
get that car you will get that car do
what you love first up do what you love
I freakin love you guys man we will see
you tomorrow we have something against
so cool planned I don't even want to say
a word about it special guests will be
at the house and they are doing a
massive stunt that's all I'm gonna say
thank you guys
you're beautiful smart also gotta say
happy birthday dad
happy birthday man you are just
incredible I again I don't have words to
ever let you know how I really feel and
thank you for everything
three
