deadly poisonous Oh welcome to the blog
guys this household has been incredibly
illed Alaska I mean like both ends very
disturbing not really something you want
to share on the vlogs we're all feeling
a lot better Britney and the girls and
Cora are out wedding-dress shopping
that's something I never thought wedding
dress shopping dude that's so I can't
even see I'm like you better send me
pictures
she's like no pictures cannot send you
pictures you see it when we get married
so I will be just as clueless as you
guys on the wedding dress thing that all
being said I figured the best thing to
do today as we're feeling better Scott
get some fresh air
feel good take all the boys it's boys
day Dale Dale Dale Dale Conrad Cain no
uh let's go let's go let's go I'm gonna
help you come on
so welcome this is gonna be a boy's day
adventure everything we can do with the
boys work right we got the water bags
get on unscrew the top no girls all
right you got it
so this is Kane's water he's got the
sweet look it matches your shirt almost
get this awesome backpack that's a water
thing in it no you're gonna hike with
this right I guess you can put it on the
Quan all right dude I got two sandwiches
packed the beef jerky come on the
essentials put him in there put him in
there that's right you gotta have the
shirt oh boy he's braiding it he's
raiding the hall jeez you better put
enough in there for everybody doors man
let's go even's ready I got some horse
what's it called horse saddle horse know
nothing about 5,000 gallons of paraquad
would take care o baby
mother nature's
me oh this stuff right here you rub
against this sucker I guess it's called
horse net Oh like John fireman it feels
like itchy and burning all at once chase
nice backpack you look like a fortnight
character right now I'm ready to go this
back thing is flinging so this is good
as smart as ever to adventure out we've
got this little trail but we're all
buried in you're gonna have to reverse
it why we're short no way that's the way
from you might want to
sometimes it takes the Sun to teach the
father
oh my gosh oh that's one right there
good to go yeah
yeah
oh it's clear
good job Liza I know we need a girl on
the team boom boom go for it she's
fierce the size of this dog is that a
melody yeah trails clear time to
continuing I did break out the glasses
today I feel so good wearing on guys I
can see so good not ashamed oh well know
what tells me how good I look every day
and I'm just rocking it like the
footpath how did you get such good eyes
and I got stuck with mom's eyes look
she's rocking her glasses too mom and
dad came out with pleasure shake and
bake colony now what do we know about
millipedes nothing they got a thousand
legs did it deadly poisonous Oh milk
train continues I don't know where we're
going but having a great time doing it
except for this metal brutal nasty if
you've ever been hit by it know what it
feels like it's weird so my dad he was
the only one that said I want to buy I'm
taking a bike mud y'all go in front of
me I want to watch
not only that just nettle goes right
through his Genie suit I didn't know
what it was how did it get run through
this whole big patch of it my leg is on
fire that was just a fraction of it he's
going through all of and my dad pulls up
he says hey watched up for that net oh
it is super stick down here yeah get it
pops big turtle no come on pops let's
see let's see you do it come on
everybody's doing it the mud Harley
actually did really well this looks like
good opportunity for adventure right
who's gonna go all the way across the
street from here to there all right
let's see it I see it
you get one PAMP bonus in your paint
bucket you don't get money you get
smiles and fun ooh this looks like fish
yeah we could fish one out deep it is
let's find out okay you're lighter than
I am grab this vine and swing yeah swing
vote this is awesome an outdoors family
aye sunshine jungle you think I'm gonna
make it there I'll give you are you
serious I make sure I get that song I
think I think you should start from the
hill though if you want to get the speed
you need now I think I can make it all
right let's see it lets see it
oh yeah I would not have believed that
you just swung from a vine like a monkey
bro nice I would not have believed that
I would not believe that it actually is
this is a poison ivy vine Konrad's
almost over just don't let go it'll take
you as long as you know like here come
stand on this and reach higher this is
what it's all about right here learning
how to be boys on tight nice
oh just a little stick wait which way
you going you look like you're gonna hit
me well pops you already been mud
running all day what a good vine what a
good oh this is pretty cool bunch of
trees are falling in this river and it's
just made it like a jungle gym yeah
you're going all the way dude
ready let's see it no you gotta jump in
swing you dangling now the Sharks are
gonna get you get pumping oh come on
jungle man come on there's a dinosaur
coming through the woods you got to get
over here this is the only safe spot
running jump run a jump
look at that scary thing there you go
okay don't let go don't let go good job
honey give it all you got don't let go
you got this I'll get you one handed
vlogging everything ready just don't let
go there's no fun way to fall ready
right there do it so we're out here in
the literally mud pretty rough but it's
amazing spawn the water the Sun
everything's great I brought something
that we've never ever done in the vlogs
supposedly I'm really maybe I brought
all their suppose this is gonna be
something for my my dad's all about this
stuff
supposedly you can drink just about
anything with it like you can drink out
of the creek it's supposed to give you
fresh water so we're gonna give that a
shot I don't know maybe it's south bad I
just got healthy huh all right who's
brave enough I brought to life straws
wait are we doing it from here no you're
supposed to be able to drink your own
urine with these my biggest fear with
these was right listen how do you keep
that uh-huh the end of your mouth so you
unscrew it
you don't ever touch that screw it it
pops off
I know I've got a bunch of them so
American today so when I was young I
used to drink out of the Licking River
right but I found out about a year later
the sewage cleaning plant was like it
gave you great gave you great vision
though are you down water I think it
immune me to everything you were down
water like the waters flowing from the
yeah yeah not only that the way I found
it I was swimming in the river and I
noticed like this green junk coming down
the river and I'm like I'm gonna follow
up where that is do a big sewer tile I
remember as a kid drinking out of the
creek just literally handfuls of water
just drink it pull these caps right okay
I never used one okay so this is
beautiful water it actually is Roman I
challenge you to do that well I would
get sick even thinking about that it's a
live strong don't you do it with me
here's LifeStraw you are insured I mean
it's moving water
yeah you're fine right where I'm
supposed to be tomorrow you know what
happened mom's thirsty so the idea is
like you could spit it into a company be
crystal clear like a wild animal like a
little deer and you know you run across
that streaming you go oh look at the
spider yeah yeah a sucky mop okay you
guys ready now I'm just gonna act like
I'm drinking this does it taste like
water is it
I hope I'm sucking the right you're not
just chugging water right you're not
getting any but there is tension it's
all them all that sediment okay I got
water how is it it tastes like water
stays like dirt tastes like dog poo
making me thirsty how's it mom it's a
lot better than the water in my house no
that's hilarious so when you talk about
survival you'd want one of these in your
bag it's way better than bothered by the
way I already have one in my bag yeah
definitely found the spot for the kids
cane refused to put shorts on and he
just walked up to me he's like I want
shorts
that's what you got you got pants I'm
coming in with you dude I haven't I
haven't been in a river for a long time
like true kids are having a blight you
guys like this
some are swimming downstream the sticks
a good spot to hold on now here with me
and the boys but I gotta go chesty and
it is cold baby here we go here we go
here we go oh you're warm here's the
question could you do like a challenge
like a river child 24 hours in the river
I know you'd do it man 24 hours in the
river with your life straw
it'd be brutal at night do you know
Conrad that's for grabbing my leg boy
guys ready to move ready to move it's so
muddy down through here I want to ride a
boy just hammer through it pizzas
flaking mom no I'm great okay pack you
guys have phones a good adventure great
one out you guys ready to go home go to
sleep soon as we get back straight to
the pond they're gone
they're out here and one pack good dads
calm what up dudes what up dudes
was a really really successful timing
uncouple the pool looks a little green
is the pool green green yeah it is
there's my pool boy
no but it's literally good time like
when you're in the we're in the jungle
today you can't see out of that place
like it is you can't see if the storms
even coming donkey am talk to me I'm
super excited to see Bret and Cora -
Mona how tux let me in tux
okay good kitty good kitty okay I need
you to jump up I need your locket don't
just stand there look at me
I need this week oh you need a town baby
you need a town I got you I got you
yo okay so um glass glasses where am I
saying that right people that wear
glasses this is the first day that I've
wore my glasses all day like I legit
maybe in the first few clips I took them
off cuz I don't
the vlogging is just like you know what
this is me so I've worn them for hours
and hours and hours when you take them
off I feel I'm like class on it I'm like
literally like it feels weird to even
look around like I feel funny so it's it
feels weird now so now I'm like God put
my glasses on feel no no people that
wear glasses that's normal right like
that's that's that's normal let's go so
babies my ladies hi I love you I'm so
dirty I don't know if I should just grab
you
oh yeah she's trying to say dad died I
came here when I walk away not soon it's
coming thanks for let me in tux tux let
me okay let me see my little girl my
little flower how was you doing tell me
there's so much I need to know who's
Louie you got a dress it's a is it here
in this house has to be altered coming
come on I know you want he went with
mommy all day one name is daddy lunch we
went like two norstrom shopping and I
tried to take her to stride right to get
her like shoes walking oh it's nothing
anymore so we went forever I walked to
find not and it's not theirs it was a
spin Oh daddy gets dizzy fast nowadays
what do you want you wanna eat now all
she wants to do a shot you already got
her shopping
I'm just open to my guy
I hope aha she grabs a card and throws
it at the card machine like just take my
money well we had a great day it bounced
around a lot I covered what I could it
was like you know what happened what I
actually woke up I was meeting the kids
I said I think I'm gonna vlog today and
both are more like cool yeah yeah and I
was like do you really want me to be
larger do you want me not to blog like a
wall if you guys both um were like yeah
dude do whatever you want so I I did
film some of our day like no no not a
thick vlog where I filmed everything but
I filmed some stuff we broke out the
LifeStraw yeah yeah we're talking about
what I did when they already seen it's
weird
flying's weird give it to her give it to
her give it to her watch this well now
she's offended that you give it back
she's getting big guys uh-oh are you
gonna have to eat that Rizzuto off the
floor tyreq oh we're back home is a good
day very successful for all of us I have
been dying to get the boys out on their
own it ended up being a lot of family
which is wonderful like I'll always take
that just want to get them out of the
house and go play like that's gonna be a
lot of the summer like just going out
everywhere anywhere bike ride and swim
whatever it is big focus for me and
these boys this summer that is a huge
focus on is much is about to be longer
check this out I feel like Ohio should
be a weather like it's not gonna rain
today it's gonna Ohio today it's gonna
be very sporadic this poor guy this
guy's head does not want to stay up dude
inflate it all the time go storm dude
let's go it's in The Adventures of
Donkey and flash on this week's episode
we'll donkey nip flashing a button nope
before storm always have to remember to
tie everything down look at this it's
going crazy dude look at my flag big
raft don't want him today end up in the
neighbor's house hard this guy maybe
actually it's tied good everything has
to be tied down where we live we just
get like these crazy gust winds and
things you'll fly like this trampoline
that's a tent that's that's a kite
that's a kite right there I got these
giant metal stakes that hold down all
the legs actually there is literally
nothing holding this down there was
nothing holding this trampoline - holy
cow it's like a sign from above dude
that's so weird I've always had that
stake down but we just moved it
so I got nothing to hold it down so I'm
gonna tie it down to the mower do these
glasses make me smarter Oh almost hit
the pool dude oh man okay boom I mean
it's not gonna lift this I'm gonna hit
the pool drive in here dude during storm
Oh guitar string baby boom boom boom
boom boom alright we are all showered
come on you just were walking let's see
it come on get it come here she oh okay
you got this you got this
there's my girl like if she likes rugs
or shoulders when she walks just do the
shoulder block come get it let's go girl
she's killing it
oh well she kind of like I don't know
just like depends maybe if it's that
close I'll crawl woo get it
no she haven't some imma tear this thing
up whoa get it Cora
that's right kick it boom just stole my
phone
she just stole my phone and took off
Cora she's gonna have it I'm nothing so
we're back home guys we're gonna hang
out we're all exotic I'm exhausted I
think I'm still recovering a little bit
from whatever I had so we're gonna take
it easy put a movie on maybe hang out
yeah thanks for hanging out with our
outdoor adventure a little just family
craziness today we love you guys so much
I cannot believe I don't get to see you
in your like nothing not even a single
photo oh I saw the picture of you
holding the wedding-dress bag that's it
that's all I've done nothing
so yeah wedding dress things a total
mystery we're not gonna see it to the
wedding so that's that I love you guys
so much thanks for hanging out and I
just fun of luck free today I guess it's
you later beautiful one-of-a-kind smile
more
you
