good morning to the best family on
YouTube I think that could be a new like
that's original you guys know I guess
could be our new thing guys welcome to
the vlog welcome back home we're home
baby we're in Ohio we are back and I
have like two weeks off to just be home
it's family time it's blog time it's kid
point games time it's it's it's whatever
we want to do man it's just us so oh
yeah I got you I'm sorry I left you
hanging what you say first of all guys
thanks for coming back home thanks for
going on tour with me and and thank you
for the overwhelming support on letting
me take two days off I asked you guys on
Twitter actually at mass I told you guys
I was taking two days off and the
support was overwhelming
it was unbelievable you guys are
absolutely the best thank you so let's
get today started let's have some fun
we've had a tennis ball explosion in the
house are you sleepy flash are you
sleepy what to say say it we all know
you can talk just do it so you know when
you like leave for vacation it feels so
nice feel like somewhere new and it's
nice to take a break but then coming
home feels so much better kind of feel
like that with the blogs like it was
icing in two days off but now I'm like
excited I'm I'm gonna take them can I
take her with me feels good to be back I
think it's what I mean to say see you
guys it's back home baby it's back home
it's family time so where should we
start I have a bunch of things that I
want to do today one is just look at
this just just open that up just do it
oh hey oh it kind of looks like a
monster it looks good come on sir tell
me tell me what this is because right
now it looks like the brain of a cow or
something it's gross pork roast so it'll
be pulled pork barbecued pulled pork I
mean make my own barbecue sauce hope you
guys have had an incredible week day
morning night whatever time it is if it
hasn't been great let's start fresh
right now I always say it the vlogs but
seriously set it aside for the next 10
15 minutes let's have some fun together
and boat look look dude I think he's
getting it slowly he's either gonna he's
either gonna eat the Machine or he's
gonna figure it out oh yeah it's dead
he's come outside with me anybody do I
got anybody not me you all right hit me
with the shorts Zeus come on buddy I got
you I know you'll come with me
flashes out it feels so good to be back
guys man I really miss you I really miss
vlogging but it was something that I
need it's so bad man I need to shut down
for a minute with my kids and my family
it just felt so right felt so good so
one of the things I have to do today and
this is a bummer man you guys know I
just bought this a few days ago it's a
brand new CR f-150 absolutely love the
bike but it won't run the bike will not
run we have tried everything we have
done everything we researched the bike
we understand the bike it will not run
so Honda asked me to bring it back in
they're gonna take a look at
what else to do it just will not run we
were able to do like three laps around
the yard and it just keeps dying how you
suppose you and I get that giant bike in
that truck so we gotta get it we go you
think you can do it alright put it in
the truck for me you can get on it okay
so how are we gonna get in the truck
we'll wait I got it if I can just get
enough speed I can hit the ramp land it
in the bed of the truck yeah I know you
guys are like do it do it do it over and
back the truck up to that ramp measure
how tall honest to the bed of the truck
oh that's a good idea actually
I bet the bed of the truck will go right
up to it bricks back you know she's sure
hit the basket whoa you got it
watch the basketball you got it straight
back from here straight yeah you know
you got it straight back
yeah head right straight back right for
the round keep going you got she's good
at this thing there's a tree in the car
go forward just an inch like an inch
nailed it
perfect running that's great no I don't
think I can but I can get it up the ramp
I can get it up Caleb I need your help
Oh me
I need your help what's up guys how's
everything going to smile more store I
need to steal your boy we gotta get this
dirt bike left in the truck
look at this garage honey it's a mess
that's what I'm doing I'm gonna clean it
all up
good call on the ramp baby yeah I'm good
job guys are you taking it back right
now are you taking the kids taking you
you need me yeah hey um do they have
pink dirtbikes cuz then maybe I might go
have luck and pink dirtbikes nope
you yet you guys would probably wanted
to see me right it hurt right but I will
never ever get on underbite no before
then I get try and get on canes and I
was ran into your car something mission
complete
let's get it I got the bike in the truck
dude I ramped it yeah I went full speed
and I hit it I wrapped off the roof of
the building into the truck you totally
missed it so we're taking this bike back
the kids ended up wanting to stay back
at the store with everybody and we
aren't you know Britney sad like truce
or she says your hair doesn't look that
bad no she said that but you're all it
looks bad
I think so you know let's say you know
when you have a girl that loves you and
no matter what you look like she says
looks good it's bad it's oh you got the
new room like the new model
I like the 2016 row because of you guys
just in case any of you missed it I got
my head shaved off on tour and I'm not
that not happy about it to be honest but
it will grow back he's not the end of
the world he's fine there's more things
to worry about like I'm not mad about it
I'm just not happy that I will tell you
this I woke up late for tour one night
my hotel room was ringing I'm like oh my
god I'm so late I still got to do my
hair I forgot that my head was shaved
everyone's gonna make fun of me so bad
right now because you're all like the
are is the model to get right but I
don't race I don't race dirt bikes and
then I see they see our F with the
kickstand
and everyone's like why do you need two
kicks then he was like why do you need a
kick Center has the triangle kicks and
no dude I'm halfway in my yard and my
kids doing something I need to help my
kid you can't you can't set it like what
do I do do you like just dump it I
bought the wrong bike dude this is the
CR f n has a push button start and it's
half the price that's half the price I
should have known no I just I just got
my butt kicked and he's gonna talk more
should I just jump the guy was like dude
this is the one I want it's a race bike
no CRF you should never assume I know
what I'm talking about
you guys know that
I wouldn't like beyond this on the side
like with my leg nope
so you guys remember last week or the
week before Brittany had to take her car
in for a whole bunch of me that
something was kind of falling apart week
it is done so I'm taking her there right
now to get that you can get your car
back so I'm gonna drop her off there we
are making some type of exchange for the
our race bike into the F which is gonna
be way more logical for me I can just
get on it push a button it'll start and
I'll have fun that is what I need see
you soon baby girl yeah here is the new
dirt bike I got the F it's got the
kickstand it's got the push button start
this is what I needed
boom boom sounds totally different than
that race bike but I don't care this is
more this is more for me right here
yes
this feels right this feels so much
better man
hi buddy what's up dude
fish
what up dudes you ready to chase me now
you guys are ready you ready one button
easy you ready ready
I would crash so hard and you need a
helmet on
I bought a helmet at the store okay yeah
bring it all the way up bring it all the
way up hard oh dude it's not gonna be
long his feet are like that far from be
able to ride this without training
wheels he can already ride it but his
feet can't touch the ground you started
it you did it by yourself and I missed
it I might have got it I can't just
start his dirtbike by himself
I'm so happy I went with the F guys this
is totally me not nearly as much power
as the are but I don't think I really
need that much Paris really just to play
with the kids cruise around the yard I
don't know I just feel like this is my
bike I just got a helmet today too you
want to see it boy do you like it try it
on try it on it should be too big for
you yeah mr. bobble head so run over my
brothers tonight we're swimming a little
eatin eating this pork sounds oh my gosh
I have some like no King kick-started
his dirtbike by himself really yeah he's
getting so big on his mama hey wait for
me wait for me wait just one bite I have
to can I beat that there it is you did
it he can start it now
let's go I'll see in a second
ha ha ha now this this is pretty awesome
man
really it looks nice it's like all clean
so we're gonna bounce over to rubber
let's have some fun hanging out there oh
you know what we need
she take that boogie board where's that
at first pool we can go across run from
the ground all right when warping over
to my bros house up dude pool looks nice
knowing the kids are down there he gets
his concrete done this week right you
know I've decided against the concrete
I'm just going dirt just dirt helps the
filters man it cleans the filters up
kids are about to go swimming we're
about to eat a bunch of food oh we got
here some baked potatoes Jess these pork
I got to go out and show you something
Dale did should I take them out strong
here we go before I take you down and
show you this thing Dale bill look at
how nice this pool is man that looks so
fun you know why because it is we even
brought the boogie board which I thought
would be perfect is this pools level
with the ground so you can make a
running start and see how far who can
make it the furthest on the board we
gotta make a pass over you don't get
dirt in the pool though there you are
crazy
can you get up there look look okay look
at this rig my brother made that is a
real parachute like an army parachute of
some sort he tied it up all the way
around the yard look how many ropes is
holding this thing and you can get on it
and you can lay on it and jump on it and
play on it and then there's a rope going
all the way up to Center to that tree
okay here we go I can just jump up here
we go oh the ground Oliver
oh I'm really not entirely sure of the
purpose of it go go go
that was pretty cool though all good
Dale's crazy whoa I'll give him the
unique award that's for sure I've never
seen this done look how many ropes dude
he made an entire video about it on his
channel check it out I think it's so
cool I don't know what you do with it or
why you have it but that's kind of what
we do around here so what's the main
explanation behind this I mean like if
you had like yeah dude put a parachute
me backyard what's the what's the cover
in storms
fun for kids hammock for like 24 people
I just jumped thought it was straight to
my back dude like all the way all the
way
I haven't tightened it in a long time
how long did this take from start to
finish seriously so like I was like it
probably took me like an hour and a half
I'll go down there just start tying
stuff up and it was like two two full
days oh my god he also said it's a
thousand feet of rope a thousand two
feet of rope Wow you crazy I thought
it'd be so much easier
dude uncle Dale's got some cool stuff in
his yard huh
go fast you went up there I feel like I
remember when you could even do it no no
this is gonna be so awesome when it's
done man all this nice concrete ah
everybody's making me want to have a
pool guys this is a terrible terrible
mind hey who wants to do the boogie
board challenge I'm getting in we got to
build a runway a runway
but he saved my dirts not good enough I
don't want to get dirt in the pool
thanks Roman I'm just thinking at you
bro you want me three purse scissors no
no no hope you guys are using your
summer wisely it's starting it dark
early which means summer is coming to an
end that's right I'm doing this here we
go
Conrad's on Oh didn't even make the jump
forward a little forward put a little
weight forward there you go
nice you were surfing dude you were
surfing the pool water is warmer than
the air right now just so good go for it
little buddy you trying to dance on
there for the record all the way across
rocket speed
come on let's go up it's freaking
freezing mr. bigglesworth hi
I like your purple are you talking about
mom work where she works
smart boy short
going on a trip in our favorite rocket
ship oh that was awesome that was
awesome man about time you guys got here
alright guys we are wrapping up our
night it is absolutely beautiful
you guys need to go potty guys we are
completely wrapping up our night we just
worked home and you have to try the new
Dhirubhai it was so much fun I just got
to give a huge thanks to Detroit I know
I didn't put you in the vlogs I'm gonna
do it right now here is Detroit
absolutely wild night there in Detroit
man you guys are lit that's the word the
young people are using right now that
show is lit wow I feel so old
yo that show is how I feed my eel that
was hot
thanks for hanging out with us that is
our day thanks for the support thanks
for the love thank you for letting us
take a couple days off without
hesitation you guys just filled it with
love man i tweeted and you guys just
just hit me with nothing but love so
thank you guys for that it means the
world we will see you back here tomorrow
and that's the same only one who's play
oh yeah she's getting faster you're
beautiful
you're one of a kind don't forget how
important you are guys you can do
anything you want to do don't let nobody
tell you you can't just because they
couldn't do it we love you guys
beautiful you're one of a kind
all right little man
