hey guys welcome to today's video guys
we are in simply the same way this
little fan thing originally found that
when we were shopping for court remember
before she was born it was like in the
baby stuff I found a little mobile fan
when we stayed at hotels I used to have
to buy box fan I got go to a pharmacy
find a fan but in summer that's Kansai
hey hey how are you hey where are we
tell my rap why say it like that well I
can't see you today's a little bit of a
journey it's a cool I don't know what it
is maybe it's a cool video if you like
this kind of thing we're in Austin Texas
guys we're about to go on a little
journey a little walk let's let's just
go it's beautiful here like 99 100
degrees on a serious side of that why
does it keep going so John this camera
um welcome to a new video it's been a
very long time actually very long time
ones last time we uploaded so bad it's
been so long
yeah I like that I don't like that Hot
Tamale
not really vlogging right now like I
feel so weird we got it we got to get
back to this like honestly it's so like
it's fun oh yeah okay so when I go on
these got these breaks every time I like
pick up the carry and I'm like it's fun
I have fun my energy level goes up my
attitude goes because you got it like
kind of pick it up for camera a little
bit you know don't use it in front of
the fire
Oh like Oh like it gone wrong like a gut
I don't know if it's good enough -
what's up buddy you ever seen my channel
did I don't upload on what are you mad
about that what's up yes see see you
don't even know I left them high man
fist bump thanks for the original
support 2018 now that the thumbnails
that the quick debate has to be it's got
to be up there and I've tried not to do
that over the last fired you're not
allowed to be with a fireman alright
just forget about that idea
firetruck things fine are we out here so
welcome to just the new video we want to
make a new video we're in Texas I know
we're not at home right now yesterday we
were caught two hours on the plane it on
the runway a storm hit like as soon as
we were about to take off we were stuck
in the plane for two hours on the runway
not being able to take off I thought we
were stuck there I really thought that
was it I'm not even vlogging imagine
that thumbnail so you just ran up for a
picture have you noticed that I don't
upload much ah not really I mean yeah
I've been watching too much YouTube
recently play yeah so I'm fine well I'm
just myself I'm fixing school and stuff
like that you're working
have you noticed because you said you're
subscribed have you noticed that I
upload much right now I could have like
the balance yeah the movies alright
alright ok cool what up man what's your
story it's hard to talk with that ok the
reason we're in Austin have you guys
ever like got together with your friends
and you like hooked up multiple
computers or Playstations or like a LAN
party have you ever you know like I've
done it yeah I've done it all the time
with Mike my friends growing up we would
like bring all our stuff over and we'd
all play together well this is like the
biggest party I've ever seen in my life
we came to Austin this is Dreamhack and
it is insane like it's so cool ok
walking in this is a tournament going on
right now believe this look at this
gaming gaming gaming yo look at this pub
she stays later today it'll be a
tournament for pub G it's a double
decker right so like teams are down here
teams are up here and they're all
competing and you can watch right here
on the big screen them all compete I
feel like a little kid maad I'm so
pumped
okay we're gonna have to do a little
more sneaking around here it's hard to
walk through but look at this I am out
of computers this to me is the ultimate
land party like it doesn't get any like
look at this it's hard to even show you
it's like as big as you can see everyone
jamming out on their favorite games
playing against each other tournaments
competition it is nuts and it goes all
the way around look at this the sea of
everyone has like their custom setups
and everything - it's kind of cool
okay so we've we're in we're Space
Station Gaming is right now come on
eating Club G right now they have to win
the net hat with Sean what's up so you
gotta get top 5 we're currently in fifth
so if we do good you stay top five if we
do not so good we don't stay top five
those are kind of options but if you
stay top five in Space Station gaming
gets to go to that giant stage that I
just showed you and compete all
that's the goal which by the way Space
Station is like tearing up the game
right now especially the pub she's like
dude they're like the underdogs she
matched no know what happened back in
focus he can oh your passenger you're
good so basically if they win top farm
the next how many games they've already
played three think they're top five
right now they're top rock will see them
on the main stage so excited six left
there are six people left if they win
they go to the main stage that's it
period
this is nerve-racking being xiety
watching live is so easy
explain how it gets how can say oh baby
look at that kill feed just focus on the
kill fee right now good job Oh how do we
explain for somebody that wants to play
games for a living which by the way is
so full of a see how do we explain what
you guys just went through to get here
how many hours a day do you practice
he's got a grind like it didn't you
finish at 2:30 last night and then you
had to come in this morning win top five
placement to get on that stage and you
just did it boom come on man
so far not watching okay so you guys
know that I don't I don't
we don't want to our base bar line I
don't dislike sports and orcs never
watch them but this hour this game means
that I am like I am glued like watching
I don't know I don't know if my
anxiety's cut out for it though like
watching these guys of course I'm
rooting for them so like I want to see
them win and it came down to this very
last game they had to get chicken dinner
to get on that stage nature's dating
like that is so cool
yeah and keep in mind like everybody's
competing in this room there's an optic
there's no other it's like the top
gamers in the world here you can see us
go playing over here oh oh
Super Smash Bros TV playing oh dude how
crazy is this publishing
it's like $100,000 winning right here
hundred grand over there's Starcraft
they are competing and it's just so
crazy so crazy look at this look at this
guy's blog camera coming in when I was a
kid you could only play games like that
was it
you just played games it was fun you
played against your family members your
friends
then I remember Sega come out with the
four players after you can now play
before vehicle and then bland and then
internet and oh my god playing games for
a living with something you can only
talk about now the world is playing game
for a living it is crazy the fact that
you can play games now and make money
doing it is like something we haven't
talked about liking her kids it was like
that was like it's like a funny dream
like can you imagine if we made money
playing games
I was not possible when I was a kid and
now look at this like look at this place
crazy
okay so that was prob that will probably
go that is probably the worst day one
vlog I've ever I'm rusty that's what it
is it's rust I'm like forgotten how to
vlog maybe I don't know do you say we
literally sat and watched the teams play
all day in all night there was like
nothing to vlog I could just film the
screens they're like but we sat for
hours and hours and hours and hours so
they're really bad its a mix between
rust and just not really having much to
vlog so that's where we're at right now
so it's actually day two and we're kind
of going to do the same thing like it's
like finals today so I don't I don't
know it's like deja vu of yesterday
literally like the same song same heat
same outfit if you didn't if you didn't
change I could have probably just
pretended today was yesterday I've been
one just continuous vlog one day so
we're gonna yeah pretty much just we're
ready get my shoes on here we're gonna
take another walk go down see this I'm
so sorry I'm so sorry we're going to
move them toes you know you're in a
dangerous we got to eat that's part of
life all right that's gonna be great
great entertainment right there for
these guys you you approve it hey we
have another chance to get the firetruck
thumbnail with you fireman different day
I've changed my mind maybe it's not such
a bad idea
oh yeah I can almost hold up all the
equipment for one photo Texas is like
every time I come here I talk about the
heat it is like it's hot like you feel
it on your skin I think you're on fire
right now what up boys oh okay guys we
are about to jump right back into the
video Emma try a lot harder today to
film better for you guys here maybe
maybe show more of what happens here
entertaining yeah good job
we need a film at lunch Sarge so we just
show you this side of the plate it's
like I don't know this is LARPing right
so here you go pretend fight sword fight
you want storage but Sasquatch gang
didn't they do that in Sasquatch game
yeah it's all these big big balls you
get in and fight I think this is all
just dumped on a computer and play
whatever game you want it's all set up
it's ready you can just jump on
literally play fortnight pub G whatever
you want right here yeah I kind of need
to get I need to get some hours and I'll
see you soon
arcade section play some old arcade
games oh I need one hand for logging so
you need to be the queen you're the
queen we got to keep you alive so what
do i do I just flapping yeah ah all
right here we go
and this guy yeah I keep you alive boy
yep long and play this is impossible
play with my thumb I just hide in the
corner I don't think we have people
playing against us right now yeah why
don't you jump over there yeah no this
is just like game heaven man I feel like
games jeez Louise
I wasn't paying attention that's unfair
okay we got versus versus over if they
got some challenge take it easy a first
timer first timer
yeah take it easy do they're
double-teaming they're told by that dog
home in the queen one going for this one
Oh looking bad it's not good one swing
love protect the clean Alex are you
writing a snail Brittany that's Roman
that's other Queen Oh Queens coming for
you good games guys this is amazing
didn't end of 64 I grew up on Goldeneye
with these guys so I showed you guys the
pub GRT is pointed to two day event
yesterday was the first six games today
the last six games really I just really
wanted a pretzel just one oh my gosh
yeah double dip and let's do it
everyone's carrying around like you're
carrying two types of cheese that's yeah
after all right the glasses are all
walking out of the venue come on
slowpoke we are the do we spent how many
hours hours watching the pub G
tournament the phase boys took first
place $50,000 total in it is amazing no
I don't know so fun I enjoyed every
second of it I can honestly it's like I
felt like I just sitting down watching a
football game except I'm watching video
games it was so fun yeah we were into it
man your team it's like I see why people
get so disappointed and stuff in their
teams yeah hard lady but anyway guys
yeah we rock in the glasses - I feel
weird but I'm starting it used to it
like I just want to like I'd rather look
weird and be able to see then look me
and not be able to see like I like being
Oh see I I will say like you guys are
the greatest cuz I've asked everybody
like everybody that comes up to us asked
me like what do you think of the glasses
like you know and everybody whether
they're loving to me or not all very
nice
the glasses look fine so I'm just it is
what it is are they are they actually
look fun maybe yeah yeah I don't know
maybe they do but I'm just rocking it
for now and mainly when it starts
getting darker like LEDs or lights and
stuff like without them Shh but that's
like my vision right there and that's
like with them so this has been like the
weird is probably the weirdest vlog I've
ever it's like the weirdest vlog I've
ever made because it's like so jumpy
it's so weird it's literally two days
already in like a small amount of time
and we're not gonna end it here we're
actually gonna go to the airport we're
gonna fly home we're gonna see the
family and the kids and go home all in
this vlog so I think let's just jump to
the airport let's go we're not doing
anything else we're gonna have dinner
we're gonna go eat which is so boring
and we're just gonna have together
little hotel room alone with no room
alone tonight and then back to the back
so yeah let's let's keep jumping let's
do a little kangaroos over here let's go
to the airport
oh yeah I just checked out of 612 and I
left something in the room is there any
way like you can make sure no one goes
in there yes and I don't want anyone in
okay thank you we'll be back in like ten
minutes
so we just get to the airport but you
realize that her ring is not on her
finger
the worst thing had to come off on my
slap I just Madison holy crap
such a stressful okay these are anything
else yeah that's it thank you holy cow
so if ever any time we've ever lost
anything like we never lost anything
like this but I review like vlog clips
I'm like okay you had it in this clip so
it couldn't be here so no matter what
like that has to be in this room it
literally has to do drive 30 minutes
back from the airport my heart sank a
little hasn't been cleaned or touched or
nobody's been in it looks good all that
works search this place up and down
that's not good
since stripped us all down it's a big
ring it shouldn't be hard to find do we
have like literally tore this place
apart and is not take the heavens is in
our freaking suitcase I get to give it
to you again we're gonna miss our flight
we gotta go like right now
that was the worst thing oh my god
really I'm about shred that suitcase
apart I just see it in the bottom let's
go oh good
dude good job take that thing off put it
back in the box until we get it sighs oh
we're safe to keep it right now since we
got home like duck fingers that smaller
it's so loose oh my god
I'm sweating where's this when you went
down to get this I'm just in there
crying it's gone our man AJ dude this
guy I told him he could leave and he was
like nah I'm waiting for you guys and so
thank you so much we're racing to the
airport now put that hip-hop music back
on let's go
fish can breathe here
we're going home to see the kids we just
got to make this flight now it's super
close but I feel calm and after that I
feel like we're going either way
we have a right to the lumbus you guys
want to hear even crazier story okay so
we find her ring that's a good day we're
home got the ring but when we emptied
everything out back into our hotel room
her purse the luggage everything to find
this ring we left an envelope in the
hotel room that envelope had $2,000 cash
in it Britney got ahold of her hotel and
props to them they're shipping it to us
they're literally sending us an envelope
full of cash so thank you Weston for
that one oh well like they said they're
mailing it so I still some honest people
out there we're headed away it's sunny
gonna be with the kids and do a little
home blogging and this has been a very
weird weird vlog all together just
all-around weird so I hope you're
enjoying it hanging out with us whatever
we're doing and yeah flash Cora hi baby
Kane's here - ah oh she like I know you
anymore you guys just left me pick Noah
up on our way look at this this looks
cool dude it looks good right now it's
like it's like you did like these light
highlights I think it looks cool thanks
for keeping her away I know she was
fight and sleep Corey hey I heard you've
been walking the whole time we're gone
she walk a lot where's my hug where's my
hug man thanks so much we missed you too
flash she's like where's my hug where's
my dog you miss me I missed you buddy
dude you guys were that's so much fun I
had no idea you're totally going next
time totally yeah
see if the rumors are true so before we
left she was like legit walking and
standing there come here
you see daddy nothing he's gonna eat
some sunglasses instead come here look
at you trying to impress us she just
like what little girls walk in you know
believe it 10 months same as Cain Cain
was walking at 10 months no no no no GM
yeah she won the glasses let me see give
it oh she's walking like I mean she's
like right there she's right there she's
apparently she's only been walking but
she's super tired now we'll get tons of
that on camera later proud of her oh
look at her just pop up by herself look
at you girl I love it you're so good
however she stands up pops up by herself
see y'all feisty now she's getting
bigger she gonna pass you up look at you
a little noodle hoorah
it's Queen Cora says I'm sorry Kane I
didn't mean to whack you in the head
look at this it's so crazy now what's up
what's up what's up guys have a good
weekend yeah you have a go week again
get my hairdo with no hat this goofball
guys thanks for joining if you're
actually still watching this point
thanks so much like I don't even know
what this vid I've lost track like this
is three days of filming like some weird
vlog I even know what it is gonna try to
do a bunch of blogs for you guys I'm
coming up and that's all I have it's
really all I have we made it home with
the fam and uh yeah new vlogs come in
this week we love you guys so much
follow me on Twitter that's where I'm
gonna do that's where I update you guys
although that's the only place I really
update everybody so follow me on Twitter
if you don't already and we love you we
love you mr. highlight - your hair looks
cool dude it looks like you've been out
this like you've been surfing for yeah
Monday it's mine I love you guys so much
we'll see you soon you're beautiful
you're one of a kind smile more
you
