hey guys welcome to the vlog now before
this vlog get started I'm gonna tell you
a quick story I never expected to start
the vlog this way let me just get into
it che basically gets me up this morning
with this this big idea like the
craziest idea I've ever heard of I think
but after hearing the story which I'm
gonna let him explain because he'll do
it better than I I stand by him a
hundred percent on this so I want him to
take over this vlog for a minute and and
just hear him out on this you know one
of the craziest ideas that I think
you'll see on youtube so give it away
you're lucky actually didn't come wake
you up at three in the morning last
night because I had this idea last night
and I tweeted just had an idea remind me
of this tweet but I think we should take
the rest of the vlog in here as I tell
the story you want to get inside here
this thing is ridiculous Shay are you
kidding me hold on tight this next piece
okay everybody
last night I was going to bed and I was
reading Twitter I was reading the events
of Dallas Texas and just so many did you
see the poor girl who was live streaming
on Facebook and her boyfriend was shot
five times that brave brave lady she
kept it together and there's just
something going on right now we got to
stop what are we gonna do why are we
shooting each other and ever since like
the shooting in Orlando at the pulse
nightclub all of these things that are
happening I felt this like
responsibility to say something or to do
something like we all have Roman and I
were talking like what can we do what
can we say and so I want to tell you a
story of something that happened to me
in San Francisco about a month ago when
I was going to record the Tim Ferriss
podcast to keep this pretty short Tim
Ferriss it has one of the biggest
podcasts on the internet he's
interviewed Kevin Costner Jamie Foxx
Arnold Schwarzenegger Tony Robbins you
name it the who's who of success in the
world
has been on Tim Ferriss podcast luckily
by some stroke of pure who knows what he
was kind enough to ask me to come and be
on the podcast so a month ago I was in
San Francisco standing on a curb waiting
for an uber to show up as I was waiting
for this uber to show up I'm kind of
like introspectively thinking man
everything in this life happens for a
reason like how cool is it that I'm
going to be on this Tim Ferriss podcast
this girl pulls up is my uber driver I
get in and just start chatting this girl
up because that's just how I am I'm a
talkie guy turns out she is trying to
raise money to build a hospital in
Ethiopia it's a crazy story
she started about four years ago with a
friend of hers that friend in her
started building this hospital in
Ethiopia and I ended up getting a car
wreck and he died and she was sitting in
the passenger seat so now flash forward
to 2016 this hospital is half built her
friend who started Billy in the hospital
with her has passed away and she feels
the responsibility of finishing this
hospital last night as I was watching
the third puce video as I was reading
the news about all these police officers
shot I'm like what can I do what can I
say and so I thought what if I helped
that uber driver that I met a month ago
build that hospital by auctioning off my
brand-new Tesla Model X and then we
built that hospital just because we got
to do something like I don't know what
the solution is either we're shooting
each other people are dying and
everything what do we do what do we do I
don't know either
but here's what I'm gonna do I'm gonna
auction off in this car to one of you
and then all of the money that is raised
from that auction is gonna go to build
this hospital in Ethiopia this has to
happen so what I am proposing to you
internet to the millions of people who
are coming to the roman atwood channel
right now let's use this influx for good
let's let's do some yeah yeah this is
the part that gets tricky and this is
the part that we want to make sure is
done perfectly
we need to know how do you do this the
right way how oxygen off such a vehicle
how do you how do you do this with proof
and with documents and with all the
things needed to make sure that this is
100% authentic and that is the holdup
right you know what people are gonna say
we know people are gonna think this is a
scam but we are just you know us we've
been making YouTube videos for eight
years we want to know so we're asking
you guys to help us what's the best way
to raffle off a car like this how do we
get it to the person is there a service
that will help us do that what do we do
yeah yeah and maybe maybe you or your
parents own a company that does this
type of service reach out to us please
help us figure this out because this is
something huge above our heads and we
don't want to get stuck in a position
that we accidentally got into we want to
make sure this is awesome we want to
make sure this is when it's done
everybody is so happy and it's cool and
it's great and we did something huge
Shay giveaways Tesla better hurry
because I might change my mind
I waited seven months hang on let's just
show them first of all I don't know how
to get out it does it for you okay you
can't even get one of these hardly look
at the door dude over here right yeah I
think it will look at that this part
could be yours
this car could be yours for the low low
price of five dollars per Apple ticket
what do we what do we set the raffle
tickets at we exam we don't know how
this works but I'm telling you this in
the next ten days let's make a time
commitment in the next 10 days we're
gonna figure out exactly how to raffle
off this car and get the money to that
Hospital in Ethiopia just to do
something to help this human species
that's really suffering right now this
is serious help us out and Shay is going
above and beyond I think I don't even
know how to express how I feel about it
it's pretty crazy I mean this car is
unbelievable
so we got to figure it out we are gonna
figure it out Shay is gonna do this
piece lot more important than things so
like I said I did not expect to start
this vlog like this ever she came to me
this morning with this idea he wanted to
launch it on this channel let's do it
man I'm all about it dude
I I hope he build that hospital I really
do I'm gonna make it happen I mean I
just I felt for so long that you know I
want to do something and we can all do
something and I think this is what we
should do because things happen for a
reason so I got in that lady's uber that
day and I'm gonna fulfill when I told
her that I was help why I would help her
build that Hospital so please help us
it's it's a big thing look at this car
dude it's from the future it makes zero
noise it's silent silent how many miles
there are 56 miles on the 56 mile you've
really enjoyed this thing really broken
Wow what's she doing buddy
oh boy with my own heart they're doing
the sledding man you guys build forts
down here also Noah's obviously dead
how'd you die dude so now it's you you
know but their forts so big yes there's
nerf battles it's sledding down the
steps it sounds like a great time you're
the most comfortable dead person I've
ever seen
snack she's got blankets
I'm fun so we're good this now and I
still can't believe I did this in the
livestream I jumped I jumped from up
here I ran and jumped down to that
loveSac it just looks so high man wait
what are you doing oh my gosh dude you
guys are getting too brave you are crazy
okay hey you guys ready to take a little
trip ready for a road trip this is bad
you pop as you pop the movie screen to
him dude a bike store really this is
where we're stopping I spend all day in
here you never carry on as a bike right
no more no more bikes
I'm gonna go browse so we are going on a
little road trip whoa for God we're
going on a road trip we're headed up
we're all getting a hotel together
tonight which should be interesting
yo yo find like ten rooms one for each
of you it's a it's gonna it's electric
it's an electric bike now I could do
your 50 mile ride with that how many
miles can you go on this it goes up
steep hills you just give it a little
juice like this and the motor kicks in
is you just paddle that dude oh you just
pedal it it'll go
can you feel it this is technology boys
excuse us hi sorry Wow there he goes
take your lips
I can't explain on camera how it works
you just the more you pedal the faster
it goes like a normal bike would but it
doesn't pour you yeah like boost like
power boost
you see these crazy mountains dude so
cool out here man I absolutely I did
fall in love with this place a little
bit
it's like breathtaking out here
we first of all really hope you've
enjoyed the time we've spent with the
Shaytards we are all we actually have
three vehicles with the Shaytards we're
heading I don't even know exactly where
we're going but we're all getting a
hotel together and this will be our last
night with them we're actually flying
home tomorrow morning which a little
bummed about but I'm also excited to go
home for a couple days so yeah I hope
you have enjoyed our time out here with
the beautiful shades man what a great
time we've had such a great family to
end time with yeah we've had such we've
had such a blast and I think us together
has been like the ultimate like it just
feels right Matt's like two families
coming together it feels like one big
family I feel like we've known forever
ZM we're just taking a little road trip
now getting a hotel I think they have a
pulse we're gonna play in that yeah just
get a look at it
very beautiful
you getting sleepy no never
alright we've made it we've landed where
we at we are in Logan Utah Cache Valley
Mall is trick since this place even
opened no we're good after hours well
you know we couldn't believe you guys to
a mall you guys we get mobbed so we have
to go after our you guys are gonna get
the Willy Wonka experian ice you better
have that bubbly room I've always wanted
go inside a mall when it's closed
alright guys so you guys know that we
have our own smile more merch and that
we sell it you order it and we ship it
to you well imagine having a smile more
store a physical store in a mall where
you come that's what Shea has I would
look what do you guys think every cool
let's stop here and be cool their own
store dude this is so inspiring to me
yet yours do you get burning down if you
wanted get out of here super super
inspiring to see the ability to everyone
store where you get actually walk in and
buy so cool oh do it again go go you got
it good job kick again kick again oh
he's getting it this is what the malls
light when it's closed
all right I've signed the wall the great
wall of signatures you want sign it you
should you should totally sign it
where's Britta I see I see there we go
if we got Noah on there gotta go to the
pool it's time to go swimming got one
hour to play in there ready to it
make it count got us a little hotel here
Eddie have some fun
hey one hour's better than nothing
yeah let's do it get change quick this
is nice oh yeah
echoey yeah it's a little shocking going
from there there hey let's see that race
No
loading in you get like serious distance
we've run out and then spin it's awesome
go for it you're halfway on the pool
let's see
it's time to say good dog cry stop don't
hurt no don't cry
stop it will built will build a little
hot in there on their Hill okay we event
so much fun guys
high five you guys Rock
I think you made some friends Brit look
at Kane he's like your mind alright now
I'll see you next year this has been so
much fun hope you guys have enjoyed us
hanging out as one big family I know we
have had a blast thanks for having us
again dude for the third time alright
we're gonna do a big group photo and
then we're gonna end this vlog so I'm
still filming everybody let me see it
let me show them we just did a little
family picture together action came out
so good I should post this up I like the
funny one
no it's pretty good I think everybody's
smiling yeah where's the funny one I'm
going this this these two there it is
that's pretty good joke hmm all right we
got our beds made ready to go it is now
time for us to say goodbye it's been a
great day it's been a great week but all
great days and great weeks have to end
nobody's even paying attention to me at
all alright guys we love you thanks for
hanging out with us through the last few
days it's been amazing it's been so much
fun thanks for showing us not just us
but the Shaytards so much love you guys
blew their channel up and it's been
amazing to see us at one in two on the
on the on the church it's been insane so
thank you guys for being so loyal and
showing everybody that we we bring into
our vlogs you give them
so much love so thank you for that yes
we do we will see you tomorrow we are
headed home back to Ohio
Alex yeah we you know I'm excited to be
at home I am but they say to give them
the flash Boop it's just gonna be like a
whole you have to cross through it
tunnels there is obviously somebody
taking care of them yeah there's always
people in our house we love you guys
we'll see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile mwah
they have just built this morning.this
did you going over it
no it's definitely not ready no just um
it's not ready not ready I know
