are you ready cuz I'll I'll start the
vlog if you're ready oh yeah you know I
was filming guys welcome to the vlog we
are heading out this is today is our
last day in Ohio for a while the family
we're all taking off right here we're
gone yeah I am so we got to go out right
now get some errands get some things
done that need done before we leave
sounds easy sounds easy enough but it's
not gonna be easy it's gonna be the
challenge of a lifetime
are you put in the TV show narration
what Roman and Brittany don't know is
that they're about to get a flat tire
all right here's oh here we go here we
go
look grace look gloomy but it's
beautiful I got my girl everything's
great everything's great
do you think we should stop by Tiffany's
what is - I don't even know Tiffany well
I'm gonna just show up at a stranger's
body yeah she's a very nice stranger
Brittany and a makeup store means just
run away from me it's like a kid when
you get close to the toy store they just
start speeding up you can't even let
yeah that's Brittany and I make up stuff
how do you even know like all this just
to try to make your face look better
than it already is
you guys know my feeling on the whole
makeup thing I mean really look look I
get it just just a big fan of your face
honey I'm just I'm big for any of these
if you ever want to become a rapper I
got your name right here
I found your pillow she's in heaven
he's got pizza sit inside smell it yeah
I don't know Tiffany yeah stay away from
that girl really will Roman and Brittany
and make it to the gas station in time
even looking are you hanging out
nobody freaks out like I freaked out
when you parked seriously gonna hit the
car I'm not shopping it out good job
good job seriously by so many suitcases
like so many suitcases that is kind of
cool but it's huge one of our suitcase
it was it just one or two broke on our
Bahama trip right when we left the
wheels stop did you just dragon it just
just try to get in it and you know it's
big enough you can get in it and plus we
save airfare Kane will definitely fit in
this one no problem like he's good
Gameboy advanced he's good
I don't like this guy honestly it's like
a bag bag with wheels decisions have
been made let's go I like this look at
the pattern you never get a suitcase
that you think looks cool they get
destroyed one flight and it's like beat
to death huh okay all right
long story short long story short
Brittany was like hey they have wrinkle
really we're getting a bunch of little
things to travel with she's like they
got wrinkled release her I was like that
crap don't work and I said I should get
someone try and he's like no he's like
what should we give it to mama and I was
like what he thought it was for your
face
you have to put a TV in there I don't
even know how you just pulled that on we
were in target and now she's walking out
with pizza it's the pillow the pan it's
triggered it boom I need pizza and here
she is with pizza Kyle feels like this
could be one of the weirdest situations
that I've ever come across come here
don't be nervous
you see the cute little puppy and a
Louis Vuitton bag in the back of this
truck look at this cute puppy oh that is
so strange I feel like they're trying to
set somebody up No yeah look there's a
cop right there waiting if you've been
following the blog's I've been building
a travel cape but travel case and I need
like a little container this is kind of
cool oh you're just trying to get out of
here fast
well nobody nobody's went for the purse
yet
oh such an ugly day I'm just glad I
spent with you we were back on the move
going to pick up Noah right now and then
it's home to pack for our trip it is so
gross I can forget our skis no other
snow skis or water skis
peekaboo what's up dude are you then we
got some space back here for you we
gotta go pack though the boring part
made it Oh mr. tough guy that one's mine
Kane got the exact same one and you're
up next
that's the that's the one I wrapped in
the pond oh the attack dogs out there
little monkeys you mean say hi to me
just go straight for Noah oh yeah we
just got this today little Polaroid
printer and we got two we got two
hundred pictures you can come we should
take that with us on our trip be fun we
should make this our fridge our fridge
printer you mean a box in the corner
fridge like we need to update these
pictures we need more mom all up here
come out with me and Shawn with me let's
do it oh my god flourish will you be in
camera-shy today I'm even seeing you oh
he's such a puppy oh my gosh really han
tae-suhk oh the geese a good boy so
excited to show you where's the light
there we go super
sited and this is something we've been
working on actually on my day off that I
took this week we have been working we
did a whole photo shoot we're so excited
to show you may have already seen it the
blogs our very first ever new
limited-edition smile more shirts that's
right
they are the splatter the splatter smile
I don't know what we're calling them yet
and we have toddler women mints boys use
everything pink yellow white they're
sparkly yeah yeah you can kind of see it
the paint has sparkles in it and it's
really cool so guys this is actually a
big deal for us because we've never
really added a new smile more shirt
we've always had the classic tee the one
that I designed years ago and we've just
never ever steered away from that was
always about just that message in the in
that in that logo you know and we
literally had a million requests to come
out with some new smile more shirts we
came out this splatter our and I just
love it man I think it's so fun so yeah
guys we're trying it it's a limited run
so if you want one get one now that
one's your favorite yeah for sure
Kayne which one's your favorite white
pink yellow yellow you like you both
like yellow which is yeah this one's my
favorite just cuz I'm like this is a
simple black and white but the pink is
super-sweet she's whipping me while I'm
trying to yes so lucky so guys I'm super
excited about this thing will not stick
around so if you want one just get one
they're on the website right now top of
the description hit the link they'll be
on the front page and checking about we
have them in everybody sighs I'm almost
positive that they're available in every
size all the way from all the way down
to little youth all the way to kid punk
slash youth women's men's and men's goes
up to five okay there you have it
if you won't get it I'm really excited
to see you guys in these because it's
our first ever like smile more logo
change this is our so we're gonna test
it this
tell me what you guys think tell me how
you feel about it Oh flash likes it and
the dog tip we got small more dog tease
so it's on the day I missed this week we
were working we were hustling out here
getting everything ready everything
should be up right now on the website so
please go check it out this is super
cool and I'm so excited to see what you
guys think about this this could be a
new beginning for new logos because you
guys really do request that a lot and
I've always been like let's just keep
the the brand super simple like so
simple so this is a test man hope you
guys like it I know I do orders are
going out yeah we're crossing it man
five six six full time now you're
changing the story six employees for
full time and not counting you that's
not and you're out your all the time and
flash just thank you guys in advance for
any support that you are you bring to
this family it's absolutely insane look
at this how how we gonna chain did and
here is the absolute beautiful smile
more tank addition man look at this guy
he's so social I mean he really is
social he loves coming up to the glass
and checking us out what
oh so you like the lanyards you like oh
cos why because it's convenient and it
holds things maybe like a fanny pack
I've been joking around with the fanny
packs but you guys honestly in the
comments are like we need small more
fanny bags I swear just goofing on me
we're having a lot of fun with smile
more and it's just such a movement it's
way more than merch it's way more than a
brand it's a lifestyle and it's a
movement and you guys have absolutely
been living it and that's makes me so
happy
check it out on my hand feeding this
trigger dude oh he's gonna get my finger
so you can feel it it's feeding time
this is like see the shrimps baby
shrimps this is frozen baby shrimp right
here and the trigger just loves it look
how cool that fish is dude so space
alien alright guys we are preparing for
vlog battle look at this this is what I
got so far and I just bought this case
and just sunk it in there I've got all
my little accessories I'm trying to
figure out exactly what I'm gonna forget
because 100,000% I will forget something
even though I have this awesome box that
I could take everything I need I will
forget cyber zoos how you gonna fit in
the box
alright mastered ever trying to make
this work I'm supposed to be packing
clothes but I'm packing equipment this
is gonna be the greatest vlog week now
tell you is me so much fun winning
there's so many activities
yeah can you pack in you look pretty
busy man I'm not gonna bother ya we
think here I am complaining about your
size suitcases and here you are this is
important this is way more important
than clothes
well how's forgive us we have pretty
much just packed the whole evening it is
now time for bed
are you excited or what very very very
very canary we're gonna have a blast no
doubt we are gonna have some fun this
week should be maybe now it's really
terrible may see me boring and we're
just gonna sit all week no vlog all
right I'll see you bright and early when
that Sun comes up we're out
all right guys swim straight up we're
gonna spend the rest of the night
packing and you need sleep battery I
have to edit and get ready to go we're
getting up super early and we were out
of here and I'm just ready to have some
serious fun and take you guys along with
us and sorry it is a surprise mystery
where we're going I think that makes it
more fun than other than just you know
saying we're gonna Africa like that
won't be as exciting couple of quick
things real quick Wednesday this
Wednesday we will be on live dock me
don't forget to follow us on live dummy
we're doing in fact you guys we've been
doing giveaways on there and they live
got me actually said they will supply
anything for a giveaway so tell us today
in the comments what what can we give
away they will literally supply and she
yeah that's gone so maybe it maybe it's
a freaking fan I'm drama it's something
insane like you guys know I like
giveaway so there's like 20 things I
want to talk about one is Britain's
yawning lastly guys um if you want one
of the new brand new limited-edition
smile more shirts I don't know how many
we have you should know
many I mean we have a lot but not we
have a lot of sizes that's what they add
up and like you can't like it's crazy if
you want one just get it I'm telling you
just get it now don't wait because I
don't know you know maybe once they do
really good and then maybe we'll get
them back no we'll see so that's really
it guys smile more stuff we'll be in the
toppling the description we will be live
Wednesday on live dot me and we will be
live with our special guests that we're
going now we're going to live with
that's a big surprise we love you guys
we will see you tomorrow you're
beautiful you're one of a kind tell us
well shave away
check out the merch we love you smile
more are you ready to dump
are you ready came okay tell her right
