it is awesome outside look at this we
got all ice this morning it like filled
up everything look at Cora's little
plaything
look at this plush watch oh it's so
pretty it's so pretty outside and a
little depressing anyway welcome to the
vlog guys what is that oh that's
definitely Daddy shark dudududududu damn
shirt that's not baby
that's sweet though I like it
anniversary still I know we uploaded
yesterday we did a current day video
yesterday at kind of like we wanted our
actual anniversary on our anniversary
that's what we did but we're continuing
that day that's for our room it's for
our bathroom mind the time oh okay
little window looking out - what's that
are outside I love it yeah but yesterday
was more like a montage of our past and
you know today's an actual vlog vlogging
yes I'm sending these right now we've
got our giveaway winners for the Xbox is
going out today which is awesome huge
great wait all we did today okay cool
they're going out two days so unless the
ones international this Xbox is going to
Norway it's going all the way to Norway
was one of our winners go throw some
stuff in here alright wait youyou have
to bubble wrap that very serious that
it's covered in styrofoam no you have to
bubble wrap it oh yeah
all right mr. Xbox winner mr. do you for
sure is that it's a boy I mean it's
going to okay good chance that's a
boy all right
hey I'm doing it that way but I got to
do this way first I mean off all this
okay that's better
are you gonna come out help him hold on
hold it down do that that's legit I
imagine that's a Christmas my mean
that's a nice gift right there all right
these are my back to my shipping days I
work shipping apartment for years he's
cut down boxes whoever is getting this
the pillowcase is actually right you say
I'm right say it
yeah I'm right watch this ready this is
Porsche pin right here take your razor
knife hold it with the bottom go across
well cut through the box do not cut
through the box wait really don't cut
through it Brian
friends watching oh hey you go from the
line go straight up all four never told
you shipping 101 today ready cut through
the box Eddie and then creases fold
you've just created a whole new brand
new sitting boss wow I'm actually very
impressed no thanks I'm not gonna lie
is that nice I would have never done
that are you actually impressed I am I
would have cut that entire box up so now
every one of those balls that don't fit
I want you guys cut down those boxes
I am very impressed
beautiful I'm gonna give an extra label
huh your xbox is on the way buddy it's
today it's snowing first snow on camera
this year look at that it's like half
it's like half rain half snow focus baby
focus
maybe it's my eyes it is snow no nice
just blew her mind
look that style right there
well now it's double bubble you can take
a shot at it
shipping one on one get it know to learn
oh yeah you did it now good job good job
flash is like I just want to help it's
snowing flash it's no it's done all
three X boxes ready to rock and roll
baby
Merry Christmas thanks for participating
in our giveaway also sign bulbs are
going out uh today tomorrow by the way
you guys we released the Christmas bulbs
you guys sold out all the bulbs in five
hours two things
I'm super bummed we sold out cuz
obviously that stinks for a business
owner but it actually works out good for
us because we're backed up and I think
we're like we can't send them any faster
so it's kind of good that we sold out we
have time to mail everything and restart
usually it's like three days yeah we'd
like to three days behind right now yeah
you go play in the snow let it snow baby
make it Chris
are you serious
holy moly your hand on the bread see if
she can even hold all those oh they look
good with the snow oh no you want to go
check your picture out what picture Ron
we're trying to have a romantic time
right what I know look at this snow now
I want to get a shot of you in the snow
with the flowers here I got this stuff I
got this stuff pretty oh you look
beautiful
I got it I got it oh yeah flash it's
almost sled dog Tom I got it look at it
oh look at the balloons
she's like balloons
I'm not gonna lie I kind of got the
blends for Korra they were an addition
they look amazing you should just carry
around
you should just carry around flowers all
the time you look great
underestimated the stamina something on
the water it's a hundred is that really
a hundred and you get a selfie yeah ten
per year is how I did the math Oh ten
roses a year it's 100 roses ten more
years baby you get two hundred what are
you trying to do the water not cold but
oh god the pressure is on is it right is
it too hot it's too cold right now there
snows is a notary well they smell good
yeah and we've got like running outside
and said on my blade and Cora wins out
of this deal
look what you got what is all this like
what my dad can't do it so dark and
packaged stuff oh yeah you know the
flowers are pretty and you're pretty but
together Wow baby I want a lucky guy you
like that one
if you let go it's going to the ceiling
it's going all the world there she goes
bong oh there you go you can't let go of
it silly don't let go of it here here
you go oh now she wants to do it oh oh
oh
someone like oh that one's you why she
looked like she was about the jump court
you see the snow she's flipping on all
our wet boots that you're wearing there
we go say I want to go up that looks
awesome
I love that that's it cool that's a cool
spot for it I think she lower like
towards the
these are up alright this is cool I love
this honey is this uh is this a shark ah
so or seco so my sister said you should
get a shark and then I got on this is
like my favorite way on theirs and they
had that shirt that's sweet I love a
school for the kids bathroom that's
perfect oh don't don't don't
run run run the gate open she just flies
through here taxi okay so every day Kane
does good at school he gets a smiley
face and if he gets smiley faces all
week he gets a treasure chest and inside
the treasure chest is some type of gift
a surprise what you name good job good
job
this is accomplishment doing home school
to get a full week it's tough it's a lot
of responsibility like having to do
school and like it's hard for the kids
sometimes so yeah what's both it's right
here bud what could be in that chest you
got a good idea for next week duh no
magic it's not my fault if there's
nothing in there I need help
it's tricky it's a magic lock what you
got Cora what you got all right let's
see it huh
what is it Oh 25 roblox robox
$25 of robox not a that's for doing so
good at school all week you crushed it
so you earned it I tell you work you do
good that's pretty cool ready I'll get
it
got him you want to hold it oh yeah
get it off look yeah oh wait see you see
you hey let's shut the boss oh oh oh is
he still in there I got him I got lucky
you want to hear talks
nothing like they know it's a robot hit
nothing well this took a turn just come
downstairs you guys are already oh my
god it looks like his heads bashed open
what is the shampoo what is this so is
it gonna actually dyes hair you're doing
red wine blue I mean you could leave the
center his hair color oh boy
can I hope I don't come out bright pink
you're one crazy little man when did
this idea even come about me half blue
mega monster she's gonna wait like a
little bit wash it out okay I can't wait
to see it what about him I think he got
it in make it good by the way we finally
got our proposal painting my dad painted
a picture from our proposal in China and
we finally got a hung up and it's
freaking amazing yeah they even put the
even put the piece of wood with my vlog
camera on the on the beach I love that
alright guys so today is a pretty
special day for us 10 years obviously is
it's crazy huge number it's truly an
accomplishment yeah you don't you want
to look at it's so big it's so exciting
honestly like there's no where I'm ready
to try to explain it it's just a good
feeling and we're really happy we are
going to cut the video now get him off
the couch
get out here oh my sir
sir no I just figured it out right there
my record button hasn't been working
like I push it and it doesn't record or
I push it and it won't stop recording
the the zoom knob gets stuck the zoom
knob stuck over not that you guys need
to know this but if it's stuck over at
all it won't stop recording interesting
happy Anniversary babe happy Anniversary
ah we knocked up two videos pretty much
today pretty much yeah cuz we did
yesterday's vlog was shot today and
today's blogs obviously shut today you
want to tell them or should I tell them
about the weekend okay there's a good
chance we haven't fully decided that we
won't vlog for the weekend we have we
have a cool opportunity this weekend and
we may not film so we may return next
week early next week Monday Tuesday
something like that yeah yeah we haven't
decided we very well could we don't know
we don't know we may put up something we
may not but we just want to give you a
heads up that we may not film this
weekend we love you guys thanks for
supporting the house family our
anniversary our lives and we will see
you maybe tomorrow you say come on
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
you
