hey guys welcome to the vlog welcome
back to our little house here in Ohio
I've got two boys here's one here's two
I have a girlfriend named Brittany oh no
stage name I got two dogs Zeus and flash
and we are ready to start our day
you ready yeah so today we were headed
to my brother's house you know what my
brother got my brother got a pool like a
pool like a real pool and it's done and
it's in and I'm just dying to play in it
so we're gonna take the kids it's
scolding I was like 93 today and an Ohio
93 is hot man that's like that's like
that's super heat for us
dude you're already on a bigger bike you
are crazy
let me see I gotta see it to believe it
look at you dude you're blowing Daddy's
mind we got to take the training wheels
off the dirt bike now so last night
flash was nice enough to pee on my
Wizard of Oz rug this really good dog
man such a good dog
I love having that guy around what do
you like more swimming or your bikes you
have my swimming bike
really really God thank you that you're
actually scared he's best prank ever
dude right there
I was not expecting would you get that
big red boy from our big red challenge
we did oh this is so awesome
Wow dude this is incredible it's huge
it's so big you had to get the biggest
pool huh yet you had to have the bigger
pool all right okay this looks awesome
too I mean I imagine this is this is
gonna be concreted it dude this is this
is where we were ramping the RC trucks
now look at it
no of that that's actually what they
built the whole pool with your paw is so
freakin awesome
hey Dale why is there no slide going
from here to the pool dude you gotta
step it up for all at least it can we do
a zipline at least maybe well that'd be
cool yeah
yeah man let's do it totally like one of
those trees from James well I couldn't
bring you concrete but I can bring your
cardboard save me all summer this is
nice cardboard and duct tape I got you
covered man we can put a little paint on
that waterproof make it look like
flooring yeah oh yeah we could paint
block or
when we were down in the Bahamas on our
scuba trip when we were diving with the
sharks our dive instructor was doing
these crazy airings which Dale is really
good at blowing the air rings wonderful
hundred but he did a type we've never
seen before and it's basically where you
blow airings straight in front of you
you think you can do it I think I can do
it
banna banna and you're going like that
as fast as you can but I don't get with
your blowing air out of your mouth and
then you're just grabbing it just like
no it's just like you just pull it tight
like a tiny amount of air and when you
go like this it's sucking the air into
that vacuum and pulling it's crazy
really really hope you guys are having a
phenomenal day man I hope it's perfect
man if it's not I hope you always reset
a little bit with this vlog and these
vlogs that I do I hope that it's a good
reset for you I was trying to inspire
and lift you guys up just know that you
know everyone's struggling man you're
not the only one trust me today's really
just our Sunday Sunday Funday hanging
out with the kids the family mom and dad
are coming over we're just gonna goof
off man so I hope hope hope you guys are
having a great day from that make it a
great day it's up to you man not gonna
lie I actually have fallen in love with
this thing man I can smell that grill
all the way out there
yeah good what you en gonna spoil your
appetite little girl chips and cheese
I'm just jealous give me some yeah you
could probably eat more watermelon than
anyone I know I'm gonna make a
watermelon helmet he's gonna wear while
you rides his dirt bike no I'm not I'm
gonna put some eye holes he's safe are
you gonna eat it card the teeth out like
a jack-o'-lantern
I got a drone now guys I got to do drone
stuff I can't lie I've been driving this
thing off the vlog like not putting in
the vlogs I've been flying it
I absolutely fallen in love with it it's
said that one of the coolest toys I've
ever owned I'm not good with a drone it
just does it for you it's so simple so
uh yeah
you have been doing your nails for like
ten hours
warping back home oh my god he's so big
smells good that smells like flash curds
what's up little man
he pooped uh are you sure Kane didn't do
that that little chicken nuggets right
there
Oh how about you pick it up I'll give
you 100 pieces of candy oh you want to
pick it up
I'll give you a hundred and five pieces
of cake
my little boy sleepy man he actually go
out here he's changed his name to pooper
there you go
the light the Lightning over here is
insane have you seen it Zeus you need to
talk to this little guy about not
pooping in the house sir over the last
few weeks maybe even months you guys
have been sending me these ideas for
Zeus like he loves his tennis ball he
all he wants to do is chase his ball huh
that's all he does he wants to play with
his ball
so we found I don't it's not actually
the one you guys sent us we couldn't get
that one but we found this cool thing
I'm gonna open this thing up yeah he's
brought it in today huh
yet is all this is gonna be awesome
I think about if I do it inside then
while I'm editing Zeus can just be doing
this thing I'm gonna break a window or
lamp oh snap I think it's already
charged oh yeah
Zeus come here look your wildest dreams
have just come true put the ball here oh
snap we got an auto tennis ball shooter
for Zeus man and in flash but flush
doesn't even know yet
Zeus is the tennis ball boom told you it
was an inside toy Zeus
put it here you have to put your ball
here the day that I walked in my house
and Zeus is playing fetch all by himself
I'm gonna lose it man can you imagine
just walking and seeing your dog plan
what's your game Brittany got Zeus and
flashed something well I haven't even
seen these why they put packing peanuts
in a in a wooden object I don't even
have plates that look that nice yeah
that's perfect place it like keeps the
spine straight I guess
whatever you have it man the dogs got a
nice nicer table than we do you now have
a nicer kitchen table than we do guys we
need a little um wooden thing that says
Zeus and flash it is jammy time comfy
time cuddle time family time this is
like just load that thing up with balls
guys we love you so much we are gonna
take off and call it a night this little
bugger needs sleep guys thanks for
hanging out with us on our our Sunday
family day it was just great man really
really great hope you guys were getting
some family time hanging out with you
know any family that you can moms dads
brothers anybody you've got in your life
make sure that you hold tight to those
people they're everything they're all
you're gonna have in the end all you're
gonna have your family man so hold on to
them tight we love you you are beautiful
you're one of a kind smile more
