kein are you serious I was gonna do the
whole counter dude all right let me know
when you guys got that stuff cleaned up
guys welcome to the vlog good morning
good afternoon good night whatever time
it is I hope you're having a great day
we are it's just mayhem if you watch
yesterday's vlog you know I told you I
had one goal today and that was to hook
a bunch of meat up to this drone and
give Zusi a treat I'd say overall he's
pretty excited about it
you ready Zeus are you ready boy oh my
gosh how do we gonna do this yeah how
are we gonna hook a hot dog onto the
drone so that it just comes right off
we actually had some great suggestions
made by you guys a lot of guys sitting
string tell Lego piece so that the Lego
detaches really easily so the hotdog I'm
thinking more like nothing can attach
but the hotdog so he doesn't so he
doesn't eat anything else I'm eating
little fart you little monster we're
gonna have a bigger problem I don't
think we have hotdogs
we seriously don't have hotdogs dude hey
hey serious question can you get hot
dogs hot I need hot dogs for Zeus I know
he doesn't need hot dogs but he wants
hot dogs my dog gets what he wants
Brittany just had to go out and take
flash to his first I like check up
basically puppy has to go in for the
first time you check out make sure he's
healthy strong ready to rock and roll
with this big dog you know jump oh you
missed
can't came buddy what's going on today
do we need to talk to do we need to talk
this out while you
that's for your macaroni dude well if
you know why you why are you filling
that Legos with cheese now what are you
gonna put in your little macaroni oh
yeah Kane just so you know most of the
cheeses on the counter oh my gosh so
tilt Brittany gets back I'm just you
know I'm doing dad things here this is
this is the the dad stuff I guess come
lick the cheese off this counter Tony
Fadell will you didn't get the hot dogs
I didn't do anything kids did it no it
did this cheese messed up so how's the
mac and cheese hey you know what you
know what might work better Bologna
cuz I can just put it on something to
just tear off you know what I mean like
a round chunk of Bologna
they don't just tear off there's no risk
yeah let's do it yep Bologna he's really
can we flash hey how does little
appointment girl what'd they say
everything's good healthy dog we don't
take him back oh she had to see you at
the swamp ooh why don't they do that
hmm oh that looks like one comfy bed
right now
alright guys straight up I had to call
over the expert had to bring over my
brother to help me out on this project
you know this is above my pay grade
we got the Bologna we got the hot dogs
we got the Zeus they would've been doing
it so here's my thoughts before you jump
in on the conversation
lightly tape this to the drones so that
if Zeus snags throw up it just comes off
right then there's no drum problems
there's no problems and then we just
simply put the Rope through the tip of
the Bologna so if he grabs the Bologna
it just comes off I'm gonna say for a
first try that's a flaw let's play
another flawless now it is it like
record winds outside today we have a
headwind like this in a long time so I'm
worried you've flown these in the wind I
have flown them in the way actually
they've flown itself in the way they do
pretty good it does the job for you seen
better days when you think you want a
piece kostik look he just smells right
through the plastic huh alright it looks
like you got everything in a wrap we'll
see you later you're leaving you can't
go I'll be back okay
here's my theory I'm using the lightest
rope I can find and this is just gonna
very lightly hold the string onto the
drone basically if it gets any type of
pole it's gonna come out oh man this is
gonna be a sloppy one Zeus maybe this
isn't gonna hold it up might just rip it
you're gonna put the Rope through wow
it's really sensitive blow nice too
fragile
yeah just tears right up I'm gonna try
that dog yeah all right let's try the
hot dog I'm gonna basically just make a
hole up towards the top with my meat
thermometer this is perfect yeah
like that oh it's so windy
it's alright guys we get ready to set up
for the first ever drone verse dog hot
dog eating competition just got to get a
cable for this and I guess it's ready
most you guys know these things
basically find themselves so I don't
have to do anything and I'll actually
take off by itself I'm just gonna raise
it up a little bit turn my dog loose and
let him have it
hopefully I captured on film
hey the rope ler he'd attach the rope
that's good
all right now that he's tasted to me
he's got a taste for the meat we're
gonna lengthen the rope make that rope
longer try again hey I'm one more action
I'm embarrassed but the Rope worked it's
attached no problem the drone didn't
even move
nice alright I was terribly lame I'm
gonna lengthen the rope make it really
long and see if I can't get the hotdogs
eaten alright here we go
Zeus is ready are you ate the whole pack
of hot dogs
I honestly because the little drones we
always have he just demolishes him like
he eats him he just knows he's gonna get
the hotdogs no work that's what it is
he's full to things I think juices
become comfortable with the drone I
think it's gonna work this time other
thing is the wind is getting incredible
outside so I'm a little nervous about
that because I don't I'm not good with
this I'm not a pro I don't know what I'm
doing
see look at the camera it's insane no
matter how you move it stay straight
yeah
hotdogs I'm drying some dude he wants
the drone he doesn't want the hot door
he wants to murder the drone my
brother's back just in time to explain
my failure it was a fail I did that I
think dude you guys know Zeus is
obsessed with our seas I thought he was
just gonna attack but he didn't maybe
was the main teachers like bad me
Bologna no no I used hot dogs the
Bologna just ripped they're all hundreds
of people
was it a superhero dog we're gonna fire
up this grill make some good food hang
out visit kids were running around
playing games you got to just walk away
Dale you got to just walk away it'll
suck your life away
got the girls making some mean food I'm
about to grill out and Brittany got me
all these new spices but I don't know
which one to use these are like beef
chicken burger I got steaks and chicken
I think this is for citrus pepper shut
down Oh probably fish to Atwood house
crawling with hungry humans hungry boys
I thought you were a manly man here you
see one of the hungry young Atwoods
licking his fork eating his fork here
you see Dale chewing with his mouth wide
open
that was an apple it's a potato all
right guys so today you may have noticed
this weird green mark on my hand this is
the left over tattoo that I gave myself
this morning these are really cool for
the kids is that where you want him yeah
here I'll just put it on let's just do
it hold it there we go oh oh he's too
big for your hand dude oh this one's
gonna be good
yeah hold your hand right there oh oh
look at that that is so awesome dude
it's a disaster
it's just a disaster yeah you want to
eat you want to eat him we're taking
this to the next level won't we here we
go dude Mike Tyson ain't got none on you
boy see that's pretty cool open your
mouth
we think he's coming he's coming we all
whipped out
y'all whipped out for the day my man the
bigger you are the harder you fall huh
boy okay guys we're gonna end this vlog
a little earlier than usual we're gonna
call it a day we're gonna get some time
together and I think the most craziest
thing I need to talk to you guys about
is we hit seven million subscribers on
this channel and I just need to thank
you thank you and thank you for that I
had a pretty rough morning dealing with
a bunch of crap that I never talked
about or never vlog about and you guys
flooded my Twitter at the same time with
seven million subs so it really brought
me back to life and got me going for
today's vlog so thank you so much you
have no idea how awesome you guys are
and you're always picking us up we love
you we are gonna call it a day you're
beautiful you're one of a kind smile
more
