hey guys welcome to the vlog I am I
don't know how to say this first of all
I hope you're having an awesome day if
it hasn't been perfect let's try to
start fresh right now with this vlog I'm
serious let's try to give each other
something to smile about let's try to
lift each other up
let's use our comments section to lift
each other up man we're all struggling
with a million different things we all
have problems but I promise you it can
always be worse let's use each other to
lift each other up man we're all one
team we're all in this together we're
all here together let's do it let's
listen I cannot stress enough I don't
know why I'm starting the vlog this way
I just I want you guys to feel great
when you watch these vlogs I want you to
leave feeling better I want you to leave
happy I want you to leave maybe wanting
to do something more I want you to be
ready for your day when you've watched
this I want you to go to bed happy I
want all right that's really what I want
let's get to the vlog over the last
couple days Britney has been dying to
get a pup I can't even explain to you
guys off camera all she talks about is
this puppy all she talks about is this
puppy literally she's obsessed with this
puppy and I've seen your comments I've
seen your team Britney everything you're
all against me so here's what I'm gonna
do here's what I'm gonna do come on
hallo dirtbag dude what's come here come
here
let's tell him Zeus and I've been
talking and we've been we've been
thinking why don't we go please I go
play why don't we go and get that puppy
what do you mean tease him you're right
you all stop talking about this dog your
whole I have never seen this girl one
no it's all you've done I was literally
off-camera guys she's only been about
this dog it's it can be honest with me
would you want a puppy you'd take care
of him mommy I know that's getting you
questions I'm just saying like we have
so many said this long about we have so
much do so many responsibilities workout
video after we go to the pet store
really I practically had to drag you out
last time I had practically had to leave
you in the past or because you wouldn't
put the puppy down put the puppy down if
Kane gives me five will go $5 I'm trying
to be sick like I joke around a lot in
the vlogs I'm very sarcastic I'm very
sometimes it's hard for you guys to even
read my sarcasm I'm very sarcastic guy
but I'm trying to be actually very
serious on this log right now you really
want a puppy like you I do I really do I
think you want a puppy for like an hour
no I've thought about it over the next
over the last two days like could I take
care of a puppy it reminds me of like
you know like when kids want this is a
real life thing this is a this is a I'm
a living creature we already have a
monkey a dog it's curious Caine
I don't know what to say do you really
not want a dog
you know what here's the thing it's not
that I don't want a dog at all like I
like dogs I I want the dog to know can
we handle it yes I can
you probably okay and answer this
question what is the plan when we leave
drywall's here already watching Zeus
there's always somebody here that's
right teller Zeus you tell her you can't
say
here4s barks watch this who's here
get him nice huh go check go check it
out that's it good boy Zeus false alarm
fuck come on false alarm we mean can we
y'all never say we were going I'm just
trying to get a feel for how serious you
are there's a big difference between
wanting a dog and having a dog oh yeah
team Britney all up in this place I got
nobody I mean you guys were all team
Britney on this I saw you had like
300,000 thumbs up for that puppy you
know why because you guys don't have to
take care of the puppy it's gonna be me
late at night editing the vlogs with a
puppy chewing on my foot
mom you searched the property my mom
that's a good dog that dog you're gonna
have a hard time competing with this dog
as a dog like this is the dog he
protects the home he's the man
well because you want to bring another
puppy in this out discipline let's go to
pet store
really let's go gimme oh man I just
basically poked a hornet's nest right
there what do you need money the safest
thing to do is not take money cane do
you wanna you have five dollars right
now I feel like I'm in that like time
where I wake up and I'm like y'all I
just had this dream where we quoted the
pest what's happening
I'm either a there's two things right
now that's happening I'm either very
weak or I just really want
or maybe there's a little boil it's
about the pound over there quick
question what are you gonna do if we get
there in the puffs he's gone
are you gonna cry are you gonna be
miserable for the whole night are you
gonna wreck that it's my fault that we
didn't get the puppy there we go guys
the moment when Roman Atwoods life
changed forever no he's gone one shoot
she she thinks she wants this dog this
is the one you have oh you didn't have
this energy when you can't see straight
right now this is the one for sure this
is the one you help let me see let me
see
oh my you remember when she held up in
the last video is so calm and relaxed
now living in here dude I I just can't
see this dog in our house look Britney's
switching sides now she's looking at it
pretty husky look at this thing do you
think that Britney should get a dog what
you're supposed to on my side
oh this is your sister are they like I'm
confused like one eyes blue one eyes
what do you call a dog like this are you
sure you don't want a hamster dude look
at that can't mommy just get something
like that
picking out toys for me he's going he
just laying out his bath and his nails
fun
sounds like you wait so we came I feel a
little ripped off because I finally came
in here so she could get her puppy I was
all-in and then you didn't get that
puppy okay well this is all so you
listen to me about that but you know us
too well it's okay so the one I wanted
was half husky because what I really
wanted was a husky and they had him and
I
so is there a chance if you waited a day
and you came back that maybe you
wouldn't want this one either all right
you wanna get a rope you better get one
of everything for Zeus because he's
gonna feel really betrayed tonight
not by me Zeus come here let me picture
shorts come on
daddy's got you daddy things this is
Dada life right here man middle the
store I can't believe my eyes
he is
welcome to the Atwoods now all we got to
do is introduce in the Zeus Zeus Zeus
was mommy got what is that what do you
think Zeus we think but sniffing
transition around here guys we have a
husky there's a husky in my house
there's a husky in my house I know this
is acting I thought it would be
different
he's really like ignoring him completely
Bret Caine what do we name in this thing
you like Flash Cain really likes flash
blue because he has one eye if he had
two eyes would you call them blues hey I
think me and you feel the same way right
now bro here's today's question guys we
need a name for this puppy before I go
any further in this vlog I want to let
you know that Saturday I will be doing
edgy lives my first live show I've never
done live shit I know Britney's done a
little bit of it and I've jumped in on
hers everybody's live-streaming so I'm
gonna give it my first ever attempt this
Saturday I live got me super cool I'm
excited to try I will be honest I don't
know exactly what time but I will tweet
out or snapchat tell you guys when I'm
gonna be on and I will be giving this
away live brand-new unopened gopro hero4
silver my absolute favorite one so come
check me out Saturday it would be fun
it's gonna be a live vlog basically plus
a giveaway you gonna go live with me can
the poppy calm the puppy can a lot if
you guys don't already have live got me
I will put the
link in the description download it
subscribe to me and let's have some fun
it's gonna be a new thing I want to try
to put together like a live show like a
live fun show plus a giveaway and the
family and the new dog and cane my
manager John make it up dude
come on and so I hope to see you guys
on live dummy Saturday we're gonna have
a blast I'm nervous like live is
different than blogging blogging I
didn't cut my mistakes like hey guys hey
it lives like brawl I can't cut some be
great you know what I didn't forget what
this was gonna be like I tried to
pre-warned
oh he is cute though gotta give you that
oh my gosh it's a whole new world here I
think we're having some success
can you see the changes I'm loving the
double eyes Lisa
alright guys we really need a name for
this dog pain just has been calling him
flash you like flash we need to call
Noah and have him weigh in on this
this eyes man looks like he's almost any
read oh no he's so tired Zeus you're
being very very patient Zeus is foot is
almost longer than that whole dog
alright guys we're gonna have to in this
vlog you like the puppy you sleepy are
you happy mommy guys we love you thanks
for hanging out today what a day man I
still don't know how I feel I hope some
of you guys are actually on my side
today at least for today
he's a cool dog I'm not gonna lie it's a
cool dog I probably grow on me really
quick Britany Oh par be right in the end
two things please comment today what do
you think this dog should be called he's
got one blue eye if that helps he's
white and black he's a husky it's really
cool of him second don't forget link in
the description for live dot me I'm
really excited to do like a big live
stream so please check me out on there
and subscribe to me and that's it we
love you
thanks for all the support better give
me a thumbs up today for this see the
mom beautiful and one-of-a-kind smile or
if she is gonna be on baby maybe she's
gonna lap surprise laughs she works for
us so she's used to all the shenanigans
