hey guys welcome to the vlog why don't
you tell them exactly what we're doing
right now let's just get into it you
know why it's awesome it's what I do to
my friends all the time okay you guys
know that's got to free sent me like a
garage full of toilet paper tubes right
and we was I was actually wanting to do
this to you but you don't have a sunroof
so Emily got her Jeep she's gonna take
Emily works for us she works out the
smile Moore store Britton I'm like
stuttering here tell him um she just got
a brand new Jeep last week it's not
brand new new to her she got so you're
gonna take her to lunch with tubes
perfect way to start the day I've got
John here welcome have you been to Ohio
I haven't so this your first time I
think so awesome oh you have to make
sure you drive I will keep her keys in
case hey in case I need to move your car
cuz we always have to move cars in our
driveway so it's perfect okay don't let
her take the Jeep that's gonna be I'll
just go out serve the truck now I
already have cannon like that's perfect
okay give me five you gonna help mommy
have fun my little squirrel I love you
alright see you soon love you it's game
on guys god forbid I have a regular day
just a normal like sit down day let the
games begin
all I had to do is say leave the keys in
case I need to get the razor out boom
keys are left I'm at least take her
license plate off so I have to blur it
through the whole video I hate that do
you
first thing we got to do is clean this
garage out we've got like I don't even
know how many tubes but it's a lot she's
gonna kick we got to move all these
bring the Jeep in and we'll just get a
lattice or corner and it's so easy two
reasons I'm doing this in the garage and
not out in the driveway
if I do it out the driveway the reveal
will happen as she's pulling down the
driveway it'll ruin I won't be able to
capture her face too it'll be easier to
clean up inside this garage I think
here's a crazy fun fact for you in my
household my family of four meet
Brittany Cain and Noah we're gonna use
about 17,000 401 tubes in our lifetime
dude that's crazy
and that my friends is exactly how many
tubes I'm gonna put so John and I have
absolutely no idea how to pop the top oh
yeah that's it
that is it we got big holes right here
that's great looks good
if she is gonna be on but maybe maybe
she's gonna laugh surprised a lot she
works for us so she's used to all this
shenanigans
the Jeep is full I'm gonna try to figure
out what its gonna look like when she
comes I'm gonna have this door shut so
it's hidden Hey oh sorry hey this guy is
detailing my gt-r today cuz he said he
can do the Jeep real quick does Emily
want her Jeep detailed I'll pay for it
don't even worry about it
yeah it's like it's like a package deal
okay I just I didn't know how much time
you have cuz it might imagine just take
him a little bit but he's gonna detail
it out for you and no problem hi body
out okay I'll see you guys soon
she's so happy about the detail dude so
here's the deal I just told Emily that
heard her jeeps being detailed she's
gonna be so excited about that she
already is excited about then she's
gonna get here and her jeeps gonna be
full of these two she's gonna be so
bummed but here's the catch I actually
do have somebody coming for after this
the detailer Jeep but she won't know
that we had to pull these out with those
gonna rainy put it in the garage pull
these things out well he is right now
he's in the guys know he's working on it
right now yeah
he's doing a good job to come take a
look you said you wanted a full detail
so I got you the best that I know how to
do well he came yeah we left a little
space so you can open the door and just
climb in and drive it off
now you really have to detail it Jane
you should climb up in there you look
them up in there jump in it
I actually do have somebody coming here
to detail your car I really do
I swear I swear but you may have to
leave it here you take my job my job but
there is somebody coming to detail I
wasn't gonna leave it like this it's
pretty good dude that was awesome a
bugger to hit my car a buzzard yes where
I ran right into my car and it it
slammed Emir so hard it folded this in
shattered this is Brandon no way it's
all of this then a buzzards are huge
like a pterodactyl oh yeah then you'll
be done by morning for sure yeah job oh
the cleanup heart why do we do stuff
like this this is mayhem
that was so much fun
what you got in there you smuggling
tubes he's what you got what you got you
need tubes I got to mean I knew you were
Emily so I was gonna prank you come on
oh my god I would you would have got me
more than ever anything of you that
would have been the worst double prank
right there Wow
I really like cuz there's a patty right
there it's not the same help me but wow
that was really thought out too I would
it you wouldn't let me break Emily and
then you be like oh come see what I got
it's just me and you boy I mean like I
know you won't leave my side 100% I know
baby I know
all right I'm gonna take John's dinner
we're starving and then we'll be right
back
I love you little man have you ever been
in a GTR first time like your first time
in Ohio you can change your mind we
didn't we just realized
Columbus we were here for the the
natural born pranksters tour
as that sound Godzilla
the reason I always say I just warped
because I literally just warp John and I
just wouldn't had dinner I didn't film
any of it and now Zeus
it's time to wear you out boy watch how
excited he gets ready you want to go
chase the truck look he went to do the
truck
look he's waiting buy it yeah he knows
he knows he knows
did you really poop right beside the
truck it's fun it looks kind of real you
guys know I always use my RC truck to
wear out my dog check out these old
marks dude he's up he's he's a beast
hang on hang on
come on come on come on no no all the
way out
keep going to bring up these steps
hang on Zeus hanger
oh so close
you got it mission complete good that's
a good boy you got it one more time come
on you got it go go go hold you the
burnout do it go go go go you guys don't
know how bad I want to turn this camera
right here and show you this aquarium Oh
guys me nuts
soon July 1st I am gonna go out of my
way here for one second and thank you
guys for ball I mean the small more
storm has been rocking you guys have
been especially the camo hats the amount
of support we've had on all of the smile
more stuff everything t-shirt you name
it you've kept all the girls here very
busy and happy and just thank you so
much so these are the brand-new ones yep
tickle bugs these are what I used to
tickle everybody and they work so good
Oh more tickle bugs tickle tickle tickle
tickle tickle bugs I come out with the
theme songs bugs I'm gonna be so honest
right now this is what I'm always
wishing I have in my bag every time we
travel and you're on an airplane and
that person's in front of you and all
you can see is the back of their head
gosh I just want to tickle em so that
last but not least I wore these on
vacation to Bahamas the whole trip and
everybody was asking about them they are
available now the camo smile more uh
tank tops
it says summertime summertime fun so
thank you thank you thank you guys you
know the smart store is not a company
that you order from and people ship it
out it's us here at our home and our
building with our friends and family
helping us ship everything so thank you
guys but it's more than just buying a
product it's supporting our family and
supporting the message which is most
important smile more
I'll show you just take just watch it in
this tank it'll be worth it
actually it's putting so much build-up
okay sorry this is the room I could show
you the fish tank room all of this to
run that tank
yikes so for the fun part there's always
the funnest part of most of the pranks I
do is the cleanup somebody's got to do
it that's so many tubes guys that is
gonna do it for today's vlog we should
loving you having your 11 Hammond amah
translate around I'm not even kidding we
cleaned up all them twos it took a good
hour he still beat look stop talking
about the dog you gotta talk about the
dog and I can't believe how many of you
were on Britney's side yes actually I
don't think I had anybody on my side I
saw one comment that said I'm on Team
Roman that's it one one humming don't
need you want what need is a huge huge
difference I might end it now before we
start throwing things at each other
weird you like that little prank we did
today on Emily give it a big give me a
thumbs up for Emily man she was such a
good sport like just smiling and shocked
and it was awesome that's the best and
then her Jeep gets detailed tomorrow
morning I didn't have it tonight we love
you guys you're beautiful you're one of
a kind smile line we are we are gone
it's like another child you have to be
look at that thing
