welcome to the vlog we are out of the
beautiful Bahamas this is our very last
goodbye planned that one right in the
middle of a Negro man you packed now all
right we're gonna get our stuff good
morning how you doing whoo
you got all this I want your energy give
me some knocks the name Limpy little MP
L Impy what does that mean I took five
years of walk when I was five I couldn't
go to school I was lazy I like my mom
did that feel I said I said creep to the
shop there's Ellen today if I can't know
that was lazy get my on my on take me
down to the she take me down to the
beach and she carries feet in a pond I
should take my limbs and she buried it
and the Sun and I should take the PSU if
you run by limbs so she save the limb
Limpy and then when I go on the kiss I
see
and that's how I got my nickname because
most women got nicknames well man in the
States
that name would have a different meaning
yeah I know here's our squad is our deep
squad right here headed home buddy got
all the passport and everything
passports yeah that's Limpy
we need them passports heck no we won't
go I hope you got an extra bedroom or
two I got no problem the bedrooms like
that fool you gotta go to fast food Oh
like that oh I'm in I do have it thanks
to my brother giving me the only clean
shirt the resort thanks dude Thank You
Man I know I know you spent some time on
it oh that's funny I'm like her what are
you doing property yeah are you driving
dad guys we still got time if you want
to get a boat head to the next Island
can you say goodbye to the beautiful
island you already did
and all for realness I think we're all
going to equally miss this place like
crazy it has been quite the trip
all right that's a wrap on the sadness
us departures life at the airport pure
bang 39 contrition you guys ready to go
home
ready a little bit yeah I tell you know
it's been a full vacation when you're
actually ready to go home okay and you
ready to see Zeus
these pride the last days
there is no nonstop flights home so we
got a stop in Charlotte
there's our plane we are out of here
hello CooCoo CooCoo
we all get in here
check it out
this is the timeout chair anybody acting
up goes to the timeout chair yeah maybe
the chair mr. Claude
and welcome to Charlotte we are here
again all right
it's awful last ones on the plane it
wouldn't be a trip if we were the last
ones on the plane
we missed the flight what are you doing
is that the thing
all right there you go hey we're going
to go to the Bahamas is that we're going
turn it around turn it around guys
I don't know how we just survived but we
did these kids are going nuts we have
made it to Ohio this is where our trip
ends we're back home we're gonna split
up as a family go our separate ways what
was your favorite part about vacation
hit me hit me know the fool all right of
course family was number one but number
two the best thing we did want man this
film is expensive what was your favorite
part that was a cool part for sure
there's our truck gainers I think this
goes without saying but my favorite part
was all the family it was unbelievable
gonna spend this much time with all my
families
the greatest experience Brett you drive
in I don't wanna sit beside you a little
bit I guess mom sit beside you well here
we are we're back home and it is
beautiful and sunny which is very very
you should we plan on it's always
raining so right now right who'sa Azusa
mama are you excited
hey hi Zeus hi baby who's here starting
to smell like grandma's house in here
this is Kane's new bed which came while
we were gone do you love how you're
gonna be able to jump off on the
beanbags where's your ball I know what
you want to do I know what you want to
do hmm
drop it good boy we are home guys
actually came home to a nice day it's
beautiful feels like the beach here oh
my god you know what the only thing was
missing me you that's right quenette is
a sickbed dude whoo we have so much to
catch up with man fish look hungry
you've been feeding the fish mama yeah
hey guys I'm back I don't think I really
have to explain how thankful I am to
have you guys along with me and my
family on this entire last two weeks has
been pretty crazy between me going to
China - the guys from tank to putting
the new aquarium in - going to the
Bahamas with my family - being back home
is just so unbelievable to have you
guys forgive me I just drank a bunch of
I don't know if you've been out of town
today's vlog but I feel terrible my
throat is swollen I feel like crap I am
NOT gonna allow it not getting sick just
gonna keep saying in my head
not gonna get sick I'm not getting sick
no I know no what's wrong sick you pass
it on chicken and noodle that is a ton
was up to Mister already found his ps4 I
bet you missed this thing didn't you
no PS what would a kid do for two weeks
with no ps4 I'm with you like I'm on
your side I really am
back in the day dude leaving my it was
for me it was my it was our old computer
with Total Annihilation on it but
probably 90% of use 99% you don't even
know what that is we lived on it man
nothing you got nothing
bring it on little dude bring it on
there you go oh that go hit it
get him oh yeah I'm just waiting for
this water to explode out oh you just
took him he's got him as chokeslam I
love you I'm gonna go get know what to
bed okay yeah nope forgetting forgetting
what are you forgetting you're losing
your mind I hope you have I hope you had
the greatest vacation ever
we did a lot we did a lot like we did a
lot on that trip like looking back I
don't have to watch the blocks just to
like it's crazy about vlogging it's like
you get to rewatch and you get to like
you're like holy crap we did that
awesome yeah uh-oh
Lynn's stuck already this thing's brand
new no I have not dropped this one yet I
was young applause how many you guys
young she yawns I have I have been
stripping of my energy I hate feeling
like this this is the worst feeling
because I like to be very positive on
the vlogs I like to be high-energy I
like to keep you guys motivated and when
I feel like this I'm like off I feel
like Zeus right now guys we love you I
refuse to get sick there will be a vlog
I know what most people are thinking
he's just sick so he not snapped the
block no there will be a vlog I will
vlog I'm not gonna get sick that's just
that guys thanks again for going on this
trip with us and coming home with us and
being a part of being a huge part of our
family like literally such a huge part
of what we do and I didn't I don't blog
like everywhere we go you guys
they're like our entire trip people are
there every single day all the time and
it's just it's turning just such a cool
thing we are like one gigantic family
people come up to us it's like we've
known them but they've known us for ever
like years it's really weird just we
don't know you you guys know everything
about us if you watch these vlogs so
it's really interesting really crazy we
love you guys I hope you're feeling
perfect we will see you tomorrow you're
beautiful you're one of a kind smile
more and tell me what was your favorite
part about vacation what was the best
part
smile
