hey guys welcome to the vlog where is
everybody conrad come here come here I
got to show you this are you ready this
is you mate you made yesterday's
thumbnail check it out that's you dude
that's like the greatest picture the
whole trip was that cool or what
Dale damn hello hello it's right off the
bat we arrived here yesterday apparently
there's some type of like tropical storm
or bad weather headed up near Florida we
happen to be on the edge of it so it's
all clouds it's a little gloomy today a
little windy definitely not your typical
like tropical sunshine and blue water
it's very cloudy and gray so apparently
these guys a lot of these guys drive
their boats in from Florida and they
hang out here for the weekend they do
some fish and whatever they just like to
hang out here they can't even leave
they're stuck here because the weather
is so bad come on slowpokes what's up
dude
hope you guys are having an awesome day
man this is what vacation is all about
right here family running around goofing
off may not be one of my typical like
fun tropical sunny ocean vlogs today but
maybe a good day to just relax with the
family a little bit so these two are
mine right here these two this these two
of my brothers right here yeah we got
boys all boys that's right what you guys
got going on here how are you give me
five
my name is Roman how awesome like I I've
never been like I don't Ellis person but
I'm literally jealous of this t-shirt
that's the greatest thing I've ever seen
what t-shirt ah you ever seen t-shirt
like that no I mean either
sipping on some cold island drinks Pina
Colada pina colada virgin and how is the
beer of the Bahamas yeah it's like a Bud
Light oh you got candy squid oh yeah
they're so good these were so good as a
kid the eyeballs the best part I think
that's real squid dude yeah I think it
was the fishing pole that gave it away I
think it was your six-pack ABS he gave
it away
hey little lizard running back to the
room real quick to get some shoes
footballs we're gonna try it a little
fishing off the beaches like some rocks
and a reef maybe we'll catch something
you got a secret path let's do it I'm
gonna catch you boy I know you guys like
my pink bike check it out I'm just gonna
say this right now whoever the guy was
that was like yo let's put bikes here
for any guests that stay with us genius
your genius dude or lady whoever
whoever's a genius so at low tide this
Beach almost empties out completely
turns into like a rocky walkway you can
hike out to these rocks
yeah conch conch conch conch I don't
know we're gonna walk out hike out here
we got a couple of fishing poles a
little bit of bait we're gonna try to
catch fish look how cool this little
spot is Leah's mangrove tree I saw this
in the rocks you think of castaway yeah
this is the atwood version of castaways
we've been out here for bella' what a
week or so we're just we're just fishing
for food now luckily we came across
three fishing poles in a box full of
frozen squid there's a new mangrove
growing yeah because at high tide at
high titer is actually water up here all
right guys
this is this is pure survival you gonna
catch us a fish Dale he loves playing
with this stuff you already go on look
at them look at them big guys it's a
whopper it's a whopper George they're
everywhere
they have big lobster down there how you
get him
you grab by the antenna and drag him out
I do it but it's not in season right now
there's more down here see the lobster
down here oh yeah I've seen them videos
guys just grabbed with their hands they
just reach down and grab it there's a
big sea urchin down here that's a
bristle worm or fireworm stings the crap
out of you yes there's another one
oh they're coming out that's why you
don't want to reach him for them
lobsters right now look at this guy you
want to touch him he's pretty awesome
actually everywhere don't eat it oh wait
look how fast he's out of water gross
creature he looks like a giant blood
worm that's a specie alien didn't as an
alien from outer space have a leader on
here whoa hold a hunt now here here
comes the rain nananana it's raining
baby haha I'm not a hundred percent but
apparently this might last like two
three days oh I missed it
you literally just flipped off your bike
I'm stuck
hey little man with smiley face shower I
like to go get in I turn the faucet on
and it's spraying all right parents out
there what is the best method to get
things out of your kids ears years
sakina's or he's actually been to the
doctors about this you guys remember on
the vlog we went to the doctors and
there's sand from Punta Cana in his ear
still and they said it'll just work its
way out just gotta be way to get it out
nice huh is this the cue hairdryer by
the way is this the shower that exploded
whoa turn it on and that little thing
was turn to this so what's gonna happen
if I turn it on just turn it that way
it's the actual name like you do it yeah
you do it please
it's turned out right now so slick I
know so what yeah cuz he turned it
together way shower tom baby we're gonna
go out me Dale Jessa Britt are gonna go
out on a little double date yeah
how many you guys how many how many you
guys even notice I shave today that's
right the big deal huh hey I'm sure
everybody nervous no no it's such a
change
what's going on in here you little
hooligans going on in here I feel like
I'm missing the party you guys are going
crazy didn't hear them you can hear them
going crazy all the way out there so
what you're wearing you look at thousand
times better than me I don't anything
you liked it my camera for the only
shots I have Britney wash but didn't
draw something stinks so bad
that's a spot-on impression of me by the
way I need to know hair or haven't done
my hair for like a month
weeks but it's so long it's the old
Roman Atwood guys haven't done my hair
for a long time what do you think guess
who's back when I'm back again
wow man why cuz I've been in the lab
with a pin in the pad trying to get the
same label off ain't having that this is
the Millennium aftermath give me one
more platinum plaque and rap you can
have it back love you bye Conrad hey
pretty flower you ready to eat a little
Dindin there's a little restaurant here
I'm gonna be surprised if you and I like
anything on this menu yeah you're in a
seafood place why are you gonna order
steak I've been trying seafood so I
don't want to hear yeah you've been
doing pretty good look at least two-putt
reeks do we look like a couple or do we
look like brother and sister let me tell
you guys something this is the thing
that Brittany and I have done for a long
time I don't think I've ever told you on
the vlog people will come more
people will legit ask me if we're
boyfriend/girlfriend I'm like nah this
is my sister and then I wait about 10
seconds and then I kiss her always gets
a good reaction so if you're a couple
boyfriend/girlfriend you can do that to
people it's hilarious it is funny the
same thing but I'm like nah this is my
mom oh are you getting dirty trust some
shrimp shrimp rolls shrimp egg rolls egg
rolls a Chinese restaurant yeah and that
actually looks like sweet showers just
pick it up and dip it girl
sweet chilli sauce I don't eat egg rolls
in Chinese restaurant dude you got to
use the sauce brah it's good it's good
what'd you think get it mmm doesn't mean
it's bad at all I thought you were like
kidding
channel should be called blurry vlogs
flirt roaming out with blurry vlogs can
you just get a boat already
I just want boat
ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba
you got that itchy sunburn back you look
sunburned you look sleepy a movie night
look at you
it's so cool dude look how big you are
look you gonna be my camera man yeah you
are let me explain to you guys what
we're doing right now we've designed the
perfect spot for Kane to sleep huh
so in this hotel room they have this
thing which to me looks like a kid's bed
so we're gonna take this thing that
looks like a kid's bed bring it into
here beside our bed I don't know put
that lamp somewhere else
how's that oh my gosh a funny thing is
it kind of matches this bed guys we need
to say goodnight goodnight I love you my
little man out I'm so hard the masseuse
you miss we all miss Azusa business
misses us too blurry camera blurry vlogs
bori thumbs up sure our new name just be
bluie vlogs calm baby tomorrow I'm gonna
switch from this camera to this camera
which is the exact camera but it's brand
new and I've been using this is for all
the underwater shots but I'm gonna put
the windscreen on it it's now gonna be
my new vlog camera because this one is
shot same camera just brand new we're
gonna switch it over tomorrow some nice
clean clean vlogs man this thing is it's
old I've had this camera forever I'm
gonna be out there editing in your van
here saying our good vibes I gotta go
edit this vlog while you guys just sleep
I'll be waiting right here yeah guys we
love you so much thanks for coming along
with us thanks for being such a huge
part of our family I knew today was
gonna be kind of a family day we got a
little date night which was freaking
awesome yeah it's really nice very
needed and I didn't feel much we kind of
just you know we did our thing and I'll
tell you this place we're at is really
cool I like this place a lot it's very
quiet very secluded not many people at
all I feel like you're back there doing
guys tell me guys tell me today what's
the coolest place you've ever been or so
a place that you've been that you just
really loved fell in love with and you
you just wanted to stay there tell me in
the comments the coolest place you've
ever been to we love you you were
beautiful you're one of a kind we will
see you tomorrow
smile more what are you doing hey when's
the last thing you wrote a bicycle
someone watch it watch myself oh look
