hey welcome to the vlog we are moving
out we are out of here you ready yeah
yeah yeah let's do it
let's go party animals Oh everybody
Stevie I don't want you to play I don't
want you to stop I want you to go
forward ready forward okay you can tell
that one's mine right there uh-oh hang
on you're in Reverse hey hey guys hope
you're having an awesome day we are
moving look at all this stuff thanks for
cleaning the room looks like a lot the
bomb go halfway through the switch
resort I know right I was just getting
nestled in and I was I was in my I was
in my nest all right what do you guys
think the next place is gonna be like
any ideas I don't have no idea you think
it'll be awesome I know it's gonna be
awesome but I have no idea what's expect
it will be cool going to somewhere we've
never been that's that's what's gonna be
great it's all new all new adventure I
can't lie I'm gonna miss this spot I
love this spot
maybe it's so much crap dude what is all
this I feel weird staying in the Bahamas
forever like playing Tetris man that's
great did a good job right little man
let's do it
so we just got on the road and what's
going on what happened we broke down a
lot it appears that the band may not
make it to the other one without
transmission Floyd a little tranny juice
in that he said it barely runs so I
don't know how anything runs in this
heat I got chronic
we made it baby we made it here got it
driving eight hours you're gonna peel
your tongue off let me see
oh you're tearing your tongue out are
you sure it looked just like its tongue
yes gross rough
you're grosser than my beard this place
looks awesome dude we're definitely
getting a boat here maybe I actually
have no idea I want to get a boat so bad
look at all these you see puffers kind
of Noah look at the hammocks dude check
these out this one's got a trapdoor is
that a sneeze no it sounded like you
exploded Rock my baby the tree top rock
his little world yeah
so we've got about one hour before our
rooms are ready so we're gonna venture
around look around see what's going on
cheese puffs boy those look so good
that is a dead puffer oh no this is
actually your guys's room Dale this is
where you and Noah sleep at night
yeah huh I'm not waiting around dude
here film film this ledge where Dale is
we're going home now
go go go oh you're like a little delay
on it cuz I don't have my underwater so
here we are this is what we gonna be for
the next few days I can't talk right now
that looks crazy
don't know what we're gonna get into
here but I'm sure there's a million
things to do
you ready nice purse by the way
supposedly this place is really known
for their nice rooms I have not seen
this yet none of us have no I may be
heyco hood a place from the hotel
dropped all our stuff for us actually we
got everybody's bags not just ours wow
really
there's Noah's room dude you got a sick
room and I guess the best parts right
here boom we think of that bathtub right
what do you think buddy I think we're I
think we're all a little blown away by
this room we're not used to staying in
rooms like this this is really fancy
really decked out got my little editing
my little editing station for a few days
right here No yuh-huh that's gonna be
Kings bed oh yeah this is your bed Wow
well depending on him we might see if we
can get the one-ders oh nice if you guys
need some extra rooms come on over more
space than we need and we still have
your bags too so me and mr. cheeseball
man are gonna head down to the pool I
think everyone's a little worn out today
Brittany's barely even been in the vlog
she's been off
tired and I've been that way a million
times someone let her catch up a little
bit relax get caught up get some energy
and we'll be ready to go tonight you
ready yeah
hey mom you ready let's go honey wake up
wake up wake up my god look at this
place
never seen anything more beautiful than
less there is an image you can really
hear me you want Elena have it land
hammock oh my gosh look check him out oh
wow I've never seen one out in public
he's awesome
where should I put him hang on little
man I've only seen these for sale in pet
stores this is awesome look at his
little purple hand put them in your
mouth here's the thing on the way back
from the pool I picked up a pretty sweet
ride my turn here you're gonna take it
you're gonna take my purple bike come on
it really does what are you doing hey
when's the last thing you wrote a
bicycle somebody watch it watch it I
call you to toe to toe sir I wanted you
to ride this bike just so I hello I'm
getting up guys we're getting awake
we're getting alive I'm not gonna lie
we've done a lot this week like usually
on vacation you think you're just laying
around relaxing we haven't really done
that at all we've been moving and fast
pace and wrecking bikes
did you see that like took my throat yes
I tried to hold position like your mom's
four-bike whatever what is going on with
this water drop
ramp it in mom ramp it in so one of the
coolest parts right off the bat is the
bikes dude now we've upgraded we got the
pretty pink oh it's hard without shoes
nah how much I'm gonna try to catch up
to the family they went up here
somewhere we got that Ohio forget that
Ohio cloudiness right now look at that
man you walked the long way Conrad I
would think so whoa and he's fast how
awesome is this
this is unbelievable yeah me and Dad
love our bikes anyways yeah my mom and
dad actually ride like how many miles do
you guys usually ride on your bikes like
2015 15 miles so this is right right at
home baby look at this island dude
that's all I need just that Island right
there I could swim over there I could
swim to that Island I think right there
we made it to the end this is coal look
at all them big shells
so much got room for one up on onto the
pink express bike this easier than
running you look like you're fly and
you're hovering that's a fun little trip
man
I love the bike oh yeah oh yeah he'll be
out there for a while he's got a venture
where did you guys get our keys don't
worry oh nice wrong one
wrong one wrong one so our key our
actual key hasn't worked at all neither
oh really
I thought they were sending someone down
oh he's awesome but are you going go in
the pool go in the pool oh we cruising
man this is so nice so relaxing
I could probably ride bikes all day
again like I used to when I was a kid
again dude you were going flying not
high I agree with that I scared the kid
King you don't want to get on can run
I'll give you the crazy award for the
day you probably would have rode the
bike into the pool you were straight I
can't say it enough guys this is
everything to me my family the kids mom
and dad we're just having so much fun
he's crazy just wants to go higher do it
any higher you're gonna do a full
loop-d-loop
Conrad I think your names just gonna
turn into rad your rad dude oh not you
guys jumping right towards the inner
Lavoie everybody passed out on me
tonight
I got a edit and here's the thing
Internet here is terrible I'm hoping I I
guess if you're seeing this then I got
it to work but the Internet here at this
resort it's very secluded here it's very
private and it's it's it's bad it is so
bad so I guess what I'm trying to say is
that there is any vlog issues for the
next few days maybe the blogs one up
later than usual or not at all hopefully
that doesn't happen but hopefully if
you're seeing this I got to work so
thank you guys so much for coming along
with us on this trip we are going to
continue to rock and roll
Kanan Britt book passed out on the bed
Noah is still rocking you still up
alright so you just know it's still up
we are we're gonna call it a night guys
I gotta edit and hopefully this internet
works it's okay see my question for you
today let's have fun with this if you
showed up on an island with nothing but
you could have one thing what would it
be
that's all I got for you guys today
thank you for everything pigs for always
sharing these vlogs and showing so much
love on then we will see you tomorrow
you're beautiful
you're one of a kind smile more keep
your head up
