I don't know why I always always have
struggled with intro even when I've
logged every single day it was so weird
to just say what's up guys welcome to
the vlog I just want to say hello today
welcome to a vlog we haven't vlog
forever here at the house and today is
just that is a regular ketchup we need
we need to catch up on life it's just
been a long time it's been way too long
until your truth I miss you guys so much
it feels so we're not uploading it on a
regular took a crazy risky shot at
making a couple movies which thank you
guys so much they were they were smash
hit they were they were huge they were
huge frost and thank you guys for
supporting that and we just want to kind
of come out with some vlogs now just
some regular welcome to our home vlogs
do it John don't leave me cold for one
second one second are you coming out
Cara hi baby are you coming to swim we
have so much to catch up on Cara
hey Cara are you swimming a little
rocket ship let's go on inside okay I
feel literally lost a little I forget if
you might just miss our last movie
Britney and I are going age so yeah I
need it sighs yeah it's a little too big
I was a little small wait let me get it
let me get it there it is guys soon to
be a full outward family
no idea why I am to the point where I
don't even know where to start or what
just what to do with you guys like I
want it I want to just film your home
today and just be here at home don't
have Noah right now it's really sad
but there's just so many new things
there's so many new parts of our life
we've got sponsored by the biggest game
in the entire what is the biggest guy
that's crazy in the world right now part
name
Fortin I even played it I don't even
know of a game in my entire life that
has been as big as for tonight no no for
at night epic games like literally we
just wants to buy epic unbelievable like
I'm it's crazy I know some family it
doesn't make sense to me you know
teaming crazier is our actual okay do
you want a sponsor whatever I was like a
it's a bad addiction let me just show
you let me just say let's start there
okay
you guys show them everybody your
fortnight okay this is Kane's setup
literally we all play fortnight together
now it is even Britt has a full set up
now and when car goes to sleep we'd like
all been fighting for tonight who you
got who you got
this is Keynes I'm good at shooting up
building buildings the trick canes
getting great literally it's so we're
watching to play though because his
fingers don't reach everything so he
literally plays with it and makes Noah
like have chills like he freaks out
about yeah look my computer is actually
online just sitting so you plate is it
your index finger you play with your
front always he plays middle on w which
looks so strange
I'll show you any lands love in the mic
setup by the way I love in the mic setup
that's it's all in his head it's all in
your brain you're going to tilted tilted
tapped my bad look at the hand movement
this is how he runs he holds shift with
his middle finger and W on the index and
he just got it I got tell he plays kid
ok yeah boy
I think there's another one above you
get on King get okay he just roasted
another guy he's an animal who's better
cane are you
yes if you really want food okay we're
gonna let Kane finish this game
this is Brittany's fortnight's setup
look at this this is her she's turned
into a real a real gamer now I mean yeah
you can't see someone die let's see your
setup boom alright I think this is my
favorite one but everyone sees me for my
fire you're like a road flare running a
gossip show yeah we all have our own
setups if you don't already have
fortnight guys download it it is
completely free completely same for free
which is insane like when I was what
that wasn't an option when I was a kid
the price of games when I was young was
super exciting like the same price is
there are now so to see a free game come
out on all consoles literally Xbox
police station cane has an icon I have
it on my cell phone we have it on
computers it is available everywhere I
will pin the description to download it
right now in my comments also in the top
of my descriptions click it get the game
cut like we can play together I want to
get customers that's what I really want
to do Britney's jumping in and just such
a good yeah it says you know if she's
jamming on it it's fun who doesn't want
to dance with other people or psycho why
that's where Kane went no that's fun hey
we got show my setup okay rock it up
let's do it
rocket ready you got to be Kane you got
two kills don't fall through the roof
you're gonna fall I knew you're gonna
fall through - oh she's the best and
then they're relentless there there she
gonna dance on you she under she can't
save you she only let you alright then
we got my oh wait what do you mean like
it doesn't show like where it says you
line you win the game it doesn't have to
be victory
I like your ear tiles I'm hearing this
is my important I said I gotta say one
of the greatest parts about the game to
me as a family is something we do
together me Noah Cain and Brittany all
play together as a team when we jump
together and we die this replay mode
what's exclamation marches
what are those mean look handgun pistol
shot one hit BAM dead
what is that really even possible oh are
those ear three kill four kills maybe
for pie watch this one
ready ready ready just barely see this
guy up here power the scar baby bam bam
dad dang you didn't even build I'm just
I didn't even try I'm just saying you
know like sign me up
Oh ready this guy's about doc boned and
knocked I jump in the tree like hit hit
hit it no I'm this oh you got hit
already it's just me and one guy me and
one guy right right now I try to be a
great builder but I'm a little slow out
I'm getting better and getting better
all right good job bill maybe this guy
I'll say you're gone all right as one
guy well you really remember this very
well this was my last game I quit today
oh poor guy stuck on the fence
boom Victor oh my god 35 kills that's
not bad
are you are you sure you you just hung
out there at the end
oh my god I was recording the whole time
so it's for tonight guys we don't play
it we played as a family play with your
friends one I think it's one of the
greatest things is so social you hang or
meet new people I play with people that
I played every day now that I didn't
even know before for tonight it's
incredible so download if you don't have
for tonight get for at night it is a
blast it's available now for PC for Xbox
for PlayStation for your phone for your
iPad it's just and it's free so so let's
catch up on life right that's that's all
amazingly cool and great for us in the
family and yes like just our real life
no that's money huh that's what real
bills look like let's just start small
okay let's start at the beginning chorus
chorus sleep now
I don't know is she sleeping she's away
let's go say hi to Cora let's start with
course she's so close to walking she's
like right there she stands on her own
it's so cute be walking soon finally hot
in Ohio right here's how you tell dirty
muddy hot dog he's figured off the pond
he's starting getting the pond and
what's up what's up buddy everybody
missing you all you wanna be on camera
camera shy huh you seen this for a while
well so you say something no hija no
yelling and everybody all right stick
your tongue out at him she is asleep
yeah dang it okay when she wakes up and
saw our amazing stand-up balance skills
the upstairs is getting painted that
seems like something that has to go in a
comeback blog so when we got this house
years and years ago we had the vision
that before upstairs would just be kids
like this is where all the kids well it
looks absolutely destructed there's one
two three bedrooms up here and we were
like oh that would be perfect for one
two three kids you know I just had one
Operator pull me and ask if everything
was fine Oh smells like a laboratory in
here it's up Gil
why don't you guys have lights on but
I'll need lights we're professionals
yeah you need a so we're getting rid of
the guest room and turning it into
Kane's
official bedroom so yeah this is always
been white what happened your hair bud
you gotta cut officers we get back in
China you got a haircut
nice way to go to Cannes got the best
view like he wakes up in the morning and
just sees all the fun zone do you love
it
yeah now you're all painting yo are you
excited to go upstairs you excited to
move upstairs you know hey have you
missed have you missed vlogging yeah
yeah dang it why don't you tell me
today it's hanging this you Jacqueline
do it I dare you yeah I came right off
yeah
we're painting it up dude it's so hot
out of what do you mean we're painting
it up when I say we I mean me oh my yeah
what actually happened up here this
isn't from the kids this is not from the
kids everything's just been thrown up
here boy Nate oh that's fun we have for
love Zach oh you know we found in this
closet
what oh my have you guys another Casey
hit a million subscribers on this in the
closet he visited here just so happens
he had a million when he came here we
just found that so it's it's the typical
man house everybody's doing their own
thing doing something and I just feel
hope you guys I hope you are feeling
good I hope you've been able to stay
positive hope you keeping your head up
and realizing how great your life
actually is I know it's frustrating all
the time there's so many things that
weigh us down bring us down kick us
winter down it's like it's like there's
a million reasons to be unhappy but
there's so many great reasons to be
happy I feel kind of weird blowing like
we made the movies which I can't thank
you guys enough for this like
overwhelming when I announced the idea I
had more hate than I've ever seen in my
life like they it was like oh my god
this is it I'm giving it all up to try
to make these movies and it's really
stressful I was like you know no matter
what I'm gonna get tons of hate when I
upload and no matter what and it wasn't
100% on opposite you guys so much I mean
more love than I would see on of like it
was insane amount of love that we had
trying something new and trying
something that I really really wanted to
do like I had to I was like hate or not
this is something that I want to do this
is something that's fun to me this is
something that I want to tackle on my
own and you guys stood right there with
me and actually when I announced that
you did it I still like I felt like it
was over and then
Akane's dude that's sweet
I like Cora's little little dress I just
thought of something I thought it's
something maybe you care maybe you don't
new tires on the x3 there are kind of
it's street-legal man I can drive this
on not like a highway but it's
street-legal like it's um like I get I
can take it out on the back roads and go
driving me anyway I got some Street
tires here's why I crashed this I ripped
the whole front end off of it not the
whole front end but this note was this
side I broke her I broke her good this
time she's coming all the way home like
this I don't think it's supposed to look
like that oh my god took all this off
and in fact right now it's currently
two-wheel drive there is no axle in the
front still waiting on replacement or is
up it's right now I'm only rear-wheel
drive I'm getting fixed today hopefully
or tomorrow tomorrow yeah I love these
tires so much I think it's so fun
couldn't get her sleep I thought she was
that you faking on us I didn't the 911
called me and was like look at my baby
my girl she's too sleepy how big she's
getting Cory you're getting so big
getting so big you know stand for him
dan for him
you got it you'll come to debt no she's
too tired dang now that you guys don't
believe me you can't stand on your own
so what they're saying say I don't want
to work right now vlogging is like one
of the things where it's like it's gonna
be soon enough it's gonna be soon enough
you clear come here hi hi come here get
it caught you has been so incredible
like it's so crazy how a little girl so
used to my crazy little boys now this
one got anything no no yeah
she has made life so fun is so much
energy and like just happy girl yeah do
you want blog do you want to vlog grab
it you got to grab it you got all its
kind of happy for you huh
yeah they're not kiddies anymore they're
like full-sized lions right here no
Charlie you got a rocket she says I'm
gonna unlock it unlock it I got it
let Daddy help let's go let's go it's
double locked baby proof to the finest a
little sauna area it feels good
Britt's been absolutely crushing it even
got Cora's bar down here it's hers get
it girl get it on three she put the the
back belt on her this is cold but it's
so cute this thing's pretty cool it's
like a little portable well it's not
porn woods I have wheels but it's like a
little sauna way this look you hop in
here and it's like smoldering hot and
you just sit and you sweat and yeah it's
kind of cool it's got speakers it's got
I don't know and it smells like a
hamster cage which I love it's like
cedar you know the smell talking about
like hamsters like the cedar chips
smells so good oh let's see yeah grab it
Cora you got it get it Cora no rock star
yeah remember why you started my movie
dude it looks so funny though the bars
are so cold she's like hmm well you got
it she does not want to try today
Bucky down lock it like you're talking
girl lock it like you talk it
she she says I don't wanna work stop it
mom
I'm not your puppet yeah yeah she can't
really do it I like the whole time she
can do it
car do it for daddy okay so when you
vlog every day for a very long time you
become it's like a habit it's like it's
just it's something you do you grab the
cam and you film everything over the
last like months like I haven't vlogged
every day and I've missed like huge part
of why we always vlog was to have the
memories we can watch back years of our
life like our days or highlights are
just our life our kids can watch
themselves to grow up it's crazy but
when you stop vlogging you you every
little thing they do you're like oh my
god I miss that I mean I don't even have
it on camera like it's weird it's almost
like an addiction it's like I can't
believe I don't have that on camera
type anyway yeah Google a very home blog
today's what we want to do is salt what
the movie was huge and successful but I
did see a lot of people just we want to
we want to be with you guys at home so
that's what today is and the next couple
of days we're gonna shoot more it sounds
crazy in here what's going on this is
the arm to nose with this room a lot of
you guys know this room this is the
three to one fish tank and it sounds
really bad
something's going on here dimmer
sideways fell over she fell over she's
standing course I miss ya fish snake
room hasn't changed at all this runs all
the way up into the fish tank and
everything comes down recycled skimmed
and set back up brazii it's always um
this is always ready with salt water so
that you can issue it every like two
weeks the whole tanking strain on me but
it's crazy it's crazy it's crazy fish
tank that's a good update you coming are
you coming girl you're gonna be ten
months in one day two days holy smokes
Cain started walking at ten months so
we're expecting that anywhere from now
till the next two months this girl's
dumb be like we're gonna be chasing full
storm chaser Cora cheese for
destroy it oh oh don't don't
you know Eddie there you go yeah you go
for a second yeah
so it's funny I couldn't come back with
like just go go make a vlog go jump into
the pond go like I wanted to be like
let's actually update everybody on our
home and just catch up I know but I
wanted to really just catch up that's it
today's all about you wanna jump in the
box
no but what I mean is like now that I'm
doing a catch-up blog I'm thinking of
every comment I've seen in the last like
once and fishstick actually comes in
they're like people leave comments about
the fish tank so here's the fish tank
absolutely mind-blowing reef this is
it's what's the glasses there'll be a
fish tank Todd haven't been here in a
week or two
it's our little our little aqua TV right
here crazy it's grown so much I don't if
you have pictures but this used to be so
small and all these corals are pumping
all the way into the glass baby bed is
that Nemo is that Nemo hi Nemo her name
kitty's like it is Nemo I'm hungry I
know that I said it was gonna rain today
I called it it's just too hot
oh boy like okay so you guys know always
playing about Ohio's weather but when it
actually gets super nice and hot
it always comes with raincoat
don't he's gonna talk don't he's gonna
talk say it donkey let him hear it
calling him out - he's calling me out
he's like I like this boy that just
sounds pathetic that sounds like now you
now you back to the old ways around here
everyone yelling at me huh
Wow
all right the smile more store huge
updates on smut I mean I mean know where
to start smile more is you guys knows
one of our biggest parts of us it's you
what is that you got me a nose ear
trimmer no you don't know how bad I want
one of these actually I know my hair I
don't even know where to start with
smama I feel like I'm so be happy been
without vlogging we don't announce
anything release we don't announce
anything we just put it up on the store
so maybe we should just go over a couple
things our blankets one of my favorite
products in the whole store right here
no I've never been logged I think you
posted something about him obviously was
a big weight a lot of you I mean they
were sold out like the first day we got
new ones in now on the vlog too so they
always saw a little faster when we put
them in the vlogs but um there's
literally small more is crazy it's such
a big part of our life and it feels
we're not filming anything about it for
so long we have so much guys I don't
even they even need to show it all like
basically s'mores but rockin and tons
and I mean that your beautiful your
one-of-a-kind cases aren't even been in
the vlog yet see me mines all dirty but
yeah there it is beautiful your
one-of-a-kind cases are all in on all
phones smile more tank rocking and
rolling it does it look cloudy is it
just me is it fish tank Todd smile wait
more smile more
that's weird it's so clear with my eyes
but it's so cloudy with the can't is it
does it look cloudy to you or is it me
yeah but on camera look it's all cloudy
how do you block it when we released
your beautiful you want to work on like
the hook nothing that's so crazy dude
this you priced seen it in all my vlogs
now but we've gosh this place has grown
so much since we've logged I don't even
understand crazy who's been here since
this was in our original house or in our
basement with like seven buckets we had
seven or so little plastic tubs with
some t-shirts in it now this whole place
full crazy so yeah that's small more
store still rocking everyone's out
uh what else we have to catch up on like
I feel like believe we got more maybe
you know maybe much hasn't changed like
I'm thinking we've been gone forever but
it's only been two months
like how much your life changes in two
months like really I mean pooris
starting to be a little stand out on
camera canes about to lose his second
you guys knows his front teeth got
busted out on the trampoline a long time
ago and now his last big tooths about to
fall out so he will officially be toefl
it's poor time he's struggling so bad
with it I'm so itchy maybe you're
allergic Timmy you're allergic to me
yeah maybe maybe not as much as change
that I was thinking in my head like
everything is different everything but
not really I think everything's pretty
much the same we've had a wonderful
break off-camera to be honest like I
really know how to explain that that's a
whole nother world like that fast
all that rain now the sun's out and it's
beautiful literally like no time it's
already dry these all cooled down now
he's like I feel good baby let's play no
well do your nails new your nose your
nails and through your nose updates
updates updates now I'm just trying to
come up with update the pond is the most
beautiful pond ever now like you guys
remember when this was just the dirt
hole in the ground like literally we
just cut the grass for the first time so
pretty now guys let me let me get a good
shot and it just storms and outs a
little cloudy it's been clear look at
this pawn baby it is ready for summer
going hard this year but I know we're
gonna put trampoline the blob mud is
gonna be the death of me literally we've
been trying to plant grass whatever it's
like it just doesn't grow on it we spent
a whole day seating and strolling and
then the biggest storm it and just like
washed it all the way so ah the seed the
grass seed alone was a thousand dollars
and then the straw was three hundred two
hundred if you're like 1,200 bucks and
then the storm just wiped it
I know I know baby it's just like it's
just normal life things happen crap
happens who's this hi baby
she's such a she's so fun right now so
much life so much energy
oh sweet box Cora hey get on a junebug
dead junebugs look at this crazy guy
look at this guy you got the life right
here tux you are living the life looks
like he's falling from the sky how dare
you touch me I am a cat you understand
that I'm above all animals I'm the king
of the jungle
he's so offended you know he's like why
do you talk to me like this huh say it
to the world
Kim Cora get him Cora kitty cat and
there he goes this is Cannes baby right
here literally these cats follow Kane
everywhere there's like I've never seen
cats like this he goes to the bathroom
they wait at the door he goes to bed
they wait at the door he plays his
computer most of the time they're in the
same room or under his desk or just like
that he'll sit right there with Kane is
crazy
oh so I'm sure a lot of one of the
biggest topics right now for us is after
almost 10 years Brittany and I are
officially getting married this is crazy
topic because it's been so long it's
been such you know mommy daddy get
married
so now how did it enough anyways
Joaquin's clapping oh so cute I remember
when he was the baby of the house now
look at him
so yeah marriage this is um it's a huge
feat it's it's it's a me like I'm I'm so
excited pumped as you could tell by our
last video the reaction from both of us
was just so are you ready for a few
married
you ready mommy to have our same last
name ready so some details of the
wedding we have now on official date oh
it's coming up week up we have a date
but I haven't booked it it's not the
very last day but we're gonna be doing
it on a beach in a private location a
very small close family will be a part
of this and yeah like super super select
the smallest wedding ever on the beach
which is something we've always wanted
to do as a beach wedding way before we
were ever gonna get married we always
talked about having a beach wedding so
we're trying to pull that off and it's
gonna be be into July which is like
right around the corner
but not really that's the perks to keep
it a small keep a small keep at all
that's the theory so yeah we're like
palm I have so many I feel like I want
to do we have to go get hurt one course
one jana vlog no matter what we have to
here's the crease verse she has to let
this thing go for like five days if they
rush it five days because they have to
resize the Rings a little too big here
and we have to order or get our you have
to pick out mine simple mine's like a
rubber boy wants me you're right yeah on
you so like some regular life things we
got to take her ring in which is like to
give this thing up for even a day's
gonna March she's got to give it up for
five days while they resize it
and then I have to obviously I'll start
wearing once we're married a ring which
is crazy I wear any jewelry nothing no
necklace I'm never wore jewelry so my
simple like I'm happy like the machine
that you put like quarter in and you
turn it and ring comes out that's mine
so many distractions in this house now
black black
I want to black like a black rubber ring
something that's stretchy if I get my
hand cotton something just breaks I'll
wear whatever you get me but just keep
it simple keep it simple you don't want
all the kiss method keep it simple
stupid did you just call me stupid no no
that's just a method yes so weddings
coming up very soon we're not doing the
whole like engagement forever I want to
get married ASAP so that's what we're
doing we're getting no fat no waiting
around boom
husband okay so there's another update I
feel like we've updated pretty well
today for being gone for a while um
please today
comment some of the things that you
would like updated on that we haven't
covered today because I really want to
just update you guys let us let you know
that we're all alive and we happy who am
i watching for ya all day usually she
gets up on his computer King picks it
picks are back here all day long just
like this speak of the devil came picks
her up moves her goes back to his desk
our players sometimes is that the
roadblock is that the roadblock oh do
you go me getting basking you know
hearing just like three more weeks it's
over she's gonna be on your desk doing
one of them fortnight dances really she
wants to walk so bad this is one more
step one more it's funny you never
expect as you get older that the
highlights of your day change whatever
it was it's probably gonna change the
the highlight for me is these moments
where I hear where she's not running
around all over the house where you
can't even get a hug from her you can't
even get a minute because she's so in
her own world but these are the moments
right here the best time sorry you
actually get the love and the little
heat she's like a heater she puts me to
sleep I bet I could possibly before her
if I try hi hi baby humpty-dumpty she's
tough good old Ohio back at it again so
when we got back from our China trip I
could see all the way through these
trees and that was just two weeks ago
all woods now it's completely green
thanks to the rain has benefit yeah
spring showers bring those May flowers
girl yeah so you're switching into our
early evening by the way the LED light
is for the nose like that true sign of
getting old right here nose ear trimmer
he knows her he just gets like I hate
him I wanna get rid of them I never used
one of these out pain so I try it all I
think is that scene all night at the
Roxbury where they're gonna now I was
talking to not you oh my god it sounds
like I'm cut trees down
ah is it working oh I can smell better I
mean I can smell everything right now
that baby cot seriously I can know this
I get it
cheat the hobo when I was in there a
long time trimming she gonna pass out
this girl's beat poor birthday no no
okay mommy's getting core to bed she's
about to pass out gonna play some port
night all right I'm gonna go out my
office be ready be ready spaghetti
- good night bye love blah blah blah
blah blah blah sternum ain't nothing
yeah cause she knows his bedtime I'll
see you out there okay so working out to
my office it's crazy Kane Britney and
myself there's only nine people left
actually six minus us yes who knows what
will actually happen I think I know so
it is just gonna be a fortnight night
we're gonna hang out as a family play
some gays and we will be going live on
our twitch channel as a family very soon
so if you don't follow us on Twitter out
and that's I think all I got for today
this is my family right here my good old
family so what we should be doing when
there's only six people left and I
dropped I ah
there was only two got no there's four
guys left we died just a heads up I
didn't ah that's the worst when you're
building you fly all the way off and I
killed myself
come on a real note guys thank you so so
much for being a part of this family
like everything we've done some of
you've been following us for so many
years I just realize like I'm coming up
on I think I started YouTube in 2009 ish
so we're coming up close to like
literally it's gonna be 10 years next
year it's insane I feel like I just
started like sometimes people are like
how long you've been blowing oh my god
just a couple years then it's no I had a
really long time thank you for being up
as some of you have been here since
before I had a vlog channel so thank you
thank you from the bottom of my heart I
always say thank you keep your head up
stay positive more blogs rolling out
we're gonna we're gonna pump out a bunch
of vlogs in between our next movie and
yeah let's have fun with it thank you
guys so much more beautiful you're one
of a kind don't forget that small
you
