guys welcome to the vlog today is
incredibly sunny here slobber on my face
today is insanely exciting for me and
the family in the house and the company
and something that we've been looking
forward to for a long time it's finally
happening today and tomorrow I've been
telling you about this I'm super hyped
the wait is over I'm about to show you
exactly what we're doing I don't even
know where to start man so much going on
let's just do it
come on let's go Mike see I'm a Mike on
you ready go out with me dude they're
here rock n roll let's do it
Brittany still getting ready so I'm
gonna take you out here now let's go you
get all this fixed and then some guy
shows up and destroys your yard what's
your name my bad bro hey no big deal
come on do the whole yard yo are you
ready for this what is this I gotta run
out here I'll be back ok here just
change it they want me to change shirts
I bet I can't wear this Wow good for the
cameras because it might alright guys so
I've been telling you for a week that
something's going on in here what's up
guys what are you doing here dude you're
just like you look creepy
that's nice camera
that's my new vlog camera all right guys
so over the last couple weeks I have
been telling you to guess what we're
doing in this building and we have some
special guests with us today we've got
actually how should I reveal this what
should I do
I feel like this is a lot of like I'm so
excited right now we've got Brett and
Wayde from Animal Planet's tank here to
put this crazy tank in our smile more
store you you guys don't even understand
mine you just on your phone like you
don't even most texting you yeah oh
thanks you guys have no idea how excited
I am like I've seen every episode of
your show and
Britany and I'll use delay and watch his
show before like we had a tank ourselves
yeah so for you guys to be here as a
super honor and we're soon you're
getting tanked tanked you're gonna have
a beautiful aquarium meows are you sure
I've seen the show dude okay so thank
you guys for coming
what's up dude this isn't a first timer
all right she was here waiting for my
plane she was here when how he was here
shooting so she knows the place the only
thing that sucks and you guys gonna be
really mad at me I can't show you the
tank today or tomorrow but the show goes
up within five weeks right five weeks if
it doesn't leave me Network it's not me
guys it's not me I tried I tried
everything's been happening super quick
today it's hard to even keep up with the
vlog camera because I'm on camera for
their show so it's kind of like
multitasking and just lots of people
working what are you doing up not
playing
you're not playing pinball go be sign
later this is more exciting man they're
gonna lift the aquarium and stand
everything out with this guy yo you
should let Brittany Drive
yeah I think bris should pull the tank
out dude oh my god get out get out get
out get out no no yeah you know to drive
into the ditch yo come over here
actually let's come back here I'm gonna
be honest with you guys like I'm
containing my excitement on this vlog
like it has been equal to one like
you're a kid and you're waiting for
Christmas morning that's how I felt for
about a month now like every damn it's
so excited for this and I'm trying not
to show it on the mall too much but I'm
going crazy you know I'm wrong crazy I
know the TV shows no usually it's like
oh yeah yeah doing I'm not gonna lie
that's how I thought this was I really
did I thought they were gonna show up a
crew is gonna come bring the tank no
it's Wayde Brett and their team doing
everything their hands on holding the
tank pulling out with a forklift they
are doing it all awesome I love it look
it Todd looking like it acting like he's
doing something
this is the stand they're bringing out
the stand
you like it you see the tank
that's the fish tank
talk to me Todd there's a lot of
plumbing there's a lot look all the
products
there's a lot of pieces to the puzzle
for our fish tank it's not that easy
it's not we got a lot of pieces and we
got to put the puzzle together
is it crazy Oh ain't Crazy's a good word
for it
all right look this is actually my tank
this year right here just for the
catering this is this is the real the
real positive side look at that one the
yellow on good and you guys have to eat
food to not just cookies
is it good for me the good thing is
Fischer in town
all right we're moving along Wade right
I need you you guys come on we're
working you get you guys ready you guys
ready for this everybody everybody likes
this room this is the room of the house
right here I need I need you guys to hop
in yeah have some fun man you guys need
to take a load off
and we suite we cycle out the balls flat
balls for real we got work we gotta film
listen I do perceive where you go are
you guys ready I'm very cool you steal
it from me Oh where's the key that's not
good
you had it last we got a little downtime
here they're doing a bunch of interviews
and things on camera
we are just goofing off can you take a
little ride where you had it while I was
in China hot dog in hot doggin hey
mommy's looking a bit ki am i running
here what you got no I'm put my hand in
no magnet yet respective Oh
what inch it's nothing Wow
it's a soap do go ahead and sick your
hand first you can put your hand in here
like right there oh there's nothing okay
yeah don't snap it
I just don't snap it you wait you might
want to read this what to say use with
extreme caution
everything says that what do you mean
it's dead I'll put the charger on it
the razors dude this thing's been having
problems with that battery where's that
charger sorry I don't know why I'm
vlogging this sorry Keener's daddy I'll
charge it up look at you miss mechanic
yeah
hope this has some juice some Juicy
Juice is shocked sure this may be the
last time I see you dude take care of
the pig here in the pinball machine okay
hey I love you
you think you can pull Noah you're gonna
try to pull no on that chair here we go
oh you got it his weight overpowers you
who do you want your face it's stuffy
tell them what I just did
inside the aquarium ha ha me Cain and
Noah got inside the aquarium all right
guys we're warping past a little bit of
time tonight
today has been incredibly insane I think
more for us then you I'm a little
disappointed that I haven't got to show
you the tank and I believe me I fought
for it extremely hard all day and it's
just a no-go
so be page that the tank is unbelievable
like I can't like I was a little
speechless today how about you way
crazier than I expected
it was literally I expected something we
can achieve bird cheesier but it was
just like this insane honestly feel like
such a letdown today because of the
build-up on this tank and and I'd have
had to hide this from you guys for
months like I couldn't say nothing
they've been you know redesigning the
building and adding walls and digging
the concrete out and there's so much
build-up for this and then today
literally this morning you can't film
the tank until it airs that part just
crushed me like crushed to me because I
I've vlog so you guys can see what we're
doing
I couldn't show you the tank so it's not
long at least it's not like most TVs
like oh that's gonna air six months from
now no up until five weeks it could be
in two weeks
to be in three weeks so it's not bad
thanks for understanding I fought for
you guys all day and
just can't have it it would ruin the
show if I showed it to you so other than
that we're exhausted
beat I got up weight earlier than I'm
used to getting up and and then we
worked all day we were on TV all day we
were miked we were on cameras we were I
was trying to vlog in it's just it was
uh let me just tell you it's a dream for
me to be doing that today like that show
we've seen every episode of the show and
when we were getting miked up it like
hit me I was like holy crap we're gonna
be on that show that we like sit down
watch all the time yeah it's gonna be so
crazy even even harder hiding it from
you guys because it was like man I don't
not explain it
life's awesome if you keep working and
just push forward man don't ever go
backwards I feel like you're not been in
the shop no it's my fault I'm a little
exhausted we're gonna add it get some
sleep and yeah we'll see you tomorrow
guys thanks so much for hanging out and
we love you so much I'm really tired and
start putting no to bed but keen to then
now I'm gonna put you to bed good daddy
- babe I love you guys beautiful you're
one of a kind smile more oh this thing's
a great
I'd say another like 2-3 hours of this
