hey hey hey guys welcome to can you
start my vlog hey guys hey guys forget
it sorry hey guys welcome to the bar hey
guys Roman Edwards hey coming have a
good time
hey guys I'm Roman Atwood welcome to the
blog okay I'm Rubin airboats welcome to
the V log hey guys hope you're having an
awesome day we are still in China
absolutely beautiful day and it is my
last day I actually go to the airport at
2 o'clock
have to go home now I've been really
enjoying this man this has been really
fun
I finally adjusted to the time change
and now we're leaving
I slept one hour 30 minutes we were
walking up to the Forbidden City and
we're going in to the forbidden see that
only they were bidden ATM you know what
I learned something on this trip have
you ever been like out and you see like
people visiting the country and they're
always taking pictures that's us that's
us here you don't want to get doors like
this on my house I think that grows
bigger than my house this is the
Forbidden City look at this the
structure size dude these are
unbelievable and are all over the place
they were so rattled she was like 1406
is when they built this entrance some
massive that doors did you weren't even
born yet dude no no I was like a rock or
something rock so many people here she
said 80,000 people a day come visit this
look at this dude Road this place you
know I mean and all his wives yeah this
is the house so they were allowed to
have many girls multiple that is a very
strong man very strong I can barely date
wallet but so you can have a hundred you
could have 200 you can have a thousand
you could have 3,000 girls back now so
you see the size of this place look at
this look at this there's no way of no
way to explain it
how awesome would it be to be able to
watch a time-lapse from start to like
now of this area history with Rome and
history with Roman dude time lapse time
lapse history would be insane just this
staircase a time lapse of the whole life
this must be the forbidden area this is
oh you're not even allowed to go in over
to the guy with a row
the only guy that's allotted there's the
janitor he can Mambo I feel like I'm at
a Bieber concert right now like we can't
get past I love this guy right here
rocking the easies imagine carving this
but you can't there's no room for
mistakes you start over when you get
halfway you accidentally make a mistake
look at this as a tree in love right
there two trees fell in love and they
became one okay you know crazy that
would be in the States to just be
playing with your baby in the backseat
I'm gonna miss China man I could spend a
lot of time here
and he didn't even get to see the
coolest parts what do you mean like this
is just amazing
there's that this was the coolest part
hanging out with you guys I'm gonna miss
our tour guys the concrete jungle I'm
really gonna miss our tour guide
curtains when I heard yeah Street I did
a road in doors yeah this is the new
stuff dude that you have to charge him
though if the charger cants we have
found watches all kinds of beautiful
beautiful so what's your name no dude
you're awesome he said he just spent
three days looking for me yeah of all
places in the watch shot right and he
just helped me negotiate a deal so thank
you hi guys I want you like us know that
Roma is very welcome and famous in China
to the Asian fans I hope we can get
Roman have his tour in Asia I
the normal receipt oh I'm so happy to
meet Roman that's so nice so nice Wow
hey man can't you realize all the
violence we Chinese he wrote it in
English oh my god we just went into the
twilight zone that do what just happened
like I started spinning everything went
dark and I woke up we're all wearing who
watches we just spent so much money see
you brother see you back in Ohio Jimmy
dude so great hanging out with you John
you guys have been absolutely amazing
I'm gonna miss all of you
peace all right thank you so much thank
you
yo see you dude yeah man have fun we are
going home guys it's gonna take a long
time to I really hope this is the right
terminal all the doors are blocked and
closed that's not good
ooh we're good we're good we got this we
got this we come home oh yeah all right
guys we've made it through security
we're on our way home the crazy thing
it's like a 13-hour flight and it's a
12-hour time change so I think almost an
entire day is just gonna flash in front
of my eyes which means I'm gonna miss a
vlog which stinks
there's no way around it I'm gonna be on
a plane happy to be going home no I had
a great time China you're awesome
here she is oh man
because we have made it back to America
I am in Detroit there was no straight
flights from Beijing to Ohio so I have
one more flight which I kind of just
want to skip entirely and get home
welcome to the jungle baby this is
actually really cool every time I come
through this Airport it's it's different
colors I feel like every time
one more plate one oh it's changing
that's awesome I'm starting to get a
little loopy you guys you guys know how
I get when I get Luke yeah I just I'm
delirious I've been up and on a plane
for 13 hours and now I'm in Detroit and
to recheck my bags go through customs US
customs and I'm so close to my family
but I'm so far away
here we are here we are
my baby
was everybody act you clean the garage I
gotta get my suitcase where's Noah where
is Noah is he hiding where's he hiding
now are you serious is he under this big
you know
Zeus miss me yay did your crazy get out
of here oh god I mean miss me he wants
to play all right so I'm home and I'm
give us some gifts a little bit of gifts
I got hey I got fun guys I just want to
say thank you for going to China with me
thanks for coming back with me I got
home last night kind of just shut down
like shut off the camera squeeze my
family to death like we were just
inseparable last night oh oh my
battery's dying
we got start a new day oh we were back
in Ohio we're back at the house we're
here all week and we're doing something
that I have dreamed about this week so I
hope you'll join me come along we'll see
you tomorrow we love you smile more
you're beautiful good I'm not no break
no break Jimmy no break dude
this is so awesome
