hey guys welcome to the vlog we are in
the well if you missed yesterday's for
we're in China we are in China right now
I've had about two hours of sleep I did
however figure out how to upload to
YouTube so there was a vlog yesterday
and hopefully this vlog goes up okay
we're moving baby moving and grooving
like two hundred US dollars turned into
eleven hundred and eighty eight UN's you
ons UN's think I'm saying that right
hopefully let's do this oh we get this
again yeah we get this again today
the weather is perfect
Zeus oh he heard me Zeus Zeus how'd you
get the chart I'm trying to figure out
the best way to explain to you guys what
we are doing today Joe maybe you can
help me stop playing that stop let me
let me play it let me play it this is me
singing in John snapchat you ready help
me out help me out buddy what are we
doing here man what are we doing amazing
when your manager calls and says you
have to go to China I explained to him
what am i doing I just really want to
see China
oh come stop plum stop what up ah here
we are
yeah do what's going on here man red
carpet is our what does this mean
everyone everyone everyone everyone
awesome these little guys The Wonderful
Wizard of Oz I feel like uh spring cool
let me try my best to explain what I'm
doing here in China imagine there is no
Facebook there is no Google there is no
Twitter no YouTube no snapchat most of
the things that we know and love and use
every day they don't have in China they
do have their own social media so here's
what happens China has their own
versions of social media when the
largest company in China offers to fly
me here to personally meet with them
that's why I'm here to be completely
honest I was hesitant about it and I was
like for weeks I was like yeah I don't
know I don't know I don't know and then
my manager was like straight up like
dude if you've ever listened to me in
your entire career I think you should go
on this so I'm here and I'm checking it
out I'm about to do a speech on stage
and then we are free to explore China
and Paul we can do it we can pack it up
now you got the shot we got the pic so
we're good thanks for having us and we
will we will see you later
goodbye yeah we gotta go so you guys
know I'm pretty tired today I got about
two and a half hours of sleep so they
got me a Chinese Red Bull look at this
look at this this is awesome
Chinese rideable it's either a can of
motor oil or you're gonna let me they
have a climbing wall
gift to get a plane I have to use a
blade for the top there is about today
so even better this is awesome oh yeah I
don't know nothing about that just just
so I'm clear this cat has its own office
is that what I'm looking at here an
entire office dedicated to this cat
what's the cat's name
bitchy you know some Red Bull Red Bull
this cat has 200,000 followers on their
social media alright red bow in China is
not red bow in the US there's no
carbonation it's almost like an apple
juice it's good but it's it's not the
Red Bull that we know well that one's
not me that's a girl that's a lady
oh these are works of art look at that
and I bring this is what I do I bring my
viewers everywhere I go you guys won't
say I talk Sunkist I believe Coca Cola
sprite coke Zero so of course they got
an awesome slide in their building I
have to go do that dude I got to do I
know we're doing it but can we go right
now I'm gonna make a fool out of myself
you ready
all right we are in an outward um we did
a speech on stage in front of some not
exactly sure who they were all with but
uh it was pretty fun but for me to take
a photo you have to take a photo with me
everybody say cheese
okay wait for the flesh make it make it
face make your face yep
did it flash
oh it's video this is a mall dude this
is a mall look so massive I can't
explain sure doesn't look as big on
camera but I want to go like underground
and Chinese stores like one year
where's the Chinese I've never seen this
what is that
are you gonna ride that that looks so
fun oh my god there it is I'll just find
your just sit down at a China it looks
like to me this is where we go it's
called a Japanese steakhouse where I
live because they cook food in front of
you so here we are grabbing a quick bite
to eat I suck with chopsticks
straight up lettuce I know it's going
bad I don't like to say this state was
just a gonna try this this is a look I
mean it's really cool it's an egg cooked
inside and then this is caviar
it's pretty interesting I don't really
know what to expect
put a salty egg like very salty why go I
go five calves yours per scoop actually
the caviar is really good yeah it pops
in your mouth right Fawlty Oh the Kevlar
is really good
yeah it is I like that you're sleeping
on it oh that's good
what you drinking cooking that octopus
here's all the stores in this mall oh my
god just being honest here we want Jimmy
and I have this we want to go get my
booty how do I say this this mall is
very Americanized pretty much all the
stores that we have in America Calvin
Klein Apple polyster want to walk down a
sketchy Chinese alley where you don't
feel that comfortable and everyone's
looking at weird food and I'm hoping
that you just protect me the whole time
and I'm gonna protect you
you're sketchy underground club where
there's tiny blue the plan everyone is
just a movie and they're drinking
Chinese drinks I'm looking for like the
fake Rolex watch this is a baby that's
pretty cool after Chinese so I'm gonna
take you on an adventure I don't want to
go where everything's Americanized I
want to take you to the real China how
do I get a Vespa or a moped or what is
this how do I get one of these we have
officially just left all our translators
we no longer have any way to communicate
bring it man everybody this guy just
like bye guys
well they're telling the driver where to
go and we're just gonna go we're just
gonna do it the way we're winging it
baby
be good
Oh Jimmy you okay buddy you okay buddy
we have officially made after about an
hour and 20 minute car ride this is it
this is real
look at this building this is what we
were looking for everything still look
dude these are pumps you remember these
oh my gosh the actual pumps you wanna
rock some serious style tonight dude
I feel like they're 9s they're my size
you just get so much respected which
ones do I tread Oh Nike watch a yeah
there's squirrels
oh he's awesome look at all the
squirrels you know I just found the
coolest store do play this this is my
type of place
look Legos you don't want to get lost
back here check these guys out
they got it Oh wanna play or not you're
gonna play a level look nervous
they look like they're good yeah come on
I'll help you out how they're giving us
our tickets come on come on it's
extremely difficult to get anywhere
because we can't speak the language
there's a huge barrier let's go yeah so
dude in the cab just trying to rip us
off so bad that he pulled over when we
got out of the car dude what even just
happen I'm so confused I'm so compute we
just got out like oh yes we try to get
American and it's not even we're not
even going for because it's worth way
more so the cab driver was so slick he
kept he kept letting he kept asking to
show us the money but he would put it in
his hand and he was sleight of hand we
just found out he took one of my 50s and
did he get one for me only he got it
so we just he just snatched a hundred
bucks right in front of our eyes the
right side that's only like $18 yeah
because it was Chinese so but he got it
but he got he Yanis man look how easy
that was for him picked up feeling it
out like feeling the money and then
taking it yeah switching it he's like
good what makes no sense but try to get
it to stay so like he was begging us he
was gonna keep taking money three three
miles forget about
- all right cab number two here we go
we're giving in wrong
yeah keyword think we're on the move my
friends okay all right I'm danger my
life
worst series don't what will they cover
it up her Senate seat belts or going
fuck to one mile per hour like the
Mercedes earlier I don't know if
anything was beeping I am reaching a
point of exhaustion Western Europe
a little giggly you know you start
giggling when you're tired yeah I don't
be that guy but we're livin la vida loca
Jimmy
hey Jimmy
this traffic is insane
all I wanted was a fake Rolex you're
nothing like don't get me wrong where we
went was cool not worth three hours of
travel for just no fake Rome all the way
no fake rollory miles away three hours
of travel for anybody that thinks you
have bad traffic there's what third 2030
million people in Beijing so this is
what traffic really looks like
y'all trying so hard for this Face Swap
to worse right now I'm trying to
faceswap
other people it just ain't working room
crew he's not looking it's not like he's
on this matter dude he's on this phone
yeah
oh this would be such a good Facebook
holy crap guys I'm crashing so hard I
hate to do this to you
ah it's been about two days on very very
little sleep so it's gonna happen so I
think the best thing to do right now is
Brittany actually vlog today at the
house and she sent the footage I'm gonna
put that in let you guys catch up on
what's going on at home I have no idea
what she sent me yet so I'm gonna start
editing that probably grab like an hour
nap maybe a hot bath and we will
continue to squad thanks guys here's a
little bit of home hi guys I thought I
would vlog for a little bit for you guys
to see what we're doing back at the
house there is a bird stuck in our
garage did you go you don't know did you
see up there is oh okay so this is how
we we're zeus our daddy's not home
so when you don't wear Zeus out at night
he just brings you his ball for like an
hour like he just sits it in front of
you and then looks at you it stares at
you so you throw it like in the house
this is good how to wear zeus out and
pay no
lay down there you go you get he gets so
fluffy like once winter is over and he
like still has his winter coat look at
that so I really need to sit here for
like an hour to brush him outlet are you
tired
you want some water come on let's go get
some water big boy yes did I wear you
out
I love how his balls in his food bowl to
put mine on with you alright I got coral
or pink as you call it how they look
silly we love you and can't wait to see
Roman he'll be home really really soon
and we have a really big surprise next
week so it should be really fun so I'll
see you guys soon bye guys I think I got
a call today hope you guys don't mind
I'm gonna call it a day man I am
exhausted I want to keep fighting it I
want to keep going but by the time I get
this edited get it up upload it it's
just gonna be like I'm gonna be a zombie
so I want to have fun tomorrow we are
taking a three-hour drive
early morning well at least they said
it's three hours up to the Great Wall of
China which is something I've always
dreamed to see so I'm pumped about that
and of course I'll be bringing you guys
along you guys have been incredible
absolutely insane I have been putting
stuff on snapchat so if you want to
check those out doing it I've been kind
of live vlogging during the day so I
love you forgive my zombified voice in
my my lack of energy
thank you for everything man this trip
has been really cool for me and
definitely an eye-opener and I hope you
guys use what I am doing as inspiration
because I had nothing before all of this
and this has all been because of my
efforts and just keep pushing maybe just
keep pushing I love you we will see you
tomorrow keep a big old smile on your
face your beautiful smile mine we have
made it to shine look at this building
we have no idea what you go
