hey guys welcome to our house welcome to
the vlog hello beautiful hello beautiful
mama hello beautiful at least your has
shown the pink ones here's the thing we
got a series we got a serious topic
uh-huh what's up dude came what's up
dude hey it's pinball Todd fish tank top
what's up what's the matter
come on bring them into my life water
softener yeah when you're down stare to
clown I don't yes what was that okay
we'll get that taken care of there's a
bigger okay I'm gonna get salt I'm gonna
get salt mama we have a problem do you
see the pants that I'm wearing
very loose very baggy because about five
or six pairs of my pants as of yesterday
have been shrunken to the size of like
Noah could wear have that happen how'd
that happen how did they got little fat
maybe I gained weight that's what
happens what happened
I know Britney is is queen of shrinking
clothes but you've been doing the
laundry lately and my clothes don't fit
so here's the issue Rhonda do you want
to take over laundry laundry duty
because Britney shrinks them I'll mess
everything up
mom I'll shrink some and now all my
pants and I have to leave tomorrow I
have nothing look this is my last pair
I'm not even kidding
I'm not embarrassed
I'm not mind embarrassed I don't know
how else I can do your laundry I don't
have wart I want new dry your pants but
I would you dried on me always hang on
my hang on no she told me that I had to
do me never listen to Brittney when it
comes laundry I had to ever I had to
hang all the shirts and all the
sweatshirts and everything against bring
them I was like hey this is a cool new
shirt cane guy it was my old shirt it's
a shirt I used to wear I let her wash
one time that's all right
I'm not mad at you love you all here's
the issue I have to leave tomorrow when
I'm very crazy trip
yeah those used to be my pants right
there a small pants yeah so so this is
what I used to wear long story short
Noah and I are gonna go take off and try
to find some it's not gonna be that
exciting maybe it'll be exciting with my
boy yeah you want to go
I don't know sure are you going with you
to buy clothes and you're gonna buy me
some Mongo of course I'll buy you some
it's a shopping spree so no one are
taking off me and my man high five
we're out of here we'll see you guys on
the other side
I'll see you soon I'll see you soon baby
we got some beautiful weather today it's
finally where it's supposed to be in a
very last minute crazy trip I've been on
the phone all day trying to figure this
stuff out we are headed up to get some
clothes hopefully with my man Noah so
where am I going it's a it's uh maybe we
should play a little game out of this
I'll give you a hint
I believe if I'm correct there is no
Facebook here there is no Twitter there
is not even YouTube where I'm going
does this sound crazy it sounds like
another planet right like who doesn't
have those no no we'll make you a little
fun I'll tell you of course where I'm
going but let's make a little fun out of
it try to guess where I'm going
hope you're hungry we're gonna eat
eating your hands we're gonna grab some
quick food real quick and then we're
gonna go find some clothes this is this
is a storyline vlog man we have a
mission get clothes you need clothes too
let's close up these girls because she's
cheese burger egg rolls cheeseburger
Apryl watchful Roberta I guess I think
ketchup would be good right it's
cheeseburger
in a that's good don't see too much
cheese I know that's what I was gonna
say too much cheese but right now I love
cheese I love cheese
yeah you could drink this things were
strong
alright let's skip the eating thing we
always do and get to the mission we have
one mission today you guys know what it
is get pudding
we need pudding we are at the Polaris
Fashion Mall so what do I do when I need
clothes believe it or not a lot of
people you guys asked like where do you
get your clothes where do you get I only
wear black usually black clothes I'll
show you where I get my clothes usually
it's all very very cheap extremely cheap
I am guilty of a couple nice things
these shoes are kind of nice I haven't
like a nice belt and these I got for my
movie premiere so that was like an
excuse most of my clothes like $20 pants
from $10 sure I'll show you yeah $10 for
a shirt
look $9.99 t-shirts baby black t-shirts
I actually have the sweater but it's the
green version yeah so yeah I usually
come to these stores like H&M look
$12.99 did now I just buy shirts cuz I
know I'm gonna destroy them or Mama's
gonna shrink own I just moved too quick
and do too much to like care I don't
know I'm just never really cared about
my clothes too much I like to look good
I think I get serious get serious
should I go crazy and get something like
this I don't know man I don't know if I
would maybe maybe for some weird thing
knows my stylist not black v-neck $6.99
that's what I'm talking about this is
like how many black musics do I have to
I don't even need anymore here's my
biggest problem straight up I hate
shopping for clothes hate it like I
dread it I don't want to try anything on
I hate going into a dressing room I just
I'm so bad at it so I left with pretty
much everything that you don't have to
try on although I did get a pair of
pants one pair I just guessed that
they'll fit I got socks and things you
have to try what is it squishy guys all
right you want some shoes right see if
we can find you some shoes a little bit
we're getting distracted we're getting
distracted we're officially fully
distracted no we need a lady with us
it's the only magnet shopping done
which ones you want man which ones you
think in these right paint you'd be fast
as lightning
I don't find anything oh these are nice
alright this is why I miss you being
little look at that look at that oh my
gosh we should get a pair for Zeus okay
no we got his shoes I got one outfit
that's not bad that's not bad I don't
know if it's mission complete
it's not bad I have the best friends in
the world man like I'm supposed to leave
early morning ain't John the guy that
does my hair every single time I just
called him out of like literally last
minute and he's like come over dude I'll
cut your hair so huge took my guy John
always hooking me up I want to give you
guys another hand where I'm going where
am I going but I feel like no matter
what I say it's just gonna give it up
right away look at my head you're just
gonna know if you don't already know
because the first thing I said was huge
it was huge huge most of you're gonna
know as soon as I say this but if you
watch this channel a long time you'll
know what one of my favorite types of
foods are that's a huge head of where
not all superheroes wear capes but you
definitely have a cave you're just lucky
you gonna put an arts on you I'm lucky
you have been famous I'm so sorry I feel
so bad they're back on he's danced yeah
you had this pants on do dope don't
trick me don't make me get a guilt trip
me well I got eyes for you for me yeah
what does that mean yeah
alright John has a crazy hat for you
what'd you say the other world's largest
dam the world's largest dam world's
largest dam how do you know that is he
studied it's gone forever we don't
really need to discuss it here it is did
it come off my head guys that is a solid
white that's a cat hair is that come on
my head no he loved I would say it's
yours but it's too long to be yours
am I going gray is it that time already
times flying man I think they're ours
I've seen song I'm just joining the club
big line hey at least this hair thing
did give us a man bun go back actually I
think I did I think in like sixth grade
I had it's almost like flattening out
like a flattop hold on
really look oh nice dude pant pant it's
not plural just one pant all right
what's the ho I was giving you a bug did
you miss me I mean nvf hope you guys are
having an awesome day I know we've been
running around little rambly today and a
little sporadic we have this is this
trip I'm gone
last second hey what's a hint I could
give them of where I'm going that won't
give it away stinky stink stir I like it
I love it the leaving don't leave daddy
photo tonight I gotta put my little
rascals to bed I'm gonna put myself to
bed oh no oh no it is that stinking time
when you have to shut your eyes get a
little sleep so you feel good tomorrow
right on time mr. Xu's oh he knows I'm
leaving he knows he he does that face
that one where he doesn't look at you at
all I didn't film it today but I did the
big RC truck in the yard he ran for 20
solid minutes he almost killed the
battery on the truck he he went full
speed so he's been dead all day he was
painting for like the time of his life I
love you like a son love you so much
have fun while I'm gone I'm only going
for 300 days I'll make it as quick as
possible yes here's the thing if you
sleep the entire time
it won't even seem like I wasn't gone
just the speed time up times won't fast
enough enjoy it
daddy's always with you this she's
sleeping under the bed oh he's upset
that I'm leaving Zeus Zeus look at me
Zeus I'm sorry I'm sorry why you playing
hard to get
I I gotta get back in and everything
finished up I love you Oh cry club let's
go Zeus come on boy it's good to be
missed
did I love you so much
you the man King roasting potatoes in my
bed is definitely not going to bed hey
wow I love you oh so hard dude
you know pow blow mom off I love you so
so much
you'd be super good for mommy okay okay
guys that is gonna do it for this vlog
and something funny yesterday you guys
know I missed yesterday's vlog I did
film something funny Britt had made all
these chocolate-covered strawberries for
her cousin's birthday party that we went
to yesterday and spent the entire day
there so she had me get him out of the
fridge outside and I played this little
prank on her where I pretended to drop
one of the Jay super simple super silly
but I filmed it here it is
the reason I'm telling you this is
because I know if you're watching at
this point you're you really watch the
vlogs and you actually care about what I
do we spent the whole day at Laurie's
families and you know it's just a place
that I didn't film it was it was all
family that never been in the vlogs and
you know it's just something that I
didn't film so here's the other hard
part I am traveling to a very far place
it's like a 20-hour flight so there's
another chance that I will miss more
vlogs over the next couple days so bear
with me
I am trying and know I'm trying to vlog
just know that I do miss a vlog I am
filming all of it and it will go up it
just may be delayed or it may be you
know where I'm at is totally opposite
timezone where I am now so it's just
different weird and a lot of flight
travel and we'll make it happen guys I
love you thanks for all the love the
support we will see you tomorrow
hopefully smama oh where am I going tell
me in comments
