so other than that like everything's
good and financially we're doing great
okay did I even paid in two weeks first
of all that's a lie I paid you for fine
he's good
you're not even YouTube anymore I am on
YouTube dude I wanted to try something
new before I come back the blog and like
duh I'm going back washing those dishes
i sweating I know where he's at bro I
had to sell my drone that's where you
got the dirt because you buried my cat
my cat like why is everybody freaking
this is good like a good break and we
created we had success we film in 90
minute video that was success that's
hard to do so everybody cheer up smile
baby like this is a good day you want to
take a little break before your break
almost have enough money to buy the van
what's it like your dad he's got this
bad for sale yeah right no you better go
see your dad bull crap that's a lot you
are liar Oh
no way dude are you serious dude I told
you I was gonna help you out of things
went south I think they wait South I
went to Florida I thought you quit
blogging and all that here we go again
so who told you I sell in the car it was
gonna be a surprise I was gonna raise
the money for you I knew it was gonna
help ya is the worst yo knows I paid for
this car
fifty fifteen you have fifteen thousand
or best offer I can fix that that makes
you feel better you think I went eight
eighteen thousand do you think I can get
it I paid cash for this car brand-new
even if you were selling you can't sell
for that but cash is king someone will
pay me for it that what hey oh my god
I'm a young man in a bad dream like this
is so bad yeah but don't you remember
what I said when you bought it if I go
broke this will still be worth it
well I'm going for it okay you can't
sell it it's yours
I paid love for it I'm financially fine
he'll talk to Brittany I talked to
Brittany every day she's on my team I
know that sure why dad I love you yeah I
love you too hey guys applause
everybody's lost her mother like
everybody has lost their mom I did guys
are going do you think like everybody if
we're broke we have no money apparently
all right my dad is trying to sell this
poor vet yeah I bought him no no no
you're not wanna you're one of them and
you're one of those others try and see
how much I could get
I got you that's a Christmas gift what
you can't no no no no I am put that back
in there you donate your money to me all
right I'm fine
I got put that back you will need to
listen okay just because I took me took
a break doesn't mean we're going broke
right everything's good everything's
great in fact everything's never been so
good all right we've had to run together
it's been awesome guys keep your money
okay or donate it just not to me I know
what hospital happen I know it has to we
need to make another we gotta give the
people what they want and this is not
the people it's the reason you guys have
this is from the people baby you know
wallet you just go on a trip on a trip
make an epic movie part two like the
biggest one part two first we had we had
to buy like we went to Dubai like what's
we need something big like huge pack
your bags pack their bags kids I'll be
back I promise okay keep that money
you're gonna need for groceries this
week I'll see you soon
here we go here we go okay I know it's
been a while just do what you always did
talking to the camera I just got a vlog
I just got to do it here we go welcome
to the walk guys to the to the movie
this is number two it's a long blog it's
like a movie it's a blue of blue B I'm a
MOG whatever it is thank you guys so
much for being here thank you so much
for your patience I'm telling you
everything that I pulled off on this
movie i I couldn't done daily vlogging
so thank you so much for allowing this
thank you for your support I want to
start the movie thank you for the love
the likes the shares the comments
anything you can do to this thank you so
much let's go to China baby movie number
two enjoy
are you ready are you are you ready yeah
ready ready all right guys here we are
not we are in where we are right now
Chicago Chicago about to hop on a very
long flight three hours 13 hours what I
do yeah did you hooked us up gonna tell
him to be me
all business Wow
thought you guys said I was broke you
guys said I was broke you got your
business class but are you flying in
style I believe now you're just trying
to prove us wrong and I'm more it's not
moving it's just showing all right well
I mean I'm happy about it
brought up on this flight we're heading
to China now we're in Chicago we've
already flown here this is our flight
holy we can just cut the line you guys
want to just cut the line Group one Wow
thank you excited so the entire trip is
correct kind of crazy the entire trip
what time change takes two days to get
there cuz it's a 12-hour jump from
13-hour flight it's just one bite we
have three flights so it ends up being
with time change like 48 hours it's
crazy 30
yes nuts let's move it let's move it
soldiers look at you guys yeah they
might have a hair salon on the flight
you can get that thing done I already
got you by asked if they even let that
on here and check make sure that hair's
allowed in here I want to check on that
this us why
oh this is nice nice you got your
earbuds ready to rot so how long is this
actually okay distance to destination
six thousand five hundred sixty one
miles Oh
sixty miles per hour how long does that
take hey guys what's up yes cozy oh you
got slippers oh you got the I look at
you y'all live in your living
let's try dude grilled seaweed let's do
it let's do it come on chase good being
a Debbie Downer
I did a video with this kind of can
taste yummy yummy oh my god that's what
my fishy
I literally give this stuff to my fish
it's like eat out of the ocean
I found these on the floor Julian you
try it no but I this chocolate all right
I'm like two rows right there
yeah I'm just right there yeah hey we're
facing backwards looks nice alright guys
are all settled in everybody
yeah they have the whole road everyone
stand up I'm broke well now they're
planning class so hey you know maybe
they reverse psychology
how they
no it's nice
it's although we have this awesome trip
planned out we we have to get there we
have to sit on this flight for hours and
hours and hours it's gonna get a little
boring here so it's quite an interesting
story of how we actually got here I want
to throw you to that we had to get eases
approved because we have a business a
media company we have to jump in a car
last-minute get our visas approved in
New York City so let's take a journey
there and we will jump back here thank
you guys so much for being here let's
start this trip out right and let's go
man so far do you remember how it works
no it's not it's actually yeah you might
as well bring on wait not those I know
but look all right I'll take them I'll
take them that warned them we are check
these out ping-pong balls everywhere all
over the house just typical day in our
house no matter what day it is
no what's up bud see you tomorrow I
gotta go tomorrow we're getting used to
this just see you tomorrow this would be
that's our next t-shirts right there see
you tomorrow all right where's the game
show you put your hair on put your hair
it's hard leaving the kids now that's
the hardest part I'll be back tomorrow
okay I love you hey you won't say hi to
everybody
you gonna let Jason yeah he's like I'll
just get an extra shot back here he's
running he's running
oh no he's doing the other way he's mad
we dropped something nice you two join
us we are at our first stop of this road
trip look these guys look you jealous
the future man you walk you and they got
oh wow that looks good
Pam I think me and you're on the same
page what they can Mickey D's don't get
this do it I'm have to try this right
here breakfast bacon you ever had that I
want Warren give me one sticks but I've
never seen breakfast bacon is a good how
is it I'm getting this I got back up oh
he's gonna get in
turn to country music
Oh Mary losing it no you don't want it
you don't want it you don't want the
rancher bro hey I'm gonna leave leave it
there somebody finds it oh it's eating
Tom hello we've been driving seven hours
eight hours all right
warp into our hotel row we made it oh
geez they're coming off shoes are coming
off got a some point we're staying in
this is Jersey which is close to the
place we have to go to the consulate
Chinese consulate to get our visas
approved and as of now we're not even
approved which is crazy it feels weird
so yeah we're gonna settle in here and I
gotta say it feels so good I spent so
many years traveling by myself before it
was we couldn't it wasn't even an option
like financially it just we couldn't
travel together I feel like it's very
rare that a couple gets to not only work
together but get the travel together and
do what we love together and I feel so
blessed to have that Lee that is
something so special and obviously good
night baby good night so it's a whopping
1055 as a good day we made it we made
all we got to do is work to the morning
and get these visas approved and we'll
be back to China the only place with a
line out the door we made it we made it
long story short presently three months
ago China made a new rule that if you
have a media company like I do you have
to come to New York the only place you
have to come to New York in person to
have your visa approved to go to China
this is all happened last-minute for us
we didn't know we had to do this so here
we are we made it to New York at least
one
wait going to child so the reason we had
to come to New York City is just to be
approved in person to go to China it's
right I don't know I didn't have to do
this last time I went to China but now
apparently if you have media company or
maybe even if you go for business I'm
not sure all the rules but we have to go
here good oh my gosh hey I'll let you in
with all that secondly they indeed like
the same day there either so we can't
even get our visa today and our trip is
just in a couple days so it's really
worrying me the use of cellphones is
prohibited in visa mall please turn off
cell phones before entering you will be
denied access here that guys yeah what
about blog cameras got all our paperwork
our passports which we had to come pick
up because we already sent to New York
just like that the visas were approved
and we have arrived in Beijing boom
let's see me crazy
dude it's 3:23 a.m. at home which means
we usually like to sound asleep like you
should be sleeping right now but here
it's 3:20 p.m. it's a broad daylight
middle of the day ready to rock ready to
party this morning time right no it's no
it's 3:00 in the afternoon so we've just
like completely screw brains the whole
time we were flying in today long is we
know we chased that we chase the Sun
chased it yeah guys we have made it to
Beijing very new so far I'm so excited
woo yeah look look what do you want dude
it's juice it's not like soda its juice
I get one redbull foreigner air
foreigner be who do you not feel like
and I feel like in a foreigner hey all
right mystery who remembers the name of
the vlog of whenever I was here last
I've logged in this Airport before I
wonder what that blog
oMG China Wow oh em gee gone wrong in
the hood you think it was we made it or
we finally made or we finally did it I
made it
read it chase take the automated people
mover I wasn't reading I was reading
that that comes every three minutes it's
gonna push you full-speed ready just you
got to get in no we got to get in here
we're going yeah we got space we got
this that's a perfect fit
Michael I was a nice people mover buddy
you gotta be this is the best people
break my hop off you need to wake up
it's only 4:00 in the morning you watch
out you're gonna go in my Chomper gonna
go much hopper get him country gonna
much
this is the only to start we have to get
our backs we have to read check through
security because we have another
four-hour flight get to our final
destination so this is we're not even
there yet got a long way to go
in a short time to get the Hawaii of
China no I'm leaving yo they're actually
yeah what is that
it's like rights you see like don't look
at the Pringles oh that's awesome
what is that lunch it oh dude those are
giant bugs you guys wanna eat these on
the plane well let's come in the country
he's wait what are these yeah we got
those are like big mealworms dude what
is this this is amazing like we need all
of this so we can like test it here's
doctors I'm assuming duck that's good
for sure
crime scene change tower we're cashing
in 500 USD
and I'll tell you how much
so 500 years he turned into 29 under 29
Honda
we're trying to check in but
everything's done on phones so like if
he needs to ask us something else to
type it on his phone and then show us
then we have to type something back and
show him and it's crazy it's looking for
batteries in there
I never old bags are overweight and
needs to be consolidated if they are
overweight later they will be charged
the language barrier is getting us big
time it's slow communication is it's
they have to type it back and forth
tastes like I'm no batteries in there
what are you talking about bro look at
all this like in the u.s. it's lipo but
here I guess they don't want you to
travel with lithium-ion either yeah okay
we made it through about the our flight
we stopped at this McDonald's let's get
it yo what is that right there it's two
burgers with like two hot dogs on it
look this ain't yours on me it's like a
thick chicken we're sure so you don't
think it's the same
I was wondering about the mayonnaise
what you got here Tarzan yeah
Oh German sausage double beef burger
about oh I don't look like the picture
you don't look like the pitch it wait
where's the boy oh boy
hey you don't have to do this my god
I'll bet it's good a little bra no not
bad good you guys all the same you think
it's the same as home good winner all
right last lost playing baby was there
we're about to get on oh that's one 6:00
in the morning at home 6:30 in the
morning at home at 6:30 p.m. here feels
good oh you just go outside
yeah there's we're gonna play through
this flight it's a four-hour flight and
hopefully so it will sleep a little
hollow asleep a little bit we're just
gonna warp right
oh it's warm
you made it 32 Wow plus muscle two of
our time change how's it feel to be on
the ground I don't know my legs are
surprised
the plane
all right let's go get our stuff thank
you pick up our bags think they made it
this far
Solomon China's true home the hare made
it whole trip all true hey I slap it
into customs test it from fleas American
fleas inside their case you tired dude
now now now it's it's noon at home it's
midnight here support we just screwed up
so bad
just read it
what's this not apple juice we have all
the bags right all of them and Bryan's
over here just waiting for luck
oh we got it all the bags are good you
got my bad
you got we're just waiting up dude
there's nothing left on the belt yep a
bag stuck down somewhere I see some new
Chinese boys there's nothing left
country's got it he'll go get it
all right warp into Wow look at that Wow
dude okay check this out check this out
so we're here we've made it it's after
midnight but this place doesn't even
technically open until the weekends we
have like two days
where's just look at this you bring them
both heads in here yeah like races yo so
that means tomorrow if we want the
waterpark we going in you need what I
need a hair dryer they got dryers in the
room don't you baby goes what I work
here I'm now unemployed so get me
anywhere you ever been in a hotel this
big nobody's here for fun there's
nothing here to break it's brand-new
so usually when I go they're all
abandoned so I'm the only one there dude
the whole mall there's like a mall
inside here it's like everything it's
weird okay we made it to our room guys
this is absolutely insane this is like
the nicest room I've ever been in it oh
the chocolate oh my god it is chocolate
no what is that what is that really
y'all guys start room it's like sunroom
this will be our spot for I'm so excited
right now this is so unreal man like
this is like this is just the closet
what fire escape hood huh put this on no
are you probably probably this is
incredible
Oh a little swimming pool well I was
about getting it's a balcony it's not
long whoa dude the balcony goes all the
way I'm getting ahead of myself this is
that we didn't show the bathroom oh wait
it's just shower shower this balcony
comes all no you know what this is this
is oh my god they're gonna put on it
it's on our room they're gonna put on a
fireworks show these are fireworks
rigged to go off for the grand opening
down
so you have far off of a building like
that
I mean people what if you were to
detonate what if we what if we were like
in our bed laying when these are all
going up that's pretty awesome yeah a
couple days they're gonna the grand
opening of the Atlantis here and Sonya
son am I saying right son yeah Sonya
it's their grand opening so we get to be
here a little early before the opening
and we get the experience the place look
they're like testing all the lights and
stuff down here I wish it was daytime
this is um this is all the ocean so
we're looking at the ocean out here and
then there's a big water park somewhere
out here so it has been an absolute
adventure today a crazy journey I
usually have always hated traveling and
filming like filming travel it's so
repetitive it's like the same thing you
get on a plane and then you show footage
of flying and like by trying my best
I wanted to bring you guys on the entire
experience this week this is going to be
we just got such a journey lined up and
it's gonna be so much fun and this room
for my mind guys honestly like I'm so so
beyond thankful for this all of this
like this is above and beyond anything I
would ever ask for like we didn't ask
for a room at all like this is just
Harry here's your room so should we
start actually you did you did she had
her own room they write together yeah
yeah I wouldn't be good so I think if
you're ready to start day one like our
first day I think we just jumped as day
one we need showers we need to clean up
and we need sleep I'm running on fumes
but I'm ready thank you so much for
joining us on our second 90-minute movie
vlog this is something that has been so
fun to try and and and just do it but
you may get away from that reef
chocolate look at that
that's so pretty that's good I'm gonna
dig in so let's get cleaned up let's
start day one Sun yeah
y'all imagine having an entire waterpark
to yourself today like that is
impossible everyone here to lantus like
you guys need a cart for all your camera
gear you should we know your camera
company you guys are the pros we got the
whole water park baby enjoy it you gotta
lay in it you gotta lay down lay in the
middle you got it you got to scoot up a
little bit there you go enjoy this is
your big day country this is you I just
want to thank you for giving us this car
it sold all our camera gear you know
there's like a three there's like a you
getting like a glass case wait which one
like the water slides are really you
getting this glass tube and as a floor
and then the bottom just drops out and
falls straight down I do not want to do
it
you
on this one we you go through the shark
tunnel
right now we're in that
okay so Julie and I are about to race on
the speed loop which the floor drops out
be on your feet now you keep your
feelings
this is a six person race Smith pretty
country we're going down
y'all I got a disadvantage to the
filming
everybody that works here is just
testing all these slides you take a lip
and then it drops you in and then you
actually shoot up on a water slot yeah
it's amazing
the Atlantis is known for their giant
aquarium we just finished the water park
we get to get in there areum likes swim
going up taking us yeah taking us on a
trip this is this is called the lost
chambers this is like you go behind the
scenes of the big the main aquarium wall
these lobsters
that is awesome good eating right there
that's that's that's later they're gonna
play them up oh dude that is awesome
those are those are more raised right
there I don't know that's a puppet
there's not even real those are people's
hands
so we're above the tank right now look
at this a lot of things we get to do
when we meet people they say welcome to
my office when we jumped out of that
plane in Dubai and we pulled our chute
my my my tandem jumper was like welcome
to my office
it's like he just said it too it's like
all these beautiful workplaces I love it
and every time we do something weird you
have this contact in case of emergency
and you're supposed to put somebody's
name it's like basically saying
something can happen I mean like you
know in this environment I always
realized I don't forget like how buff I
am you know like I cannot even fit nice
suits anymore yes thank you
okay suiting up getting ready we are
first of all look at the top this is the
very top this is like what we were
seeing downstairs that's all just an
aquarium it truly is a mini ocean like
even you guys know I love scuba diving
so my favorite things in the world even
in the ocean in the ocean you don't see
this many fish ever never this many fish
in one spot when you dive so this is
gonna be like magical underwater like
truly magic
it's go time we're diving in mini oceans
by the way 1,300 pounds of food every
day gets fed to these fish 1,300
no you're a diver when your nose is
bleeding bro is it still no that's not
bad
yo he goes wash your face your nose is
bleeding I'm like what and I wipe my
face I know everywhere I know hmmm baby
I miss you oh yeah my name is Chen
always remember my name back the way we
came
dodo don't no no no that was awesome
woo thank you that's a group of my
friends honestly dude imagine catching
that that thing is so big yo Brit stand
over here so I can show them how big
that is imagine how strong that fish is
that's just one of them little betta
fish in a jar so that is B you'd know
that's that's art right there that you
got imagine that was created by somebody
ate your face up you can't tell me
that's not like I always think the ocean
is another planet tell me that doesn't
is not like an alien right there yeah
it's like an alien
what a beautiful creature I mean I don't
know if the camera shows how green and
colourful and I think these change
colors right these guys get they change
colors they're blending in with this
background okay now he's like bright red
see how he's green they can just change
color and they mimic the background
they're the smartest fish in a sea he's
like you'll Bob how'd you get locked up
you're supposed to be smart and pet the
shark kept the shirt don't you gonna put
him in his backpack
sharkbait touching the shore it's really
soft
yeah oh look how pretty that is I don't
know I can't get you up good morning in
Japan I can't get them out I'm sorry I'm
sorry
it's been a long day
for half a million dollars that plays
itself I'm a hundred thousand dollar
piano half a million dollar piano play
some music incorrectly there's
apparently an app you can walk behind
you can play whatever song you want you
can see all the keys going by itself
it's haunted
that's what cost so much the ghost we
are looking for a plate they do like the
bar what are those called fire sticks
they do all the cool what is it
and they have the fires like in Hawaii
no you're gonna like the whole place on
fire
so you can't take this guy anywhere yo
what if that light that's all gonna
catch on fire
get it out of there get it away get it
away
it's day two baby we are in chop we're
headed out we're out we're out about
what are those every year we have a nice
word
look at them peacocks babies needs i ha
ha so we're trying to go kind of where
tourism's not where you really don't go
as a tourist we're going to like real
want to bring you guys to like in us to
like real giant and read like this is
awesome
yo country that's a nice red bike right
that one's sick this looks like though
Tara is with this we're tourists or no
no pick out a bike baby I think I think
this one is cute you know what I like
right off the bat there's no loss
everybody's bikes are just parked yeah
but in the u.s. no those things would be
locked up there look at these shops this
is a mall big leagues
this is awesome man this is the mall so
some shops aren't open some shops are
different all sure man like this is so
different than homes
I will okay so this is desert this is
like beans and and corn and I'm not
exactly sure what these Oh some type of
Oh watermelon they mix it all together
and they put it in coconut not so try
please have try this a snow cone that to
meet the whites walkways the ice and
everything just so you know mix together
to drink it
yeah just drink it like coconut yeah if
you only got coconut in it oh my god so
good
Wow No
we've just entered a seafood market you
get everything super that you could
possibly dream of everything that you
could ever want
right before my
you know I'm just gonna say it right now
I've never seen anything like this in my
life look everything's moving it's all
alive yo they just closed look look at
these urchins put your finger in it Oh
where do they get all this this is
incredible country just sitting here
eating in all this and the place is huge
I mean it's just huge just goes and goes
that was incredible by literally
incredible I don't even know anything
like that existed infinite live live
seafood like stuff that I think even
people that eat seafood don't know
exists
come on jump on there for a couple of
hours help these guys out what do you
think
Oh recycle hey kitty kitty my baby
hi baby I don't know guys think we got
keep an eye out for that tattoo shop
remember what happened in Dubai I bet
we'll find a really nice tattoo shop
here you know a little traditional like
whack whack whack yeah hammer and chisel
hammer and nail there it is all they got
this one is perfect yeah Brian's been
wanting this since we got here and he
just hasn't stopped talking about it
there you go man that's perfect I like
it yeah okay apparently she's working on
getting a spike I'm gonna hop on new
bike surges Esau I don't know yeah you
too okay I see it I see there Jillian
there's plenty of room bro oh here let
me move my bag I mean my bag dude am I
gonna knock this dog up on there this
one do we go yeah this is how you get
around Cisco these things are silent
okay sure headed to our boss but if I
guess is you can't get to it without
scooter how's it feel back here it's
nice right amazing beautiful
Wow good yeah I guess uh reached our
destination oh he was you're trying to
go you have it max you're gonna see no
pawns on the way here no pun on to the
next location
okay guys we just arrived in you pie
it's a place on the water apparently
they're well known for their seafood
like the best seafood around so we're
gonna check that out look at this truck
dude look good in that man you would
look good in that wow look at this man
this is beautiful this is amazing Wow
so these are all like floating islands
that they've built and you go out and
you have seafood on all these different
restaurants ma'am
hop aboard come on bro let's go baby yo
this is so cool I don't want to stop
filming we go just entered our
restaurant it's so cool where you pick
out lunch pick it out barrels buckets
yeah you can walk out and pick or if
that's all you can walk out on that and
look at all the menu yeah see I have
Aquarium at home so all I see is dollar
signs what these talk button your
equipment not to eat they're way cheaper
to eat than to put your clam juice
there's a giant angelfish down there
kidneys porcupine porcupine puffer fish
I feel like if the whole world flooded
this is eventually what it would turn
into like home like bill islands might
take the land away and then eventually
you would have just fish to eat like
right I don't know I don't know how to
explain it like we're just on floating
and man-made structures with built in
menus it's like literally you order your
fish right here and then you eat it I
feel like the whole world was flooded
this is eventually what would be created
from the scrap and you would just live
on fish get used to a baby
but can't be no fish left as much no you
got use restroom oh good the restrooms
in China are also incredible they're
usually just in the ground that's the
men's restroom so here we go a little
privacy here mmm good enough by the way
the female restrooms are exactly the
same well we got up here it's like
Waterworld dude it's like you've seen
the movie Waterworld remember that
that's what this reminds me of like
everyone's living off the like the land
the ocean so you know how we've been
walking around like the markets and a
lot of the dry food yeah like oh the
fish seat look like this how they drive
all they're drying them out right there
so right here we have up close over here
look at this
yo distrait drying the shrimp and the
fish out right there
like we go incredible really want some
curb you probably right off the wall and
eat it selling and never cities along
okay okay maybe try good notes and
berries one of these don't you want man
ice cream time it's candy man time hey
get you fed up tell you what why don't
you choose what you think of I don't I
don't put that on me Ricky Bobby these
look good to me I'm going with these to
you pick whatever one you want for me
thank you very much want one each yeah
okay that's great okay these two I don't
know what it is but it's delicious
like strawberries and cream oh yeah yo
you got that's like a giant oh good guys
all set and now we're going to oh hi oh
hi oh hi oh hi okay okay so we've just
arrived in apparently this is like an
old-school surfer town this is like
there it started here we go check that
out
the holes in that in the ground but to
tear this place apart no this is
incredible man this place is full ride
the whole you know all the scaffolding
you see it's bamboo you see that all of
the scaffolding this whole place
if the electric lines these are lines
going through just as we took the wrong
road wrong alley wrong sector no some
squid bro it's drying out so there's so
many alleys in different ways to go it's
incredible to go that way because I can
see like trees oh yeah I think we found
it guys I think we've made it oh so
beautiful that rock
what oh this is gorgeous definitely not
surf in here
it's a three-man race where first one in
the water oh dude you got to give me a
head sir why cuz I got this dragon in
the wind you ready
country says go oh he's cool rusty she
just found it for us
I can't catch her oh we have a little
moment it's just literally doing nothing
this pool is like jello it's so one the
water tight explain that like it's it's
so warm the water is like it's like it's
like not in water we're free Chuck Brian
any freezin yeah wash that thing up dude
watch that rat
it's not around the muskrat did you
bring your shampoo I'll pull you in
I don't know that it gets better
actually kind of do a lot I don't like
it yeah it is incredibly itchy
yeah this thing the Sun is actually
scared of this cut Raina FPS a thousand
got rain acts on us okay water rees this
point that on that's why dad named you
Joe Dirt's I'm not a maker bamberger's
this French crap oh my god wow that
could honestly be any of us
so we're gonna be down there this is the
big stage down here I don't even know
what to expect tonight but we're all
we're all ready to go there as you guys
got to be honest all right so some
things have changed since the last time
you seen me you're already laughing I
haven't even I got glad like legit
prescription glass all right so you guys
got to follow me how which one which one
I got two needs only temporary these
like all I could get before this trip so
be honest I don't I don't want to I feel
awkward okay you got a second pair right
oh yeah these are the ones you said like
this isn't going good I can already tell
this is pair number two mmm though
there's a beach out there there with
these I can see are these alike okay so
what do you think dude as someone who's
known you that your entire life yeah I
don't know what if I worry about this
whoa here's the thing I only need them
like it dark with like lights like I'm
fine I can see everything but with um
it's like it's like cheat codes I can
see better than any bucks your name
dolphins let's just go without glasses
cameras a little blurry you think you
could maybe they'll help the camera
looks crystal clear no big ones see
perfectly in focus
oh no that's my vision my vision now my
vision mmm I don't need glasses let's go
to the car
okay so we are down here at the grand
opening of the Atlanta super awesome red
carpet ruling through it and there's
some mermaids like imagine what it costs
to import real mermaids into this place
this place is jam and there's so many
people
holy moly working oh boy welcome to day
three guys look at this view once that
look at this holy smokes
am I the only one thinks is unbelievable
you scared of heights scared of heights
yes we are going to a place called
monkey island apparently there's like
thousands a monkey section oh this is
beautiful gorgeous how do you say
beautiful how do you say in Chinese
beautiful no no we got this
Meili Meili Meili yeah yeah yes we made
it
let's go boys let's go how cool was that
is Meili that's beautiful okay so we at
a place called Monkey Island and it's
incredible it's just monkeys everywhere
the climbing up street post on the tree
this one's just chilling here they gave
you five dude oh he wants to wear your
wallet you want this I get these cameras
on my face
see if he'll take my camera
look at his ears I wouldn't do that oh
yeah I do
look at this little guy I want to get
the little one this little dude he's
about to leave
he's like I'm Adi he dropped something
it's a Rolex watch there everything was
just going so good all they want that
food babies to look at he's to row
they're having a standoff you throw it
okay okay let me do it here hold on one
second buddy watch this watch this watch
this
I'm getting it watch it yo nobody messes
with that one they're going turn them
off they lay it like you're endless food
they don't even want it
watch watch here comes another sup my
friend we're buddies right we're but you
don't want me just for food right you
want to hang out dude how cool is that
that is pretty cool come I'll put it on
my vlog camera he's gonna he's gonna
vlog for you guys it's on my camera lens
are you making transactions you're
making transactions over here no bail
are you making friends dude they're
literally everywhere that's so amazing
so you get food I'll give you five
don't put the mullet on them if you'll
wear the moment to take it Brett what
you think how can you go oh he's coming
I'm not he's like I'm not working for it
on how old he is right here
yo this place isn't you see that monkey
just run by right off the bat this is
insane like I never seen it's like being
at the zoo but you're in the in the cage
and the monkeys want to hang out it's
like the workers oh there is a hole I
didn't see them up yo they're everywhere
why we should have brought him some food
when they get their ears gone it's like
you better get away from them oh they
look friendly tiller shoot Oh see a
possum so you're not in a park you're
not in a museum you're not in a zoo this
is just the land and there's monkeys
everywhere
peanuts mold it then I'm gonna take the
molar they want the peanut like these
butterflies no wow but what if you think
they will I'm hairless this whole truth
yo you don't think it'll take them away
he'll be fine are you gonna do it if
they take it and I'm hairless they're
not gonna take it I did put you some
mane and tail
no I've put some conditioner right about
to be hairless like Nair I think this is
your guy I think this year guy he's
already eyeballing it he's already
eyeballing look at him dude he's
eyeballing you got put on your head
hood you dropped one go up to the tree
go up to the tree put it on top you
wanna put it they got to pull your hair
off yeah okay okay what a name they
definitely saw like he definitely saw it
running yeah he knows he knows they're
smart they all know I gotta go up to the
trees go to the tree they know dude oh
man you have to work for it you don't
want it I don't want it you know that
mullets dirty they put it on top I don't
think he's hungry enough yo squat down
to these guys I think they're hungry
dude look he's got a whole mouthful
oh okay there's one we got a biter
there's still one up here mean you don't
insult me
little baby
you'll put one in your mouth Ryan huh so
mouthful these are put it in the wallet
what was it Oh bull they like that I
want to see him peel it
yeah dude they got the orange juice oh
are you guys what is that Chinese a
Chinese Apple yeah yeah I love it
you do it no I think I'll take it
absolutely okay gave more than enough
while I'm at it
what if you close my eyes out right now
what if he takes my eyes out right now
you have another one yeah the Chinese
Apple trick all right don't try this
oh he's staring at you boy what do you
mean lucky he wanted no harm
he wants more I don't have no more
apples bro what if she got an egg I mean
you brought a whole goodie bag dude I
got two bananas oh my gosh you're gonna
collapse he's gonna start a monkey riot
so aggressive so I'm gonna hopefully see
put one in your pocket and see what
happens I'm gonna go put one in my
pocket on the outside no that's all they
know bro they know but got em all whoa
baby
no he's feasting countries feasting it's
a candy man right it's a banana man
little guy forget him I said what you
got what you got yo you got to double
stuffing he's had a whole banana oh yeah
I know bread if he could say I think he
said thank you I'm pretty sure that's
what he said yeah yo he knows that he
knows that's gonna get stolen oh snap he
knows that can be stolen it does seem
like whatever they're holding is theirs
okay so they got apparently these
hotdogs back here oh my I'm gonna hurt
itself but they're pretty red if they're
different what are you getting sausage
or hotdog it just
yeah one of them self it's so hard to
buy just soak up that language barrier
there's no everybody so computers y'all
one looks good and honestly oh that's
not one of the monkeys no way yeah
that's a Johnsonville brats it dude
Chewie is it good though tastes good I
don't know what it is man we're off
what'd you think of the monkeys it's
pretty crazy
oh boy here we go we go pretty this is
don't take us to McDonald truck I feel
like we're like like if you went and
visited the actual Jurassic Park I feel
like we'd be like rolling into it right
now yeah I'm free
okay so Brittany and I are warping
around we got a little time alone which
kind of rare on a trip like this you
know and I guess we haven't really been
down to the beach either and I guess
with a red flag you can't swim in the
ocean it's yes too dangerous but it
looks beautiful
don't walk now this part is obviously
still in the construction but doesn't
really matter down there oh I guess oh
my yeah you believer in China chop
jellyfish nope
seriously though we're in China China I
know I love these islands Mike there's
resorts out on this island it's a
beautiful place honestly whoa baby no
the jellyfish another jellyfish
nevermind this is so pretty
whoo so beautiful no no no it's warm
look at this look look he's he's living
in the bag
no he's probably doing it on purpose he
can get right out if he wants look
he wasn't stock he's like wait a second
what are you doing that I got to build a
tripod
wait with that crabs gonna come out and
steal your camera I don't have a tripod
look yeah you're just gonna put the
camera on that it's got a genius you
should make a little smiley face on he's
got two eyes coming up with tripods calm
no you just since that that's nothing
yes we can oh look at that son well yeah
that looks professional it'd be so funny
someone like nearest like to the picture
of us it was an actual tripod unit I
don't know if it's gonna stay that way
I'm gonna add some addition it's gonna
be a little weird
looks good that son
either fixtures from today
that is that with the hips
any man
I'll be so much
yes
I'm just build that shy
wait really when did you think it was
not easy is the most stressful thing in
my entire life
you leave my life
free I feel like I'm in a dream right
now if not the dream thing but it does
feel like that
oh my god
boy this is me
oh my god
I've never been more excited about
anything in my life
you know how scared I was actually pull
this off by the way
by the way
nobody in our entire life knows well
it's amazing it's so pretty no it's
perfect really the ring wait guys
oh look how beautiful you look I see
my pictures I just wanted it to be me
and you honestly you know only I
struggled so hard to find the perfect
moment but you really flamed it this
whole time
yes of course what do you mean yeah I
just I just got that here no oh my god
it's so pretty
I
I'm so sick of calling you my girlfriend
it's the whole verse I hate it I want to
call you my wife my wife that's my wife
that is my wife that's what I can always
you don't leave me my boyfriend for a
lifetime
Oh sin years
my god it's so pretty like I literally
can't get over it covers up your are
that looks perfect
oh my god thank you my track it around
huh
did it hurt it's literally perfect
I feel like this is a prank it's not a
break
I literally I'm just gonna keep the
camera oh my god it's beautiful it looks
so perfect I'm so excited I had the box
in a sock oh my god Chuck on so we turn
the camera off we've literally been
rolling around in the sand like
ridiculous animals so excited I'm
excited as um honest to god like brought
a beach in China let me see that thing
baby let me get a shot yeah I can't wait
to see it in the sunshine
I'm literally like so shaky yeah I got
you I got you you know how hard it is to
pull a surprise on guys I haven't slept
like jet LAG's one thing but pulling
this off and I did it so simple so I
just want it to be me and you nobody
knows about this
me and you were the only ones and the
person that helped me get it well you
look perfect with it is made for you
yo we're engaged baby what I'm marrying
this girl murdered nobody speaks English
that's just my Allah my miss you that's
been the best Bourdon on his beach right
there I think I might just leave it
there well thank you for all your hard
work and a smiley face I think really
you know yeah really really put you in
the mood I'm on cloud nine happy happy
happy happy happy not one thought in my
mind coming down
I've been walking out I've you walking
back at this thing I'm like alright so
this evening I pulled off something that
I want to do for a long time and I
couldn't tell you guys about I feel bad
but Brittany and I are getting married
yeah you better not be playing I'm not
playing this is the hardest thing I've
ever done in my life without telling
anybody
Oh
huge lots tell how much it is $500
lobster look at his name honey I
proposed I did I was waiting for you all
to get to work okay I didn't record okay
honey's mom Brittany's mom well you're
late for work she saw well guess what
Brittany said yes Oh get married now
sorry about the last nine years
I propose the Brittany I know right
thanks man we're just kind of making the
rounds letting everybody know these
songs we just thought we just we just
called mom she had a pretty sure we just
changed her entire week yeah she really
enjoyed it we're getting married
yeah when we called mom and she had
FaceTime so she got to see us in the
ring and we'll send you a picture yeah
she's super she's super happy so you
might want to call her and just say that
you know
we'll see on the other side this weekend
love ya guess what I have a fiance now
yeah oh yeah very big came with a
wheelbarrow
pickaxe and a miner
Wilma I got a wheelbarrow coming for you
mama
well let it go let you know all right I
love you
don't tell anybody yet how are you
you know how I am I'm engaged color yes
I'm so tired too I do
I totally kill my proposed yes I did
I did it I sort of marry me today I saw
nobody believes us but it actually
happened
J for China Sun yeah baby let me see let
me see
future out yeah welcome to day for China
we are uh we're doing some photos of
Ritchie's engage paparazzi we are you
know today's different it's a whole new
world
Chase is nailing those fresh I I guess
it's calling age met photos they
insisted that they were done mine are
gonna just mean but yeah we're here
we've got a little Cabana for a little
while and we're really just chillin
right now it's chillin you know I just
can't splain how shaken bake different
world
yesterday I had a girlfriend come to
China I'm engaged we should just a long
time she just came to town a year one
yes you do and I gave her a promise ring
the first year we were together and nine
and a half years eight and a half years
later you want us to hold hands holding
hands yeah you gotta hold hands okay you
take his watch off
I'm really shocking but we get this guy
I got an idea let's do photos in the
water and the water dude everyone
everybody in the water go under the
bridge it's all I don't know what
temperature's there's a different heat
here in China it is it is they know how
to do crazy thing too is the poles are
warm it doesn't when you get in it's
mean it feels good not in a lot of it I
don't know it's not that like cold
refreshing feeling it's like it's like
you're walking in air so this is what's
left of the big grand opening event that
we came to it's it's kind of crazy they
built this entire thing all the way out
there is is raised off the ground they
built a stage up on there
no way whoa is bamboo
whoo so where it all happened right here
at the beach
yo I think the board is still there I
think I see it our board all the way
down there this is really funny our
board is still in the sand which is
weird cuz the water has been coming all
the way up I was a good tripod baby I
built it to last to figure why we're
doing all our photos we would at least
see if our board with you I can't
believe look at this she's a little
crooked but she's there oh my god the
song you were gonna keep that look
that's the sock that it was in oh yo
that's the board dude I had it standing
straight up no a smiley face is gone but
look the waters come all the way up here
it's like revisiting the path is a good
board feel like I should take it back up
into the vegetation there's some insects
up there you don't want to go up there
that's where I got it from this giant
squid it just washed up what if he's a
lot o Brien's get Barnes getting yelled
at can't put the whole chair and pull
Brian get somebody get out of pool get
out a pool Brian and now the first rain
of the entire trip you know back in Ohio
is just raining I'm sure by here you
just seen our first hi first of all
downpour back in Ohio there you guys go
he's almost had a heart attack what a
week what oh I need to try I need to
build a tripod what I'm a stick and I'm
along nothing top of glass that's right
yeah we got fancy truck I need to start
carrying a tripod so with me guys what a
week doing kind of a super warp right
now we spent the entire day with
everybody at the pool and now we're here
we're like about to eat a little bit
it's very successful trip Perry we leave
at 5 in the morning um tomorrow so we
have to pretty much gonna rest up
like six hours yeah these these movies
were making there's like there's there's
next to no sleep with we just we just we
did good this week okay this Dubai was
like no sleep
bye we had scheduling parties and this
night last night last night was my first
night sleeping at all because I was so
nervous and excited to propose to
Brittany that I had to tell everybody
like I'm jet-lagged I can't sleep but
mentally all are gone I'd still like in
chocolate my engaged my every thought
was proposing to her and I couldn't
sleep so traveling can't sleep trying to
obviously make the movie and it was just
chaos mentally it was like a so after
the proposal I I understand so much
about our trip though yeah there's so
much I want to tell you about trying to
get this ring and preparing this
proposal and maybe we'll save that for a
vlog after the movie um but yeah last
night I slept the entire night and it
was chill out I felt good I would so
we're about to grab a little fit check
out what's French we've had so many
french fries this week yeah we're gonna
shout out and then get to the airport
you ready let's go the airport I like to
sleep a little bit first
my folks said you are food on the plane
now I have a point
we go plain number two of three oh my
gosh it's only a 14-hour flight so good
go fast
one more flight one more flight we're
home baby here we go so we started this
when we left our hotel this morning
we're over 26 hours yesterday last
flight we're all smile we actually are
else why we just said we're all smiling
right you hope it doesn't feel like 7:00
at night and I'm like yeah cuz maybe
just now getting up so bad soon as we
get on their time schedule chase the
shot chase is done we have to carry him
this way because they kept it in back in
and his toothbrush I travel with a bunch
of woodland bears
thirty plus hours later we have arrived
home Columbus let's go whoo great trip
I'm so happy that you guys took thinking
about me to supply the dessert menu for
the wedding catering is done back home
at last in the weather is perfect you
know the other thing it stinks this by
the time we get home one of my favorite
parts is coming home to the kids that is
the highlight of every trip coming home
to them kids I mean we had some amazing
highlights on this trip by the way but
the kids are probably gonna be asleep or
master warp into tomorrow morning
let's go flashy flashy baby
hi I know I know hi baby
Oh sleepy tiger Kanan hi bud I love you
it's Korra sleeping
okay warping into the next day because
everybody was sleeping what's up girl my
little rockstar looking him teeth in
there hey good sleep know it what's up I
wanted to give everybody a chance to say
hello before we signed off on our second
movie which I hope even flash wants to
say hi do you see that
he opened the door I don't know if I
caught it you want to say no I uh need a
camera hog flash vlogs really wanted to
say goodbye as a family movie too and
she looks so funny hope you enjoyed the
movie is so much I could talk about it
for a day I feel like it's another vlog
of me did Britney just talking about the
the the certain parts of that trip so
I'm hungry I'm hungry I like how the
pink vines it's been like two weeks the
ping-pong balls are still hanging out
y'all teaching core bad habits I guess
if you're watching at this point thank
you so so much this was such a special
and huge video to us and we're obviously
so happy to be home with the kids the
family the dog the cat yeah I guess
there's nothing in that bag for me
better say thanks Noah so that is our
movie guys like I said I feel like
there's so much that I want to like talk
about like the story behind the ring and
getting it and getting it to China
without Britney front it's a whole video
in itself anyway guys we love you
excited we're like the goal is to pump
out some vlogs not every day but we plan
to pump out some vlogs in between our
next movie oh cool cool cool in the popo
Brits and baby land back
again if you're watching at this point
thank you so much hope you enjoyed our
second movie thanks for being so patient
and we will see you very very soon
anybody got anything to say before I say
goodbye
okay there's Kane all right so cool love
you guys so much we'll be updating
always on Twitter super updated and see
you guys super soon thank you so much
for everything we love you and soon we
will officially be the atwood family
beautiful
if one-of-a-kind
you
