guys welcome to the vlog come on boy
let's go come on we are really just
getting set up here today and we're
ready to rock dude look at you you're in
your director's seat now yeah this is
nice no rain we got partly cloudy day
Dale's cooking some beef stew oh my gosh
that's ugly inside doctored patties
explosive dog food patties Zeus you stay
away Joss
I think we've fallen in love there's no
separating us now you're not taking it
I'll tell you what you keep that I'll
keep the camera st. that's a good deal I
like it looks like I'm putting Zeus
pooping bait is pretty Zeus poopy that's
for sure we are going to remove this red
cannon fuse going in do not do this at
home do it at your brother's house
homemade smoke bombs take one buddy back
it's gonna happen
oh that's a good one we made smoke boy I
know you like that that was way I told
you more bacon see if you watch
yesterday's vlog then you know we kind
of failed and that thing blew up last
night uh I think you got the right mix
now like I said more baking soda
yeah just like Roman said more baking
soda so that was shot at 5,000 print you
can't even see the smoke move it's too
slow
so trust wants to be like a thousand
yeah much much slower take two here we
go here we go oh that's a good one
whoa look at that plane oh that's gonna
be cool that's the best one yet
good job guys you nailed it you made a
smoke bomb yes awesome
the the mixture that they made was in a
pop-can aluminum pop can look at the
aluminum insane that's like 2,000
degrees to melt aluminium yeah I don't
know how I mean that was 20% baking soda
so to get it where like you could hold
it in a cardboard tube must be like 80
percent or something crazy or a
different material all right guys you
remember a couple days ago we bought
some car tires well then that actually
maybe ones the cars are once a small
tire we're gonna see what happens when
you over inflate it and it blows up I
think that's cool I've always wanted you
know when you're pumping up a bike tire
like what would happen if that thing
popped we're gonna find out apart we're
just gonna put this nozzle on and uh
how's the pizza did good nozzle blew
time and bloom you think this little guy
is gonna hold on my monies yes yeah it's
gonna hold on yeah this looks official
this looks legit look at this we dug
this little hole so the tire won't move
I don't know guys I feel like we're onto
something here you guys ready to make it
pop I'm ready pop it like it's hot Kane
you ready
thumbs up I just want to make sure he's
comfortable is he is he good he may need
a troughs are you good drink beverage
food somebody maybe big piece of pizza
yeah let's get let's get him some pizza
anyone else want anything else
maybe maybe sit in our luxurious do what
he says do what he says and we are live
baby tire is blown
we're getting real hard already so she's
a phone doesn't even know I'm standing
behind you you're the only smart enough
to bring safety glasses who wants to
blow just can't it's definitely getting
bubbly you think oh yeah compressor
stopped the compressors at max psi and
it hasn't blown yet I don't like that
shoot it I don't like that keep it open
and and we will who's standing it like
that right yeah let's see this machine I
only thought it was done we all thought
it was done I barely caught you see the
tire blow up we missed it in slow-mo
well you got a piece of it
yeah I'll film it but it's like nah no
none of fun stuff of heaven God filmed
okay look at that
is that crazy there's nothing believe
that blew the hose right off the
compressor alright second attempt car
tire here we go uh-oh oh we just lost
there we're at a hundred and forty psi
then and that tire is still there
alright should I get a gun for real you
need one yeah alright here we go I'm
gonna go get one hey are yo watch we hit
it with the dragon's breath in slow-mo
it might I don't think it'll pop her in
through the tire I don't think it'll pop
it my the compressor did not blow up the
tire so I'm getting out the AR see what
happens
Zeus you gotta stay the compressor
wouldn't explode the tire not enough psi
I'm gonna shoot it with the AR see what
happens ready
alright so the tyre of things weren't
the greatest thing and dude I hit that
tire though I don't know what happened
you hit it it was okay I'm gonna do some
more shots of it and make it perfect
he'll make it better he'll make it
better so now why did we buy watermelons
why did we get fireworks because Brett
you're gonna like this mortar shell
don't try this that's like a pirate
right is it's the ones that shoot out
poop but don't put it in out like the
cannon it does not fly yeah so we're
gonna build our own tube out of a
watermelon I think I'll just walk I
think because we're gonna shoot it
slow-mo and it's gonna explode the
watermelon yes I'm just tracing it out
it's precision cutting and then we'll
core it out watch
yep cored out baby insert we're gonna
insert that's just a core job right yes
sir
god I can see his thumb just going
cancer how many people's that take the
drill hole to stop it do you want to
stop and eat this or bill I'll do yeah
let's eat it we're not gonna waste it I
want for tomorrow okay move the knife
away huh let me throw it in your mouth
here we go let's check the fish like it
was made for that you want nice Oh life
is waterproof the Gunpowder is on the
inside
don't let it the no mortar versus
watermelon here we go oh I'm gonna
destroy my camera go
no way
no way get your gun this is real trial
and error today I told you it's too wet
I told you but it's never too wet yeah
do you have that on the video bucket I
don't think so bro I don't think so that
was awesome I did oh my gosh look at the
styrofoam it's my camera okay oh I got
holy crap it actually did crack my lens
what I think it's just burnt
it's just burnt we're good oh my gosh I
got this lens yesterday you didn't get
some melted gummy bears on it though you
gotta put a filter dude why don't you
buy a filter with that I feel what I
felt the fish it's 25,000 FPS check this
out Oh
oh my god look it's liquidated it's gone
oh wow look look look calm down let's
spit it up oh boy here we go
oh okay
this is gonna look so awesome let me
check the focus I have to move the
camera this way I like the color let's
do it
I hope you're having such a good day
this has been so fun man just doing
something different we were gonna do one
more gun slow-motion shot and this one
is probably gonna be the coolest you
ready you like those
they have speakers in them so you can
hear I don't know how to explain them no
it's cancellation plus but doesn't you
don't hear the gun so weird up and down
like you can hear better than your
actual ears one last set up one last
slow-mo Dale has completely built this
entire setup five light bulbs he's
attempting to send a bullet through all
the light bulbs in slo-mo I think it's
just gonna be spectacular what a show
what a show everybody line up step on up
I have broken out my scar 308 this baby
is a beast all cameras rolling dang oh
my god engine they're steel they didn't
even go out no way
I got seen them no way the fire like
this is still on almost 3,000 feet per
second that bullet travels 55,000 frames
a second on the camera nice Oh beautiful
I'm saving all this yeah
they may just scoop it up well we'll
find out all right guys this might be
the stupidest idea of the entire day
I've got I've got I think the world's
fastest RC car here this thing does
100-plus miles per hour we're gonna see
what happens when we hit a watermelon it
is gonna go everywhere I've already
beaten it up badly there's actually a
plate that's supposed to be here that is
gone it's been it's been through a lot
so we're gonna see what happens the odds
of me hitting the odds of me hitting an
object that small at any decent speed is
very very slim so here we go
holy crap that's so fast so we're gonna
do some practice runs I've been
practicing this actually off-camera for
about a week now that's why the car is
almost destroyed let's just hit it you
don't ready you don't need to figure out
it dude it's a tiny watermelon uh
honestly the cars pretty aerodynamic I
think it's gonna flip the watermelon up
in the air it will hit it straight on
and it's gonna do major damage to the
car are we let's say it just pushes it
are we gonna we gonna go out of frame
really fast
he's pretty wide okay let's do this
there we go I'm gonna do one pass and
then I'm gonna do it
Oh Oh the wheels go I think we're still
good no you're not good at all you're
not good at all
yeah yeah the wall that's not bad
look at that you can't fix it I hate it
you got the water yeah no you killed the
watermelon there's just one piece look
that's it
suspension nodded that's it there's more
than that a hit on the front it's all
good can you prove this back in is that
watermelon
it is watermelon we've got watermelon
look at that dang right there that's
amazing oh boy well I hit it what it's
still edible
I only clipped it with the rear I mean
you see guys doing in and you slide look
I slid a kike killed it laughs oh my
goodness
and he was the control it's smashed into
the garage
yeah thank God it hit the stone and not
the white door here's what my mind is
blown about I did not hit the watermelon
very well which I had so many practices
the car still runs the car absolutely
still works we're only missing a couple
pieces here I think we just lose this
wheel go again we hit it with three
wheels we have exactly a three wheel
racecar now the first of its kind
okay three wheel car
it drives dude you don't even need four
wheels who says you need four wheels
okay who says you need two feet Novak
little duct tape reinforcement on this
front suspension just keep my wheel on
the ground all right we got this let's
go let's go no more excuses piece of
cake all right here we go
oh it's got speed oh okay we can do this
we're still good
hey it's still rolling we would have
been fine dang look at that look at this
the watermelon is gone yeah pull up here
take a victory lap look at this beast
that was awesome and I can't even
believe it like three parts and it's
back to normal I will order the parts
and have this car back to normal
slow-motion for today guys I hope you
enjoyed it
wow what a beast Zeus just wants to eat
it you taking down the weak guys it's
time for a little family time my mom and
dad just showed up with Papa Bear would
you bring some ropes yeah I brought some
special weighted jump ropes out what do
you mean special way do cheap jump ropes
don't spin they're like trying to throw
air around these are weighted so they
really pull their bit look how nice look
how cool they are
ya know I'm pretty awkward but I'll show
you how they work I see it it's awkward
Xin
not bad cuz my dad used to get us when
we were kids on this so here's what you
do this is how you doing you grab it
with two hands going ups and then last
second in the world you switch it to one
hand it looks legit but you gotta go
back to two moms over on pinball land
we're starving is ready to oh my
goodness what is this little thing oh
you look like a real person really you
ready for bed
you bring your blank Zeus oh you even
brought your blankie oh good boy I'm
tired too boy you're gonna know you're a
born on high get out of here you big old
baby giraffe yeah that's it walk away
yeah walk out of here you walk out don't
come back guys we hope you enjoyed
today's vlog this will be our final
goodbyes to Troy he's addicted to the
pinball machine hey I'll tell you what
you can have the pinball machine bar
okay but I'll keep the camera the slo-mo
cam no freako deal deal although pinball
Todd's gonna be pretty upset tell him I
traded it for a camera he'd have a heart
attack love you thanks for supporting us
all week with some new fun experiments
slow-motion trust it's been awesome
thanks for making the trip
you come find us a lot so we'll
definitely have to come your way again
see if you guys want that to happen let
us know we love you thanks again we'll
see you tomorrow
don't forget how important you are you
were one of a kind smile my heart just
stuck all I seen was baboom Oh
