hey guys welcome to the vlog I wasn't
even going to start the vlog yet but
this is what are we doing here we got
crazy Russian hacker - Ross what are you
doing we're picking out tires it's a
mystery yeah why he says yo we got to
make a stop I gotta get some tires so
here we are you won't be going on do you
one flat like that I don't know I I
think this is a cool like we should
definitely get a little one okay we'll
get laid over the big one they might
even have bigger you want to see oh dude
this is like heaven tire these are
awesome
I hope you guys are having such a good
day I am holding a list of the most
ridiculous items in the entire world
that we need this week so we're at all
these stores trying to find all these
things like an axe head a head of an axe
step one is complete
just a small too small dude you're huge
step one complete now we're gonna go
fill a liquid nitrogen tank dude I have
never ever done or experienced liquid
nitrogen in my life I have and that's a
lot of you in case you missed
yesterday's vlog I have churros from
crazy Russian hacker - YouTube channel
here and I think honestly what's gonna
make this clap so fun is he does its
science experiments like very unique
cool science experiments something that
we don't do on this channel so it's
gonna it's gonna be a nice Club and then
you're gonna do
we do yeah you're gonna take care of
kids and take care of my what causes
this is perfect in which one I think you
need a smaller ones like that
it's weird walking through a store with
an axe okay we just arrived at the place
to get liquid nitrogen neither one of us
have ever done this so let's figure out
how difficult it is to get liquid
nitrogen and if we don't have to worry
about this side here no and it can be
capped off okay yeah let's fill her up
okay let's just start with this dude I
can hear it I can hear it in there you
spin lenders are doing the work they're
doing what you don't want to Chilton I
don't think you should have a smoking
can that looks like it's about the pop
that's nice when you work hard you got
to eat good man that's the rule
look at this marshmallows whipped cream
let's go so you guys know that my house
has been under construction they
destroyed my yard trying to build the
building it happens but they're finally
delivering dirt to fix the hard and the
truck is stuck so we're trying to get it
out right now not looking good
just a normal day here at the Abbott's
come on
ah
okay so we're back home we were
unsuccessful at getting that friggin
truck out and we also have one more
ingredient that we we went to three
different stores nobody has any more you
can't find it
we did find a place we have to pick it
up it's about 45 minute drive though we
got to do it I know our whole day is
just getting stuff I guarantee this days
to be worth it though we're off to do
something so cool
I cannot wait to do this I haven't seen
you this excited for a long time I
didn't excited all day but it is North
Carolina's so easy anyone I ask you can
just get it easy yeah any storm it
hasn't been easy for us so we're still
on the hunt we will get this done
guaranteed it's up with the with the
little boys cheese in a cup you want a
straw who won't be able to do that oh
let him try come on give me so any
Caesar straw scissors check what what
are you doing you're gonna see how about
getting that close ceiling you like to
he miss they don't have been painful
okay cut cut the strong half come up
here do watch this and then you cut to
the end go here and here oh yeah you
gotta teach him how to do this and then
flatten it it doesn't look as good as
yours it's okay flattened and then use
ball anywhere no I get it
like almost halfway I guess
cheap us to be so cheap whistles calm
baby you gotta blow hard put it in the
middle put it all the way in your mouth
right okay so Britney is about to go to
uh it's just the ladies yeah yeah just
the ladies she is going to it's Mama's
birthday today she's won a dinner and
mama picked this purse tell me what you
think this is handpicked by Mama here
Wow that is totally mama she gonna be
the biggest hit at the moment clubs all
right Ross and I are about to make the
greatest video of all time it could
totally fail me the worst video up we
will see soon all right man you ready to
go get some dry ice we're gonna take the
grandma mobile this is all the grandmas
are driving now open you can't there you
go
it pops out yeah you got two more inches
that's it you're a big boy
yeah come lay down oh yeah uncomfortable
this is my song Lisa look like they're
like really gone what do you think the
car awesome
but my knees don't fit down your little
your little sorry this is somebody's
palace yeah it says the ice over there
it's somebody's house hey how you doing
you got the dry ice yeah all right man
y'all come out have your walk around
with me it's in the back okay cool are
you as nervous as I am
well it's just a prank the store here in
Ojai you have to get your dirty ice in
there behind somebody's house oh this is
legit sup
if we have to we can use those white
styrofoam's let's go to lunch
awesome yeah that's good today might set
a record for the most stores in one day
do we've been everywhere at somebody's
house today oh yeah
what do you mean docile banya was that
goodbye
how do you say the svidaniya that's
padania goodbye told you no how do you
say how do you say smile more in Russian
well the bicep Bush what well advice
smile boys for more borscht boys
Borgia yeah six plastic buckets not even
she laughs hey Zeus hey Zeus we got it
we got it mission complete Zeus we got
it I know you were worried we got it the
box is actually freezing yep
whoa we've got the newspapers that were
crispy so we just got our dry ice and
we've got liquid nitrogen in the garage
this is dude what are you doing to this
place ooh put your put your tongue on it
no no it is for sports not bad you don't
want to hold it too long though Wow
I agree with that only once you have
kids you'll fully understand how there's
a popsicle left on the counter melting
it's literally laying here dying I'm
surprised you don't have ants all right
guys let me explain exactly what we're
doing I think it's pretty much genius we
want to create it should I tell them or
just we should just watch just watch
keep rolling keep it on you've watched
this long you watch the shop all day
let's let's make some magic and I think
this is look what we got it's beautiful
is that that's a good chunk we don't
even need to break down one all right no
we gotta break it in pieces okay what oh
it already broke why does it do that
cool that I actually thought we just
broke up 28 pounds of dry ice and do you
should we put this in the freezer though
you're gonna break the freezer it's so
cold it will destroy the freezer door /
freezes yeah don't put the ice in the
freezer okay there you go we're gonna
pre-rigged these buckets to be half
cardboard walls so that the dry ice can
only go one direction so we're laying
some towels we're gonna divide the dry
off in the buckets did we get enough so
we're gonna lay them like this and then
we're gonna put hot whatever now and
then drop the ice in there all at the
same time and we're gonna have ton of
small running down the stairs okay
basically we're gonna create an indoor
waterfall yep it's gonna look like an
indoor waterfall if it works correctly I
think it's gonna look amazing
yeah I never done it either don't find
out so here's the theory we've got these
boxes and we're gonna put the water and
dry ice like this up against the rail so
the smoke only has one way to fall in
because why does why does dry ice why
does the smoke fall because it's cold
it's X here to smoke it's so heat rises
cold Falls not a hot smoke so exactly so
it's a density you know so that's what
going going down that's why we should
get a waterfall effect because the it
basically weighs a lot yeah I think it's
a great idea so now the smoke can't go
this way
that way or this way it's can only go
that way I think we're ready for hot
water yeah dollars over here so yeah
another one that's cold stands for hot
it takes them takes a while
how long has to come from the ground up
if you fell to at once
good that'll speed things up so what
we're going to do is fill this up with
the hot water so what are we gonna do up
with the eyes it will melt them in the
way so it will produce the most more at
once we've got such a better idea my
cheese is right this way
this is the shot dude right here
superfish so here's the vlog camera
compared to this annual so y-you can see
the whole room all right guys indoor
waterfall he would go get you know man
it looks legit oh do you know what's so
cool look at this smoking it's already
ready yeah ready to fall so what are we
gonna do at lunch together just stop
keep throwing it into the boxes how many
all of it till they're not let's go oh
my God look at this hour
Wow
let's get boiling water in here yeah
yeah you think there'll be anything left
yeah yeah okay so trusted trust as if
you put boiling water the smoke one way
more smoke so we're not I mean it's
awesome look at this
sick so we're gonna attempt to boil some
water how much oh okay
my brother just showed up look at you
yeah you know I've upgraded he's gonna
help us film a little bit this is so
hectic running from upstairs and
downstairs and this thing got a great
shot so happy with it - Ross is not
happy with that I thought it was really
cool we all thought it was cool but he's
like no we need way more so he's up
there making it happen I mean it's just
right in the middle is the only thing
that's definitely just for the record
this will be crosses mine and Dale's
first use of liquid nitrogen oh boy
hey God let me go hit record on
ooh very nice how was that it was quick
it was quick
well that's the best I could okay we're
moving on to the next gadget pulls out
two iron balls covered in rust yep
and also him over here aluminum foil
aluminum foil just like this safety
safety first always and check this side
you want to dip some lights off yeah I'm
on it how awesome was that that's crazy
sparks in my eyes
awesome yeah let me have a shot it
happened so fast
that was a good you remember the tiny
balls you'd hit together and they make
noise when your kid yeah that's what it
reminds me but with the sparks well came
to him always balls in there that's
what's going on oh you got it he's
straight stole it
that was a good scream I missed the
whole thing do you see it yeah alright
guys I think this is the perfect time to
end this vlog and we actually shot this
amazing waterfall video for terrazas
channel and it's a it's one of a kind
I've never seen anybody I don't think
anybody's ever done this in their living
room ever unless they I think we come up
with that idea here together more
importantly I think you're going to
really enjoy his channel so please
beyond this video go check his channel
subscribe to him he this is just one of
how many videos do you have do you know
I don't even know like almost a thousand
it's almost a thousand videos go check
it I'll spend some time over there and
of course give him a love on this new
indoor waterfall video I think it is so
fun to watch it's beautiful like what
you've seen in this vlog is a fraction
of what you're gonna see on this channel
so go smash it we love you guys we have
so much more this week so much fun
unique things and thanks for coming to
Ohio dude this is awesome and we got a
lot more for sure this is just the
beginning it is just the beginning we
will see you tomorrow thanks for all the
love and support smile more I sit in the
next week or two I'm actually gonna wash
my body I'm trying to do a new thing
where you know shower and you only watch
body part a day
so today's head
