Roman roamin I would have bet you oh
yeah what's up guys hey yeah we heard
you quit YouTube wait that is that for
real you quit yes crazy saying you quit
why would I quit no no I'm not done all
the blogs are over right no I'm not guys
I like took one little break one break
for three weeks that's not a break man
that's a break all the fans everyone are
you serious dude your team they all got
a new job what do you mean they got new
job who Brian country chase everyone
maybe get new jobs
yeah dude they don't even know what
you're talking about check it out who
are those flowers for did you a Britney
break up are you in Britney okay what
are you guys getting married no I didn't
bring Britney and our fault when's the
white everything's fine everything's
good family's good videos are amiss you
we want to see you I'm coming in like I
promised
yeah I took a little break but I'm the
family everyone's good these are for
Britt I'm gonna go give them to her
right now could we come with you no you
do dude come on really good oh they have
another job yeah listen good luck good
luck finding that I gotta go
Roman did you quit YouTube no dude I'd
listen I already told you I didn't quit
all right wait up I will run you I will
literally run you away
baby there's like this like definitely
I'm frustrated I made these two guys run
up on me first one say that I quit
YouTube and that everybody got new jobs
where is every no come here go for my
blog hammer
I have no idea just dig I gotta redeem
myself wait dad didn't you quit dude
you're grounded go upstairs
no for tonight for a week I got to show
everybody that I didn't quit by the way
that's well there was kind of a rough
truck gonna test out right listen I need
to go find you guys like I got to find
the guy they have their phones turn on
silly do you think they're mad at me
they think they feel abandoned I mean I
feel oh my god I'm gonna redeem this
family you watch you all watch I'm
bringing this family back to you too
we see how much fun
hey man hey you don't report your guy
named country short a stocky guy looks
like Lex like the whole mine oh yeah
like that easy back here cuz that's my
god oh my god oh my god that's my
country
look at me what are you doing yeah what
are you doing quit on me you got a new
job just like that you do any quit
looking like a little break like one
little well no it's like I took a nap
that's it I'm back up I'm awake you just
get a new job I need my man everybody's
come on me
come with me Oh John I'm back I'm back
with the tape is this what is this
what are you doing where you been three
weeks you just disappeared whoa I'm
going on I shouldn't know you two would
be together wrong I need a haircut
I got an interview tomorrow no you know
an interview I got an interview on job
why what I mean you said you were
quitting
no I quit I mean John I didn't quit you
think old I let down my time baby check
the house bro you still work for me no
if I owe you a check bounced
no just dribbled it all the way back
from the bank crazy okay I I need a
haircut is awesome yeah cutting it close
right now let's need your haircut oh you
gotta get your haircut
let's go come on you still work for me
let's go come on dude I don't want to
give this job up are you for sure gonna
come back I never lie okay next I'll pay
you next week I'll be back catch you
later
don't cash a check till Friday can we
sell people this sucks man do this what
is this you guys are watching all that
don't mind that where have you guys been
dude where it's been weeks you guys
aren't here you said you quit I didn't
quit you all quit I didn't quit how am I
supposed to vote without a cameraman
dude we're not quitters bruh
I'll give it I'm a cameraman always okay
so if you're not there how do I film my
house tomorrow I'll count on you
tomorrow
be there keep watching the videos dude
abuser dropping heat as many as I can
get so dusty okay
scare the dust off this camera welcome
back I know it's been a long time today
right now we will be uploading this will
be our longest vlog we've ever done on
this channel something just running
crazy that I had to try a super long
vlog I hope you guys enjoy it we're
gonna jump right into it
long story short a company ITP live
invited me to Dubai to do a speech in
front of some viewers and brands and
companies and they gave me the
opportunity to bring everybody along
with me so that'd be it said we're gonna
jump right into it let the travel begin
and I hope you enjoyed this very long
vlog show us some love grab some snacks
put a big smile on your face and enjoy
ready to board headed to New York City
and then we're on another flight which
we have to grab like do we have to get
all our bags when we land in New York
recheck and go through a new security
standard is it how you feeling wrong
now let you bring your squirrel sir do
you work here you work here can you tell
me what time are you getting well you're
already been booked you can get referred
customer you can get that golden
Platinum are you ready no like are you
actually ready for this have you ever
been on a flight this long it's not
Scotland is my language Scotland yeah
but I have no idea I think I'd like 7
hours maybe I don't know this is going
to be quite the trip we are gonna be on
a 30 second flight 13 hours just by
itself it's awesome literally a cruise
ship
ten dollar and ten bucks to hold your
tongue down on that now a five seconds
five seconds dude all I gots eight eight
bucks but you didn't do five seconds
that's a good deal yeah you're gonna
have a big you have to pop the tip of
its mom but New York City guys we got
our bags we got to actually haul out
come out into this AirTrain tram let's
go baby run we're gonna take our bags
because we're going on another airline
we had to actually get our bags recheck
into the New York City Airport JFK we
gotta get to that terminal which is
we're gonna take this thing
yeah you better enjoy it it's gonna be
the last cold air we're gonna feel for a
while it's about to get hot no you got
it you got it little extra stuff all
cheese hang on hang on your honor you
got a human bone they don't want you to
come I don't want you in here that's
actually what we're looking for
yeah
traveling always comes with unique
problems the airline we are on doesn't
open for another three hours so we're
kind of stuck outside the airport we had
to recheck and go through security again
but we can't do that to our Airlines
open stopping I'm thinking about food
and like survival right now water
you know they hope you guys you travel
and you just you just put in your mouth
yeah so is it nap would you get a
haircut on the nest last clip in a
matter half an hour you put that tongue
core bra what's up girl hi baby
thinks he's frozen well monster man came
all the service
we're just here waiting on our flight
and we're going to get a crazy flight
experience today something that we've
never ever had like wow any like you can
schedule a shower you guys are not
already so bored
nice oh they are um she's taking us to
our flight it's ready which I'm so sad
for you just left your purse Bret I
wanna get on that flight everything's in
here if it was a ten dollar purse you
were remembered
it's expensive so I'm so excited to see
this this the seat on a plane 13-hour
flight on some crazy seat I've never
seen before I saw yeah let's go check
this thing out I don't even know planes
like that existed that's that's a cruise
ship with wings
so Roma got the team back Roman is say
nothing about me sitting all the way in
the back back back with the luggage once
again are you excited for it it's so
crazy
whoa this is yours okay first of all
this feels like like there should be
like a group of people in here yeah but
this turns into a bed we got our own
pajamas in place what we're so out of
place you're straight up like it sucks
well I'm obviously too small look you
want to do your makeup right here boom
open this up you got a full a full
what's that called
what's that called a full vanity right
toothbrush we got soft so we've got
dental stuff we got ear plugs ear plugs
that's it that's a good one sleep relax
kid oh but what they do if like every
time they came by we're just putting it
all in your purse oil and miss hello
miss so this bench right here turns into
a chair right here look at this full
touch screen you can adjust the comfort
the massage has everything no what are
you doing any were you hurt are you you
made me hold it
like a minibar like this boom ha let's
just say your beds ready you're sitting
there yet your metal company hit this
that's just Brittany's room this isn't
this isn't ours this is hers mine is
right here
move it out move it out move it bake she
offer knows that nobody wants to be on
camera which is completely fine so
everyone's helping us out around here
but I'm not filming
we're up we're high in the sky we've got
a plane cameras you can watch there's
like a whole bunch of cameras that
rotate you can watch us fly
Wow 13 hours together this is so rare
like I don't know how it appears I don't
know how it usually appears but we don't
ever have a world like it's crazy like
you know whether it's our store or
business our kids our home is full of
people like we've never really we just
realized we're landing were like we have
so much time to talk I'm dining so far
Faramir
and is alive
okay guys this is pretty cool thing you
have a shower function I can shower
there's a shower on the plane
I've never showered on the plane so it
sounds like something that I just feel
like I should do it's like how often
ever in your life I've never been able
to do that shower I got past that up I'm
gonna take full advantage this is a time
around five minutes five minutes of hot
water I'm gonna make you talk baby
shower it's official we're showered off
plane
Oh first of all it's amazing it is so
refreshing especially being on a plane I
feel me
but I didn't see no cornfield sooner are
coming in I like it
we have landed in Abu Dhabi and we are
traveling to Dubai which is about an
hour and a half away and they have this
crazy place called last exit is it last
exit is that what it's called last exit
and it's set up with all these old cars
and like it's like this Capano now kind
of feels a little like home like you'd
be like I don't know Arizona or
something what you think well you know
what I think you have it I don't know
got a tool for Brian Brian they got a
toolbox full box for you right hand bags
in that house long rusty so everybody's
hungry from the flights and we just
thought I'll give you a little view of
this place but it's pretty cool and then
we're heading to Dubai we're gonna check
into our hotel it's kind of like settle
in day and then I don't know as you can
imagine it's gonna be Dubai so Wow
you know you are honestly in heaven in
here dude what's the odds you just walk
into a total tool shop normally film in
the bathroom but check it out gas pedal
sink hmm that's pretty cool man
thank you
day one here in Dubai and I think we
should go over some basic rules of the
land all right when a different country
isn't this isn't like free roam do
whatever you want let me explain some
basic ones alcohol not a big issue for
us but super strict non-muslims are
allowed to drink alcohol in dubai if
they're within licensed area surprise
like in our hotel we're fine
many of these are located in private
hotels which were at restaurants and
clubs it is illegal to purchase alcohol
and drink alcohol in your home without a
liquor license if you're at home you
can't buy unless you have a liquor
license that's that's pretty crazy well
dress code Brian this goes for you it is
best a dress on the conservative side
when in public areas such as malls
restaurants and streets rule of thumb
are not to wear too short of skirts or
shirt shorts Bob can is that for women
no offensive slogans on clothing
offensive behavior no matter how bad
driver is on the road do not comment or
show any actions of rage or offensive
gestures you can be reported to the
police and as an expert rate expert
expert ray you will be fined or
imprisoned road rage is not tolerated if
you are caught kissing and hugging in
public you could be fined and imprisoned
yes it says he says if it does say if
you are a married couple holding hands
as as far as you can go
so that's so behave all right behave out
there show respect we hug all the time
I'll make sure I'll bail you out of
prison I feel like that's some basic
basic we can follow
difficult like living the other thing we
got separate rooms so we're saying yo
chip by the way come check this out
everybody penis wait up in the light by
the way Julian follow us but you should
seen this guy fall on us take you got it
on film then yeah we're driving we're
driving to the hotel Julian's like what
we're all like on many many little hours
of sleep and he's like dozing off around
here's the mystery all right what is
this come on not the plastic play balls
in the sink what is that what is that
that's for if you get thirsty when you
know it's it's the exact level of the
toilet you sit on the toilet wash your
feet demonstrate like this that's what
my I was too far away most people can't
reach up what is that right I don't know
but they have a nice drink and found in
there you see this let's just put that
away it's on me you ready little lady
let's do it
Oh didn't you read the rules oh no
supposed to show your knees do mom so
you can see all the grass from your weed
eater on your ankles yo Brett you want
the Bentley the brettly like you oh my
gosh seriously let's get it let's take
the valley
is it nice your this building just
baffles me man look at that thing
you really don't see scale I can't show
you scale I've seen the building many
times on other youtubers on videos on
pictures but coming here I'm like
mind-blowing it's it's something else ok
so where we going right now you said
this is kind of like a rare thing right
it's like old / what does that mean it
only you sit as only like 10 days a year
you can go no there's a museum called
Sika Sika Art Fair it's Iike a part of
the bike government I organizing it they
do it once a year doing the art season
this month is device art Cesar so that
one week is gonna the sticker answer is
you're gonna see it it's all country
from the second pie or the name of the
fair today's the last day so I really
hope you guys will get to see a
different side of the bike this is a bit
different as an Art Fair that's in a
heritage site and the spinner on for 10
days today's the last day stay calm as
thick and Arabic means alleyways so it's
clearly two birds but I saw Perry the
Platypus I don't know do you guys see
Perry the poor
dude this is like Assassin's Creed
imagine just scaling at two Joo Jun
here's what's going on hey chase any
idea what my blogs flickering like
constantly but it's just the light it's
the light frequency but they just
started we Jake your brother just this
camera it's this camera it says yeah my
whole flight was flickers the lights on
the flight to Tangier I mean why not
it's like it's like the real deal let's
do it so this is for Turkish coffee it's
the Holy Grail tradition I can feel he's
blazing oh he's the coffee house ooh
that's like I just a coffee bean okay
guys we're bouncing around a little bit
the last place was like an old its coke
will do by the reason especially because
only ten days out of the year they close
those are actual houses and in streets
that they close and make an art museum
now we're gonna go look at what makes
you guys so special with their fancy
cars pick one out Bret it's just pick
one out it's on me all right oh hey I
was this guy how do you like that so
what's the story behind this guy
why do you think it's such a roll we
shall show you need to have options okay
but that's actually the worst car we
have at the dealership so so this is
like the piece of gum you try okay let's
move to the next one this would be fun
right this is like this is like a toy
it's not like to start slingshot engage
shaking bag
bethink Brett which one I mean you are
you serious here running out of options
either the Love Bug or the slingshot all
right what's this guy let's see I know
this I know what this is so I don't know
what it is I mean I know it's my
clarenbach right why don't you reveal on
come on oh my goodness hi they got this
thing smoked in that's my problem I best
picture you guys put on there so why'd
you print my face on it dude yo you
better put the ramps right down there
how to unlock it oh my god this thing's
like racing out what is that this is
this thing's loud isn't it Q's on the
right and then push start start let's go
so where we going bro that's the exit
right there we go yeah but there's
something in my way let's have some nice
dinner let's go let's have some dinner
and we have another one for the team
they hear you coming
and here are you coming and they see you
come picture fix oh my god you put my
face on the phone huh
here's a little better view of this
building ready
dudas giant fountains going off look at
the holy smokes oh that's it came out at
the right time I'm about to grab a
little dinner I know this is just
incredible guys like oh did it just well
next time we'll be in divine like you do
it I'll give you a hundred hugs cashed
oh that's right
yeah look at this building right now
everybody look at this building look at
this building look at this look at this
it's the little thing behind you look
back look back I'm baffled this is
technology pretty nice car you guys got
there whoever thought bride Billie would
be in a Bentley pretty jacked up looking
crowd in that Bentley well y'all Frank
from around here yes if the mother
doesn't love just hope they want to see
all right guys first of all the weather
is absolutely beautiful we've been in
the snow as you know very cold in Ohio
so we're hearing t-shirts shorts
whatever pretty much you want to wear
that we are headed back to our room to
end day one here in Dubai and we have a
crazy start tomorrow okay guys so
obviously we were ending our very first
day in Dubai we arrived kind of late we
did a couple cool things that we are
running on even though we had like the
killer seats we you slept better than me
but I slept about two and a half maybe
three hours on that 13-hour flight yeah
I know first of all thank you guys so
much for being a part of this trip
tomorrow we do we wake up early as you
will see and it weird I'm trying to end
the blog but I don't need to end it this
is all pointless we feel that we're here
in Dubai we've made it safe it is
absolutely beautiful this is more than I
could ever like I've seen pictures I've
seen videos it just doesn't it doesn't
do justice to the beauty and we're here
and every time we travel you know the
hardest part is leaving a house we have
a lot to leave we have it we have our
kids we have our baby girl we have a
business we have we are piled pretty
high with with with things to leave so
leaving together as always you know we
miss that leaving is always the hardest
some help here let's go gonna be damaged
got it for sure oh you gave me the heavy
one dude oh alright thanks man going all
the way you going all the way are you
going for us she's coming for us huh
Cora yeah big boo hi baby
where is he where is he huh get up boys
hug it up my boy so much see you guys
soon okay 13-hour flight 13 I mean total
if it was one flight 15 your mommy hugs
and loves look at flash he's trying to
get in on it give me love and give me
love that's a French kiss hey I love you
I see you soon okay I love you sleepy
girl it's time to pass out literally
pass out
today we're going skydiving so excited
man but I just I live with too many
times so my job is today's convince
chase to go last time I went skydiving I
had a hair on my head and then it just
went up HAP and I was coming down now I
have no more you know you know how we
fish at home like we fish we throw our
cast it out fish look how they fish in
Dubai bro this is the real deal right
here that's fish nets - I'm really
nervous and I do not want to jump out of
the clinch know why he's jumping because
anybody that doesn't jump out to get a
chat - I'm dying for a tattoo bro -
Brittany getting so chase and Veronica
are all gonna get camels I'm super
nervous huh yeah like when we get on
that plane my stomach's gonna drop for
sure no actually that is when it starts
because it's like there's no turn when
you're looking out of the plane and
you're so high up and they go we're
halfway oh my god and then you finally
read it and they go all you hear is just
dad
I think being really nervous is what
makes us so fun yeah I don't think if
you came in here with no fear I don't
think you would get the forks Peter you
don't come in here with your fear that
means you don't like your life no I
think I think it would take the thrill
out though you have the fun to me is
being scared of it yeah against what
makes it fun
you know it also makes it hard to do but
that's that's the challenge of the mine
there yeah you got to tell your mind
that you're doing it cuz your brain your
brain saying you can't fall from this
height brain don't know you have a
parachute on
I'm only 68 pounds per pearl are you
kidding me sweetie no you all get out of
this no - you okay - just lose some
weight real fast how many pounds over is
we can take a limo 92 so you guys are
right at the cusp I was has 68 holding
there you go gotta do it now
and if anything happens they're not
liable beeping out buying this stuff is
really scary I'm not even reading it you
go ahead talk Toto for tonight you're
gonna jump yeah men jump pretty much me
chase you're the only one that won't
jump dad it feel great you're gonna pick
that tattoo out bro it's gonna be the
baby feels crazy is hard aint skipping
he can go jump it's like a banana the
perfect body position for the perfect
skydive so basically you're just gonna
arch your body when the parachute opens
they still in relax
you're falling it you know Mach 1 and
then it's going to literally take you up
all right legs up slightly bit in front
of you so you know looking too hard your
instructor will perform the landing so
just remain calm keep your legs up make
sure he can do his job okay any
questions they should have on that board
the weight scale the weight should be on
that board because that doesn't even
matter if you know if you know
I barely spit in the furnace
no what do you think it even stayed on
she was like that wasn't on purpose but
we did flip it was so did you like it
John off the plane I laughed
hysterically I saw I saw when he dropped
out I just started busting laughs like I
couldn't stop laughing I was like I've
seen everybody going I'm like it's like
this go times real I think there's so
much weight on my already know anything
you guys are talking about
you're gonna do that was it was just a
minute
what was the
it was huge
I just saw like all the movements that
we have in common search start saying
and for me I was one of a brand that
didn't even have to do my super banks by
my t-shirt anybody thought that teacher
Grandmamma by teacher a club a t-shirt
it's been a big part of why I smile
years ago I made the decision that one
day my viewers will watch together I
want a family on it I will have kids say
mom and dad let's watch them involved
let's I want to create something that
every night families would watch
together
that was my actually warming channel not
something to talk about
that's what I wanted to do with my kids
and first question is what's what I
think because I see lots of news bears
hum which and now you in case also stop
vlogging and then you which definitely
quit warm up first
it's not new
and focus on the kids that question I'll
think about that put it my blog for uh
did she's born as had this year black
object in our face I'm like what's that
and I have a dozen photos meet each
other I'm not a single Vietnam
she's already watching entire you know
last eight months he stole my car
everything
thank you so much okay we're on the move
we're headed to somewhere called Nikki
Beach has been a great day so far I was
fortunate enough to do a talk here at
the whole reason I actually came here
was just for that moment that exact
thing right there ITP laughs summit
definitely something awesome to get to
do it's really I've never seen like that
you can roll down that's the executive
opportunity that you get and evently my
dude day two has already been also we're
headed to a place called Nikki Beach
which obviously I never heard of it
right never seen anything about it so
I'm assuming it's just a nice beach got
a swim gear check check check
it's all in it would you bring a knife
well so maybe we get a chance to get the
ocean which obviously would be amazing
super nice the cities just blow my mind
guys I can't get enough I just I just
can't get enough honestly only Dubai man
you just rolls-royce
Ferrari Ferrari Lambo Lambo it's like
they give on the way here everybody's
got on I mean we rode in a Rolls Royce
come on it's a Bentley what happen okay
thank God for the screen protector Oh
popping
oh hi guys so there's a beach connected
to this place we're shooting a little
scene of Brian and his mullet we're
doing like this slow-motion well I guess
maybe you've already seen it so connect
Nikki Beach so obviously this is Nikki
Beach but out back behind the place this
beautiful plate and the Sun is starting
to set it's just gorgeous out here
what'd you think of Dubai so far it's
like sorry what do you think you Dubai
so far the people are literally so
welcoming and so it's like no I don't
know I haven't been that many places in
the world but it's it's something I'm
telling you like all right guys
obviously saw a bunch of videos forgive
me everything it doesn't do justice the
people you're so like nice they have
like positive spirits about them when
you meet them and it feels good it's
like you feel you feel comfortable you
feel safe and then it's the environments
beautiful I mean look at this place has
everything so we're super happy to be
here super happy to bring you guys along
and yeah we're just gonna keep this
train rolling alright guys we are
warping over to a friend's place and I
got a treat for you are you ready
fine you know what it is so you got cars
on top of cars all right man give me a
tour give me a tour you know it's just
you know private party oh my god Wow
Oh guys p1 GTR here wait you got two of
them we need to before yeah for my god -
it's wrong I'm not sure what's your
favourite cars but mine is a p1 the
McLaren that is the dream car to me
right there that is my favourite car in
the world
holy smokes and then I'm sure a lot of
you know what this is so eight in the
world what's you know - give me an
actual number what's something like that
cost like roughly talking like no no no
- cars on topic are the cars up there
yeah you need a bigger garage this is
not the car collection yeah I don't know
how one obtains such vehicles but I
think even with the money right you got
it it's the mindset to buy something
like this even if you're how much money
you have you gotta make that purchase
that is because you have the mezzanine
you have to waste it right right this is
like this one there's no license plate
as you can tell even so you don't even
drive this I wouldn't drop it either
unwrap it bubble wrap and put it in the
closet there's only seven of those made
and you have one my gosh how are we even
gonna get that home hydroplane across
the ocean for 19 hours
this car right here is just on look at
the steering wheel guys like honestly
this come off and just hang at your room
I know when you're not driving it you
just look at the steering wheel oh my
gosh dude it's beautiful it really is
beautiful like how do you make an object
look so good
like it just genuinely looks amazing I
love these things so you sure that's the
one like that's the one there's only
eight of these in the world as one make
sure I get you the right car you know
like when you're spending a hundred
pennies on something no these are just
these are really just grown-up Power
Wheels guys you even plug them in look
this thing's charging right now believe
that this is kind of my garage right
this looks like my garage it is
absolutely beautiful day three ended by
here we go check this out oh I love
Dubai and then you got the Burj Khalifa
in the background which today taking a
pretty rare experience we're going to
the tippy tippy top of that building
I've already said this previously that
the cameras do no justice to the size of
this building I've seen pictures of this
before and when I got here I was just no
way
but right you look like it's worse right
now put the phone down look at Julian
getting the shots bah boom look at that
the angles everything's got it all chase
it I've already got the best angle of
you vlogging are you sure yeah
right now have you ever seen a pool this
big guys I mean I don't think your
Lobster
holy smokes but there's all these people
working inside of it right now probably
non-stop maintenance cleaning keeping
the floor clean the new transporte how
do I get it on let me get on your back
no you know okay I don't got that money
in my face don't you need a cool rag
country somebody get him a cool ride
oh wait look at this come here look at
this whoa Wow see what you did Julian Oh
Julian Oh you'll just wait how did you
do that knock it over how did you do the
lightning do the lightning again do it I
think it's just doing its own thing now
okay it seems like there's gonna be a
lot of elevator rides we've just gone up
to some point not very high but you can
see where we're getting somewhere
just where it all started mm for those
guys by 2005 structure started 2006
level 50 complete 2007 level 100 2008 a
hundred and sixty levels and completion
in 2009 Jen Jen Jen Jen O'Brien you're
working on the toilets in here know
anything about the plumbing I think they
got a toilet down on floor 98 right now
33 34 35 36 37 we're fine
they were like totally behind the scenes
we just came up and then we go on in I
think we're going up even higher
I don't know can't feel it moving so
even once you make it to the top there's
the secret elevators that go up even
higher this is how it all you just walk
up here Oh what is this juice orange
lemon mint and pineapple you have Jolly
Rancher here we go
look at this oh there's a balcony I
serious well Wubbzy
Yeow but look at the pools bay then
that's where we just were hang on hang
on so this is a crazy party you're not
even actually at the top there's still
like a whole nother building above us I
know imagine like running out to get
groceries yeah like you got to go get
something well this place apart has
everything in it you know you probably
never have to have to leave it's amazing
how much more building is above us and
those are people live up present
forgetting your keys in your car
you ready bread there we go hello Eddie
you barely lift me yeah this place
doesn't even feel real man it's like I
it's like I feel like I'm in like us or
something like this is like a fake
planet it's just so crazy does it not
feel like kind of like unreal like it
doesn't actually exist like a projection
you know it seems almost impossible to
me that we're in the middle of the
desert like I mean you seen from the top
of that building you got the city and
then you're just desert it seems a
little impossible and there's a place to
go snowboarding skiing - you know that's
crazy
it's crazy how often they have to make
snow a meat locker
yeah like do they just make smell like
ones here and it just stays or dirty the
snow we get dirty the high you got a
fresh mountain fresh so we're just
cruising we're headed there there's a
really indoor ski place just for real
not very convincing yeah but fuzzy but
cozy say with me high school I don't
even know all right this is the Mall of
Emirates apparently there is a ski
resort in
I don't know okay guys so we are in the
mall and there actually is a ski resort
what the heck is this okay wait it's
like a luge - there's like a racetrack
it's like a racetrack there's ski lifts
there's so you know we went skiing for
your birthday and I did I blew my back
out right
so I ruined your whole birthday I
brought you all the way to Dubai I
brought you all the way to Dubai to go
skiing yeah those were pretty cool
hey y'all style about the gear they give
you is nice like you guys look legit
right baby it's like we brought our own
stuff look at that you know what's the
others in Dubai right now house more
snow than we do in Ohio no we are legit
in a mall right now all skied up the
weird ski lift dude you're literally and
I'm all
so it's amazing it gets to redeem itself
yeah oh my gosh guys no
yo it's real snow look at that Hills
pretty dope yeah are you ready indoor
Redemption right here Eddie
wait here take these take this ready
take this on
no you just gave it to me but they're
too small hey bro can I just renamed
your whole birthday right there oh my
god that looks terrible you know all I
know is you guys better have an
ambulance on deck
plus some I'm gonna be filming I can't
really use a glove I have to keep taking
it all you ready for this
here we go here we go here we go have a
seat actually why don't they have these
at more places that's so much safer look
at this snow piled up you think it's
fake or real if it's fake everything
fake or real yo we were just in the
desert 90 degrees 31 they'll see us if
it starts raining - here I believe we're
back you know look at that job good job
all right we've reached the top reached
it look at this look at this it's crazy
all right country this is the kind of
the test run you got to drop into this
all right no pressure
do not take all of it
you got this yo is this crazy you're at
a mall right now Britt you're not
shopping the crazy part is not the ski
shop it in the mall right now where are
you going John chi Chi Chi Chi Chi Chi
Chi we're gonna do this so our goal is
probably good left side cuz it gets a
little less steep I think it's that
steep so we want to just feel it out
whatever you do don't go straight I'm
cheering for you bro just don't go
straight try to stay just like this and
kind of lean with your uh your heels you
got it give me a human snowball here we
go here we go he's got it Oh sh oh let
the board do all the work okay it's
gonna be a long wait look at my hand
always wear gloves what do you think
first experience down here I'm walking
downhill it's hard right yeah my hands
are shot rough that's alright you got
walked down anyway try Superman it's
just Superman it yeah nice knowing your
father he ain't gonna make it halfway oh
my god
okay vlogging in snowboarding never been
really good at it never been really good
at snowboarding but I can stop that
makes it a little easier yeah pretty fun
dude I know trust me here take out a son
oh ma you know you can't get in this run
Polaris you hey you said only km for you
sorry bro we can pull you on the sled I
picked up a sled I got the police oh man
we have been invited whoo they call it a
pin
maybe if armed not sure exactly what
it's called but we invited here for some
food and then they're taking us on a
crazy scourging with I'm just gonna
bring you your first camel ride yeah
this stand-up is crazy did you think
they were that tall tall it's like a
giraffe is nervous no it's a camel it's
not a it's not a remote-control car
he said just you gotta hop on quick hey
yo so big no yo these are beautiful
animals holy hold on how come yours is
so far back scorpion bro oh man this is
cool this is super cool man again
they're big they're so big I can't
believe how tall these camels are I
guess camels in general look he's
looking at me look what you got up there
is that edible can I eat it what you
think red you love it yo he likes to
just be up
yo this guy's whoa look at this beauty
look how little this truck is I hate it
so much
yeah I was eating said are you gonna
help he doesn't get much like cooler and
that's beautiful
ramen ramen boy shake my back
bro I seen you that happy since you at
the hardware store man you having a
blast well the Sun just went down yeah
break it Brian break it Brian in the
house having a good time
she's bleeding she's bleeding now
the most fun things ever
like just one gigantic infinite
playground you can just drive forever
we're about to go all the way up there
now oh what a day it's like right
motorstorm out here have a good time
so awesome just hang out here all night
we should just set up just camp up here
I got some water oh good so we have come
back and they are all treating us to
decorate their like preparing and
cooking right anything we want just
order anything you want this my man yeah
this would be yeah this is Jesus much'
Bellona yeah like a bra yeah then you
put the meat in there yeah yeah how does
it get any better thank you guys so much
so it is tradition to eat with only your
hands here so we're eating rice and lamb
and we're just using our hands you can
dig in
we just arrived at the ITP off their
retreat mr. Damon they know how to treat
their guests right here look at this we
never have McDonald's from Dubai I will
say every time I've traveled and I've
had McDonald's it tastes different
different countries like when I went to
like China and Thailand and Germany it
seemed to have a different thing going
on a different flavor so we're gonna try
it right now I don't know you look good
man all I nobody tell you Duncan he's
about to do her on camera a cosmopolitan
is a cosmopolitan cosmopolitan interview
what are you going to talk about I know
how do you say it Cosmo what are you
gonna talk about Brian's construction
weekly you'll be doing your interview
for construction weekly it's different
yeah and what what the contents
different yeah because you're in it so
explain it so we're gonna do we're gonna
do kick it kick it kick cancer in the
bend yeah yeah and we're gonna we're
gonna I mean temperature you think it'll
take me to get it in that bucket that's
nice I reckon you're 13 3 3 do you drop
kicker do you kick it from the floor ok
man that's it we're on the rooftop here
at ITP and they want me to attempt kick
actually I think everybody should do it
no let's all do it everybody should do
it yeah so you think I can get that in
three tries you look like someone that
will nail it like you look like you can
do that yeah I'm gonna try to vlog hit
it well that's a tough one
there we go and you can aim it ready
try like 20 different things I'd I got
it now let me try for real there's one
more one more
yes is hard way to fighters under step
back I just step back there we go it's
not basketball bro you're fiddling
countries
that's what I well you gotta like tiny
tap just give it a little tap tap
tap-a-roo a little a little tap it just
wants to go home it just wants to go
home we're gonna take that as a win this
is gonna be ok here I guess I don't I
don't wanna leave my car like this he's
good ok ok ok guys we are in this is
this is Dubai it is like the City of
Gold and apparently they have vending
machines if you don't know anything
about metal silver gold it's it's very
valuable
it is a currency right so you buy it
when it's low and you sell it when it's
higher you collected you hope that
everything crashes and then your goal
becomes very valuable so apparently in
Dubai they have vending machines I've
never heard of this in my life vending
machines where you can purchase or go
home
surround the home look where right now
apparently it's here they've brought us
to here to find gold there's gold here
vending machines would take some home
for my family
we try again try again come on let's go
come on get in get in get in get in girl
I just sneak in sneak in like lightly be
light on your feet or anything notice
you honey okay now shut the door tiptoe
yours
bow tiptoe tiptoe
it's cuz I don't care Brett sneak in
sneak in okay okay we're going up
so we're hiking through this say that
they're taking us and we know what we're
going we're in like this rate I don't
know it's like a normal kind of like
toys like a like a month like our little
moment yo these are cool it's not here
no more oh no it's been removed you know
part of me okay so it has been removed
from this area it's gonna be a journey
it's gonna be an adventure to find gold
maybe we're on a treasure map
well we're looking for gold technically
I'm not sure yeah oh my god you should
get some of these we need a map we need
to find this you found a map digital map
digital map no no no that's all the way
out on the palm no no way
I mean Oh what do you mean that's it
what are we going to dig it up out of
the sand is that where it is
nothing they said they removed it do we
need like Indiana Jones we need like
just the gold fine a Nicholas Cage and
find it yeah call them up I got a month
okay call him real quick this is a
failed mission we have failed here at
this place yeah just gotta keep moving
this treasure hunter you get clues you
you find out where things are but you
have to keep move I just want to buy you
a piece of gold is that so hard I mean
there's okay we've just entered the
biggest mall in the entire world - Dubai
Mall look at these things look at these
you have to hop on these things that
drive them around the mall so small and
we've already been told that there is no
old vending machine here I think there's
a myth there's no gold vending machines
is there tell me the truth there is gold
everywhere I wanted to show I wanted to
see this I wanted to see how you put
money in a gold coin no no gold coin
comes out no imagine like if the vending
machine was shaped like a treasure chest
or I can put your money and then that it
opens and a coin comes out like a clam
with a pearl
all these vending machines all these
machines and no gold how you guys
enjoying a ride like that do you like it
a lot easier than walking your pony
oh you walk camels alright guys I found
a map a map where's the gold gonna look
at this aquarium don't imagine if that
those still existed imagine running from
that imagine the heads so little they
just leave eat leaves and plants
dude there's an indoor ice skating rink
in the mall
penguins nowhere oh I see up there yeah
there's an ice-skating rink in the mall
I mean I should be surprised we saw snow
is a ski resort and the other it looks
like I'm flying through the city but
really it's just the wall yeah like a
real simulation okay they brought us in
to a VR room and check it out the
computers are on backpacks so you can
walk around the entire room in VR we're
gonna play three players me Britton
chase and they had all the house is
gonna translate on here you see each
other in the game you see it yeah that
is you in purple I don't want to live in
a place like this eat it
take your bed
what I didn't out naked bag take him
back I'm getting my gurney ride today
got to be under 100 kilos since 20 min
its maximum weight is 100 kilogram the
minimum should be 50 kilo gram to the
machine be off a little bit try again
the Acura try again try again thinking
like being right next time next time
good bye
we just finished some zipline maybe you
should Dave Reiff it is our last day in
Dubai our full day in Dubai we're headed
out to the desert we have supercar
baloney with us we have both vlogs
ourselves and we're headed out to have
some fun in the deserts of supercars
obviously exciting everybody likes fast
cars I do I'm in a Ferrari 430 it was
the oldest one in the world yeah I was
the longest dimpling in the world the
initial like it was
oh my god there's so much sand on the
road like I hide like a road like that
the car just started sliding like no
it's actually really hard to drive okay
guys we are out in the middle of nowhere
on this amazing road it just it
dead-ends here and turns and then you
just have stretches looks like a drag
strip it's not but it looks like it they
printed my face on the car look super
car blondie what's up cars beautiful
absolutely beautiful mo vlogs what's up
his cars up front what kind of car is
that you guys these guys Brittany are
like in the back like these guys take
off and it just sounds amazing to just
dragons
you got their short-shifting like granny
oh no I'm getting used to the sand you
know it was almost until the end
I was actually manual shifting it was in
Auto who's short shift in itself so
here's the idea we've got a ski rope ski
pole and then we got these boards that
we're an attempt to well we're gonna try
on the truck first okay if it works well
these are is this an actual ski sanborn
so this is made for the sand it's a
little different than a snowboard I
guess it's just wood I'm not sure and
then if it does work then we'll be
hooking it to something like the Ferrari
or the Lamborghini and get a really cool
shot going down this road have to go
down the road
you see that little yellow circle uh-huh
what does that get out of it means you
can't fly yeah won't let me take off
well geez cuz he said we're by a
military base we've got the giant rock
we're gonna move down here because you
can't fly a drone where we're at and
we're gonna attempt to do some sandbar
what's called sand boarding but
snowboarding where we're from
this place is crazy guys it's just so
much sand we were chasing the Sun it is
it's actually officially going down
right now it's sad it golden our baby
you ready you gonna try it here's the
plan right now back the truck up to here
can't really tell on camera best of all
300-foot right there the real trick is
not getting stuck the sand eats these
tires up and I'm not pulling I got it I
got it go go go go four-wheel drive can
just extend the rope past the the ramp
oh my gosh it's way bigger than it looks
I think this is gonna end a double are
you doubling fast Freddy
alright see dog Oh guys this is a crazy
lip right here go cha-cha
oh my gosh
it just takes it did you try to hang on
it just rips out you know we start
calling you the Sandman everywhere I
know it's really dark but we're heading
out of the desert which I could spend
guys I could spend so much time out here
like side-by-sides ATVs dirt bikes
whatever I could spend so much time I
it's so much fun okay they have some
actual local food this is what is a
falafel waffle to me visit country
what's your falafel story true yeah and
I would have told you this if I would
have had that two days ago the amount of
weight I dropped out I would have
definitely made that skill yeah I don't
want to waste the sandwich so to get
back we're gonna get her back now I had
the same problem I had to
you don't like a loaf of either I don't
know I've never tried it something so
let's try it together right now I've
never had it either pulling out backing
at me let me let me have it you fought
for my country
let's see this I gotta try and write
like Tamar so if this messes you up
are you serious what everybody say that
yes what is that I don't know that's why
I want to try second tomato
the real test new try by cats don't like
falafel here don't drop our baby oh you
just want to love local love all right
and we're off falafel is actually pretty
good you didn't you sure you don't wanna
try it's not too late it's a local local
stuff I'm gonna say goodbye
No thank you so much man you come to the
state come visit I'll just come back
here thanks for having us awesome party
guys we are back in his shower time it's
not workout time anyway guys gonna throw
some love to one of our sponsors over $1
shave club if you're a man like me I
mean let's just face it baby I'm a
real-life man you don't you don't just
grow this being a child I'm a man you
need a good razor maybe you know
somebody that needs a razor grandma
grandpa everybody uses so many people
use razors you use the razor every day
when you don't Dollar Shave Club is all
about the best razors guys and you can
get the whole starter kit right now for
five dollars it's a full cassette of
power to used already use those I'm just
gonna read you exactly what you use
there's no confusion I even had to look
it up there's so much stuff you get the
whole starter kit for five bucks all
right so you get the raise you get the
whole pack of blade that's one day the
executive and full cassette cartridges
plus it also has three trial sized
versions of their most popular product
shade bar body wash and a pack believe
it or not wipes that's a real thing
that's a real thing maybe code for Cora
you guys this offer is exclusive right
now for you it's five dollar deal the
whole starter pack you get you get a
bunch of stuff it is exclusive at
dollarshaveclub.com slash Roman my name
our women use it get it get your friends
a kit get your mama kits grandma okay
get your Brittany and kick your butt
jibba jibba jibba jibba jibba doing
business there you go guys one of our
sponsors give up some love Dollar Shave
Club links are in the description click
on you know what to do if you're
interested
don't get it it's time to really clean
it sound a really clean we have to pack
with the shower we have to shave we have
to that's I got distracted actually but
guys is that it is our very last by the
way bathtubs been a riot it is our very
last night action we leave it like 6:00
in the morning tomorrow 15 14 15 15 a
half hour flight to New York and from
New York we get to go home see the
family which this will all be included
in this video
going home being a part of it I noticed
a very long video so thank you guys for
being a part of it super exciting shower
has been ready look at this this is the
best shower get cleaned up and we're
gonna head to the airport
okay guys we've we made it to the
airport something I never explained in
this videos when we got here the airport
took our drone our big inspired drone we
never got to use on this trip so now we
have to try to get it back so then we
get it back into the states I have no
idea we don't even know how to get it
back but we're here
I've been sitting in this back office
for about 20 minute and nobody has come
in here in the paper I have is all in
Arabic so I have no idea what anything
says okay here's a crazy story
customs took so long to get that drunk
I'm super frustrated right now
we have now missed our flight and they
will not let us on the plane like we're
still an ah Britney's been crying like
we have so much time to get on this
flight like an hour and a half until the
flight even leave they will not allow us
on the plane so now the next flight is
not until 3:00 a.m. tomorrow we're stuck
here and Abu Dhabi until tomorrow like
there's no options if we try to call
everybody talk to the Airlines manager
everybody cannot get on that flight so
now we're looking for a hotel okay well
this is home for the next until tomorrow
oh man what a turn of events seriously
there's a pole upstairs so I might be
good
okay guys after a very long and very
poorly filmed adventure we're back at
the airport it was like 15 hours since
we were here and we made it be ready and
we've made it to our gate we're gonna
make done this light and we're gonna go
home we're gonna miss Easter which is
terrible that's like our perfect I don't
know it's a big family days that sucks
there's no food mmm looking for a little
food what gets me through a lot whether
it's true or false is that everything
happens for a reason and I was so upset
that we didn't get on that flight but we
got that hotel room and we slept for
like how long did I sleep hibernation
full sleep mode and I feel amazing now
whatever reason I didn't get on that
flight was for a reason and we're here
now I feel way better 15 hour flight to
New York and then home to the kids to
the house to the family to the donkey to
the dog to the wall don't to look at
this plane I'm going to see it out there
shuffle 2:00 in the morning we were
leaving up it up right now
look at that thing
wow wow wow wow look these planes are so
big I mean it's just uh it's just it
goes forever and this is upstairs
there's two floors huh
the back of the bus baby this is us now
I can do I can go over there what side
you want you know when you don't make
your first flight out of the country it
feels really good to be on the second so
we've got fourteen and a half hours ish
it's 2:30 in the morning now and I feel
pretty good feels like four o'clock p.m.
at home it is they should say it for a
while
it's Easter right now at Easter we're
gonna miss something some Easter with
the family but we're gonna get home okay
okay I'm so jet-lagged guys can we feed
him potatoes I love this part they have
cameras they can watch this is the tail
of the plane I was really hard to see
but I totally cool you can watch an
entire trip on the TVs on the airplane
also that's like your girl's body a
piece piece
I'm just kidding I love you I love you
come back
here we go whorfin past 20-plus hours of
travel we're a home we are in columbus
ohio or home and it's chilly but it's
nice it's like the sun's out how often
we find home in the sun's out it's so
red so yeah guys we're ordering home
can't thank you enough for joining us in
this very long journey uh you know the
best thing about leaving coming home
getting to the kids getting to the
family act like that makes the
excitement of coming home so amazing it
feels good to truly make kids miss us we
miss them it's just the sunshine I made
predictions that it would truly be
raining here it was actually raining
when we flew in the New York or a little
bit and I was like I knew it it's gonna
be rainy it's gonna be cold and you girl
from Dubai everything feels cool yes not
bad it's beautiful so we're just gonna
jump right to it we're gonna jump home
into that door and I'm just gonna roll
cams and hopefully all goes well kids
come in they missed us
flashy boy what's up he's gonna go crazy
gotta come in yeah we gotta come in oh
there's one what's up dude there's two
especially where's the food let's go get
Korra let's go get Korra I think you got
much bigger
here's towles I'm not even holding you
now your toes I am hey girl
come on how are you good how are you I
am good to be home and I was like I'm
waiting for you good hey little monster
peekaboo mama get these I'm gonna get
these kids I'm gonna get these kids wow
I feel miss I feel love when I saw the
Sun I was like there's hope there's hope
here I thought we're gonna have to grab
all you guys and just move out I see
your little tooth in there I see your
little tooth you want to vlog go show me
walking around okay so while we've been
gone if you follow the channel then you
know Noah has been working with my dad
to paint he's been working on paintings
and he's got a new one and it looks huge
this this this thing is gigantic oh my
here we go here we go I'm ready
Noah's biggest painting yet I'm ready
whoa that thing is beautiful
holy smokes we seen that your signature
nat wood dude that's breathtaking dude
can I hang it by the pinball machine
yeah where else you gonna hang it oh no
the world needs to see this the world
needs to see it dude I thought it was
gonna be a stick figure you drivin where
you goin
oh she's making so many new noises oh
boy I know I had a couple crazy birds
living with us you guys got this place
looking like a daycare center you guys
want to yell take it outside yeah you're
gonna choke yourself knock it off
nose over here being a good kid just
build things this go well guys I hope
you enjoyed our journey coming out here
checking on smile more everything is
rocking everything still rolls whether
we're home or not the company still
rolls the merch still goes out thank you
guys for being a part of this crazy
journey this long trip in and honestly
if you're watching at this point the
video indeed did you really watch the
whole video give this video a big like
if you really sat and watch the whole
video even if you skipped a little but
you're here at the end
that's crazy thank you so much I know
this was a big giant video I'd been gone
a little while so there's so much hate
just waiting for me to come back you
know there no matter what I come back
with there's there's people that are
just angry that I thought that I that I
left for a bit so we have that and then
I also thought what if I just come back
with a vlog 10 minute 15 minute vlog and
you've been gone for three weeks just
for this but then I come out with a long
video and it's like it's too long it's I
just really wanted to do something that
I wanted to do on this this is really me
right here this was really me right here
so I hope you enjoyed it if you did all
the love is appreciated and down I will
be jumping on some regular vlogging this
week so you'll be seeing us just some
regular vlogs get back into the swing of
things so that's really it I really hope
you enjoyed it we will see you again
soon and thanks for all the love guys
seriously thanks for sticking around
being so supportive and I love you so
much beautiful you're one of a kind
smile more
