what up guys welcome to the vlog I am
kind of running around like crazy right
now I'm trying to get out of here I'm
actually late as always let's go don't
forget I'm a hundred percent forgetting
something
hope you guys are having an awesome day
what's up guys we'll see you soon we'll
see you soon yeah no I wouldn't hang out
I really would but I'm late
I gotta go I know no idea I can yeah I'm
sorry should be a pretty unique fun day
I don't really know what to expect I've
never done this before so let's go let's
do it do I have everything
yeah I got my camera so I need I need
you guys dude this is the worst feeling
right here when you can't get your foot
in a shoe I hate that Bridget yeah how
you doing good it is a beautiful
beautiful day in LA super fan I like
that
well I came at the right time with
somebody I smell actually already ate
what's up V star bro how you doing man
looking good love the hair you know his
eyebrows they painted the eyebrows I
said tan man you look so tan I do yeah
you do I'm gonna get everybody with the
food in their mouth what's up guys this
table of craziness yep only Casey be
flying a drone right over ahead of the
entire set right now
very good at you I would already crash
it no flies on it it's forcing me to
land I just turned my camera off I swear
I turn my button off II hit the wires
boom it doesn't look it only has one
blade missing well you should have a
case of spares with you dude these
incredibly durable I'm so mad I miss
that so I'm kicking myself this is so
insane look amazing okay so oh my god
it's a real airport yeah he's wondering
how to film an airport this is so huge
we have a whole airplane look at this so
if you want to know how movies are
filmed on airplanes this is it this is
an airplane set this is where you go to
film inside an airplane this is so
awesome just to have an empty plane to
film I want to do something on here to
trick you guys like a trick because what
could I do on an airplane that you would
be like oh my god what do you do here
okay I know what I'm gonna do on the
plane am I getting Logan to help me out
Alex we're gonna gather everyone we can
to get on the plane and make it look
like we had a party on they're hiding
they're all in there deluxe trailers
alright nobody believes me that there
was power in this plane there was dude
it was all planes really have this mini
button what do all these do in real life
like all them gauges
whoa
that's what well think he just didn't
Star Wars dude he's an addict alfon and
cool man this is a cool experience for
sure I've never seen an airplane set so
pretty exciting this is what a
first-class cabin used to look like
weren't still does I don't know I said
1970 this is where all 97 1970 Rome and
you were - twelve years old maybe this
is like kids in a candy store for guys
that fly all the time
we're always on planes this is really
cool so the whole point of this entire
crazy set is for a movie which I have a
very cool part and unfortunately I'll
show you the scene but I am playing a
baggage handler with a hysterical part I
guarantee when you watch it you will
laugh out loud so what do baggage
handlers wear okay you don't even know
overall Dickies
what yours is moving to so this is what
a baggage handler wears it's kind of TSA
is right Oh perfect
we'll give it a shot this is makeup nice
hello how are you I need to look like a
baggage handler TSA oh she's really
though she's not due to another half an
hour
it's like we're gonna have a little
problem they told me 1:30 it is 159 so
rubbing yours is Roman that is you I
believe you so much more than a hi buddy
MC Hammer pants bro nice
I got do different shoelaces I'm gonna
 you are clean up dude
okay the makeup I'm a nama serious look
like a different human yeah I'll take it
if I've learned anything about Hollywood
in LA and I'm sure you guys can agree
it's it's the whole hurry-up-and-wait
method my call time was 1:30 I was early
you were early
yeah like 45 I got here yeah cool guy
it's now 417 and I haven't even shot
yeah that's just the 11 that's Hollywood
8 8 a.m. 8 a.m. and then I shot from
like 9 to 10 and I've been here since
10:00 complainers snacks the best these
guys are the best craft he's ever we've
all used you jump on some clothes on row
okay so we just shot a crazy scene when
you see this crazy movie you'll know
exactly what this is this do got covered
it was so much fun that was it yeah
you're a hero dude yeah about that I
can't leave you had pins installed in
your waist so that you could wear this
no that's dedication shopping this is
new vlogging this will be the future of
vlogging right here to the max when
Roman Atwood gets a red camera look a
thousand other camera that he's in have
to wear this thing all the time how much
is 30,000 oh I feel your pain this is
fun five hundred dollars sixty yeah
that's amazing it's amazing I can't even
express like the food here is insane so
we wrap for the day and they're just
cooking all this food all this food this
guy is the best burger cooker in the
city right here
Jorge yes what's my name
okay we have finally left do that was
all day
that wasn't all day adventure the Sun is
going down if you watched yesterday's
vlogging you know I did my own rap
during the flying into LA that was
because of this guy no rehearsal at all
I recorded that one take and put it in
the blog in it was a joke
it was so good nobody was not good I saw
you guys leave in comments that I think
you were serious you were like start
rapping and I was like dude was a total
joke no way no way was that good so I
wanted to let you know that I just kick
you more think you can do it show do it
again oh so you think this rapping
things funny oh you think it's a joke
this is my career
yo I need I need some help your
outlets you ready
you are Daleks you take it from here
come at me bro and I'm not straight out
all I do is be making the rain that's
what girls in LA these screaming my name
like mr. wasabi can I call you copy
I'd be like nah you need to find another
hobby cuz I heard rusty on the dub dub
so when you come around I'll be like no
no row row row your boat gently down the
stream haters be hitting on me cuz they
really mean all I wanna do is be on the
team they don't understand cuz they see
no dream he knows what I mean she knows
what I mean Roman knows what I mean cuz
he's on my team do I know what I mean
love the look can you just stop being
mean guys please I really hurt my
feelings
knick-knack paddywhack give a dog a bone
I'm the best rapper and everybody knows
let me drop some verses imma show you
how it goes sickness flow on the web
everybody's want mouth Alex got the
looks
Lucy got that nose I'm just chilling
here eating all my Oreos I'll be killing
you spitting all straight to the dome
keeping up with he's a myth go ahead and
go on home I'll take you down you'll end
up on the ball and on your way out don't
forget to smile more
this is three grown men this is bad this
hurts this is not good don't like it I'm
fine with you doing but you have to
understand we did not just produce a
good product okay that was the best
music video so uh yeah that's that's our
that's our that was a wrap I feel that
you know the lyrics weren't bad know
that video alright guys that is gonna do
I think that's a good spot to go because
most of you probably are not no longer
with us on the wall yeah just threw that
together I'm gonna in the vlog right now
that was is a fun disaster that's what I
like to call that a fun disaster it's
just fun it's us having fun that's what
this is all about right we love you guys
thanks for all the support through the
bad blocks and the good we love you we
hope you had fun
that's all that's about don't forget you
know beautiful and the one-of-a-kind and
they're important well you forgot a big
piece of the puzzle all right love you
guys thanks for everything we'll see you
tomorrow
come on my baby the loves that my baby
loves that man
you bet your babies look good just a
little like it keeps them from grunt no
it keeps them from crime
