hey guys good morning it is very early
check this out we never see this this
giant starfish check him out dude oh my
god I don't know where he's going right
now but I'm glad
bye sis
look you guys are feeling great morning
evening night whatever time it is I hope
you're feeling great I hope you're
pushing through any problems you might
be having
I am headed to Los Angeles for a very
quick trip fun stuff Columbus Airport
here we are
yo it's about you real because I'm on a
plane I'm even getting served a meal my
name is Roman I'm on a jet to LA
everybody knows that it's sunny today
it's like a beautiful middle palace of
fun
Punky's gonna hang out in the Sun I
wanna pawn money cuz I'm away from my
kids
just like that we have warped about five
hours hope you guys are having an
awesome day the weather's beautiful we
made it to Los Angeles look at this
place and every day why no hi good how
you doing really good thanks for picking
me up you have a hard time believing
that it's this nice every day it's so
nice here every day I guess when you
live in a place like Ohio we just really
appreciate this weather oh I can't stop
I can't get enough of it so I actually
got to Los Angeles a day early I don't
have to technically be here till
tomorrow for a project I'm working on so
I'm gonna hook up with some friends
today and try to pull off something fun
for you guys no telling what's gonna
happen but it's gonna be fun either way
yeah
beautiful did you miss me so it's up do
you might as well just make that room
downstairs mine
when we got announced this tour dates
dude oh yeah but you really liked it
hey good I'm gonna have them yeah what
you just Oh No
don't even act like you offered it to me
I brought - yeah me for disguise out in
public what a hater do you actually like
it on these are the samples you guys
know these are the samples boy that does
look good on you though hey turn that
tag off that looks bad
no I gotta go fill my stomach really bad
I gotta go fill my Zelda fans I'm with
you I feel it and Mickey Mouse what you
wearing a Mickey Mouse shirt
I gotta go film I'm gonna go film do you
want to go now you're probably busy you
forgot these do what they like my ear
but where are you going my ear buds
Hollywood Hollywood Hollywood look at
all the stars what's up what's up
how'd it be good it'll be good
I go where daddy goes I'm a beer but you
got some baby bottle perfect and then of
course the e-cigs alright so got my man
burn with me what's up dude so excited
to do something you so technically I
didn't have any time in that way I had a
little free time so I think it was your
idea
back in the day like yes somebody
basically
Verne's gonna play my baby and he's
gonna be smoky he's gonna be you know
whatever you name it he's gonna be a bad
baby
stepping on your beer sippin on gin and
juice hopefully people react because out
in Hollywood they seen it all like
everybody's seen everything out here so
it's hard to shock people in Ohio this
would be crazy people would flip out
people would call the cops to just let
this baby smoke out now Leigh I
guarantee there's a baby smoking on the
street so what's up Ali Ali Ali how's it
going what's up dude are you gonna quit
crying you're gonna quit crying alright
one more hit one more that's it
what's up man oh you got one too my baby
loves it my baby loves that man just a
little like it keeps him from drunk no
it keeps him from crime hey it's Dave
that's a backhoe we what we think it is
Oh yours is weed no he only gets tobacco
okay this year tobacco is bad but it it
helps him see he doesn't cry maybe it is
weed cuz he sleeps all day and he cries
a little is this a real baby under here
yeah yo hey thanks for being thanks for
being a good guy you know everybody's
walked by here hasn't cared at all hey
man I'm trying to teach my baby how to
use it but do you want it or not he
doesn't know how I don't know how babe
my baby can't really figure it out it's
like not not going in writer
you shouldn't smoke that's enough I'm
not giving them a cigarette it's just
light tobacco like a little but it helps
them sleep but it keeps them quiet
laughter I don't have to hear him
between his mom yappin and him I just
can't take it I got to give him
something supplements it's bad right
yeah it's bad dude listen well for a
three-year-old too much hay smokes too
much for three oh all right how do you
guys think it's going I think it's going
okay we're getting a lot of people that
are just like it's like the
old-fashioned pee prank identify guys
it's a lot of just look reactions it's
not a lot of little it's shocking we've
only had a couple people like stop and
like say that what I'm doing is wrong
everybody else is just laughing it's
funny it's Hollywood
all right so we're gonna pack it up
ahead to the next location how you
feeling man it was fun wait does it
doesn't have anything in it oh it's just
smoke right really thank you Ben you
know that definitely has look at the
juice I knows nothing about it's got
it's got a power
so your trunk you know what we did get
some fun reaction like fun
it wasn't crazy it wasn't a big mistress
fun I think you did a good job as to
smoking baby alright guys it's been a
super fun day already so I'm gonna go
ahead and in the vlog I know it sucks
right now to do this right now
no I'm kidding I'm kidding we're not
stopping today we are going to shoot two
more videos - yeah we I'm gonna be
honest with you so the video that we
just shot with burn we were hoping for a
main Channel video but halfway through I
was like this is never gonna make a main
channel video this is a fun vlog video
because it's just fun I people aren't
going crazy it's just a good gag
pretty much so it became a vlog video
for you guys now we're gonna go to
Alex's shoot some more videos and what
you can't keep rolling I don't know what
to say we're just we're just hustling
today all day not stopping we're not
stopping until this travel when we're
stopped we're gonna stop for a second
come here boy
hey dude oh my gosh I think you weigh
more than Kane you the place is so
different it looks so good in here man
you know we changed Wow I got to see
okay for those of you that don't know
most of you do you usually when I come
to LA I stay with Alex Alex would let me
sleep in his kitchen I'm not kidding
this is his kitchen but inside this
closet was my bedroom and you've changed
it yeah you've changed it now it's a
nice little office probably the coolest
office I've ever seen Sean show how cool
is this this one's here alright
everything that stays on this desk
doesn't have to be taken out you can
keep it there oh my yeah I have to get
it the only thing we got to change about
how hard the Harvey squisher yeah the
only got changes this yellow I don't
like these no but this is cool yellows
big
you just like touch those the wood thing
here and you have different lighting
ridiculous
that means genius I mean think about how
much bigger your room is you've so much
more room for activities I need more
space for my activities think about it
if your bed went up to your wall how big
would your room be I mean it's awesome
but you'd have to clean your room almost
every time you wanna pull your bed down
but you know you have very nice over
here - the place looks incredible man
like this is so nice this is ridiculous
Alex
it's so nice oh my gosh it looks so much
better than it used to and it used to
look nice burn is watching Noah learn
how to juggle how cool is that
hello hello I can't see you what's up
buddy
and there's Alex hello and Greg do you
remember Greg and and it's Vern Tootsie
yeah he blew him out good hi guys oh
he's showing you his teeth check it up
awesome man
this is gonna be a song it's gonna be
his Halloween uniform hockey player and
light up Vern playing a baby today we
are gonna shoot a baby food challenge
for his channel which you'd have no idea
what's its organic just oh dude
nice crazy um no idea
wait are they all different are we
tasting the same ones we're just gonna
pull a number okay gotcha huh should be
interesting
last time I did this challenge I threw
up badly because well no I got tripped
we were blindfolded we can't see the
Kings and then people were giving a
spoonfuls baby food well the last one
Britney did that cat wet cat food I
threw up dude for like a week I taste
the cat food uh Verne that was friggin
disgusting dude yeah look at you're
already eating chips after that I am the
biggest but you guys know I am with a
food like anything with a weird texture
I get sick I do and that was the closest
I've ever liked disgusting disgusting
I'm sorry I came up though we were like
so we finished our video early because
we're like it's just not it's not
working as good as we thought so we were
like well let's use the time we have
spends like let's do baby food which in
light of being a baby all day so here we
are disgusting man who makes some of
these things some of these things should
be for babies just like smoking kids not
babe it's not good for you right it's
not your girl crashing down you have a
king I look at me when will they be able
to see this video on your channel great
hit me with it
well what are you gonna put in your bed
tomorrow dude I'm fast
I only do stuff on Monday he puts up
edit all night have it up tomorrow okay
yeah I do I'll take a chip I got a
driver yeah good thanks very much such a
fun day see you rock
goes for the kisses huh
you know mister you know what it the
kiss is easier to kiss Vern at your
level huh all right guys so for the next
video
Alex and I are gonna try to land on
things like this that is so scary here
we go oh my god I know I just walked
past this but that was the worst throw
up so hard
seriously I am soaked and I feel happen
everywhere I look good oh my god you
imagine I gotta go I gotta put your
pants on put your kids on dude
see you next time thanks for everything
that's fun today so much fun with that
video done that's how you know you're in
LA right there
alright guys I have worked back to
pussies place what up dude how you doing
what's up what are you eating
you sneaking snow isn't showing you
bitch he gets me mr. J I didn't know you
got your concealed carrier to carry them
around yo I don't know if you heard cuz
I don't know if you're a fan another
drink drop this album tonight o course I
knew that one of the biggest returns
you'll ever know with an album alright
guys we were gonna call it a day I have
and then I am a starring in a movie
tomorrow not Stine I'm barely even in it
I don't even know if I'll make the cut
you in it Posey in it I'm busy doing the
photo shoot for mine okay alright it's
gonna be really fun tomorrow I'm pretty
sure every social star that you know and
love is going to be there it's crazy
it's like playlist live again it's it's
a huge event so well we'll see everybody
well screw see there yes I'm going to
show the entire film Steve you're
actually gonna watch the movie tomorrow
my blog you have a big part a little
part
a little big part it's bigger than mine
know what I'm talking about right now we
love you guys thanks for everything
syncs your follow on thanks for the
support we love you we all love you
actually actually got a question for you
today should start blogging see
you tomorrow you're beautiful
