hey guys welcome to our house welcome to
the vlog we have a really good kind of
good idea today are you ready whoa boy
let's see if this is he gonna work uh uh
huh
the RC truck won't work uh huh
no we didn't break here I'll just sit
here plug that one in you got it yeah
you got it
that's it oh no no no no no no no no
sweetie right if I was your size I would
put my butt here in my feet here yeah
yeah lay on your belly see what it does
and then maybe you can hold on this you
want to try belly that's a good way to
see if you'd up and run ready let's see
there we go let's just do a real sample
can we try to drive you a little bit
okay here we go
oh my gosh you should take it outside
and go off the ramp racers to your truck
I think this could be a new thing you
get twenty thirty kids on RC cars and
they race around a track things you have
our kids do
here we go no there me you gotta hold on
oh my god
that's the famous dismount right there
ready hold on tight you monster
they're pretty awesome well I actually
accidentally peel doubt on your calf so
what's up guys pretty regular day here
at the Atwood house we're just goofing
off settling in from all our traveling
we got some beautiful sunshine it's
gorgeous
Zeus come here come here you know why
you're outside because you won't quit
getting in the mud
I'm sure Cain and I'll have fun
hot sunny day a hose a bucket of water
it's fun yeah wow look at all this dried
silly string you did that I think
everybody did it so my car my cars been
sitting for a long time in fact the last
time we drove it was Britney's dad's
birthday so I'm gonna get it out and
clean it it's just filthy dirty
so Britt just took the camera and put it
under my car that was your shot good job
little a little Sun flare and
everything's awesome so I'm walking to
turn the hose on check out my front yard
from when they were building the
building it's the front of my house
pretty freakin awesome not really doing
much today so I thought I would get and
clean the neglected gt-r hasn't been
even been driven you gonna clean your
truck an idea first thing we got to do
is rinse it all right and then you're
gonna do this on the other side let's
get it all rinsed off leave that brake
dust that's it
hit it all nice and wet so I can soap it
there's just some images in my life I
never want to forget you boys washing
your cars get some more soap on there
came are you washing your baby and got
your baby girl hand-washing sink so saw
pulling the best for your girl huh are
you shaking like a dog well it looks
like it still works
Oh cane soaked the camera in the chair
and daddy's phone hiding over here Zeus
Zeus there you go boy
well you could pretty much eat off my
car now it's spotless it took so long to
clean took way longer than I expected I
even get to do the wheels here it's just
gonna sit for a while anyway caters
caters oh yeah comfy oh that's a seat oh
nice
ohmygosh on a little movie projector
right here keep dreaming dirt boy I'm
gonna go get my food thanks for cooking
I love you so we got some cheeseburgers
tied again all right Brittany can't she
apparently says she can't cook him on
the grill so she cooks them on a skillet
definitely little fraud it's all right
it's all right
oh you mean Zeus Elena Brian started the
fire oh the office so good your burger
you're burnt burgers good that's good
burger
mom Armstrong stretch mom stretch mom
Stroh's just case anybody's wondering
Noah is in Owen land they're eating hot
dogs in there playing video games so not
joining the family tonight which is all
right it's his weekend
I'm sure there's a lot of 11 year olds
watching that's how old Noah is and he's
all about just buddies right now man
it's so hard to get him like tied down
for a minute that's all I did
no no I get it I just as a dad I miss my
boy we're just relaxing guys man I don't
know what to say we're having such a
nice day it's been beautiful out we're
kind of eating up the day actually Suns
going down okay
get out of my lens Kane look behind you
look at the Sun dude this is the best of
Ohio right now
it's a big ball of fire like you hey
stranger
get your butt out here both of you but
you're both in trouble what's up no
you're walking you're walking out here
like you got something to ask me really
you just come out to say hi did you tell
them a story about those boots oh you
guys thought they were brown I told you
they were paying no so Noah ordered
these boots will Brittany did and me and
Noah saw Brown and what brown and tan
yeah and she said no they're purple and
pink and no one is like that dress blue
and gold and whatever it was well when
they showed up sure enough purple and
paint pink for girls whatever bro
whatever well there he goes this is kind
of a rare shot of a starfish in my tank
yeah man I think it's kind of creepy
back under the rock the giant starfish
so you know what I haven't died I'm
gonna put my shorty award anywhere yet
and this is kind of where I put some
things that I have and I think it's
gotta go Barry I think that's the place
you can still see Brittany's kiss marks
I'm listening
so the place no no all right guys that's
really gonna do it for us today we just
we just didn't do much man hung out
goofed off Zeus come exercise with me
you need it you need to break it down
there you go you got your ball i got my
ball we love you guys we probably just
gonna hang out watch a movie and and
just kill the camera for a minute we
love you thanks for all the love and
support we will see you tomorrow thanks
for also all the support on the new
prank seems like you guys really enjoyed
us thank you for that and it was just
fun to do something like that and get my
buddies we love you guys we'll see you
tomorrow don't forget how important you
are how awesome you are you a
one-of-a-kind NC boosted board things
that everybody has and that's so much
fun on but I do have a longboard and in
our seat rock and works pretty well
yeah baby wait you need to steer
