going at home cuz miss markets love my
girlfriend Brett yeah she's dish
we made it guys welcome to the vlog
check it out check out the sunset
between flying in the time zone change
we have just eaten up almost our entire
day time is evil
hope you guys are having an awesome day
I am like on cloud 9 going home to see
the kids Britney Zeus the house I just
want to be home with my kids my family
headed home right now and then I don't
know what to say we've kind of eaten up
our day so let's go let's start this
vlog and better late than never
I'm hyper I'm like hyper I'm high I'm
like school hyper like back when I was
like a kid in school hyper I'd get in
trouble hyper 70Â° baby everyone just
pulled over in a silly scream wait did
he Park okay he's pulling in right now
let's go are you gonna call her you have
a new boo boo well with all the pen
mouths band-aids shorts his mouth normal
buffed up okay Wow while we wait a
neighbor had got a package of our so
they just brought it in it these agility
ladders that I had gotten for like
working out so I'm gonna show know what
it is you want to race me all the way
down
okay let's see your right leg through
each one over there and back okay ready
okay now we're gonna hop through him
Duke and Huff feel like I need to warm
up I was gonna say now we have to
handstand through him oh great minds
think alike
it looks like a ladder yeah you can't do
it cuz you just got a new boo boo oh
that's good oh my gosh pull now that I'm
sweating hello it's so nice outside
today it's probably like 70 degrees oh
my gosh no of this candy it's peppermint
try it feel strong he's like go ahead
you're supposed to open it like this and
it bites at your finger but yeah then it
don't really hang we have to get your
dad that would get me we got so good
okay here's the video of aunt duck
that's how I thought you would react I
could watch it over and over
oh you like that huh all right good job
honey good job all right you got a new
boo boo canes got a broken leg welcome
home mommy
alcohol from this moist ring not always
does we also got you some candy
what is this means that we here try this
oh my god dude aunt duck completely
threw it across the room and screaming
oh my god it's the best invention ever a
fan sent it to us I don't I'm not sure
who oh you gotta find out this no we
were trying to open now and get through
some stuff downstairs and organize it
and Kayla who works oh they're so that's
pregnant opened and screamed and we all
in the basement everyone's room dude she
said I feed my pants
show me fine you guys trashed my little
camera okay get set go okay I'll keep
track what you're doing did you miss me
did you miss your ball throw out the
best ball throw in the whole world
well it was a nice welcoming home little
man and laugh the whole time that's all
right so he's gonna clean this up trying
to earn some money
oh so you gonna spray me and earn money
I don't think that's our words but you
know we got to find the one that went
farthest the the crazy string oh it's so
oily like it's like it's oil
okay you have to each hand or do you go
1 1 1 1 1 1 1
I let's try again there's like I got
confused I try to do each one this does
not think that's normal let me go all
the way without the ladder don't put a
hole in the wall bless you bless you
/ you that's so weird I can't hit I can
go across no problem
both the latter all right little monster
let's see it you straight look like the
predator you knocked your teeth out
today and now you got this you smile and
cross your eyes oh boy a-five did you're
a champ I think I think I think me and
mommy were more freaked out than you
were you didn't seem to care at all
Zeus well you don't even I thought you
miss me dude I cannot wait until he
turned into Mama's mama's boy oh it's so
beautiful oh I miss you guys
so time to buy a watch wait why we come
on oh you guys expanded nice looking
good in here man we're filling up it's
like we got orders orders orders why are
these all MD look at your desk dude
leggo station to keep them busy leggo
station gaming station I'd say this is
your office my office
all right guys white or black on camel
tank tops white or black oh that's tough
decision mm-hmm I think though I don't
know the way it does kind of look good
wait did you see it yeah what's it
called it's the space station should be
moving at 9:26 or people are actually
living up there and you can see it what
time is it right now 924 all right we're
out here looking for a Space Shuttle
Space Station you think
okay I'm gonna put this I'm gonna put
this in the picture so you can see how
fastest things actually moving that's it
right there
it's so bright on camera okay there it
is see y'all look at its movement it's
almost out of the picture already that's
cool
you were right definitely not a plane
because planes up ya a flicker they have
lights
you tell your science teacher that is
Buzz Lightyear all right you got jump
stuff down sit how long have I been gone
you guys just completely change the
whole place hey little guys I know they
missed me check them out they just
follow me everywhere I got you guys I
got you
so you guys build a little workout area
and we should do a whole room of these
you just bounce everywhere yeah 9899
pretty cool guys and we should get
exercise you're staying physically
active soos he's mad at me I think he
acts like he acts like I'm not even here
Susan Ibach give your ball dude he's
being a punk look you left one too many
times I'm gonna feed my fish so
unfortunately we have burnt up so much
today traveling and blah blah blah
we why not me the universe you blaming
me wait you don't like that let me hear
it again probably just the first time
wait what happens it will be still and I
walked out oh I think I'm just gonna
fall asleep right here oh so like me no
you're taking my place after I get the
wind knocked out of me before it's what
it feels like now no no you at home no
no that is the worst feeling man I
remember my friend Eric threw a baseball
and it hit me right in the back cuz I
turned not to get hit and it just
knocked yeah well what I was saying is
like after like an hour after it felt
like old painful and cramp trapped
that's kind of what it feels I saw them
work out human
there's handstands how was your week did
you have a good week yeah I missed you
man Susie really loved me yet Suze you
ignoring me
mm-hmm Kobe Oh
sleep awesome did the man I missed you
so much I love you
hey little monster you've been sleeping
here all week actually so if I'm not
here when you're not here we start like
this and then his head goes there it is
right here and then his heads down here
his feets up here and I wake up to his
feet and I flip them around and then
it's all over again
no there's mommy's sleeping daddy's spot
when he's gone yeah sleepy mean did you
paint your nails cuz that really looks
like your hand
my face broke out so bad one two three
this side three four five well guys that
is going to do it we just burn up this
day so fast tomorrow will be a fun
completely fun full day at the out word
house and I'm just looking forward to it
so much we're gonna get some sleep
start early have a full long vlog
tomorrow and uh yes it thanks for coming
home with me and welcome to Ohio
see you tomorrow we love you you're
beautiful you're one of a kind smile
more you know as I was touring with my
movie and promoting the movie and going
to cities and premiering the movie I
thought to myself how often do the
homeless in the cities get to see a
movie with dinner and drinks so guys
after months of thinking about this and
planning this and $16,000 later I made a
homeless movie night check this out
