hey baby hi baby guys welcome to the
vlog I got my brother his kids over here
he brought me some jumper cables because
this winter few guys remembered mine
caught on fire
we've got the razor that has been stuck
right here dead battery is toast toast
baby bro drench that water water still
work hope you guys are having a great
day I'm gonna pull up here and jump
start this thing get it back and run in
pop it like it's hot like it's hot the
juicer up Roger getting it cleaned up
and emptied out and this is a whole
nother story over here I didn't show you
this yesterday because I wanted you to
think my garage was clean but really
this is just the start man look at this
my fire water colder do you know what
these are called
right there birdies birdies that's right
that's what I thought Britney bomber
called shuttlecock shuttlecock I've
heard that nice my stinky skunk from the
skunk prank mother there she goes
we're gonna move this card and we're
gonna pull out that that so we can clean
the garage something how long this has
been buried in my garage but we just
open it up and it's a gift
it's a big pinata that says smile more
yeah dude
let's see what's problem this is coming
in from Franklin Franklin I don't know
how this got lost or buried but we're
happy to have it we're definitely gonna
get you set of this guy you don't beat
it up do you think it'll hold it up here
that register yeah you make your
employees real happy
check out the new addition you're gonna
love it
hurricane look we just found it in the
garage in a box
I ate must have been in there for it
doesn't have a date but it's been in
there a long time
no we should fill it with like we should
get a penny on a fill it with like
carrots broccoli celery like vegetables
and then have the kids hit it
beebeep beebeep I'm gonna break out now
this thing has been beat to death by my
dog look at this this is literally from
Zeus chasing it so I might as well have
some fun with this guy you guys know all
I need is a little duct tape and an RC
car and we have some fun all right
decisions decisions what do we want to
put on here Kane those are those those
are the big poppers that you throw down
on the ground and a pop so we got to
modify this guy a little bit just took
some cardboard to make a flat plate oh
there we go
Zeus you got to stay don't chase this oh
my
I think you'll be scared of him I think
he's gonna run all right come here boy
there's no turning back
ya thought for sure it was gonna hey
look pretty tippy that works really well
how sweet and my dog chasing good boy
Zeus I say you go bigger definitely
bigger thank you
yeah that thing could have handled yeah
pandemonium back in the shop we got the
easy dismount system yeah that's nice
it's the new model you say Boeing
engineered that mountain they do we got
how many choices though we got here is a
19 shot now this is a little differently
dude it was so top-heavy
oh yeah I don't wanna make any so that's
just duct tape huh just duct tape ha ha
this is bad idea number two let's see if
it'll pop a wheelie with all that way
ah it's surprisingly heavy like I'm
impressed it just takes it so well 19
shots there we go
batter up boss here we go another job
well done another safe shot see that's
gotta be fun how many people have done
that I don't know I imagine after these
vlogs people have done it okay so while
we have the fireworks out and we're
having fun with them we're gonna line up
these are like these are like exotic
you know their little white bags you buy
you throw them they pop these are like
the adult version of those we're gonna
line up as many as we can and have the
kids hit it with the power wheels that's
that's what father's do so you can throw
them or you can smash them and they're
loud so we're gonna see how many we can
hit bad idea number three you want to
hit it yeah all right is this your
helmet go get your helmet and put these
on yes you get need to line it up
there's only one flat spot on this tire
so you need to hit that right there easy
breezy
there's still more do it again
are you gonna honk at me you gonna get
dinner
yeah like try try to hit our fireworks
well the whole driveway is covered in
random firecrackers now and dirt look at
that oh my gosh that's fun huh all right
so we all get a little froze out outside
the next thing I'm working on is
actually you've already seen it as the
intro of this vlog and two things one is
kind of an annoying little prank for you
guys where I pop up and scary but the
other reason was I wanted to show you
the difference between you guys always
see my fish tank on the vlogs you always
see it it looks like this not too bad
kind of blue washed out but the reason I
want to show you a little bit with this
camera
is because it shows you what the tank
actually looks like and it's so
different and I hate even shot in the
vlog because it doesn't do it justice so
here's a couple clips of what this
camera makes my tank look at so here's
the vlog camera that's what the blog
camera looks like here is the DSLR house
all we've been doing today is what was
that I'm not a piggy bank boy Britney is
making my absolute suggest face no it's
not you need it if it was just cheese
she makes these that are the enchiladas
cheese and shaking it like cream of
chicken and sour cream mixed up but
Michelle it makes me melt so she's doing
dinner on what a fun day today's been
awesome I don't really know what I've
vlogged but it's been really you want to
he is violent this kid
you ever been beaten with bubbles what's
up lo gamer
why are you doing you ready for some
Dindin I don't know if you guys remember
a couple months ago I bought a little
cheap computer screen for Call of Duty
because everyone was saying computer
screens you'll be better it's quicker
refresh rate like it's a head so you're
basically like having advantage so I
bought it and I never used it so we just
so we hooked it up to Noah's laptop
today and now he's he's rolling dual
screens is it weird with that moving -
oh my god oh my god I'm so excited about
this so excited a little airplane boy so
it's my little family due to money
anything anything like you're thinking
like hey this is what I want to do
tonight
Jane you want to clean the house for me
just the whole house that's not that
much no huh
your mother grass you got the whole yard
done tonight
you guys need me I'll be working on the
couch making sure that it's working
properly for the next time you guys want
to sit down yeah I think this looks
awesome
let me see yeah yeah why not so you guys
know Brittany and I failed miserably
this week two days in a row
trying to find outfits for this award
show we have to be at tomorrow in New
York City I think that's great
what thing am I gonna wear they're big
oh my god well you have other shoes
usually I don't care about this stuff
like honestly I don't care what I wear
what I look like usually I like to look
good I think I look good and like
everybody but I don't know it's
bothering me this time okay I want to
show you guys something remember what
this coral looks like right now okay
this one the one that looks like a brain
remember what that looks like right now
I really want to show you guys what this
tank does at night but it's hard to do
it because we're always asleep so
tonight probably cuz we're packing for
New York City and stuff I'm gonna show
you what that coral does when all the
lights go out what are you watching who
would have thought there would be a day
we would watch all of our entertainment
on something this big crazy what what I
mean I'm gonna be gone for 16 days all
right
no yes yes yes yes yes
let's see shall wear black shirt black
shirt or black shirt I don't know I'm
pretty sure mom's been stealing my
underwear that's where they all go you
know I think I don't know what happens
to him I don't know
small mall in your underwear drawer
those come from
good why are these in your underwear
drowning mom all she parties with my
underwear and she forgets her glasses
I'm sorry guys I wanted to make this
vlog just porn all day and then we just
end up having a pack tonight so I don't
really know what else to do and get on
my crap we're going to New York tomorrow
and then LA the next day and it's just
gonna be a whole bunch of craziness for
the next few days so you coming with me
you're coming with me boy I know you
would if you could fit in that bag yeah
I'm gonna miss you too boy oh you know
you something dude I am gonna miss you
all right last but not least camera
equipment what am I gonna take vlog
cameras chargers cables is always have
like a checklist every time I travel so
many things look at all these chargers
guys we are gonna end it there thanks
for hanging out today fun day with my
brother and his kids and my kids and
Britt and everything it was just awesome
hope you guys are staying positive
believe me when I say this
think positive nothing but positive
don't worry about what people are saying
behind your back there's a reason
they're behind you just keep moving
forward baby we can do it together as a
team when you built a massive community
together and we got this whatever it is
we've got it
oh let's see if that coral changed real
quick the coral I got Shawn the coral I
mean yeah he ate but it's good he
couldn't that I mean he'll eat whatever
you give him that's good okay it has
already changed a lot it's not
completely out when you'll get the point
all right you remember what that coral
look like check this out now look at it
what a work of art man it's beautiful
euro work of art too
you pretty on top of your game lately
come back I've been on top a lot of
things there's still there they're gonna
be there for life well did you see the
wat of them up above the TV
no but Kane's been throwing new ones
they're still there whatever who cares
yo you think that today you did that
today he's a good kid
we got a good chance alright I'm gonna
in this vlog I have to we got to edit oh
my god
she's lost her funny guy she has
literally lost your mind
alright guys that is officially the vlog
we have to end by hit save spot like you
know I clean my life this way I have a
spot I want my own spot you guys
watching the next two months it'll be
doors installed on this office it's not
safe here
Zeus you're supposed to be in here
guarding me but he's got that look like
shot that stupid little bar on your
front papi seeing New York tomorrow guys
we love you you're beautiful you're one
of a kind don't forget that smile more
okay we're in the busiest bond Columbus
I don't see a single human being in here
what has happened
honey I feel like something happened
these are actually all people and
they've all been frozen in time what do
you think of my new pair and then they
froze and they alters there's nobody
here three minutes ago this guy was
alive
