I'm really excited today is not today
but soon it's my dad's
15th birthday so his birthday's next
week but we will be out of town so we're
gonna take him out today have some fun
yes no idea what's going on
so he's like do I wear something nice or
yeah nice - your dad is like a camo
button-up country but like when you
think of us like living in the country
he's country he's a hunter let me
explain something I'm having a panic
attack right now because listen if you
can hear it
listen roll it down
oh my god what is that
something on the way here just started
my front right tire started squeaking
really loud and not good luckily my
dad's mechanic your dad is a mechanic
maybe he's a welder now but used to be
mechanic there's not even 4,000 miles on
this phone 3,800 miles and I've had it
over a year and the tires sweet and like
crazy maybe there's just some stuff
let's just go Brittney's back with that
I actually brought you here on your
birthday to fix my car something just
happen my wheel
it's like squeaking we're gonna shoot
some fully automatic machine gun yeah my
buddy owns it we're gonna have some fun
Oh welcome welcome this is your this is
your birthday cart man oh look at that
top dude you kidding me that's the job
buddy good to see you guys back home and
smiling starting to close man back home
okay a good one that's not buying here
look around boo I appreciate you coming
it happy birthday as well that's cool
excited for your dad have you ever shot
a fully automatic before no
but then we got two lanes so I'll put
you on shoot your gun it okay if we're
being too loud next year then we'll die
and all the way we're gonna double slap
it make sure it's in all the way you'll
reach up here you'll pull straight drop
it down and let go
finger off the trigger that's fire right
there and just pull the trigger swamp
we always love bringing people here but
it's a real honor to bring Brittany's
dad for his first time ever to shoot a
machine gun what I wanted to do feet
pointed at the target
watch it lean forward just a little bit
yeah that's the baby I wish I had the
history on I wish I knew where it was
we're at the late 30s early 40s because
it's definitely a war issue gun butt hey
do you know where was it where's the
baby I wish you could talk without a
doubt it is an open bolt so when you
load it it's ready it's ready we've got
a drum on the way so that's good
yeah the big the big yell get it that is
my favorite one every time I come here
all right guys I'm gonna show you how to
spend ten dollars that's ten dollars
it's way too good at that pitch his
throwing her around like a rag doll the
left of that paper that was a 45 lot
more power that was awesome
yeah that's a lot of fun
the classic 50 Cal desert eagle I've
never shot one look at the size of this
thing I mean look at my hand put it in
your hand Bret it's as big as you are
here's some comparison against the
nine-millimeter bullet my gosh none of
us have ever shot it so let's do it yeah
Wow you got close it really comes up
really lock it down so how was that man
oh really good start gone so the big
surprise today is Britney just took her
dad out to explain we're gonna buy him
any gun he wants for his birthday which
I imagine is a massive surprise I'm not
gonna catch it on camera because it's
real personal and I don't know it's
awesome killing you excited well she's a
she's a good girl she wants to take care
of you what brands that this is the
Smith & Wesson hey you just shot the
same exact one the only difference is
shorter this is gonna be even smoother
because this is a five-inch right
whoo and you look like a wah wah West
bigger than your daughter's head that's
the same growing yeah it's just so we
just chop Brittany's dad off I'm really
proud of you for that that's awesome
I'm so glad you were able to do that
take him out into a different
environment he's never done listen to my
car squeaking what's going on
first thing tomorrow must and the first
thing
what am I looking at why is your face
like that
look at the wall Oh what is that Emily
wait why would I care about that what
are they oh my god no it didn't do any
of it Oh where'd you even get all them
little slappy hands oh you ordered um
Wow look at this
so we've got little sticky slappy hands
all over the house everyone I mean
they're kind of everywhere what where
are you guys I know you're up here
somewhere I can smell you hey mister how
are we gonna get all these Slappy's off
the house it snow in here there's no one
in here yeah
are you sure cuz I hear something do you
have any idea how this slappy hands got
there
I heard actually Emily said you didn't
do it you're such a good kid you don't
even I didn't even punish you for
anything you don't do anything wrong
ever totally not like your father says
hey look at me Susan hey did you throw
the wacky did you throw the sticky hands
on the ceiling did you throw the sticky
all right guys I know this is a crazy
place to end this ball I know this is a
crazy place to end the blog I mean take
a shower get old this gun stuff off and
now I'm gonna set my camera down and
hang out with all family that's it I was
going
actually take a day off after the whole
tour but I decided to keep vlogging and
maybe just shorten a couple of them so
that is what's going on right now also I
shot this vlog in 60 frames a second
tell me if you liked it or if you don't
like it that is what the comments should
be today do you like 60 frames or 30
frames most of the blogs have always
been 30 today is 60 it has a different
look it's smooth it's weird I don't even
know if I like it so tell me what you
think I love you guys thanks for
understanding it we will be right back
in the full vlogs tomorrow and yeah
happy birthday to Britney's dad will see
them all you're beautiful you're one of
a kind the smile one it'll wrap you you
want to wrap you now look up you can see
look up you can see it go over you here
it comes
