hey guys welcome to the vlog I don't
even hardly know where to start today
I'm like speechless I'm trying to focus
here I woke up did some press this
morning good day and leg good morning
I'll lay something like that here's a
little bit of that
that's the back of it so I'm back in the
room when I woke up this morning we were
like number eight on the iTunes charts
which is huge like phenomenal
unbelievable my mind was blown I just
uploaded the vlog we are now number two
on friggin iTunes charts number two is
that crazy so we have just a little bit
of time thank you guys from the bottom
of my heart we all know that this movie
is number two because of you you guys
went above and beyond everybody's
expectations man there's no way to ever
know how hard you guys are gonna go on
something and you guys just destroyed it
so I'm about to say Britain came down
grab a little food real quick before my
next thing I got to do so let's go okay
quick change of plans Britney Emily are
gonna go eat Kane and I are gonna walk
through this beautiful beach I haven't
got to yet and I have two hours is this
the way we push the button yeah I'm so
lucky to get about two hours to hang out
with my boy here Britney's gonna eat
real quick and then meet up with us so
much going on at this Beach it's so fun
to come down people watch playing the
sand look at the ocean play in the ocean
look at this boy is it bouncy bounce on
it bounce oh yeah I can see it
let's see it dude you can do it remember
pinch it with your feet grab it there
you gonna step up that's it
oh you gotta grab it with your feet I
think daddy can get to the top yeah
yummy try yeah all right you got a vlog
for me okay all right came out with
vlogs here we go see if I got it you can
do that freedom look at this place man
every day of the year it's beautiful
it's pretty I don't know if I've ever
told you guys this but one of my dreams
and not a lot of dreams I dream big is
to watch big wave surfers like I want to
go to like Mavericks or like some big
wave surf competition and just watch
like I'm dying to do it even when I see
little waves like this I'm so excited
this guy's about to cure his girlfriend
in the water look look oh she's done
she's not always being nice he's being
nice
that looks like something daddy would do
to mommy uh let's roll him up little man
you are awesome
this one's coming this one's going oh I
have a lot of reasons to be really
freaking happy right now guys I'll tell
you nothing replaces this right here
there's no amount of success money
nothing that compares to this right here
shit mommy chai you think mommy cute
climate yeah no way you like someone
yeah I'm videotaping you yep no problem
do it you can go keep going you gotta
keep going keep going keep going all the
way you totally got it you could blow me
off oh for sure
so unfortunately I gotta go for a couple
hours finish up a little work you let me
throw you
we always got time for a quick throw see
you this my friends is a McLaren and it
is beautiful
Oh whoo and we're gonna what dresses
police will do the interview normal
clothes and yeah they're having a little
party so they're producers and reporters
wanted to set up one of their co-workers
so you guys
got cop uniforms of the cop car and kind
of have free rein to do whatever you
want at this party
anything you guard I mean they want to
pick on one guess the main card you know
arm bottom camel clutch do you put my
camera police brutality videos thank you
okay so we're gonna raid this party as
three policemen I don't look like a cop
you have a hat though yeah yeah yeah we
have two hats you you need to go up
front like in and me and Vitaly what
kind of yeah cuz this kid look at him
he's too pretty to be a cop so here we
are getting dressed I look like a little
boy in this uniform man these guys look
like men buff chest big arms I got
scrawny little legs and they're baggy
our MC Hammer yeah you know what feels
good
we're actually pulling a prank on April
friggin poles we've been busy doing
press and all this stuff and these guys
are helping us set up their friends
hundred people party people that's gonna
be awesome tour mom tour mom are we okay
oh really
we're gonna we're going in hard you're
not coming tomorrow
really gonna miss you still got an extra
large sticker on his shirt
you got badge I need a badge do you oh I
like that like detective detective
careful you're holding the gun looks
like a gun shot
don't get me shot Sean says girl he's
holding his art I don't want to be shot
so we're about to roll up we can't get
the lights on the main light so it's
always summer so it's brutalizing look
at this it's like a human brain back
here and I don't know if when all that
stuff got put on there a piece of metal
touched it and blew a few is outer
that's why I'm trying to look looks good
yeah let's roll in let's roll in slow
and quiet yes let's do it let's do
detective work
hello you know what you go and slow and
quiet and then hit the sound real life
yes yeah that's a good yeah like we go
in private oppa condom style yo shoot
him quick put a voiceover stop okay big
bang cops robbers yeah it's only one
shot we're not drawing anything this guy
I like that
your there's no way I can sit it you can
consider me you got it walk but how far
is it we should just walk more it's
impossible hold on yeah this is really
it
I'm having so much fun right now so
battalion are gonna come in after you
guys
what did he do shopping what did he do
just tell me what he did so I'm gonna
take your camera would you like me use
your cameras evidence I just wanted you
to tell me what he did what did he do
hey what did he go stand back
don't get in the way please
I don't know everyone was wanting to
take a shot with me now I guess I know
why they wanted you loose they wanted ya
know how could he
I wasn't even doing anything well that's
that's what happens oh my goodness I was
like what's wrong with the music you got
it like it's a party what's going we
killed it we killed the music I was
dancing place is hoppin him and that was
fun it was fun I'm glad we did it
because we almost didn't oh we almost
didn't do the prank so it was really
really fun and I'm glad
April Fool's we pulled a prank on ya I
think even with the release of the movie
today and the press and everything we
did we got a prank in there it was a
good one
dressed as cops it invested the party
guys warping back to the room and came
as I was ear infection it has been in so
much pain apparently he's just been
homeless here and of course I'm supposed
to fly out they're supposed to fly out
at 10 a.m. tomorrow he's warm that being
said guys I'm gonna end this vlog I owe
you like through the roof
oh you we hit number 2 on iTunes all day
like all day we've been number two since
the vlog went up how do I even say thank
you it's insane you guys are absolutely
amazing we love you we will see you
tomorrow in Chicago we fly
Chicago at I have to be out of here 5:00
in the morning booth we're gonna cuddle
up
I gotta edit this vlog and in it we'll
see in Chicago we love you mom
