hey guys welcome to the vlog we were
leaving the beautiful city of
Philadelphia this morning I love this
place so much
if you're just now joining the vlogs we
have been in a different city almost
every day it looks like I've lived here
for a month
look at this we're headed to my hometown
Columbus Ohio
I'm so excited sold-out show tonight oh
I don't know if I told you guys this so
you you guys know we did the skunk prank
in Miami well I've been traveling with
that skunk and I don't know if I told
you but it stinks like a skunk what's up
buddy you ready yeah
how bad is that skunk smell awful it's
only it the whole hallway this whole bag
smells like a real stuff it was fine
until we got a wet Miami and now it's
like this kostik it's the new 2016 model
right here check it out hey man I'm
going home today yeah I'm going home
going home to see my kids today man I've
been gone for six years I don't look
good man I don't look good you sure you
won't drive through that
oh that's not good man that's not good
that tanks gonna go oh that's not good
corporate into the airport headed to
Columbus again I keep saying it I'm
going home we're going home
Christian you guys stay with us yeah oh
we we got the whole weekend off before
we fly to Georgia Atlanta Georgia on
Monday Tuesday and then Chicago Illinois
after that so we got a we got a couple
more dates huh oh thank god another step
you gotta help me out I need to go to
Terminal B 15 okay take me to 15 all
right please take my fifth month you are
on the road again
we're almost home baby almost home what
the hansae the face cream yo holy crap
is that John Fitzpatrick John
Fitzpatrick
get a selfie yo John holy cow dude you
guys know who this guy is
during the three types of feedback are
locked in the upright position
we made it home my friends whoa and it's
cold of course Columbus Ohio we got all
our stuff hot warm cold it doesn't
matter it feels good to be long we have
to go straight to the venue of the show
is like we're super late so yeah you
know after going all the other cities my
town feels kind of small I can't believe
that we're home right now in Columbus
and we can't go straight to our kids we
cannot go if we go straight to the show
it's like man how do I explain it you
have any kids man no straight to the
capital Peter oh boy elevators already
got it all set up for us he makes it
look nice look at this every night gets
nicer let's do some rebels whoa that
looks good so as you guys know the first
thing we do is sign 300 posters which
takes less than an hour and we're
getting faster every night so I bet we
can do this in 30 minutes if we if we
really cranked on it maybe what would
you help it's easier so this theaters
really cool we have our own dressing
room like everybody has their own
dressing room and chairs actually you
could use a chair this girl has sat one
sink since I met her the first time I
ever like seen her do it I thought it
was the cutest thing in the whole world
that you sat on a counter yeah
so yeah tonight is very special mainly
because I'm in my hometown Columbus and
everybody's common mom dads brothers
friends people haven't seen since high
school like literally everybody so it's
really cool it's special excuse me I'm
excited I'm nervous no that's what I
call a nerve that's when you burp when
you're nervous America you ever nerve
yeah no no no not like that we got about
30 minutes before a meet-up which is 300
people tonight it's a lot of people that
takes about two hours an hour and a half
two hours but it's awesome you check out
this beautiful theater tonight I've
never been here actually oh this is cool
it's all placed 'fl the upstairs - yeah
this is great and personal we're like
right here like not high up this is
awesome yeah this is so awesome guys
yeah I'm gonna have my family here my
friends like what more could I ever ask
for
look at this how do I get every single
one of you to see this movie man I'm
telling you it's so fun everybody wait
we've been shooting this promo and we've
been filming people's faces I'm gonna
put it in the vlog at the end of this
tour people are literally crying
screaming laughing is is the greatest
rollercoaster of emotions this movie I
can't wait to see it it's Meetup time
let's let's take them what they really
want now and they don't really want us
they want this all right here how you
guys doing tonight all right man so you
want to ask your girl to prom on my vlog
well let's hear it my girlfriend hate it
when I go to prom with me girl to prom
like that that's it come on man you
gotta hit her with the love like now go
with me you guys remember during the toy
drive people that brought toys got
raffled in he was one of the iPad
winners that is awesome I love that heck
yeah love you guys my mark nice
ha I want you can eat me it's not a joke
it's good to see you
Wow Dale says that mom and dad is stuck
in the 27th floor of this building of a
freight elevator and the freight
elevator it sounds like speed like all
over again the movie speed and the
elevators broke so that likes service
how do we find them they're in one of
these don't know if that has 27 floors
let's start over there that's 27 floors
a lot of windows so mom and dad is
locked so these are gifts people bring
me every night and one of the gifts is
an unopened cheesecake the first thing
John spots know is that is that
cheesecake was ever open it's it's all
of ours now whoever gave them this
cheesecake thank you I know you didn't
mean for me to waste up but I'm going to
you're not gonna waste it well it'll
come out as waste we got a lot of cool
guests and people that really want to be
on camera tonight but I got one special
guest that I'm honored to have here
chase mother-effing Gilroy hey buddy I
wouldn't miss it
well I'm actually very very excited I'm
trying to contain my you should be
excited this movie is I mean you helped
a lot with this so I did a little bit
you didn't do anything I didn't you did
help me I just went in on your stage you
went out if the de people are do
they holler so this is our green room
tonight full of family friends you name
it
what I say thank you guys for coming out
we got a long way
whoo why do you out there have a lot to
do with us getting to where we are today
all that support we love you all
and we can't thank you all enough for
coming out and doing this we all did
this together closest friends and family
tonight thank you guys so much I
remember meeting you guys for the first
time and I made a movie we're gonna
start making our way to our seats so I
think some of you may have been talked
to you stay back and the other ones that
haven't been talked to let's go find our
seats now
yeah you boys ready ready hometown
hometown
yeah
Oh
then tears would come out this way so
it's like every tear duct in your I was
pushing my side was like laughing crying
and the other one was like crying crying
my mother you're in the block getting
back really late really really late
where's Noah
hi baby I love you baby boy
there is pick you up
throw you through the wall of my boy hi
Suze hey guys it is current day we were
also beat last night we just didn't say
good with ER we are home and we are
happy week
Zeus hey hey boy hey boy
zombie Noah
peekaboo no guys we're home thank you
for coming home with us
thanks for traveling with did you we got
a livewire yeah we really just want to
say goodbye on this vlog today we will
see you tomorrow thanks for all the
support thanks for all the we will see
you guys tomorrow thanks for everything
smile more let me help you sit are you
alright no he's faking he's faking are
you bleeding
