hey guys welcome to the vlog we are in
New York City today feels awesome to get
here we kind of work past DC Brittany
and I are headed out right now getting a
late start just got the vlog up dive
dive gonna get you down look at that oh
my gosh for yesterday's show I went into
DC and I hid two tickets for somebody
that went on a scavenger hunt my
snapchat and found the tickets that's
exactly what I'm doing right now in New
York trying to find a place to leave
these tickets it's so booming busy
he's a bush hybrid hi hiding in this
bush for the tickets
here there guys this is gonna be fun I
actually got my point here where we have
I've stashed the tickets you know the
fun part is this is meeting the people
at the show that actually came you got
the ticket look we got it we got a guy
hunting we got a guy you guys hunting -
wow the power of snapchat instantly
people show up no matter where you're at
in the whole world you guys are you're
hunting - what's up man how you doing
you guys know your hon I hate to tell
you but they've already been taken man
what you doing in here by the way I'm
looking at these what are these these
are Stromboli zeppoles these are
calzones garlic knots and sausage oh wow
did you come out hunting for tickets uh
yeah we did but we have them anyways oh
you know what just about every single
person that came already had tickets you
were gonna give him away well I was
already giving them away
so you're coming to the movie yeah
definitely heck yeah
you guys excited she liked what she
heard you were coming to New York City
this is our little sister she who like
immediately bought tickets like I would
have never guessed you two are related
alright guys moving quickly through the
New York traffic what if you win that
right lane what would happen this is a
bustling so we're not allowed to do that
so we're headed to the venue now the
city is awesome we're going to the Cave
of Wonders the heels are so loud all I
got it already from starting now I'll
just do it now I'm gonna go see the
figure 200 oh wait you said there's 300
tonight whoa
for 48 p.m. let's see how long it takes
to sign 300 posters there we go
it's gonna go way faster than like this
300 posters it's 5:32 p.m. less than an
out what you guys are still going but I
got mine at Brittany's help so it's
quicker so why do they call it the green
room and out the yellow room have you
ever noticed that they need backstage is
always called the green room but they're
almost never green did they used to be
in the olden days nobody's interested
there we go
my always goes killer food who's it
it's his feet right now okay I mean I
miss your face let me see your face
there is say booyah hey I'll be back I
love you already said Tom and you are me
no tonight is our biggest meetup we've
ever had
298 people so we're number I guess
supposed to be 300 but maybe two people
couldn't show up so it's gonna take a
while since we're the meet and greet
starts right here yeah
you guys right have some fun tonight all
right let's get it started let's go free
water huh all right what's your name
Ashley brought us a cool gift Ian your
handmade this yeah
oh thanks Ashley and dad so we're
getting a lot of smile more in here but
the first head shaved
look at that I love it did it all for
you Team Red Team Blue all right I love
it thank you guys it's beautiful it's
gonna go up in the new building you know
that right is this this is your mom
yeah did she buy that shirt herself or
did you buy it for her look at this look
at this right now are you guys all
together okay so you guys know we
collect magnets ever and usually on
these tours everyone brings me magnets
but he brought me one that I definitely
don't have thanks for uh that's awesome
my life you inspire us so much what's
your baby's name CJ CJ hey dude you're
the little spin here guys subscribe to
the incredible Science Channel an
incredible science blog our message like
Romans message small won't get stay
incredible love it gonna rock it
just in Miami and I was like I want this
artwork on the wall brings it to me but
I love it man so much we got the first
lizard man it makes me want to get my
lizard back his mom my good influence or
what
go back about the open house Christian
will go do your thing go do my thing
tell them it's the vlog camera of course
all right guys I've been going to
surprise them again coming through with
the black hammer and I get the line
let's do this
I got Romans block hamburger
alright guys we're gonna play a fun
little game before we get this movie
started I'm gonna show you two objects
and you got to try to figure out who is
here right now alright here we go here's
the first object a boosted board who
owns a boosted board
alright I'm gonna show you the next
object this should be a dead giveaway
boom such an honor to have you man let's
do more fires see this one good to be in
your City New York I was vlogging out in
the street this old man's yeah man
welcome to New York to be fun I'm about
to go announce the movie have some fun
relax watch the movie it's one of my
favorite parts about to go out announce
the movie introduce it yeah big crowd
out there tonight
and that's a wrap on new york city or a
second premiere good job baby you came
out of stage calling all the proudest
Trevor Britney so she came out you have
to go yeah I was lost I had so much fun
man thank you guys so much thank you so
much good job V what's this that's cool
good job to her mom you're killing it
out there
another thing super cool the guy over
m'kay controllers delivered finally they
give away controller we've been waiting
on this for a long time
Kane took the other one and destroyed it
like destroyed the painting everything
so we waited for a brand new ones we can
finally give us away
maybe we should wait and the Xbox one
has been actually give them away
I'm afraid my friends see some of the
guys that didn't make it to the VIP meet
up these were them extra tickets kids
are wild tip that leaving these guys
gonna build a wall we're gonna get into
the car Sarah final goodbyes everybody
respectfully I think they're all at the
other door so it shouldn't be too
go ahead baby this is a bad pictures
pictures thank you guys thank you thank
you
hey uber drivers everybody
yeah we don't nobody getting hit man
come on guys this we can't go anywhere
we're stuck in New York javi these guys
come on guys be safe man time flies guys
it was just like I woke up and now it's
it's almost midnight already we're gonna
call it a night
big shout-out to em k for coming through
on the controller finally I know you
guys been waiting a long time on this so
I'm just gonna pick a winner right now
and actually have the Xbox one - but ps4
ones when we were waiting on so let's do
this so here we are
I said I'd pick a comment so let's
scroll for a while where we out here oh
no it's you know we're gonna scroll
Scroll scroll Scroll scroll Scroll
scroll just alright choosing the winners
real fast you guys will get direct
messages it is the first one for Xbox
one is live boy super Dallas the king
that's his name legit so send him a
message right now and I do apologize for
this contest because it was seven weeks
ago I went on tour and I'm on the movie
tour and m'kay personally brought this
to me at the show so now I can finally
give it away do you guys really play
xbox more than ps4 I can't believe the
Xbox comments xbox one xbox Xbox Xbox
Xbox and then there'll be a random ps4
but they don't write anything it's just
ps4 got my ps4 winner a leg three uh ro
Koba Alegria honors for Rico
you had a leg I don't have to say it I
think that's it look at you are
Brittany's gonna message you right now
from my account so yeah yep perfect
oh yeah we go on Friday little ship
Saturday or Monday all right guys it's
time to cut this out I'm fading I'm
falling I'm classy I'm complaining I
gotta quit I gotta go I gotta be up
early as always and we're headed to uh I
don't know where it's mom actually we're
still New York tomorrow mommy good it'll
be great so we'll see you guys tomorrow
keep your head up no matter what's going
on there's always people trying to bring
you down and take you down keep it up bu
we love you we will see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
mom won 19 million I'm gonna I'm gonna
try to do this interview cross odds will
you film that screen no no I don't know
how I'm gonna do it I don't know if I
can like hold my god it's good though
you want to be a little bit different
all right ready
