whoa hey guys welcome to the vlog
channel got something super cool that
came in today maybe I actually don't
know if it's cool you guys want to see
this up here again I need your help
fragile oh okay so this is supposedly to
be the very first ever official I'm just
gonna show it I don't know like how
often do you get a letter from Lionsgate
honestly never really thought I'd see my
name on one of these before it's my
first ever real movie poster Alliance
Roman Atwood I think it's amazing it's
what are we gonna put it right here
there it is guys maybe a little more
exciting for me than you guys but I'm
just so proud of it two years worth of
work and the movies gone I can't believe
it he is a little monkey okay you coming
with me yeah I'm probably a good time to
remind you guys again I would put the
link in the description I'm going on the
ultimate tour for this movie and it's
coming up really soon two people from
each location is getting to like hang
out with us the whole show behind stage
backstage just for getting a ticket to
the show you also get a movie and I
think you get a poster I don't know if
it's this big but all the details are in
the description you guys please check it
out I want to meet you I want to hang
out and watch the movie that I worked
two years on with you so please click
the link check it out if I'm in your
city let's do it man I'm telling it to
me so much fun and I get to hang out
with you guys and not be rushed around
actually sit in the theater with you and
watch your face to make sure either you
like it or you hate it
oh no so there you have it the very
first ever movie poster not just me
that's the first movie poster made for
the movie like the official so I hold
the number one yeah and then also should
I give it away no welcome to my house
ran out and I'm gonna play that yeah you
do doing playing this you know I getting
a bobcat I hope you guys are having such
a good day it's beautiful it's sunny
this Ohio is so unpredictable man if
you've ever been here you know exactly
what I'm talking about
yesterday stormy rainy the day before it
can be snowing today's beautiful t-shirt
weather there is no weather here it's
everything mixed hope that no matter
what's going on your life or pushing
through it in time will heal everything
me and my sleepy boy back there are
going to get Noah and we're about to
start a whole weekend of fun man it's my
last weekend home for a long time not a
long time but for a while
got to go away the tour starts for the
movie and back to the chaos are you
ready to party with Noah yeah where you
going
hey hi Zeus hey dude remember how I said
we were moving in this week it's still
not done look at this what a disaster
I'll show you the inside okay so we've
got it's really echo here there's
nothing in here the second paint just
went on you can actually see it's still
wet the place is awesome but we still
can't move in look at this it's like
really nice and they still have to pave
and there's just it's it's gonna be
another week I feel like and I'm gonna
be gone so I may get to see it our
driveway is murdered look at this hey
little gamers we got to mud wrestle do
you want to play in the mud there's so
much mud Noah would you get in the mud
with me tonight tomorrow I don't know
really there's one come on we could do
we could do a welcome to Ohio funny
picture his it's always muddy and
cornfield Ian no no not this mud this is
special mud this is that nonstick my
nonstick my daddy is stick to you
there's so much that we got to do
something with it
our see cars like we got to do something
with it
the our C's are fully waterproof we
could just mud run them it's my mom my
brother kids family just showed up and
my mom's making waffles
hey mom where'd you get the maple syrup
I came out of the trees you made it we
did how did you make it was nice I
wanted to make it and your dad put
everything together and he helped me I
made it happen yeah we drove them trees
I have no idea how you make maple syrup
but I have seen I've seen a house with
like a hundred buckets that wasn't you
yeah I've never seen only we only had
nine buckets yeah no eyein buckets we
did like it was like 38 gallons of sap
boiled down to one gallon so when you
hear of a maple tree no that's how you
make it sugar maybe yeah so you drill a
hole in it just wait for it to pour out
yeah I guess we just drilled a hole in
the tree with it with a wheel it's
called a spire and you drive the spire
in and you hook a hose to it down to our
bucket and you just wait I know somebody
watching right now makes their own maple
syrup you guys know exactly what these
fariq's are talking about I need a plate
I need a plate of those Roman plate
paper plates honey
oh the out of paper play Oh
we're gonna have to get a styrofoam
please hang on let me get some clean
dishes we don't you have dishes here's
what we've discovered through all of
this is that you should eat pancakes
with bowls because the syrup runs in the
middle instead of away from the pancake
makes it backwards how's those pancakes
how's the syrup is it everything you
dreamed up it's better that's what I
thought even the stuff you buy in the
store they don't they don't cook it down
as far so they get more gallons Bruce
app so it's runny ER and not as rich so
40 gallons made one gallon so yeah
pretty much are you serious is this
finger really came over talking to me
and then he says he's so calm about it
that's one of my greatest fears is
getting stuck in something just a little
just a little he's so calm we will
that's so good
is that full water no it's got water in
it
it's totally seasoned do not know water
coming out the bog
can not make this up Conrad's finger is
stuck in this cup holder you got screws
let's just take this off that's not
gonna help
well good take it off take it off yeah
got it
you really plugged it up boy y'alright
this house he doesn't think Jane juris
who puts cupholders out all right guys
we need your help my dad has come up
with this idea to launch this balloon
into the air with some type of reward on
it if you guys find it one of you guys
somehow find this balloon you get this
big reward right yeah really cool maybe
more than one balloon and see how far we
can get them okay but here's what it's
turned into you can buy little tracking
GPS units with a service plan and
everything you put into a balloon and
then we can watch daily on the vlogs
where this balloon is right yeah plus a
reward plus we found it you get the
track no no also we'll know what about
where it lands so if you're in that
vicinity and nobody finds it I'll be
able to help them you could like
treasure hunter because I think like we
can get pretty close with the GPS on so
here's what we need to know is this the
stupidest thing you've ever heard keep
in mind the tracker that we will lose
unless somebody ships it back is $400
bucks no no if you want a live track on
a computer you have to have a service
plan you have to activate it's a whole
thing so we'd have to rely on you guys
to actually return it or you know well I
mean if we're gonna go in do it you have
to just pretend it's going
if we lose that we lose it but if
someone can actually find it which I
think we can paint fun we have looked up
helium balloons a regular helium balloon
like this can travel thousands of miles
like you can leave the country I know it
sounds crazy are you guys in that's the
question
here's the bummer of it with the current
selection of GPS it'll take three
twenty-four inch balloons to lift one
tracker what one 36 inch balloon fully
fill to lift one foot thirty so we can
get this far I need to find a smaller
tracker and what's that what's the laws
like are we gonna hit airplanes and so
guys come after us for this tell us what
you think is it the dumbest thing you've
ever heard or should we send up a
tracker
it's a searching fine by the way
tomorrow roaming there's gonna be four
thousand balloons flying into the sky
and you're gonna be out of this game
should we do it or not you gotta ask
super dad so here's the deal Romans been
acting like Todd's went on the pinball
machine doesn't bother him but every
minute tonight that we aren't watching
you know he wants it bad he's after it
Hey
say bye Hey go give Dale go give Dale
big hog you want me to do it I'll hold
your hand
he's so antsy you knew he'd tickle you
high five too slow love you we see you
guys
these are my balls now
oh good job honey
it's fun it's such a good mental
exercise sorry these mumbles now this is
the Gua this isn't the stuff that I want
for memory in the future can you all
look we have a whole drawer full look if
you've been with this channel long time
you guys know I actually love watching
jugglers like they are so fascinating
because it's so hard I thought the best
that I can do and that I've learned is
for balls like and and that's like the
beginner for jugglers I don't know I
love when I juggle clears your mind I
think I'll tell you this juggling makes
me full-on sweat it's like a mental
thing yeah it makes me sweat brain
exercise it is till your room looks
awesome you did a good job so what do
you think you're just getting the hang
of it
you're probably gonna call me the
biggest nerd ever but growing up one of
my favorite games to date still its
commanding conquer generals zero an hour
it's an old game like it's been hectic
even getting it to work on the computers
but I think knowing I are gonna have so
much fun with this game it's an old
strategy game it's a war game you build
you build your army and you attack the
other armies and it's old I don't need
the online servers aren't don't even
exist anymore so it's it's like a local
game we can play per computer the reason
I'm so excited is I want Noah to love it
so that him and I can
or beyond teens or stuff like that dart
machine gun oh my gosh you just that's
crazy you don't have to click that and
then you can click anywhere you want and
that's where your guy will go once he's
he's done being built alright guys thank
you so much for hanging out with me my
family tonight it was really just
everyone at the house goofing off
playing games hanging out talking about
balloon launching and GPS do you
actually do your hair in the reflection
of the fish tank I thought I could but I
can't see him I don't know you had that
look like you were actually doing your
hair just I can't see clearly now no
brain disco thing when your dog is
bigger than your girlfriend so thank you
guys so much for the support the daily
love I'm gonna say it again you are one
of a kind don't forget how awesome you
are they're trying to throw balls at me
don't forget how important you are you
are one of a kind and I'm gonna keep
saying it until you just believe me I
love you we'll see you tomorrow
thanks for everything smile more come
here you see it's glowing red yeah okay
watch come behind me put it on the grill
already watch watch watch watch Oh
