what a mess what a mess what's up guys
spent half the morning just on this
right here it doesn't look like much but
the pinball machine broke this rubber
band right here broke this is the old
one just finished putting the brand new
one in we had to remove a bunch of stuff
house we got mom brick cane duck pinball
touch we should just lose ya know Zeus
Todd and I finally fixed the machine
this morning this rubber band broke in
this back corner and we dug in there and
got it good job did you're the one that
broke it you know that the marking are
three things to be grateful for board
and we got them all on here Brit
technology soap you're thankful for so
grateful and sunshine because I'm here
in Ohio we appreciate things like
sunshine
Todd pinball balls and Dorothy got it
somebody put pinball online I did not
put that every day I live is great that
no that's pretty amazing that's
something before life okay cool
bill just said lights are on in the
building this is the first time we've
had electric so let's go see it only we
would be this excited I'm gonna tell him
I'm really disappointed where's Brittany
oh man we got light guys I don't think
these are really cool so these are all
LED it's like you Keeney I don't know
how to explain it it's not like a normal
light little kitchens coming along
offices are coming along what you think
one more way this is the last week yeah
Thursday I might just move in here
permanently like the house and all its
really nice we could have two separate
houses in junk food
oh you can wake up stairs anyway one
more week while we can we move into the
new building alright guys so today is a
massive excuse we know that the smile
more store ate up almost all of our day
and is now currently nighttime things
that we just have to do as a business
owners and as a family and help me I
don't want to be the only one tell them
no we're not in it just want to come on
and apologize for we skipped a lot of
today for the smile more stuff so we're
gonna pick it up right now
did I see Noah will you find how your
see I think I know where he is
hey guys I got another game to play
perfect mixture of business and family
come here
you got really pack it in there boy
we're gonna wrestle pretty sure this
shirts gonna fit me after we're done
you got that big old belly pulley who
you laughing at belly boys yeah you dude
oh that's better
almost springtime see all the stars
super nice out quiet I wish I knew
energy even 10% more yeah all right what
am I now my battery my you know when
that red light comes on on your iPod any
freak out yeah that's where I'm at right
now all right bastard today Britney had
a pretty rough day now I don't I don't
mean rough like it was it was difficult
for her but she just worked her butt off
like I know she be all she wants to do
is relax and rest so I'm gonna surprise
her with a little half-destroyed Barras
Oakland cane these are the kind of
things that we just deal with daily this
chair is here because cane plays on his
iPad while he poops so we're gonna get
some candles this is how to make your
girl happy
every girl like bubbles I think I
actually don't know that Britney better
result what the heck are you doing what
are you doing you're cutting your pants
or are they are they meant to do that
you got your toe off
that's it looks like you're about to cut
your toes all the way up here oh my gosh
okay you do you think don't come in the
bathroom I'm such a ladies man okay for
some reason we never no bubbles in this
house so this this is like how much do
you put in
oh yeah
oh my god whoa oh that's nice that's
nice
all right little miss thing you mean had
I mean what why are you always scared
come here I made you something
you made me something in the back yeah
it's a tizzy pop no complain and just go
scared come on I have tortured me so
many days a lie don't tell them that
it's a Bobo no sorry no sorry is this
for you you get it there's no fix or
something shut up there's nothing in
there it's not right
listen to her I can't even I can't even
do nice things anymore listen you do you
think relax
yes you know there you go we have
created so much paranoia in this house
like everything is a prayer everything
you just can't do anything nice for
somebody now it's like something's gonna
happen
no this is a wine God why is it all
foggy it's like smoky her little turtle
topper
I am NOT a poor wine like I always seem
like tip the glass and port I don't I
have no idea how to pour one that is an
honest truth you just dump it in or I'm
such a nerd when it comes to cool stuff
like being that like James Bond I'm such
a dork I wouldn't even know how to hand
this here I got this are you man
here I wanted to be serious like like
this madam your wine is vety
alright means you're worn out there's
not X laps in there I would not are you
serious
enjoy your bath come on Jose that right
there is exactly how to make a girl
happy that's it I see it Zeus as for me
guys I'm gonna edit Britney actually
needs to relax she needs some alone time
just to reset she has been crushing it
like when I say like she worked hard
today it's like I wish I could really
show you guys the amount of effort she
puts into her day in the smile more
store and so yeah she deserves a nice
bubble bath glass of wine some alone
time and Zeus can hang out huh
anyways we are wrapping up a lot of
things that we do off-camera around this
house so the vlog should get longer and
more raw which is what I like that's
that is actually my favorite type of
vlog because when i rewatch them I feel
like I'm getting to rewatch some of my
life when they're 10 minutes or so I
don't feel like it's anything I feel
like it's like a highlight reel
basically but we'll take what we get and
we won't throw a fit that's what my kid
says that's what no always love you guys
you were freaking awesome
you are beautiful you're a one-of-a-kind
thanks for sticking around through the
weird vlogs thanks for being here thanks
for sharing thanks for being you you are
awesome I love you you're one of a kind
smile more terrible I like purple -
purple is awesome haha it doesn't make
you a head it okay ask me a question hey
hello if you like
