oh it's so jacked what's up guys we are
leaving
good morning Brit we are leaving San
Diego it's a beautiful place but we
gotta go hit it home to our beautiful
kids our home I'm excited tours over
nope for those of you that don't know
cut my hair live on stage last night so
forgive me put up with my miserable
haircut for a few days the back is bad
like I can get away with this I think
that's what the back is bad right if you
are say goodbye to the beautiful weather
it is so pretty in San Diego holy it's
beautiful guys before we take off on our
flight I want to thank you for joining
us on this this tour and our new
adventures if you missed us on tour and
you're waiting for us to announce the
next dates something super cool I'm
going on a movie tour which starts very
soon I'm putting the links in the
description the very top of this video
clicking it's gonna show you exactly
where I'm at this is fan meets you're
gonna watch the movie with me
it is like incredibly cool get your
tickets if you want to go cuz I
guarantee they're gonna sell out really
fast top link in the description check
it out I'm gonna be there watching the
movie with you it's a live event so
check it out oh guys I'll tell you man a
couple weeks on the west coast it'll
really change a person this weather the
palm trees it's hard to know I'm going
back to the stuff
it's funny I'm looking around and I can
see people staring up the back of my
head there's like chunks all throughout
whatever makes people smile so
unfortunately we could not get a
straight flight back home so we have to
stop and we're ACOG Oh goodbye sunshine
look how beautiful this view is no no no
for real but for Rio it is nice out
oh man it's a Chicago it's freezin
little tastes know what its gonna be
like in Ohio it was hot
what the bathroom had like a hand wave
and the toilet seat rotates yeah you see
I connected here coming out to see you
uh you guys ever seen that that's like
new to me that's like it just keeps
moving yeah does it actually put a new
one honors is just wife you know that's
exactly what I was thinking we literally
just got off our flight thank you thanks
for getting me on this flight thank you
thank you
oh you're they literally just had to
open the doors for us to get on our
plane I don't even know I thought we
were on time lucky he knew you you know
it wouldn't be part of our travels if we
were on Tom
this is just all part of it well to the
toilet distracted me
yes sir home sweet home made it guys it
is 12:30 at night or in the morning it's
a new date my kind of pulling an
all-nighter here to get to Columbus but
we're at home safe yes good I never seen
this Airport this quiet man look at this
baby where's the palm trees
where's palm trees in the hot Sun it's
so late it's 1:00 in the morning we
finally made it I know it looks like
she's got the big heavy one but that
one's way lighter
almost long guys feeling good I'm
feeling great I can't wait to get home
you know we may not have the warmest
weather and the nicest palm trees but we
don't have any traffic we can just drive
like it doesn't matter what time of day
it is usually we're just on traffic I
can driving off the moon is super crazy
tonight
look at that thing the camera doesn't do
it justice that's the moon if you took
and copy and pasted it right beside it
would look like eyes in the sky so hi
baby
hi I know I was only gone a day but I
did you grow did you grow hi Zeus hi my
mom how are you you're up this late you
guys are party animals how big you are
can you almost taller than mommy already
so here's what I want to do I'm actually
gonna continue this vlog through
tomorrow because I'm waking up hopefully
getting Noah in the morning and I really
want him to be part of the coming home
vlog so we're you good there you go so
I'm gonna continue you want to see a
little something I got you
are you sure I know it's late but hey
your eyes are closed
okay here you go
do you like it do you like him alright
that's just for tonight okay we got it
we got it we gotta get some hands so
late
King you have to quit growing you have
to kick quit you're not allowed to grow
anymore you have to be a little baby
guys I am going to close our eyes all of
them physically I'm gonna close I'm
gonna pick this up in the morning so I
will see you in one second there's my
beautiful fish all right guys just like
that it's another day and it is going
exactly opposite of what I had planned
actually I thought I was gonna be able
to get up and go get Noah and I just
can't right now so I'm at least going to
update you on the smile more building
still being built let's at least run out
and check this day out everybody it's
all wet come on of course it's raining
hang on I'll be right back
the weather is exactly what we thought
it would be here we go whoa they just
started the siding today which is great
the doors are up the stone is on let's
take a look
apparently the building gets electric
tomorrow the wid dozer and it's like
they're just paintin sup man so this is
gonna be the main door for the
building's to small more merchants go in
and out real easily smooth we've got an
extra garage here for that the house
itself a little bonus closet they're
just about to start painting actually
sup George George is actually the one
that came in and painted the house when
we got the house so they're coming in we
got this is gonna be like a shower area
and like a mudroom basically these are
some offices this is gonna be the
kitchen it's gonna be all tile and some
sinks like that I guess a little office
here a little office here utility room I
know it's so interesting so yeah guys
this is it's almost there
electric goes in tomorrow they're gonna
paint it tonight and it's really cool
and of course the weather just makes it
hard to get anything done look at this
yeah God so this is the house and it
matches exactly to the building it's
gonna be beautiful eventually oh dude
be glad you didn't come out okay guys so
today honestly went opposite of what I
thought it was gonna be I thought it was
gonna wake up go get Noah throw some
family stuff in here and just give you
guys some raw family stuff but it went
opposite and just nothing I can do about
it right now before we get back into the
Ohio law is the crazy fun family stuff
the explosions the things we do here I'm
asking for a little bit of support on
something and that is one or two days
off of vlogging I think I'm just gonna
do it I haven't really come on here and
asked you guys that for me before I just
need to catch up man whether it be just
a day or two with my kids just one I
wanted just some solo love from daddy
basically it's what I'm saying so if you
can help me out and you understand give
me a thumbs up give me some love in the
comments I
I'm gonna get a lot of flack for it I
really do I'm already aware that but
it's something as a dad that I really
want to do right now I just came off the
tour and being away for two weeks and I
just feel like it's really good for my
kids and Brittany and my family just get
some alone time so thank you in advance
for understanding we will be right back
here in fact Brittany and I have both
agreed to both do snapchat for any day
we miss so we'll be live on snapchat so
it'll be like vlogging but a little
easier the movie tour I'm coming to a
city near you
check it out top of the description come
see me come hang out so that's it guys
thank you in advance for all the support
thank you for all the love we will be
right back I promise I love you your
beautiful smile
