hey guys welcome to the channel good
warning I love you hot body
this is for you don't forget your loose
nice little vlog camera how did I guess
you'd only have one sock on give me a
hug anything it is world so today we're
splitting up for a little bit Britney
and Cain are gonna actually try to vlog
for you guys on their end and I'll be
taking you on my little journey so I
love you goodbye love you can oh I love
you you have follow mommy today I'm
jealous you get to be with her
how are you man good did you miss me now
he's already in lovin I think yeah hey
oh my gosh look at these things oh here
we go here we go let the journey begin
alright guys so today we're taking you
on a completely new journey not YouTube
not a movie it's it's a live show
have you done live shows I have I'm a
theater major yeah really yeah so you're
good and good I'm nervous
guys I'm really nervous I want to bring
you along on this this trip Thanks I
want to bring you along on this crazy
trip behind the scenes what it's like
you know I'm actually nervous he's gonna
be nervous before every show even when I
did like shows back to back to back you
get nervous bad good it means you're
gonna do something great another reason
I'm nervous is all the shows are already
sold out except San Diego
why San Diego not so that's so weird
well my grandmother said and she doesn't
like to buy things online
there's I'll be happy to get at the door
ah you guys are internet
you guys are internet love the Internet
all right guys here we are this is the
studio where we'll be shooting if you've
ever been to a live show or you've seen
a live band they got big TV screens on
the stage videos playing you know
whatever it is that's what Lucy and I
are filming today we have big TV screens
on the stage and they'll be interactive
so when you guys come to the show you'll
actually see things on these big screens
that's kind of what we're doing right
now so we're gonna have big floating
heads on stage should I upgrade my vlog
camera one of these you want to carry
the how long's a battery lasts on that
about nine half well that's pretty good
actually
you ready yeah yeah so you know big
floating heads don't explain something
to you guys because this is really funny
it just caught me off guard when yusuf
said all right we're about to start
filming what do you want to film there
were six days away from the show we
haven't don't make it sound bad we know
we're doing it yeah dude I love my
barber he's amazing but he may look have
you guys been seeing this no I think
that's just you know what you didn't
notice you shouldn't shock this off are
you really so good yeah it's perfect now
yeah oh geez
maybe you should show that show the back
of my shirt sure I'd flip my shirt is
they gonna cut my cut my head on oh yeah
tell them what you're about to do so I'm
gonna be a floating head you guys will
see it you come to the show I'm gonna be
floating onstage so and it makes me flip
that someone excellent let's get it
okay no problem
my dress is throwing me off yeah hey
little stud muffin
you ready to go get Laurie wow it's
raining in away we were supposed to go
to the park so now what are we gonna do
we're gonna go get Kim's hair cut now
and hopefully it's done raining while
it's still light out and we'll get to go
to the park okay room is so much fun you
might wanna get your hair cut
yeah Kate who loves you oh he's so sweet
you do want to donate your hair Brittany
we thought you were chopping off eight
inches for real you're gonna get in here
what you get so good-looking
just water and water okay what do you
think give you buddy ooh ooh how do I
get no yeah Boudreau so far away to go
to a kids haircutting place Kane sat in
a regular chair so now that we're in
Santa Monica
we're gonna go to swingers which with
this one of our favorite places and
Laurie picked it so I was like okay I'm
down awesome let's go so some time has
passed and dude look at this what is
that what's up my friends what's up my
friends look at these guys
I want to wear these is that a helmet
I show this well look at me this guy let
me show that what we're gonna use that
we didn't use because we care about them
yuk yuk they got lucky they got lucky
Roman had a heart love you guys probably
don't know this but I am a professional
piano player this thing's got dust all
over it
boom what you think what you think you
want to drop a beat while I play all
right good here we go here we go here we
go here we go one more time I think you
gonna drop a beat that's like an actual
song all you do is copy and paste so we
just wrapped on today we shot all the
video we need for the tour which is
gonna be so fun I hate not being I'll
show you guys everything but look it's
raining in Los Angeles I tried to get
out of this environment it just keeps
following me around it's not snow and
plus when you're thirsty you can get
little drink that's a good day that's a
good day what you got there boy I got a
did he visit even looking at boy boy
yeah you know you say that like I don't
say that yeah I think about being a
holiday boy oh this is nice bigger
sweetheart you get that door for you
shut for the river
we're gonna run him and I didn't bring
sweatshirts or an umbrella my god we
didn't put money in the meter you're
such a rebel do illegal things oh my
gosh how did we not gonna take it we've
been here for like an hour and a half
thank you Santa Monica please which is
crazy because there's so many of them I
don't know how frickin worse so lucky
good Kate honey coop like really like
had a boob it's a pullover hide
somewhere with bathroom it's this cookie
shop so we go in do you have a bathroom
she's like yeah so I go and let him go
and then of course I'm gonna buy
something so I'm not just gonna go use
the bathroom their cookies are like a
dollar 25 so I'm like okay I'll get two
I felt so bad because it's so cheap so
cane is nicely enjoying these cookie in
the backseat we got some bananas peanut
butter and jelly goldfish can you mean
you don't want to wear Laurie's head man
it's sweet just getting back to fou C's
place man I like your place dude this is
nice
hang speakers whoo fancy look this be
kidding me I don't have one of these
this is that 1 billion plaque no see it
up there
yeah he's got
Oh cuz I got shoes on I can't shoes on I
respect that I respect that I'm used to
my Ohio home and we just run rapid it
was snowing like you do stuff like that
where it's like I'm like take your shoes
off you're gonna go down it's fine dude
my socks are dirtier than my shoes where
yeah well here at Rome and I would block
cribs whoa this is what here's the
office yeah whoa this is the guest room
when you come Wow at you a balcony got
your walk-in closet bathroom should just
stay here man okay what up King would
babysit the dogs all day wow this place
is huge
it rained all over that you got a nice
little puddle man that's a hot tub now
you got like four living rooms in this
place
Roman verse tour sold out sold out
sold out sold out
San Diego what's going on San Diego I
always get tweets San Diego loves you
guys but this is in a big big it's like
huge menus a huge versa like oh yeah boa
Theatre in San Diego guys if you're in
San Diego there's still tick if you want
to see us it's the only place available
so if you want to see a San Diego hit it
it's only six seven eight nine ten days
away I'm so pumped to meet you guys man
I'm literally so excited after rehearsal
today after everything we did guys you
get to see me destroy roman and roman
rich one night only in San Diego
you can't miss Troy I think you forget
what this show is all about game all I'm
gonna say guys is if you want to see us
on tour I'm gonna put the link top of
this description check it out San Diego
go smash
you wanna see there it's a big beat
about bone eater yeah I'm a traveler
we're announcing the next 30 cities on
that website too so they can say up
today there you go all right cool
Brittany just got here with Kane and
we're gonna go find some dinner yeah
yeah yeah hi buddy
look at that hair man it's like a
million trillion zillion dollars how was
your day how's your day hey Laurie you
guys have fun this traffic
I can't even hear right lane it to you
one two seventy you're getting so good
at a game you see I love your shirt did
you get that today a good day for it we
brought the Ohio wit weather with us and
so we're trying to find something we're
trying to find something eat right now
what do we settle on I don't work that's
great
no worries Kane I'm coming over here
with you hold it up fold it up well it's
gone well we figured out the best time
to go out in LA when it's raining
so go out on a date nobody's out what do
you did you guys hear me today
- Noah - hey won't you say I don't know
maybe he's watching I know
Oh
how is it man
I'm enjoying myself
good celebrating her birthday huh okay
we're going to eat are you hungry
what I still got food on my face see in
the morning yeah you remember going
there that place is cool whoo that
building look at that place that is wild
guys we love you so much thank you for
everything my three and face won't stop
I have a theory guys hear me out I think
it's the hairspray I sleep on my pillow
the hairspray gets on the pillowcase and
then I get just a sip on this side it's
always I don't know I'm crazy I hope you
guys enjoyed the little bit of mix of
vlogging Britney me that's all I got I
love you so much
we will see you tomorrow thanks for
everything your beautiful smile we are
buried in the driveway trying to get the
Los Angeles this morning and we are
stuck so we're moving luggage getting in
the truck good morning pal we're up
before mr. sunshine is up where's the
Sun honey for your birthday I'm taking
it to the sunshine
