what's up guys hope you're having a
beautiful day it is a little gray rainy
downtown Columbus today not really
important to you at all I don't know why
I even show you that I got to give a
huge special thank you shout out to you
you guys have been insanely in tune with
the daily vlogs incredibly active you
guys have been destroying the channel
and I don't know what else to do other
than to say thank you it is really
unbelievable and has got to this point
and that you guys are here and from the
bottom of my heart my family's hearts
thank you guys I cannot say it sincere
enough and just show you guys how
thankful we are to have you here every
day even through the boring days the
rainy days cuz the exciting days you're
always having fun with us so thank you
guys that being said I collapsed
physically yesterday I couldn't function
I was up 30 straight hours which is the
longest I've been up I can't remember if
I've ever been up for 30 hours straight
and I collapsed I did vlog yesterday
here's here's a little bit of it I don't
know what else to say hey guys welcome
to the Atwood house we got well we gotta
go I gotta go I am next level her next
level I saw a lot of you guys said you
guys you had to a film that snow video
on your sick day no we filmed it that
night like that night we ended the vlog
and said we had we were working on
something as soon as the kids passed out
that's all we did and we filmed that all
day edit it the same day ah glad you
guys liked it say bye to Christian
get him Christian Otis Valentine's Day
more snow for you homie Christian never
seen a real snow and real life fall from
the sky
so this was a cool trip for him it's
cool for me that I that you experienced
that with me I love that
alright dude absolutely I'll see you
tomorrow in LA
alright you'd be safe get some sleep
run it on fumes it's gonna be a nice
change of pace guys we're out we are
leaving for Los Angeles super early
tomorrow morning all right 6 a.m. is you
guys know how I am in the morning look
at this guy you don't care you don't
give a rip so I'm off to LA tomorrow on
the crazy thing is is when I get back
home this entire building will be done
completely they put the shingles on
today I can't see it so here we are guys
it's a brand new day we still got a
little snow kind of a crazy story I
crashed so hard last night just mentally
physically with exhaustion that I had
Brittany rebook our flights I'm supposed
to be in Los Angeles right now some
pretty literally rebooked our entire
flights I wasn't going that way today
but happened so it's funny how things
work out because I cancelled my flights
to Los Angeles last night slept really
good and then got a call today for some
personal things that had to be taken
care of if I wasn't home it could be a
big problem so it's funny everything
always works out for that exact reason
and uh what about the drivers saying
can you guys imagine having an office
like this one day 15 for this giant
building looking out of the city it's
just sitting there waiting for you I
just found this hanging off the door oh
hey that's how you enter a house wow I
feel really loved how come I don't get a
welcome like that grandma Zeus miss me
look at him
there is get over here I got you
something
I got you so uh what is this happy
birthday now no I mean for all our
backers definite perfect peiser's I see
you too I see you all right it's time
for a big trip
whoa we were supposed to leave this
morning to Los Angeles it's been
postponed to tomorrow morning super
early this is what we got back so far
are you serious five now we'll be gone
by then well we can have a birthday in
the air for airport birthday how many
people do that well the whole airport
sing for you baby
this kid's got energy got a lot of
energy look at him
come on mommy's gonna leave us come on
hey this boy is hyper you can't take
your chair cane I need you
cane I need you to focus I need you to
pay attention I need you what is it it's
a it's a rat
hey that's fair you've never won that
Saturday you did yeah I did not know
that that was in your hair yeah it's
just fishing streets I never knew that I
thought I had a real girlfriend fully
natural okay bye my mom by Zeus will be
back
they are crushing this building man
three weeks away it'll be done
that's the ramp from the snow video and
literally build it that night it's crazy
are you excited you are yeah me too so
we just got out here it turns out we're
turning around
because my mom and dad just got through
our house I thought they were coming
later six it's 550 for their hurry
they're really really
all right we're not getting anything I
need kind of stupid I need deodorant
can't travel without the owner we did a
little u-turn out there didn't we back
home hey welcome to my house so my
parents brought some delicious ribs what
is that a sub yep hi and some birthday
presents you know when we got the word
that we're Adams Adams room house
she got some birthday yes yes what is it
all your fruits and vegetables not first
but vegetables will you make homemade
french fries yeah this is my favorite
thing you got I know I love it it's a
journal I have a feeling we're not in
Kansas anymore any of that that should
go on our pinball machine she write our
high floors in this look what do you
mean hello casserole dish
well I'm right back out I'm gonna go get
Noah I'll be right back enjoy your
dinner
mama you gonna be here I've been trying
to go home but I was waiting on the
worship you're waiting on ribs don't lie
to me you write my name barbecue rib hey
I'll be right back you didn't hear that
your shoes are in the washer does
anybody else wash their shoes in the
washer and dryer
she puts my shoes in there without
telling me all the time like dang my
shoes look nice put Adam there in there
mom won't put my shoes in the washer I
know look look guys I don't I don't even
know what's going on with this vlog I
feel like I should apologize we're
jumping everywhere in my heads you guys
know that natural born pranksters movie
trailer comes out tonight well it's out
by the time this vlog is up there's no
video hit number one on YouTube today
which feels so amazing I know it's
because you guys sharing it
it always showing all your love so thank
you again again even better surprise you
guys know I leave for LA in the morning
and I didn't get to see Noah today in
fact we weren't expecting to get to see
him and I just got a last-minute call to
I can pick him up so I'm going to get my
boy Noah that's gonna make me relax a
little bit and we're just going to visit
with the family and get as much crunch
time as we can before la Lucy and Roman
to a Roman force pussy tour lots of
stuff happening man so stick with me
bear with me the weird vlogs man I don't
know what to say what up little man
how's my boy good to see you squeeze
your head off let's go come on grandpa
their home so it's getting really foggy
out there saying like three to five
inches of snow which if we get that I
bet my flight will be once again moved
up you know why it's foggy out what
makes fog you guys know what makes fog
why me fuck is a cloud but why is father
exist
it's when the ground is warmer than the
air you get fun
I'm the only one in the world so what
happened it got warm today the ground
heated up temperature dropped the ground
is warmer than the air you got followed
and now you know we're back to the house
for like the 15th time today back and
forth no no I couldn't he couldn't come
yes he wanted to go somewhere else I
don't think so I'm telling you you see
his coat no he left he left that Co here
last time no getting tortured over here
they're all running all right guys I
know this vlog is kind of stunk it's
been slow a lot of me just talking blah
blah blah I'm gonna pull a little prank
on with it it's probably really mean but
I need to spice things up she's a good
sport she packing packing packing the
snow video that artificial snow is
everywhere on everything all right
listen I know this is pretty crazy
timing
but yes happy birthday
it's after midnight it is your birthday
and I'm listening I'm so I'm so proud of
us everything we do every single day
who's the video with number one I know
I'm not even talking about you - I mean
just us like us as a team do everything
well I want to I'm gonna bring them into
our life I just want to say like you're
the greatest thing ever I can't imagine
if you weren't born this day 25 years
ago I just love you so much I just have
to ask you one thing you're so
ridiculous you blog with me we're going
away and I'm not gonna be with you and I
mean I need your help
oh I should have known you'd ask this
question for so long and this is your
brand-new brand-new birthday president
that's really cute your very own blog
camera like it's my birthday you better
not freaking propose to me on my
birthday baby awesome so I guess I
should just put this ring back kidding
me so that was really funny I can't
camera so cute no I got it just for you
it's it's it's like the one I use but
like pretty it's prettier I already got
it all greasy awesome I really met
everything you have
you mean like everyday know like because
like we're about to get really busy and
I don't know there's gonna be days where
I just can't vlog you know yeah I mean I
always vlog as much as possible but it'd
be nice if you keep you know the kids
and your life and we mix it in and I
have to teach you how to do all that too
so that's a little hectic you can blog
better Wow I was so nervous to do that
you sounded so nervous but your face is
red and like you sound under my face is
her head yeah I was nervous
so we are just packing tonight guys this
vlog freaking is weird and I want to be
back on track tomorrow I don't know let
me just explain real quick you guys know
I crashed from the 30 hours of editing
and blah blah blah
and then tonight my parents come over
which was amazing before I leave we
leave we're all leaving together
like you guys postpone wait what's their
trash cans in the house parents called
and was like you postpone your trip one
day can we please absolutely like amazed
I'm the best mom and dad in the whole
world by the way yeah mom and damn time
of year so natural born pranksters
released right so you'd think it was
just uploading a video I'm gonna release
the trailer it is such a complicated
ordeal you have so many people involved
I don't even know what happened but you
just released your first I'm so nervous
you guys you guys really should like
literally showing it so much let's just
so nervous there's so much hate in the
prank world right now so I was like I'll
move each other there's gonna gonna hate
it but thank you guys you're always
there for us and Britney such a good
sport jeez I can't even do anything
just like whatever is this sorry for all
those people out there that's just like
Britney he's gonna walk on my own oh no
excited you'll be excited right guys it
is after midnight it is late it's my
birthday we have to get up in five five
some hours to get on a flight to LA
where we're gonna create a whole new
journey this is a whole new journey
something we've never done before and
it's gonna be interesting so I hope you
guys will join us come along
thanks for everything we love you in
case you didn't see the movie trailer go
check it out show us some love I know
it's gonna need it and happy birthday to
my beautiful amazing girlfriend I love
you so much they hate when we kiss I'm
showing love you guys so much
is that it I feel like this is fun to
enroll where we just talk not me in a
car if we need to tell them any any
questions tell them anything else no we
love you guys thanks for everything
beautiful travel vlog tomorrow yeah no
I'm not good at airport vlogs guys don't
kill nobody
I walk camera now I can help you do
tomorrow yes
no tell me in the comments log we love
you you're one of a kind
don't forget awesome me I don't let
nobody bring you down smile more my and
my outro my outro keeps getting longer
it used to smile I'd be like okay guys I
can't tell you sir Marcus screenshot
love you welcome to the Atwoods what's
wrong Brett you don't you don't look
like you're that happy let's see it now
let's see it
