hey guys before this vlog starts I've
kept this a big secret but there is a
new main video on the main channel I
don't know how I kept this in this long
please stop this video right now go
watch it tell me what you think smash
that like button you guys know what to
do send the troops in baby enjoy the
vlog hey hey guys welcome to the Atwoods
what's wrong Brit you don't you don't
look like you're that happy let's see it
now let's see you dude before we get too
far into this vlog I want to take you
into last night and how we pulled this
off a little bit of clips of the
surprise we pulled for Noah and Kane
this morning and dales kids so here's a
little bit of that
real trees probably in that room right
or is anything deep there for like the
corner if you are a kid would you like
to wake up at this gotta have a ramp
that's a lot of - will it really blow
through that I am so excited right now
these guys killed it all the way from
Los Angeles just to bring this stuff
here we are mixing fake snow real snow
what does the other snow it's like all
smokes no blankets no blanket we're
gonna cover all this I'm trying to
actually record now I actually just blew
all this the snow this is biodegradable
snow this is like what they use in the
movies we just blew the whole house and
then they sucked it all back up well
most of it and now we're laying snow
blankets so it's thicker funner for the
kids and now we're covering the house
it's just gonna look more like a snow
palace when we're done this is gonna be
our sledding hill we're actually gonna
haul in real snow when the kids wake up
tomorrow and build a snow ramp out of
this so what do you think
well guys tell me what would you do if
you woke up as a kid to this
not the two dudes there on snow just the
house in general
all right we are look at that that's
amazing she's holding Hey it's so cold
we've had the doors open 3 2 1
I can't even explain what this is like
right now you thought your dad might
have filled the house of these real
they're real what will you do Wow you
like it you have turned the great
outdoors in mm-hmm
there's snows getting stuck in the door
that was good
rush it off what happened what do you
guys think that awesome who left the
window is Li as good as any of the best
resort install the lift
well little lift seats who is awesome
you hit the lens Oh
like penguin slam hole
to do it just all do it are you dizzy
are you guys in your little cage I mean
we got a snow hill and everything that
this this can be the icing yes
alright guys I've been trying to vlog
today but it's all my focus has been on
making this video we got so many awesome
people helping out
thank you guys that's a wrap the house
is destroyed the ground is all wet from
the snow I've been slipping Zeus has
been I know you're lying
I know that you guys Rock these are
actually the art guys that did the movie
and as you can see they're good at what
they do good job
so was that worth coming to Ohio for we
pulled it off I got to tell you another
story
so last night it started snowing and
Christian says the first time he's ever
seen snow in her life on the sky yeah
I've been in trouble never seen have you
ever been in a house you know you it's
never really around long enough to
really enjoy it
we're always so quick so fast pace how's
your hot cocoa you guys got good hot
chocolate what's that white chocolate
Jeff fun cane yeah really hope you guys
have enjoyed this video it's very
difficult lots of planning it doesn't
look like it but it is a lot of planning
check it out
they're cranking away on the smile more
building - can you help cleaning I'm not
either we need to help
maybe you should vlog and I should clean
there's pretty much a matter of moving
it all out and shop macking they've
rented these giant industrial shop backs
where they come in suck it all out and
your house is reset within 40 minutes
thirty forty minutes to an hour I mean
it'll be really cleaned up in another
hour but I'm incredibly impressed the
only real issue is the temperature in
the house right now is 54 and that's
going up and this bad boy you guys okay
in there I'm cold too little dude
see you guys Kane come here come here
come here
love you baby my best bud did you have
fun in the snow
you're welcome Bob it's crazy how quick
they cleaned up I know you know I can't
believe these nails today I know
feels like a week ago Jane I love you
buddy all right guys we were warping
past a little bit of time we're jumping
back into reality the house is almost
back to normal we're going out tonight
for Brittany's 25th birthday it's her
birthday on Monday
we're flying know Tuesday oh man this
sounds so bad we were going out for
Britney's birthday tonight with I'm just
gonna show you a bunch of people are
here the boys went to Grandma and
Grandpa's what a day man I hope you guys
really enjoyed this video I did I
enjoyed making it I enjoyed editing it
which isn't done when you're watching
this right now I'm not done but it's
quick turnaround I film today and it's
up tomorrow that's the that's the beauty
of this video not the wait this video
this video is no deals no brands this is
just me and my family pulling this off
so this one was really exciting still
took forever figured out
I just looked like a rush hour I still
have little snowflakes all over my hair
hi Todd
you know what you deserve this you
deserve it I never shared this with you
guys I don't know why didn't you wait
wait wait you never put those never blog
I know why I know why hang on a second
hang on what's wrong with your arm did
what Todd is now the Grand friggin champ
which means I'm canceling my trip to LA
on Monday everybody else watch hang on
Freddie wait that still looks good
though that still looks good number one
but there's only two there's only two
Romans up there yeah we get it we get it
I think I've seen enough snow for one
day this is my yard that's not a
driveway first location I don't know
what we're doing here we were supposed
to actually start tonight with you
bowling but I don't know hey what's up
buddy
this is the card from John my wife made
that it's beautiful just like me what
else you are awesome thank you so much
happy birthday $100 for this just take
what you want are you cereal take oh can
you guys blend this into a blender and
just give you the tough hey the only
thing I sing happy birthday to Brittany
I think we're making out I think so
let's do it
you want to go get gas loose we got gas
this time back inside back inside have
my burger John come on you know it's
your night
it's your night understand all right
here we go next stop let's do it Oh whoa
Nickelodeon studios Chuckie Cheese here
we come
this is how you know we've missed our
kids we play things like
guys we are warping back home thanks for
everything thanks for showing so much
love on the new wakeup surprise for the
kids unbelievable I hope you guys really
really enjoyed it was a lot of fun to
make we are calling it a night it is
actually we got home at 1:00 a.m. in the
warning I just finished editing the snow
wake-up video whatever it's gonna be
called 706 a.m. so now I got to do this
vlog all night oh baby thank you guys
for the love thank you for the support
that's my camera looks so weird guys if
you have just one minute please go over
to the new video on the main Roman
Atwood channel and hit that like button
for me man it would mean a lot on this
one it's uh it was funny love you guys
thank you
you want to see more big scale videos
like this let me know love you smile
