are you a hundred percent sure you want
this to happen like a hundred percent
they thought about it tomorrow
the Dudesons are coming to our house hi
buddy
are you sure like you've what you
thought this out you just said they were
coming and I don't think I said anything
do you remember the last time the dishes
were here so you're okay with it so I
just want to make sure everybody's on
the same page here the dookey are coming
tomorrow in case you guys forgot last
time here's a little flashback
perfect
hey guys good news there's a flight
tomorrow for you guys back alright guys
so having special guests to your home
into your house is a lot of
responsibilities you gotta have sleeping
areas we got how many got five guys five
this time all the Dudesons plus
cameraman and editor for them it's a lot
of responsibility you gotta have a lot
of food a lot of places to sleep
blankets pillows yes we don't need any
of that
let's go little rascals let's do it
whoa you are fast
come on this would be awesome in the
ball pit a little kids bunk bed and then
you can jump off the top bunk into the
ball it kind of looks like our couch huh
and you can even ride on it I love it
well bottom line is they don't have
sturdy bunk beds not here that's for
kids bunk beds are typically for kids
well we want adult bunk beds where you
get a good adult bunk bed cane you
thinking about it look at this game it's
a rope lamp that's awesome
we should be that the grandma grandpa
you think they'd like it no is waking
you up it's a magic bed oh man come back
down this game I would love to have free
range of a furniture store for a day I
could just come in and do whatever you
want feel like you could have a lot of
fun here bring in some bikes and build
some ramps and stack the mattresses and
oh yeah well if you start working now
you should be able to get it in about 12
years I'm getting the manager all right
we didn't have too much luck their game
you don't watch the truck for some money
or Noah you know you don't uh-oh we got
trash go get it get it get it you're
using the force kids crazy
get it can get it
Oh 233 it was nice to be greeted by this
big bear alright so we stopped and got
something you haven't done a long time
and he's so excited man you guys are
just gonna like I have to watch this
video we're gonna grill some steaks good
steaks local butcher local me and check
this out Alfredo noodles biscuits I got
the big ones dude bigger and flakier hey
you think we have propane it's been
sitting here a long time we're gonna
steal the gas from a little fireplace
here well it feels pretty light man I
don't know it's gonna suck so how do I
get the steaks on here and this gives
out here goes I don't even watch how I
use this thing it's been a while there
we go
we got fire boy come here
alright while the grill heats up I'm
gonna play a little game of cane that I
don't know if this games a real game or
it's just something that we used to do
when we were kids or if I just
accidentally came up with the idea here
is the game okay you got to get your
army man why don't you pick five guys
get 5 snipers ready
this guy's gonna have a tough shot
that's a long shot with a handgun
bazooka man you know blow your Ford up
alright I got my guys you set yours up
let me help you and that's where you
want your guys awesome ok grab a little
Marvel the object of the game is each
one of us get the role of Marvel if we
shoot the marble and we hit a guy he's
dead last guy with a guy left wins you
ready oh so he's out for verse 5
two guys with one marble all right my
shot Oh three verse three oh you got me
to verse three
Oh got one two verse two tubers - you
could make this game it is this stream
as you want you could go all the way
back there and obviously a flat surface
is better because these the marble
literally ramps but it's whatever we're
just having fun goofing off right what
you got an extra guy here we go oh all
right tubers - again guys okay take your
shot oh so close
daddy got the lucky shot oh that was
complete luck now look you can add to
this game right so you can use a regular
Marvel but if you get a tank or a perk
these are perk items all right
you have to buy those there's a 99-cent
section you get a bigger Marvel the tank
shoots the full size you want to buy a
tank just through on the stakes holy cow
Zeus you probably just drooling over oh
you guys ready to go down yeah good yeah
here's Noah's team we all get five guys
little base Kane good job I like it
here's daddy's five guys ready
oh one guy down bounce it Oh took down
your base and your flag takes you out oh
that's it
it's two hours to total miss not gonna
lie it's a fun game we should call it mr
are balls or mom are me marble Terry
this this is like the cheapest game ever
a couple marbles one horrible actually
and some cheap plastic army guys come
every once in a while everything just
goes to plan the gas didn't run out on
the grill we got steak we got food
what's a steak next like you're making a
art piece out of it there's quite a bit
of fat on it I love the fat that's what
my sister takes all good you know the
food's good when nobody's talking
all right dinners wrapped up and it
wouldn't be a Sunday for us if we didn't
grab some mail typically we try to catch
up on mail but there is no catching up
on them I love you little dude I can't
wait ten years from now to watch that
clip right there I'm sure it'll be
precious we can just carry up these
boxes and get caught up here that whole
wall is all boxes as well
oh please can we fold shirts pick your
mail boys pick your mail boys go around
this jumbo jet we're gonna dig in this
one is specifically addressed to Noah
and Kane I can't be what it is it could
be you don't know what it is you guys
are gonna want this we have so much fun
with this what does it rip it open hog
what is it came I thought it could be a
little prank I'm Trey and I love this I
live in Jacksonville Florida I don't
know about the kids but the Dudesons are
coming tomorrow so that should get them
through the week Thank You Trey what is
next
yeah there's nothing in that boss it's
so light it's like the left side yeah
our class in school him and his friends
Charlie in the Chocolate Factory biggety
biggety Moo you gonna get a boo-boo you
can't open now charlie horse yeah I'm
taking on what is it all right well we
got in there mama you can't have that
one good boy he's like I know it's not
mine but let me have it
oh that's cool we followed Bitzer 22
what are you doing Oh get it
he knows look at that good boy there's
another one there's another one
Zeus this is a serious package do this
so much stuff in here the tennis balls
were Zeus that's that's good even if
they weren't they were gonna consistance
he turned from Zachary bell yeah
Zachary Bell hooking it up all right
this one's coming it says hey guys made
this just for your family it's one of a
kind
it would be awesome if you could place
it between the kitchen doorway and the
closet it really knows our place much
love from Brady from Pennsylvania what
you think it's super nice it's like
legit Thank You Brady it's it's super
nice I mean the camera doesn't do it
justice but it's all wood it's super
nice it's clean and simple me love it
this is like wait is there anything in
here for me well this side says restroom
this is a random box of goodies from JD
Blake from Texas he wants you to see it
mommy did you see it did you see it
mommy can contain K never a dull moment
sis look at every box
oh that's hilarious
coming in from Anna from Queens New York
my husband Eddie and I are huge fans of
your YouTube channel and small more
story you're truly blessed with an
amazing family everyone is just so
pleasant outgoing inspiring devoted
honest people very very funny thank you
so much Anna and Eddie
oh honey daddy's gonna take this off
your hands
I just want to say it's always really
nice you guys defensively
does I get this crap up me and I'll
participate did even my cameras covered
it is well thanks for the silly string
guys always nice you guys to send that
stuff soos loves it Kane loves it
yeah you're pretty much covered all
right so the silly string queens are
Lauren Melville and Isabel they're 9 11
and 12 and they are all neighbors and
they live in Ohio that's awesome
oh yeah I had the names wrong Cece I
think Lauren and Isabel that's you since
what we got here boss who's that is it
daddy
you will silly boy hey Roman please put
this where you can see it in the vlog I
made it because you're an inspiration
tell pain I said hi Mason dies born day
is born Hey
look what Haley sent for you shield that
has your name on it captain Kane that's
not yours he's been pretty on it like
when he puts his nose in a box they
either had dogs or there's something in
there for him he was right there's dog
treats right in the box no he's he's
starting to like I think Seuss is really
starting to like fan mail this will come
in from Haley from Virginia thanks for
the stuffing Zeus I don't know what's in
this box
wow you can barely see it from here all
those little pieces with love from
Cheyenne and Elijah PS no one I share a
birthday which i think is awesome that's
cool no that's your face cuz you're
smiling and there's a smile put this one
over at it that one's from Valerie
Rasika hair Kane look little box of
Legos oh my gosh it's a rock salt lamp I
know it's crazy
who is it from mark so mark just sent us
a rock salt lamp these things are
amazing and we just bought one what last
week two weeks ago all right guys we're
gonna end it with that I have to uh I'm
actually gonna edit the vlog get some
sleep we have a big not just date
tomorrow but the whole week is filled
full of craziness man like tell me that
comes what would you like to see us to
do with the Dudesons this week we have a
lot of things planned and
a lot of time to do things so the
options are endless thank you for
watching today this was a real like us
with the kids day man this is really
what it's like we played some games we
opened the man it is really today it was
pretty real I didn't like I didn't like
do anything to make this vlog
entertaining like that there was a
glimpse into what it's really we love
you guys our family loves you thank you
for all the support thanks for all that
you know what just thank you you guys
know what's up we will see it tomorrow
big fun week I'm going to try to launch
starting tomorrow raw blog so this
should be a lot longer all week fuller
don't kill me if I mess up smile more
guys you're freaking beautiful you're
one of a kind don't forget it there we
go dude we're gonna have a forest fire
bro hey let me jump it
