hey guys welcome to the vlog channel we
are about to pack up what hi we're about
to pack up all this stuff head to my
brother's house basically try to create
something fun today something different
something new we've never tried and
looked all this stuff should be a pretty
fun day I am taking just about all my
random crap tripods mouths anything you
can think of to put a camera on tons of
chargers extra batteries we got way more
GoPros than we actually need all right
I'm gonna take the monsters you get
better
oh let Britt sleep she's still down
she's laid out look like a pro boxer
that just lost the night before you guys
stay in sleep bye mommy I buy juice me
and my boys today baby we're gonna have
some fun or what yeah yeah all right
let's do it all right you ready to do
this oh you got a new vid yeah oh yeah
yeah
I gotta see I can't show you guys
action-packed thriller dude love it hard
work on that one be sure to check out
the elves move in right oh yeah thing we
want to do is try to set up some type of
track or obstacle Dale's got the best
back yard because these trucks will go
just about everywhere there's different
paths options we have a main path here
in here and then there's one down there
like the whole idea today is that we
race outside but we drive inside no idea
really what to expect but it looks
perfect look at the point of view super
cool setup yeah I don't know yeah I
guess we'll see so here it is guys
here's our rig this is our trucks we
have the executive trucks this is our
exact we have the exact same trucks the
same camera rigs the same transmitters
and hopefully we will be able to drive
in Dale's
woods from inside his house give me
swing so right now we're trying to
figure out how to rig our GoPros so that
we can cut into the Edit it's actually
what we're seeing basically kind of
thinking right like that that's all
though we'll be seeing from here you
guys will be seeing
the truck did you did you have a spare
GoPro for me um I mean you have to take
a look or you got the new pilot isn't
even out yeah I want to use them yeah
yeah but what are we doing here well
here's the thing first of all John got
here yeah I'm here to help
I know so little what's crazy is there's
no pizza that you took its way right I
told you there was no guarantees all
right well let's see no matter what
mount we use it becomes rocky on the
GoPro because it's just I mean it's its
weight on plastic so we're gonna
actually just physically tape the camera
to the frame should give a more stable
shot you guys didn't just shrink-ray an
actual SUV no you're ready dude yeah
let's go all right John said it best you
got all this technology and then tape
tape give me credit for something that I
said is that it just stealing it that
was John Corman II actually did this I
have all these mounts
he invented the tape - yeah that's
nobody knows that now Roman it fitted
the brass knuckle mount for the go p-- I
don't know if I've ever showed that look
at this it's a GoPro mount brass knocker
listen proud UFC you know they can get
the real good yeah it's the first person
person fight real test these babies out
we're going out the front door here's
our screens and they are there ready to
go and we're going to follow the leader
okay all right
that is so fun and out into the jungle
baby oh there's a sled they go over the
sled oh there you are rocky terrain of
SATA like nothing like that wasn't gonna
sled there oh this is a sick ramp right
here what is this he's going for it
oh yeah well screen only guys that's the
rule still anywhere crystal clear no
break up it is wild
they'll fit it up side down oh yeah here
he is you'll see it better on the GoPro
yeah
yeah look looking Roman screen Oh
is the underwater Roman has flips I
don't know man has flipped Dale can take
the lead there's they're not even racing
do that GoPro yeah this is the whole
everybody wants this to dig up oh wow
that's nice
we have to put on scuba gear because
we're so deep you have to dive in this
camera is heavy
shite no way all your GoPro lived yeah I
think it barely lived look less than an
inch away from water look oh it's the
water Oh barely you're like yeah we
literally were in there and he's like oh
yeah we don't need cases we're fine
we're fine
oh his looks like oh yeah that one's
recording they'll just flipped Oh cut it
out cut it out Dale all right that one
needs a grease and these things look
covered and like turkey doodoo stuff
looks like it's covered in dragon
diarrhea diarrhea Dale is like a surgeon
with this thing
oh good job bro Roman is the green truck
oh yeah these are brand new Wranglers so
ready to race
yeah we got to build something yeah yeah
we got to figure out what what's next
and I've definitely immersed myself into
the vehicle so I'm I'm really gonna be
able to get inside would you say you're
one with the vehicle not yet
now we're getting there but we're off to
a good start dude we got to put them in
cases go in mine this one's yours
chocolate cover yeah you wanna do it
fresh I didn't really go go grab a
toothbrush I'm super annoyed because my
FDR popped out so I don't know what I
got on here all right guys we've decided
to switch it up a little bit we are
gonna actually create a rope soaked in
kerosene or some type of liquid and clay
Llosa flavor more and we're gonna try to
ramp the truck through the fiery range
this is uh this is called the dragon
jump the dragon jump jump it oh I like
the dragon theme we can do a square it
doesn't have to be a circle just a
burnin cube of fire burning cube of fire
burns like a cube of fire tails down
here building the ring I'm gonna build
the ramp I'm in charge of the ramp so I
don't know hammer nails John just
appears hammer nails right say you build
a ramp out in the woods if you ever need
one this is a good shelter - I will my
wife already kicked me out that's why
I'm here
that seems like a good story for the
vlog
it wasn't wood I did break this arm both
bones and this arm be a mess I was out I
was really close so learning 360s on
doubles okay sure there's no middle it's
a double and I bailed I was a good baler
I slid down I stood up didn't even know
didn't even know my arm was like dropped
this terrible is a huge compound
fracture nice test number one no fire
just roping RC muscle and dreams easy on
the landing I looked out guys we don't
know what's gonna happen there we go
perfect so there is some danger involved
hey you landed upright hey how's my
little boy how's my big boy feel my
fingers feel when your neck really
getting in tickled me no it's cold all
right so we're gonna let the Sun go down
so that the fire is hot we're gonna eat
some wings John
we broken John is broken Dale help John
help John thank you that's a close one
man all right guys we're gonna try to
pull it off the fiery ring of death are
you ready to see it
me too yeah I don't think it works very
well on gravel all right we're about to
soak this row it's not even a ring I
don't know what this object is what is
that object hexa Rex huh gone we're
gonna attempt to get a pretty crazy
picture here I can make it look darker
we went from creating a race to setting
a rope on fire and ramping through it it
was always yeah this could be the finish
line dude my voice is cracking all day
my nose our stuff just got a text from
Brittany she is still super sick I can't
even believe it we're gonna do a test so
this is it yeah all right Kane go back
there ladies and gentlemen please don't
try this at home
no warmups no warm-ups necessary we're
going for it all right
we are soaked in charcoal blue light her
up there we go dude we're gonna have a
forest fire bro hey let me jump it
got any fireproof gloves I don't know
what happened all right second attempt I
don't know what happened actually well
we're gonna soak it up a little better
and yeah what do you think of that you
see it came like crowd sounds what do
you guys think of that
tow truck going through the fire you're
falling huh
all right we're gonna step it up a notch
I successfully went through the fire now
it's Noah's turn this is risky this is
risky this isn't bad for throwing this
together today like right now we're
gonna light the fire for you all right
buddy you ready
hey are you ready let's sit
this is Noah's first jump faster that's
one way to do it I so here's pre hit and
the air looks good Oh on the road and
then he gets wow that's like a full day
time shot yeah so weird go back it's
full night on fire and then that's a
sweet shot that was a lot of fun lot of
RC stuff today you guys build a little
for what's going on here I see feet
let's go in
who's in there no uh you guys go for in
here all right kids everybody sit here
ready it's time for class
Noah it's time for class put the toys
down we got to learn some things today
you guys ready for class come on you're
gonna want to learn this you're gonna
want to learn this okay i sat on the
couch and started reading this book and
I am baffled by space every time I read
about space I freaked out like it messes
with your head because it's so vast it's
so massive it's so unreachable it just
blows your mind so what's the fastest
thing ever in the whole world
what is it what's the fastest thing in
the whole world on Flash's the fastest
thing in the world how about light light
when you turn on a light switch it's
instantly light right yeah that's it so
light is the fastest thing
okay flashes festive we're gonna take a
flash all right light travels at 186,000
miles a second that means if you shine a
light at the moon you can blink your eye
that's there that's how fast it is deep
so a light year is how far light can
travel in one year to get to the nearest
star to us it's 4.3 light years away you
have to travel the speed of light for
4.3 years to get there honestly guys
space is baffling it drives me nuts
man I can't even think about it look at
all the stars it's crazy out here Seuss
hey boy you scared me he's happy you
guys are back oh yes he's looking for
you he's looking for you right now I
hope that you enjoyed today's vlog it
was so awesome hang out with all the
kids my brother getting some one-on-one
time with him just doing what we do man
goofing off having fun being parents
showing our kids how to have fun I hope
you guys can take a little bit of our
energy and do something fun yourselves I
don't really recommend doing anything
that we ever do in fact I'm actually
against anything that I'm not sure that
our ideas are always good but on a real
note guys get out do something fun man
get up get off the couch for a little
bit turn off the TV maybe put your phone
away but that's it guys I love you hope
you have a great day hope you had a
great day we will see you tomorrow
you're beautiful
you're one of a kind smile let him have
it
