what we got going on here buddy you know
you let the sweeper clean it out yeah I
think we can salvage this
you still got enough for a bowl these
are still harm you got them for me I
know he's trying to get it real fast I
don't know if this is really the best
dog Hey so you want cereal in the banana
you want me to cut the banana up put it
in the bowl you want me to cut the
banana and put it in this separate Bowl
yeah and then you eat both of them what
why did you get cereal that's what I'm
trying to figure out Cain can you hear
me you gonna put the cereal on the
banana yeah if you watch yesterday's
vlog you saw that me and my brother had
some pretty cool stuff custom-made no
one still hasn't seen it so I want to
bring him in here cuz I know him and I
are gonna have a lot of fun you ready
all right here we go
look like normal RC trucks right they
have custom cameras built into them
right follow me that you fully drive
from these TV screens these are antennas
that's a big antenna now let me show you
yeah so basically a company made us
these custom mounts that go inside the
truck until you get it around so that me
and my brother could drive our C trucks
from a TV screen this is a cool little
kit they built for us and I'm gonna show
the kids right now kingsalt last night
you guys saw me yesterday I was like a
kid in a candy store there you are send
it out
all right is it breaking up there we go
down the steps and in the mud let's go
check out the new building oh my gosh
you can just go anywhere so cleared oh
look we're all the way outside of the
building driving around in that thick
mud I know uh what is there not to love
about that it's so fun oh all right the
kids are totally busy for a while we had
all these plans today and then they fell
through Britney his in bed sick I can't
even believe it she felt fine and now
she's in bed in the middle of the day so
I don't know I'm gonna keep you updated
on the building these guys are killing
it they got the roof on it's not gonna
be long now man this place is coming up
I'm kicking myself that I didn't set up
a time lapse oh this whole building
being built I think that would have been
rude from the wash
Oh what do you think also loose get out
of here and do it yeah Mon Oh II know we
know he Coco Puffs okay good news is
Brittany's getting up she says she's
feeling a little better she's gonna grab
a shower get ready while she's doing
that guys we need to do we need to do
mail like not just mail like book this
whole wall is is is mail from you guys
all these boxes is mail from you guys
that stack behind that black bucket all
mail from you guys yes we'll take that
up what is that I like that so while
Brittany is getting ready we're actually
gonna head over to my mom and dad's my
brother his wife and kids are gonna go
we have a nice family dinner I want to
take you guys along and show you some
things over there that's what you're
going with
actually one of those is mine all right
I'm gonna grab a couple so we're gonna
rip a couple boxes open what Brittany's
getting ready and I don't know maybe
just try to roll vlog a little bit today
I'm just gonna grab that sushi got open
one this time you gonna open one this
time slip them out boy snip them out
uh-oh this you done you got them all
over snack oh you already got one open
all right here we go we're gonna jump
right into it ready first ones coming in
from Parker and Bryce from Utah to open
my Swedish fish boy ooh looks like a fun
box look Zeus look Zeus
those are fun
oh look Zeus what is that not for you he
may have just claimed it drumsticks
awesome
daddy else is in here she won't know I
bet you could get mom all with it
but it you put a little string on it
well that's scary put a little string on
it well she'd is so scared Kane so that
stuff came in from Shelton Shelton thank
you
Kane already loves the wooden snake
knows play with the sticks and
unfortunately balls don't last too long
around here just instantly claimed it we
got a feared there's the note when you
make me snicker when you do your special
opera you are The Four Musketeers I love
you too reisi pieces I hope you have an
almond joy love you Elizabeth
thank you let me see what's wrong and
what is that these things are awesome
they're all like teeny little magnetic
oh yeah I love them things they don't
spill on their even EF am effing a fan
all the way from Wales UK
alright cool and Brenda sent us this
cool little smile more bored oh the Rope
just came huh I'm a knot guy
this you can hang it up on your room or
something mr. Magneto
are you happy zoo all right guys all the
way from Paulo hi oh it's like our
neighbor Eddie see what's in here army
guys pictures is that a puzzle
oh that's cool canes like magnets
magnets are a hit I think it is oh my
gosh I love it that's that's all of us
Brittany is like into it she's killing
it with her pink hair this is super fun
actually is there a note that's your
letter okay so this fantastic piece of
artwork I love when you fantastic I love
when you guys send artwork especially
something so red like we're not even in
a band but you guys turned us into one I
love it it's so creative
it's colorful it's fun this is coming in
from Mohamed but he does speed art
drawings he's been watching since 2010
that's that's the dedication right there
really all I can do is say thank you
this sucker is getting hung right up and
our brand-new building it's gonna look
awesome all right a few more here let's
just go this is great
you like those buddy those are fun man
we could set up a whole war I have all
your guys all these guys first these
guys what you got there boy whoa there's
five bucks in that puzzle oh man you
guys make him work for it
yeah and there's a note in there
dear Atwood family you have no idea how
much you have inspired my life i watch
your videos every single day and they
inspire me the quotes moiré has helped
me with more problems in my life I feel
like I am part of your family you are a
part of our family look look you got
Noah looked Thank You Jordan for all the
stuff you said not just that puzzle it
looks like something else in here
Brittany smile more Kane what is this
they are Lego ice cube trays cool look
Lego guys yeah check out it's bright
good spot ready
which one's faster which one
let me see which one's faster Oh the jet
oh that's cool
how you feeling a little better yeah you
were out like not that I could have
really messed up um air I felt that you
still I'm going to make my antibiotic
thing tonight I hope that really gets me
back for that he just made homemade
spaghetti and meatballs and my family my
parents makes it I think it's like a
whole bunch of food so we're gonna work
with my mom and dads and you're feeling
that much better
no offense you kind of look like a
zombie we pre warn the whole family we
don't want to come over because she
might get you sick but they say it's a
sinus infection it's not like a virus
that you can't like you really because I
had it now you have it what is it hey
bubs
well y'all snuggled up man I don't mess
with my footage I heard it what you do
let's get King hey hey
he's not interested yeah it it looks
pretty real Noah saved up his money and
bought an Apple watch by himself yeah
that one was what seven bucks
no thirteen thirteen after shipping see
you got you got foot jokes Noah's got
watch jokes it's a dummy it's a dummy
there you go man is your there's your
full full pol bacterial antifungal anti
Paris you must be safe depth juice death
juice this is just that either brings
you back alive or just kills you you
don't believe him
chain doesn't believe me no one just
said who is this isn't it's not me yes
is this is me that's daddy
there you go guys this is a real a gym
right here it's just back when these
bead necklaces were so popular so we got
in the kitchen here tonight
Jessa's homemade spaghetti and meatballs
cornbread
pac-man it just sounded good tonight
it's ours
I could eat cornbread every day and corn
you ready dude we're gonna get spaghetti
mixed I've never all right what is in
these jars yeah you just smell it it's
fun they can place them all through the
camera okay onion jalapeño peppers
habanero peppers garlic horseradish
ginger root high end pepper to brick
cumin you said you said that it's making
my eyes water it's potent you're gonna
try it no we're gonna watch you get
ready if you do it all do it you're
supposed to put it in a black room into
a full moon this is which time there's
no way of saving a hundred dollars from
going to the doctor all right everyone
quit your crying get ready I'll get in
here come on this is the last thing that
I want to do come on rib eye I don't do
that
Hey know what you want to do it with me
we're gonna taste test this you want to
man up with me yeah
no it's just applesauce Pop's yours
you're gonna do it okay load him up
Clark
like that Dale I guess we need you to
hold this cameras on the camera you
don't wanna do it the cameras get you
that's not right a little more up with
dad oh let me spread it out that's done
you better leave that sink open oh I'm
going Romans got the toughest no block
him do not let him get to that shake
yeah just the only ones getting through
me look it's all natural it's wholesome
it grows in a field
probably you just swallow you don't even
swallow
yeah no it's nothing what's in here what
did you have me whoa the afterburn
here's the truth not that bad
it's incredibly toxic no lie don't act
up on camera and do super evil its be on
top I think you'd have the same result
taking a diesel gas pump and spraying in
their mouth that's what it tastes like
you know where shoes Zeus
guys were kind of working back home we
got some awesome family time we're
really trying to rush in as much family
time as possible cuz you know it's about
to get crazy Monday the Dudesons are
here and then after that week we fly out
for a long time so a cereal bar it's
really late
what are these pumpkin seeds so we
thought Britney was kicking it but she's
like right back in bed she just we had
to come home and I'm heating up I don't
know if you guys ever seen this like a
bag of rice it smells so good
but you heat it up and it lasts a long
time she puts it on her head and it's
incredibly interesting ah let's see if
it where I've no idea
looks like it sweet those are so cool
I know one Ice Cube man look at that do
we should smash one in slow motion you
all right it's late it's really late we
try to do couldn't yeah give me a favor
King do me a favor take get to mommy
okay go go go mothers come on let's go
kangaroo suite watch dude
it's always on you can legit mess with
people though it's so perfect I know I'm
just winding you up and I started the
ultimate ih guys you know you start
itching your eyes it feels so good you
can't stop growing it now I'm just
seeing little speckles and dots you know
you rubbed your eyes so hard you start
seeing like outer space like different
planets and like you're in another world
we are weird if you think about it we
are weird I want to know when you do
that
what's your eye look like this it looks
the same or you like smashing it in what
you're saying that's not play-doh can we
hug
are you broken yeah okay mommy's broken
yeah you have to fix her your teeth hurt
she was chomping on that concrete
outside one she hey why I add it while I
edit this video and keep mommy warm you
can keep my spot warm alright I'll let
you fall asleep with mommy okay hey get
better little flower well just look over
at this little guy it'll cheer you up
I love you guys you're the best you're
the best in the west
call me if you need me on my cell looks
like it's just me and you big dog
literally all right guys that's that
really is the vlog today we got some
calling time in with the family which is
always huge and number one to me you
guys know that that comes above anything
and it just was nice and I filmed a
little bit but I wanted I wanted to
really go wrong but I ended up just kind
of hanging out and I know you understand
that
the Dudesons hit our house Monday it's
gonna get crazy it's gonna be a full
week of mayhem guys if if you're into
the fast-paced vlogs get ready I am
going to try don't don't
don't beat me up in the comments section
if I don't do it but I'm gonna try to
launch another week of raw vlogs
starting that Monday so a whole week of
super long vlogs mixed with us and the
Dudesons and all our antics it should be
an incredible just fun memory to capture
so thank you guys for sticking around I
hope that you're sticking to this
positive lifestyle that I push on you
constantly I've kind of pulled back a
little bit but I don't want you guys to
forget about it and I'm here to motivate
you I use these videos to help you guys
I know that you know I could be looking
at you right now and you're struggling
with things and I want you to know
everybody's struggling with things man
you are not alone we are all fighting
our own battles everyone you look at has
their own problems and there could be 10
times bigger than yours so just remember
that you got this you can do it you are
one of a kind you're beautiful don't let
nobody bring you down smile
there's a learning curve oh yeah
