Hemme receive Oh kevie receive now give
me your seat you just died he just died
hey guys hope you're having an awesome
day Kane and I my little buddy we have
been out and about running around doing
errands one the account I'll tell you
what man has a youtuber as a youtuber
you get paid all your money up front
right H month they hand you all your
money they don't take taxes out so when
you go to your accountants he's like you
know what let's just solve this number
and a half at a normal job everywhere
else I've ever worked in my life your
taxes come out of your chat so at the
end of the day that's your money like
that's yours baby you know what you can
spend look at our house guys oh my god I
got my own porta potti guys holy moley
they work him just keep you guys updated
they've done more in like half a day my
country guys did in two months you're
killing it come everybody
hey boy they are working out there what
they hate you guys do it up here you
know watching me parachute off the
balcony I'm gonna use that that's a pair
I bought a parachute oh you wanna play
that's probably a really good game for
you to play mortal huh hey I'm about to
parachute with this what do you mean why
is everyone so against me it is a
parachute they got the gizmos to go with
it
you want me to parachute yeah no not
today
I gotta take mail okay I'll get beat up
here's a really good reason we need our
smile more building look our basement
door this is from hauling stuff out
every single day we have no more yard we
do whatever we have to do right now
that's the truth so it looks like
Brittany is feeling a hair better you
guys know she got sick last night she
went to bed early and I'm gonna make
this real quick drop smile March off and
I'm gonna try hopefully if she's feeling
good enough I might see about taking her
out on a little date tonight I don't
know it would be nice I don't know
what's going on with Ohio right now but
it's supposed to be like snow like we're
supposed to be sledding skiing playing
it's sunny it's for everyone's light
jackets chugga-chugga-choo-choo
this is all for me I think that was a
dead giveaway you mean yeah so what if
it fell after two weeks of course it
can't last forever
I need duct tape your tape your official
curtain rod duct tape I wish come out
with my own brand curtain curtain rod
ducky well nobody told me that hey baby
our curtains fell guys the official
duct-tape curtains have fallen oh they
were late last a long time what's up
Hey
hi let's try it again okay this time I'm
gonna go down the hill has to work hang
on Zeus
my elbow dude I don't think I'm gonna
make it you two have fun I know you will
there's my little man I'll see you
really student I'll be right back
she's just out there warming it what do
you mean smell them fumes what are you
always making fun of my car
he's got warm up when you seen it
someone sent me a thumbnail of the
thumbnail and told me what you were
gonna do post about me yeah basically
long story short last night I told you
guys I was gonna hype her up jumping off
the balcony what I should still jump off
though even though you know that I was
gonna do it
ever told me that well no I expected I
expected to do it before the vlog even
went up I'm not I mean because if I
can't go up til 4:00 yeah
fail super clear in pretty tonight we're
headed down to how Columbus just met up
with Tam Tam and Carl Tam Tam we just
watched the office it reminds me of pam
pam I'm an idiot I know we're gonna go
eat where we depress grill old I got
Pete you know hi top is it for all of us
or just for you so common in China dang
time is flying they haven't really had
this crazy American pincers don't come
hotdogs wings
mac and cheese turkey to get a piece of
pizza but she got the whole thing so I
don't know
should we get some ski goggles but you
guys celebrate it Brittany and I have
never know we have celebrate it once
I've got it's the best yeah definitely
created to sell cars we should go do
some stuff over hotdogs doggles I'm like
yes all right working over to Carl's
place he wants to play a little pool
which did I don't know if I told you but
I
really bad we love micro machines Carl
actually still has his actual these are
from when you were kid yeah or have you
added to it you guys probably don't know
what micro machines are but we know for
our age we used to love these things
micro chance it's me we set you in a
little squirrel package oh that's cool
you you always called trinkets
everywhere like ridiculous stuff by the
master API it's a it's a modded old hey
boy
game boy but has every game on it what
do you mean yeah so you go NES every
game ever came out with it and any oh my
god dude I wouldn't even know where to
start
how about contrary dude that is amazing
Kyle just got one of the new hoverboards
I don't know these aren't even out yet
this is absolutely insane did that
actually is from 1978 I know it's by
1984 you know it's a metal handle it's
old yeah but yeah light it is actually
like it's light it's the motor board I
don't even understand how it works
oh I see where you get the eight ball in
I don't know guys
if you break and not the white ball ends
of the hall do you lose I don't know no
I thought it was a few at the eight ball
that's a definite yeah yeah that's the
only one I know then okay where you keep
lying I don't wanna miss anything
yeah you're gonna want to get this I'm
gonna teach you guys a little bit about
pool tonight here's what I love about
vlogging no matter what I do somebody
watching is a professional in that field
right so let me teach you something this
is known as one of the hardest shots in
for ready and all my professionals do
back now say your lives easier shot ever
probably just lost are some kids sorry I
just technically lost but you might have
you might know why I'm not lost really
I don't know so when Carl and TAM were
in China
this is the greatest thing ever the
actual video is way better than what I'm
about to show you but Kyle proposed the
tam congratulations by the way
adding more pressure to my life two
things about this proposal I love all
right number one he's wearing a smile
more hat the entire time I don't know if
you can see it huh
look at this he's wearing a smile more
hat all right that's the first thing
that's awesome about it and then I take
a bright bug I start at the tallest
building in Shenzhen okay I gotta take
this up so he does this little stunt
where he takes his buggy throws it and
then the entire camp
at that point she thought we were doing
a break books promotion the right book
at the building it lights up
look at that
look at her face like wait what yeah
that's pretty amazing the proposals are
but the fact he lit up that John going
to smile more awareness mama
come on huh
whoever it's like throw that ball it
just as bad as Zeus my dog will play
ball all day well I know did he go to
bed this mommy cheated on you with
Wilfred oh he's he's like woohoo you
been petting I didn't hit anybody does
you gotta believe me
hi bud well you look pretty cozy we're
what we are warping into that bedtime
mode hey all right guys I want you to
remember this picture right here not
with Brittany I mean this right here
these are the controllers right now up
for grabs they are well the Xbox wants
brand-new never used this one Kane's
been using for the last three days
they're beautiful
I mean I absolutely love these
controllers the good news is they
actually reach out said they're making
one for us so and you're so cute Kane
you're not gonna give them away today
we'll do it tomorrow
I said no let's do it Britney said just
do Instagram so here we are on Instagram
if you want one go like in comment on
our Instagram pictures Britney's going
to post one I'm gonna post one they're
both in the top descriptions of this
video that's it
comment what you want yes for or oh yeah
specify what controller you want and
we're gonna pick one each that's it so
that's it guys if I get more of them you
know I will do giveaways um I think
these are these are really cool and why
not try
have to do more of those I know we love
you guys so much thanks for the support
we will see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
don't let nobody bring you down and pull
up your ass smile he's gone now
like I got it that's how you do it right
there you got a big dog get in our C car
look look at him
mr. hyper isn't so high for anymore I
just gotta get Cape now I just gotta get
came to chase it for a little bit
