hey hey guys what's going on no three
having a great day I am uh we've stayed
in a lot of hotels and I've opened a lot
of currents to a beautiful view this
could be my favorite friggin parking lot
a builder quick stay in the hotel last
night we're on the move we're headed to
look at you dude yeah I said how'd you
sleep last night
are you wiggling so much you guys look
like you're about to rob a bank you stay
at hotel you double-check everything and
then you check again wow it is beautiful
outside whoo this is gonna make today so
much better
everybody in ready buckling up Oh baby
we're off like on a 30 40 minute drive
up north a little bit over there
so we are stopping off at a place not at
Mad River Mountain Russia stuffing at a
little rental place seat they have ski
blades they're like short version skis I
love them
look all these space boots we walk on
the moon in these no you're right these
are for skiing and snow but look at the
snowboard ones it's like an actual boot
house just fit good canes are awesome
you'd probably wear those if you had
them oh we got it
you guys ready we made it to the only
snow in Ohio so this is what we call a
mountain in Ohio this is Mad River
Mountain and it's really just a hill but
to us it's the best we have we always
have a lot of fun here actually I broke
both bones in my right arm here oh I
didn't know you broke it Skeeter's Matt
was here today baby come on out we got
our our dressing room and all their
stuff in the vet yeah it's like 40
degrees so it's warm we don't even need
goggles or my goggles have a son
windshield wipers no they don't wantcha
wafers cane you walking funny boy what'd
you think
Oh feel funny
very first time skiing as a family cane
is strapped in no this way so you put
your toe in first and then you stomp in
your skiing kid
if you want to slow down put your fronts
together that's it and carve in the
dough they broke the lift man there you
go good job just hop right on that's
awesome
this is freakin genius it's so warm you
don't need gloves
I don't even need this hat I'm about to
lose the coat I saw dude in shorts
there's a guy in shorts there we go our
first he'll ever see you know it's been
nice knowing you
good job Kane you're doing it you're
doing it
could not be a better day for this guy's
it's like weather perfect Oh what's up
bro looks like you got a real killer be
here heck yeah first timers I feel like
they should be paying me Oh guys no dude
York's is your skin oh yeah that's half
the fun you did do it well that's one
way to stop you can always remember that
this is more than a bunny hill honey you
only get one shot one opportunity are
you gonna seize the moment came that's
right I'll get my dude remember how to
slow down
hey oh dude maybe like two more times on
this bunny hill and we're going up you
ready
let's practice steering follow me there
you go
and lean lean lean that's it that's it
there we go hold on I don't know how
this is gonna go yeah this would be our
first time headed to the top well
actually there's higher ones we're gonna
take it slow there's not even snow in
all the places but we're pretty high up
here guys know what he's doing it that's
it good job we're racing Noah
alright so now
yeah oh no mommy says oh no Kane says oh
yeah we're gonna go down and get some
drinks you're choking me let's see how
this maybe maybe I should keep the
camera rolling just a case right on I'm
Skeeter - I thought you're gonna make
fun of me for skiing today what's up so
your story you came to our toy drive yes
but you couldn't wait the whole time
that's awesome dad
beside break arms like you fall Noah is
killing he's got it like Noah's got it
huh let's start the great debate I feel
like this is like Apple Windows you know
you got the iPhone Android what is it
skiing or snowboarding
I tried snowboarding one time no lessons
I went straight to the top clip the kid
didn't know how to stop all these dudes
come running down you hit my kid I felt
awful the kid was fine but I didn't know
how to stop so I just had to leave him
it was bad story I don't wanna talk
about it no I actually I love these
short skis check these out yeah got my
brother's boy with us dealing just up
there Britney Cain up there there we go
you got it let's do this it's like look
at this it's like a muddy slush
we got the whole train don't laugh at me
here we go
well that's gonna wrap it up Suns
starting to go there's almost no better
feeling than being done with skiing and
taking these boots off 2016 there's
still not a boot that doesn't leave you
aching I know everyone's gonna say you
gotta try this boot nope try them all
they'll hurt
maybe it's my feet maybe it's nothing
the first guy that comes up with a
comfortable ski boot will be a
billionaire you guys have a good time
we'll go back again someday mommy I
think I need more energy
lasting now when you sit around all
winter and hibernate and then you go out
ski you realize how out of shape you are
we're out of shape anyway
we made it told you guys it was a quick
trip look at me in and out throwing on
some quick cheeseburgers mac and cheese
it's gonna be good dog almost gonna be
good dog what what well if you ever
accidentally cut your burger in half
like I just did the best thing you can
do do you know this trick no because I
just came up with it you glue it
together you glue it together with
cheese it's a natural burger glue this
is food glue it's perfect naw it's so
good after cuz I was like holding Kane
in between my legs it was like all
weight on my back cuz I was holding him
up that's probably so spoiled look at my
face okay in case you guys missed it
maybe a day or two ago we had companies
send us these amazing smile more
controllers for us to give away to you
guys I'm gonna figure it out I don't
have to give away yet but tomorrow I'm
gonna announce how you win these there's
two there's one for an Xbox I'm gonna
destroy this whole thing and there's one
for an Xbox and there's one for ps4
they're both gonna be up for grabs for
two of you and yeah I mean announced
that tomorrow we're gonna leave it at
that Kane has been using this one he
loves it we don't even have one so I
don't know how we're gonna arrange it no
let me see oh my gosh Britney got these
adult coloring books she's been working
on oh and that one
that's unbelievable bright colors how's
it Sparkle though go matte gel pen I
don't know if you can tell Carol I was
like don't like Sparkle that's
unbelievable that's colored pencil love
it love it so we're kind of jumping into
the night guys I'm gonna go get the kids
to bed
come on dude I feel good but you know
how sometimes your body's like ready to
go but your eyes are like clothing or
sometimes my eyes are ready to go my
body's like yeah you know what I'm
talking about it's just my eyes my body
lit I'm ready to ramp something wait
that was on yeah I didn't even see it
the whole time every single night before
bed my kids have a routine
Noah's is I need water that gets him
back out he gets to go downstairs canes
every single night lights her out he's
in bed
I got a poop every time a hundred
percent only parents will understand he
know he actually goes I have confirmed
to get out of bed just like you have to
go get water
maybe hands up no I'm gonna tap like
this I'm not gonna tickle you Zeus is
ready he's calling my name
go to school big boss let's go bad boss
well well well do we have here if you
have fun today give one spin we passed
out in the car
I think Britney got a shot of it but I
passed out Cain passed out we sleep
I am your father
all right my friends we're gonna call it
a night uh I'm dying
like I'm dead game move when your four
year old is more of a grown-up than you
are
love you guys thanks for coming along
with my family and I today we had so
much fun just like you know what my
favorite part of the whole trip was
honestly not just the skiing and all
that it's when you get up on the hill
and there's no phones there's no
computers there's no PlayStation there's
no iPads there's no iPods just us it was
awesome we will see you guys tomorrow we
love you don't forget how important you
are you're one of a kind your beautiful
smile inside kids
