hey guys hope your day is beautiful it
is sunshine and feeling fine him there
he's mighty to you I didn't see it no
joke i drugged myself out of bed today
I've been sick completely in bed I
didn't leave the early bed yesterday I
cleaned a couple times
oh you're hungry small more buildings
going up check it out do you think it's
big enough that's insane man good for
the one that is you know they didn't
start with that
that's not starting I love it
Britney's been killing it in this moment
she's been working night and day
like I say hey maybe you should vlog
today while I'm sick
could it she's just working working
working it's great we have like four
employees working we're just dying to
get our building up it's gonna be great
hi buddy you want to show my hats The
Late Late on the floor this morning
pumping up balloons for Caine we all
made hats
is it too big oh maybe I have yours
what's up Nate what's up brother this is
the first time in like two months
we're fully in stock on the small more
stores check it out what have you got I
don't know where's that one you just
open oh yeah everybody that's been
waiting they are here holy smokes
man all my smile more guys dress so nice
look at you look at you red smile more
here's 10,000 Oh
we added purple we have purple now dress
in purple there we go it's I feel like
we added another no we have orange I
know it'll leave me hey sleepy boy
what's gain walk out back really
let's take macaroni his milkshake brings
all the boys to the yard so we're gonna
grab something I'm sorry if I look so
terrible this is on Caine's request that
we come get dinner although as soon as
we got to the exit it's like no I don't
want to go there I've had a can of
chicken noodle soup in the last two days
so this should be good I did not vote no
wonder I'm not starting him call me out
front everybody okay they mac and cheese
grilled chicken on the Bobby Orr
Joey sirloin or ribs pretty sure
everybody's gonna think it's your
birthday hey speaking of birthdays
yesterday you guys know I was super sick
Zeus's birthday was yesterday I feel
really bad you want to go get him a gift
something he deserves something yes you
want to get Zeus a birthday present I
think we should and then we should go to
like a party store and get some type of
a dog wrapping paper at home
all you think you can unwrapping a
present okay so where we going exactly
are we we need Seuss or you get your son
for his birthday but I don't know what
to get her where to go
I've never ever even celebrated a dog's
birthday pazoozas like he's like let's
go get Zeus a gift
come on the sad truth is the only thing
Zeus cares about is this tennis balls
that's all he loves I'm pretty sure just
kid in halos on accident those are too
small just got something bigger how
about a hiking stick not a dinosaur bone
how about a foot we grabbed a bird so I
grab a bird his eyes are so red
they're like mommy when she's mad
where's our donkeys in the donkeys
if they had a donkey we'd all be in
trouble like maybe you could be friends
with Zeus maybe I have a feeling though
our problem is we don't have a normal
dog like there's no toy ever constructed
the Zeus can't just devour and that's
exactly what he does Oh
Caine's got a bad case of the squeaks
I'm voting for that if it's an actual
size tennis ball duh
it's like a he'll destroy any of those
walls we found a little
something-something for him we're gonna
run in here and see if we can find some
party supplies we're really doing this
this is Brits idea well doesn't seem as
crazy now since there have a whole
section dedicated to dogs no this is not
to dog this is just to a puppy themed
birthday what you put that on his cake
made him a cake I think Zeus would look
pretty fly and a watch he could have
four watches
that's good
that's gotta be the dark hair dark hair
pulling me by my legs do it again our
new puppy yeah you carry the whole thing
he's not allowed to look drop it
good boy ah Zeus it's your birthday so
huh I've seen this before you might have
to help him gain but all he cares about
is this tennis ball we did when we
forget oh now we can open presents
what are we going what are we doing
right now this doesn't like his head
this you could entertain Kane all day
like that
come here Zeus
oh man he really wants his ball we hit a
home run with your birthday didn't we
he don't even want the treats we got out
only ones tennis balls
they should make tennis ball flavored
treats Brittany got him a board game
this has his fun board game what do you
have to do he's just gonna eat the whole
thing and he doesn't like these treats
so that's not Laura she was taken there
oh he smells it he wants it I'll tell
you how I got Zeus to begin with I was
wanting a German Shepherd for a long
time and at the time there was no way
that I could afford a dog like that like
they were so expensive he's so expensive
to get this dog so my brother Dale after
searching for a long time he was like
why don't you just post on Craigslist
that you're looking for a dog and I was
like what after I posted on Craigslist
I'm not even kidding Pauly one hour
later a breeder a German Shepherd
breeder emailed me back and said hey I
have to leave town I have two puppies
left if you want to make the drive I'll
give you one yes that's where we got
Zeus totally free cuz he was why he was
so scary
he was this little pup he was never
little never but his paws were like
bigger than his body so he could hardly
walk it is right back to work we have
literally not stopped and perky's really
warm
pulling it uh uh so what you're watching
today is basically me trying to pretend
like I feel good when I do not feel good
I'm coming around I'm feeling better but
you guys know how it is when you're sick
ain't not saying yeah
when you're sick mornings and nights are
always the roughest like during the day
you kind of come alive and you're like
I'm better
and then that Sun Goes Down and you're
like oh I'm actually not feeling that
good so all right guys now who remembers
this basement when we moved in look at
this smile more oh it's taken over look
at this this is a fan mail this week so
I think I know what we're doing this
weekend that is crazy guys it's insane
the mail post office actually called us
for the first time ever and said hey you
have to come pick up your mail like
that's never happened whoo I'm not gonna
lie why haven't we had orange this whole
time that's sick I love them and we got
purple to newest cow how long we've had
the same colors for the existence of
this company we've just added two new
colors Zeus we're running out of room
dude we're making little our ways to
this place look at this I love seeing
you guys grow this company so much we
got new colors in the wristbands too
finally there's been now stuck for a
month I think everybody that was waiting
on their sticker orders we're throwing
in extra stuff for you so that's the
nice surprise
guys I don't I don't even know what to
say about today guys I honestly didn't
get out of bed till 3:00 or 4:00 o'clock
it was late yeah it was late and I told
breast that there's no way I'm vlogging
today like my head my sinuses everything
was so jacked I said there's no way and
then I realized that it an upload
yesterday and I was going through this
crazy like mind Jack of like you have to
vlog today like you're letting down a
lot of people so I grabbed my camera I
got dressed and we just left we left the
house went got the stickers and really
just getting my butt up dragging myself
out like just getting enough motivation
to just move and of course Kane and
Britt or they'd lift me up along
this little guy man he's my life you're
my whole world dude all right you better
know I love that you know that I'm
convinced that tomorrow I will be back
on track I'm back on track you always
say quality over quantity man I'd rather
I'd seriously rather have no vlog than a
crap long I'm sorry I just mentally I
can't I can't get past it
Suze what do you really found come on
dude his nose gets him in trouble he
stupid love you guys start for being a
sicko I'll be back at it smile more
you're one of a kind you're beautiful
come on you know you know by now I've
been telling you know we love you guys
keep that big ol smile on trick your
brain even when you're a bad mood just
throw that smile on see you tomorrow
