hey guys hope you're having a beautiful
day it is gorgeous outside sunny look at
them bikes that looks fun today I am I'm
going to get my son Noah we're gonna get
out for a little bit just him and I last
week you took them to Star Wars this
week I'm gonna do something we have
never done before
that's awesome all the foods free today
Martin Luther King Day yeah nothing's oh
I'm at the wrong place alright just got
my little man he already ate it's gonna
take you to lunch Bob I'm just eating
these don't judge me okay so I've
decided actually no surprise my goodness
so we've decided to notice that it not
to tell them what we're gonna do today
we're gonna make it a surprise no they
don't know sound good what we're gonna
do big boy time what the heck are you
doing
put it back get your head in the game
Brett yes
I think we're in the right spot I don't
know I've never been there it is way off
you know what it is oh it's awesome we
are going ice-skating this is gonna be
awesome
probably not the best time to come
because all the schools are out today
but oh boy that looks easy right we just
got to go try it all right we got some
first-timers doing good you're doing
giving your homey oh yeah people are
falling oh we're getting swarmed now
we're getting swarmed now what's up guys
yeah what's up how you guys doing she
said she had a dream last night that she
met me
let's do it first timers there's
something crazy for the vlog this kid is
nuts
go foot he's like a little animal
running around here and you guys are
awesome it's a little hectic in here
yeah yeah for sure what's up just in
case it was too easy they're gonna
resurface the ring I'm guessing sitting
like double slick now awesome
or skate and or skate no no Falls yet I
wanna I just kind of want to record just
in case we fall but no Falls yet some of
these kids are eating it hard so I just
missed it all right
almost ate it which is the Hutt's it's
awesome kids crazy drunken horrified
actually we took it back to the locker
hey buddy where am I
look
yeah me and Noah check out my shoes but
we survived well we can officially check
that one off the list what you think man
is good that's fun I had a wonderful
size boys a little packed and crowd
about doing their school today that's
why we were able to come so it was still
fun that's great
food blog no I just said it we worked up
quite a bit of appetite skate and if we
finally getting some Dindin mistake I'm
gonna smash that quesadillas and you're
trying trick to use to be really spicy
spicy or not spicy first time trying to
talk to you got this little brownie but
I got I mean Cracker Jack cheesecake
I've never heard of it I had to get it
when you see something strange you have
to get it like when have you ever had
Cracker Jack banana cheesecake I'm gonna
try it
that's good I didn't expect it to be
like that he's very banana that's banana
stuff the cheesecake look no one I had a
big important decision to make in there
and that was go home or continue our day
I think we both decided to continue our
day we're gonna keep rockin and rollin
let's do it
crank that heat it's a pretty good shot
of the city with the Sun I don't know
how it looks on camera but it's really
really nice so we decided we're gonna go
check out we never also been to this
place so we're gonna continue our day
we're gonna go home or like you know
what we don't really get a lot of just
big kid time with Daddy time usually the
peas with can't do certain things
so we're gonna take full advantage of it
today we're gonna get a full dad and son
Big Boy and I highly recommend you guys
do something fun with your kids there's
our little city
Columbus we're gonna try some go-kart
stuff I think these are like better than
normal go-karts are supposed to be fast
it's indoors this is perfect
uh-uh oh this is sweet
whoa he's like sliding I feel like I'm
about to rob this place Yeah right
taking this place down all right so it
might be a little difficult to film in
here I think they're gonna help us out
and hold the camera for us you ready is
gonna be awesome dude
yeah this is these things are friggin
sweet
we need one
what do you think dude cruisin good
stuff thanks brother
see it alright these are there's only
four of us out there who's this Roman
guy I can't read it what's this a forty
four point nine seconds was my best line
not seven your best 56.50 6.3 on your
fifth left it's you actually faster on
your fifth laughs thanks just got other
like best of the week matheus 35 seconds
like even the worst of the week beat me
37.5 that was so fun dude I'm so glad
this was so last minute I didn't know
this place even existed here we just
Google like I was looking for things to
do in Columbus and this popped up so had
fun all right so now is it time to head
home
do we are we're gonna hit the road run
that like back side of Columbus right
now so
mommy okay Rockstar you playing in the
in the litter box again
what's up Sandman yeah see you how are
ya good how are you yeah we had such a
fun day oh my gosh no no no and what
does it mean I were robbers outfit
though what do you think pretty sweet I
know we need snow so usually you're
dumping something on the snow hey so
something really exciting came in today
it's male do you want to open them are
you ready mama that's only one of the
boxes this is like what is that there's
one oh I'm so excited you know we're
about to open some cool stuff he just
rips open a pack of rubber bands
can I see a couple he's reading the
favor help I'm about to give a huge
shout out you guys have no idea okay so
let's just open it first
let's just open it up I'm so excited
about it I'm like a little kid right now
look my kids aren't even into it I'm
excited alright let's see what's in box
number one oh snap
holy crap
Oh dick you Traxxas 50-plus miles per
hour
holy crap do you think you'll be even
able to drive that one is this painting
check this out dude sent us all kinds of
their stuff I'm not even kidding
look koozies we should just put these
out at the neck like barbecuey house
t-shirts hats sweaters this is their
brand new drones Wow
Jax's camera gimbal they hold the GoPros
dude Wow holy crap they sent us all
these like super awesome Chargers it's
bad more chargers stickers somebody hurt
us loud and cleaner when I said I love
RC cars okay open hangar 1
no one's bigger battery those are
batteries there we go
oh my god that one Traxxas tracks is
hooking our house up with some serious
like serious RC equipment man like
everything we need that's full of
batteries they hit me up today and said
your first package will arrive today
this is what it was oh my gosh all black
everything that's cool
that's awesome yeah totally where that
they literally set these for us to make
cool videos with I'm not even kidding
like here's our stuff do whatever you
want with it we could not say thank you
enough Traxxas thank you so much for
hooking us up this is so unreal another
noah another noah deck is that oh my god
it weighs a ton what is that there's
treats inside of it I see always this
could get his whole mouth around that
thing he's gonna get it look at that
you're picking up a basketball my good
boy you got stuff to look at you he's so
happy
well nothing lasts in this dog's mouth
we'll have to see if that thing last I
just want you to know that Traxxas is in
no way paying me to endorse this they
sent this for us to have fun with the
only thing I want to do in return is
give a little love back guys I'm looking
at a giveaway here they have a YouTube
channel and it's awesome maybe you'll
love our season maybe you don't maybe
you want to get into them they're very
addictive I've been playing with these
things since I was a kid my kids love
them they're just a fun family toy go
smash your YouTube channel I'm gonna
pick a random comment on their videos so
you got to leave it everywhere if you
want one and I'm gonna send our C car to
them I'm gonna send an RC car to you
that's how it's gonna work
this is me giving a little love back to
them they do not know I'm doing this so
this should become a big surprise show
them your power go smash their YouTube
channel subscribe to them and leave a
comment I'm gonna give away one of these
trucks to you as soon as you cheater
you're too big he just literally pulled
it apart and took off with it
and he left off like I earned this is
mine I gotta add one more thing these
are the guys that said whatever you want
to do RC related we can make
and so guys what can we do that's insane
with RC cars what can we do like
something that's ridiculous I want to do
it like I want to be that guy maybe I'm
gonna leave it up to the sky bedtime
mode Jeff on the radio huh already stole
my shirt bin yeah what series so much in
it oh my gosh oh my gosh her so bad
cutting it quick tonight guys hope you
enjoyed today I'll tell you this I'm
gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna say this kids
do something fun with your parents
parents do something fun with your kids
there's like a misconnection going on
with a lot of people it's so important
you guys already know this spend some
time together get some time together and
most importantly make some time for each
other
I know it's hard like everyone's busy
people are working people are going to
school everybody's busy but we should
not there is no excuse good enough to
not spend time with each other please
make it happen it will it's so important
man I mean I'm lying I work on it - it's
not like I'm perfect at it but I try to
bury my kids with attention and love and
I don't know that's I don't know I
freaking love you guys I can't wait to
do something destructive with these toys
is about to just wrap one in stakes and
have Zeus chase me yeah that's a good
idea boss that's a good idea we'll see
you guys tomorrow thanks again for
hanging out with us I'm putting tracks
this is Trek sis's tracks it's a YouTube
channel on the top of this description
be sure to check them out show them
somewhere I've shown more power and go
leave a comment to pick up
for a truck so that's it see you
tomorrow you guys are absolutely
wonderful and tell me what can I do we
thought our secrets doesn't have to just
be these it can be like something crazy
love you smile or one final goodbye to
this beautiful city I love it here I
feel like I'm a home like people are
awesome here
sure you don't go to the pool I do want
to get no huh so we are out I'm gonna
try to vlog a little more than usual on
our travel vlogs today
