hey guys welcome to the vlog what is up
baby getting ready in case you missed
yesterday's vlog Brittany and I are in
st. Louis Missouri right now we're
getting ready ahead to uh well let me
take a second to show you how beautiful
st. Louis is this is gorgeous
look at this place see your outfit Wow
like your chicken with our heads cut off
we're trying to figure out how to get
out of here we don't know where to eat
because we've never been to the city
check this out
their pools are super heated man I wish
I'd have known that that looks good
what are we gonna eat huh huh I feel
like we're in st. Louis you have to get
barbecue like we have to find barbecue
barbecue can be risky too man it turns
my stomach up sometimes depending on
what's in it I know how long you got
time to get the sloosh a speech on shoe
slash boots on you ready
dang girl you look like I mean we only
travel to go see a concert once in our
life this will be the first time we just
flown to a city to watch a concert so
it's appropriate you look you look
stunning alright so we've been told by
locals lots of locals that pappis is the
place to go for barbecue is that true
man that's the spot
we're gonna go to are you hungry you
wanna join us
I'll buy you some barbecue
this is the place huh
thank you so much wow it smells good
this is the place to eat huh
Happy's USB eautiful out right now it's
not even that cold don't get that don't
for you baby hey welcome to path
so we just got our food at Pappy it's a
pretty decent line but apparently
earlier it was all the way outside so we
got lucky
we met some new friends from Illinois
and tell them what you told me well
basically he asked his mom he found out
we were in st. Louis and he just said
hey do you think he'll be happy and now
we're sitting together side-by-side
Justin Bieber now we're enjoying dinner
together and small world right all right
Pappy's treated us right a place was
killer so good she's still digging it
out yeah hey how are you ready to rock
and roll so the entire reason we came to
st. Louis this weekend was to see one of
my favorite bands of all time story of
the year you may have heard of them
maybe you haven't I used to listen to
these guys back in my factory days like
they live I listened to them for so long
and I always want to see him in their
hometown of st. Louis but they came out
and said they're doing a show in st.
Louis a Brit and I was like let's guy
they just worked out like we had the
weekend open we were able to do it so
here we are we're headed there now
working like two hours early so we're
just gonna hang out like this you said I
sound like a radio DJ here we are in st.
Louis Saturday night 6 p.m. and we're
ready to go
and you know the first ice cream cone
was invented in st. Louis oh yeah
that's what I heard that's the that's
the rumor st. Louis a man thank you for
your smiles tonight this is such a cool
part of town look at this ice put your
face in it wait am i on the backside
what the loop Oh put your face in it
be so cold so here's the pageant this is
where the concerts at and the line was
all the way out but we just bought some
time so we got good early look at this
one that's amazing I wouldn't even know
where to begin
so this might not be too exciting for
you guys but for me to see one of my
favorite bands ever in their hometown is
really exciting and I asked you guys to
tweet out get a hold of the band see if
they get us in the vlogs or get them in
the vlogs and I just don't what's up
what's up how are you good
all right these guys said they had to
say something the blog let me hear it
what's up soldiers everyone go to the
website and demand for st. Louis and
Roman in boos I'll be surprised if we're
not here here we are
I'm so excited they're gonna blog you
why you bought me assurance weights not
a lot of pictures tonight at the show
nobody's ever bought me a sure thanks
brother I'll get up hug it up hey guys
we uh we just went backstage thanks you
guys for sharing all these tweets
hooking us up with Dan the lead singer
of story of the year
Josh most active Phil is the only one
that you guys got yeah only took what
you guys gonna slay it man I'm so
excited to be here it's an honor and
I've always wanted to see them sing
those so here we are
if anybody wants to know what backstage
is like this is pretty much it all right
we're gonna go watch from the crowd
I know backstage is good but it's not as
good if you've ever watched behind the
stages now I
so we're gonna go hit the crowd where do
we go no this is not a mob wait
yeah
like as Britney has never shot guns beer
before every ready great freaking show
by the way thank you it's the only thing
to do after shows I'm gonna show her
okay watch out this dangerous watch out
oh okay see you cut your power watch out
you might get squirted leave it like
that baby got a pocket op sorry I'm we
ho here we go here we go come on Bret
we can't back out one two three
you guys slayed it tonight absolutely an
honor that's it no let's move in I'm
sorry I hate to say it but amount this
is what the place looks like on stage
with nobody here
boom this is what it would look like if
I did my own show right here
the only way I can explain tonight is
like as a vlogger and a creator I try to
bring you guys on an adventure on a
journey with us but tonight was like
just about our experience like I didn't
really get to vlog the show it's too
loud it's too crazy did you have fun I
had so much I can't believe somebody
pushed over this ice sculpture we're not
hanging out with the guys from the band
we are look at this push that one over
this will be the first time I've ever
been picked up in a Hummer h3 hello how
are you doing guys we're officially
warping into the ending of this vlog
thank you for coming along with us I
want to apologize for not be able to
give you the full experience but it's a
concert the mic sucks it just blows out
the band makes them sound bad which is
not what I wanted - did you have a good
time we are look we got freaking chicken
fingers I'm editing huge huge thank you
to you guys for tweeting out the band
and just letting them know we're here
thank you - story of the year for
allowing us to hang out with you that
was an absolute honor and honestly I
don't know this band has got me through
some of my roughest points on I know it
sounds stupid but back when I worked in
the factory through a lot of people can
relate to bands getting them through a
lot yeah I know but like they really
have like they've been with me through
this entire journey and even way before
that so if you guys are into just good
frickin rock and roll music check them
out through the year they rock we love
you guys we are on a plane tomorrow back
to Ohio we have some super cool stuff
arriving on Monday which I'm so excited
well yeah I'm so excited about it so uh
that's it we will see you tomorrow tell
me today if you've heard a story in the
year or what is your favorite band leave
it in the comments I love you guys
thanks for everything smile more your
one-of-a-kind
the pretzels were good
