hey guys welcome to our vlog Channel we
are it's water only I'm on a strict diet
I'm eating up great a minute after I eat
this I'm on a strict diet I'm gonna eat
good guys getting a rough start to
today's vlog we're pulling over eating
real quick and then we're taking my
little man to get his haircut he wants
he's been telling us all week he wants
lightning bolts right lightning bolts in
a mohawk how's that water okay I told
Cain that if he got lightning bolts on
the side of his head I'd get like a
bolts do you want me to do you want to
match you do need a haircut guys we
actually love our son I don't know
what's going on here Cain are you ready
to do this we're gonna do it man
lightning bolt buddies all right so
we're gonna go see John he's the one
that does all my hair smile more he's
done the lizard he's the perfect guy for
this that big boy and little girl you
ready to do this and you want to go
first and then I'll get whatever you get
all right let's do it
what's up John are you want lightning
bolts in the side like he'd been the
hair on top of Daddy's he's all week all
week he was like I want lightning both
legs mph lightning will so here he is
he's committed and I told him I'll get
whatever daddy's gonna get lightning
bolt - it's official it's beneficial
Kane you look cooler than daddy always I
know I know he's so good and calm I know
when he gets home
is gonna terrorize but for you he's
being very are you getting light are you
gonna get lightning bolts get a
lightning bolt did oh dude it's awesome
King yeah let's put one on the other
side yeah both sides you ready to hold
your head still that's the super drawer
dude I never show me this when I'm in
here you're gonna be good I would come
more be good all right let me see let me
see what I got myself into
that's what daddy's gotta get I'll do it
just for you man he's like I got a
sucker's worth it hi man remember he got
a lightning bolt you excited my king
bolts this is how everyone will know
we're on the same team boy you love them
they're good we see all right guys who
wears it better you I've been five bid
I'm glad you did it's always told her
when you shave besides your hair off you
look great dude you look way better than
whatever you want you want me driver you
drive are you sure
let the record show that I asked twice
she loves this truck my bad oh yes if
you watch yesterday's vlog we got a new
light bar on the front of the truck this
is the normal light turned on all right
turn on the light bar jeez it's like
wicked bright the only problem is you
can only use it like out in the middle
of nowhere where there's no cars driving
and once you've had it on for a few
minutes you turn it off it looks like
you know you have headlights hi body hi
Zeus oh my God look at this gold box and
push it in he's like I'll take that my
Zeus come my buddy we got something for
you Zeus he already knows look what is
it let me see it was a big dog bone nice
catch
so since I always show up at Jon's with
all this hairspray in my hair by the
time he sprays his water and cuts it to
where he likes it I'm always left with
like this wicked slick mohawk
so I decide to wash it out dude you're
the man yeah pretty much looked
ridiculous for the last hour whoa all
right guys we got a special gift in the
mail today and you already know what
this is but Kane has fallen in love with
the box it is a beautiful box and I'll
tell you what whenever I take whatever's
in there you can have the box all right
what's in there Zeus you want to open it
won't you show them what's in there this
is for all this is because of you guys
this is because of us this is this is a
big team effort when I tell you guys
that we are together that's exactly what
this is all about this one's the box
he just wants the Box you guys know that
I want a Streamy award this year and
believe it or not the one they give you
on stage it's not the one you
that's just like a dummy trophy award
whatever you call it this is the
official award and is very heavy and
it's beautiful and I'm honored to have
it what are you doing Queen it Oh from
all my nasty fingerprints I just got on
it my hairspray fingers so yeah I know
I've already said this in the vlog about
the stringy words but guys thank you
this is such a cool reward for us and I
don't know so yeah a new giveaway right
here anybody wants it you already found
a use for deer streamys you have made my
kid a new toy box you like it
I just can't do it anymore and then
don't I don't see what the problem is if
you just can't do it just stop cutting
the onions
mommy's in you're crying do you know
when you cut onions it makes your eyes
water I can there's one more thing
remember yesterday we didn't have any
good sleds all we had was that old that
old one I ordered the coolest sled ever
it's a serious water like this is for
tubing on a lake on the ocean this is
legit we still got snow out there we
could get this out tomorrow we are
warping into current day guys cane don't
eat this snow okay we did absolutely
nothing yesterday and Kane wants to blow
up this raft so bad this big hitter - my
god so I said let's wait till tomorrow
here it is we're gonna blow this sucker
up the only problem is yesterday it was
freezing cold and we had snow today it's
warm I'm in a t-shirt outside and it's
all melting you just decided right now
but that was the time to clean out the
cabinet holy smokes
we got problems
I feel like that's everyone got us for
Christmas is coffee mm-hmm
stepped in spe come here where you know
what you do if you step in sp you walk
in fresh snow come here
there you go stomp on it I'd say you get
old P we've been like man some smells in
this cabinet that is was that really in
there I'm moving out look at this bread
Oh
it's organic bread tight goes bad way is
my heli excuse yellow house is for sale
anybody wants to come by this house
that's it it's over that's the breaking
point we're gonna need this guy right
come blow it up should we do it out here
inside are you recording me came out
with blogs let's go he's about to get
loud he's about to get loud
alright let's show them what we're doing
Eddie oh you are recording
what happened I mean Dom Mel got a cream
top yeah but that's north it's supposed
to be there yeah unpasteurized what's
going on what's happening come on game
this is why we stick to this kind of
stuff blowing up rafts in the living
room
hey guys we got it all blown up this
dude this isn't just for snow this is
for like movie night we can play video
games in this this is like this is like
our new couch is huge
can you imagine this hook to a quad ATV
just flying through this the yard full
of snow this will being done I have to
end this vlog so that we can continue we
did nothing last night guys literally
nothing we will be right back at it
tomorrow we love you guys hey say bye
whoa I just dropped the camera
all right we love you guys so much
thanks for all the daily support Andy
you know just everything I don't even
have to bring it up you guys know what
you're doing love you
we're gonna have so much fun I won't do
it without vlogging it we will see you
soon mama I'll see you tomorrow
smart
you lose your glove maybe it's still
connected to the board it is
