you want to do my intro you want you got
to ready yo hey hey guys what is going
on do it
hey hey guys what's going on today we
hope that you're having the perfect day
I hope it's great hey everybody say hi I
plan that's been missing since New
Year's it was almost two weeks a week
and a half a full solid week that all
being said guys it is time I'm tired of
waiting grandma you ready to blow
something up might as well that's what
that's what I like I like your attitude
you might as well make a little
workstation here
all right so I know you guys have been
waiting on this so am i we're not gonna
do the big cannon today but I'm gonna do
the 300 missile RC remote control
missile launcher we can put it on a
helmet and then you can run around with
a helmet on what the missiles coming off
you guys want to watch this yeah today
not right now in the second but in a few
minutes
yeah I'll rig it up I'm gonna figure out
how to get it on here okay so while I'm
doing this I figured it'd be a good time
to teach you guys a slipknot this is my
favorite knot you can use it for
everything you'd be surprised how many
times you'll use this alright you ready
come on tripod so this is called the
Slipknot
you basically just tie your object get
the get the thing go all the way around
put a loop in one side this is super
easy I promise you'll use it all the
time especially for tying things down in
the back of your truck you make your
loop put your other side through the
loop and you can pull this is tight as
you want you can literally turn it into
a guitar string now this is the best
that I know how to do because these
little Rockets are coming out there's
nothing to hold onto
once you have your loop made you put
your string through it and all you do is
tie your simple little square knot like
that and you can do as many as you want
I usually do two and then that sucker is
tight okay I got it pretty secure I mean
look it's not it doesn't budge it's
tight I did a pretty good job of keeping
the rope in between the missiles because
I don't know if I push this if these
aren't gonna be able to come out and
they might just blow up right there on
the truck and of course I only use the
best rope in the world at wood rope with
one T I think we're ready how do I put a
GoPro on here oh if I could get a GoPro
check it out she's all mounted up I just
don't know if I should film the truck or
if I should film the fireworks going up
I mean cuz that looks pretty cool let me
check it out or should we film the
fireworks shooting up no I'm gonna go
like that
haha well she's ready easy baby easy
baby
ha ladies and gentlemen it is launch
time please take your seats I think I
got it already before I launch this I
should say don't try this this is just
stupid ideas that I get and I just put
in the vlogs for your entertainment I do
it for you so you don't have to write we
also had a new dumpster delivered you
know what that means
big fan mail you guys that the cardboard
alone fills a dumpster I'm not even
kidding so let's do this
you ready Keener's well she's in her
safe spot okay see the first thing we
should do is test it without you know I
haven't even driven this thing so you
know I mean yeah let's see if it draws
hold that it's so heavy oh if it tips
over we're gonna be screwed
all the GoPro yeah yeah the GoPro over
your trucks are on fire though no it's
good that's good oh that's nice it
wasn't as good as I thought I bet at
night it would look awesome
yeah the grass is too tall I think two
little guys full of shells from New
Year's would you guys think good as I
thought there's only $10 a ticket so you
guys only spent 20 bucks okay so the
truck I ended up it was it was a bad
move on my part the GoPro fell down and
then the front tire ran it over so I was
stuck all right guys not gonna lie
not really the turnout I was hoping for
I thought it'd be a lot more and maybe
it's cuz it's so bright out you can't
see you can't see the missiles the
sparks you know what I mean
so but that looks pretty rad the truck
came out unharmed perfect looks new
maybe it'll try again once it gets dark
or we just got to step up the fireworks
who says Zeus come on zeusie
let's go back in riding on this hey what
you thinking in fireworks our seas drop
it
good boy
cane doesn't even faze him see that
wasn't bad at all you could easily get
shot with those you wouldn't even get
hit that wasn't bad
but the mortars are pretty big yeah
anytime catch them in his mouth he's so
funny when he does so Zeus is obsessed
with the Nerf darts he doesn't eat him
he just wants to catch one so bad and
then he just drops it it catches it
drops
Wow okay all right all right guys so
tonight this evening we wanted to bring
a little something different to the
table and that's cue a mall malls here
we've never done a Q&A with Momo and
gains back there they had a question
from a Sebastian Sebastian we're gonna
go with that when are you guys going
skydiving are you going with us I don't
think so you will just get at me I don't
want medicine maybe yeah oh my goodness
that's completely illegal on so many
levels
Annie wants to know what's your favorite
social media we do what's my what your
favorite social media like where do you
like to post the most that's the most
what I'm social be here is it it's the
tweet you against the treat I don't even
know it the Twitter ground I don't do
anything
are you snap her face chatter oh that
was a pretty brilliant with those yeah
that's which one would you say about a
booger do you guys think you'll still be
making YouTube videos when you're 60
exact same
do you think you two will be YouTube
when we're 60 years old well you only
have like 10 years
ha ha ha ha
what was your reaction when you found
out that I was dating Brittany oh my be
honest I did I thought it was kind of
yucky yucky I didn't really there you
have it folks
yucky yep you didn't want us to be know
you wore a diaper on your head that was
a man dad I'm not a diaper where do you
see your family in 10 years 10 years
that's what do you think that I'll be 88
I'll probably be in the ground ground
mama what was your first car yeah it was
Mama's first car I learned to drive in a
mercury Oh baby
shift on the fork like this oh yeah yeah
it was about 18 or 20 hide upon no is an
old old low carb an 18 or 20 when you
turn 20 like 19 18
yeah you're aging 18 it's the same car
that used to call the blocks to the
pyramids because if I don't get pranked
and I think he's mad at me
that's time you're praying I've got a
new card never who's scared to get
pranked here I've never got fine you
always get good things out of your brain
we might got blown up the floor I didn't
get no ha ha ha you got a hug so Mama's
dream was to see Las Vegas before she
got put in a hole I told her so we told
her we were gonna put this was when we
were living in Los Angeles in 2015 we
told her she was gonna fly out to Los
Angeles but when she got there we had a
rental van and we took it a Las Vegas in
the vlogs but we took her to Las Vegas
for what the weekend yeah two days
and then we both got like deadly sick
whatever was in Vegas didn't stay in
Vegas no they came home with us and we
were sick
yes sauce and your parents were in Vegas
for a trade show yeah we met up with it
didn't get sick no Philly you Roman a
knife you too badly do you remember your
first boyfriend if so what did he look
like and how old were you I can guess
you're walking out of the stable
climbing off his horse all right my
first boyfriend was I was a sophomore in
high school sophomore that's great right
that's saying that's times actually his
name was Jimmy Jimmy was he a Marlboro
Man no he was and he went to the Navy in
10th grade in the Navy was older than I
was
runs in the family
all right that was that was a really
quick cute at least I think it was quick
maybe maybe it wasn't quick thanks for
joining us welcome so since it's
Thursday for us we thought we'd do a
little bit of throwback we found on our
old computer which is now in Kane's
little classroom here we found a whole
bunch of old photos
this is Kane's first time on a horse
first horse ride ever and you stop that
horse right yeah it's my mom's first
keep going and then I probably got off
and just held him so this photo must
have been taken right around the time we
started the blog Channel because he had
this aura how did he get that again
helmet well no it was into the trashcan
the wooden truck
all right into and that was like our
very first blogs he had that so this has
to be about two and a half years old
that mommy that's a pretty one of Mommy
what she's doing there uh your cousin
Ashley and I did a photo shoot and she
wanted to do something mean this pack me
oh that's Noah's Valentine's Day box I
made and he wanted an award for that
yeah all picture note in our old house
me and Noah took forever we built this
Lego set
I had his long blonde hair Kane was so
baby you can tell by the little tiny
baby little family pic right here locai
nur's this was before a vlog channel
right here guys we did not have a vlog
channel yet I love this picture I think
I just got home from a trip I think
that's when I went around the world I
came home and that's the picture we took
this one of my favorite pictures ever
actually hit a lot of meme websites this
is a Britney and I which happens to be a
wonderful picture of you but my buddy
John you guys in there John photobombing
us and it's so good I mean it is like it
is like the best photo bomb and you look
gorgeous
got that button
who is that is it you know not you know
that's no uh I wonder how old he is he's
probably about your age he's younger way
yeah yeah carrying around a Victoria
Secret bag oh yes little no uh
same hair yeah you guys look at mommy
that reminds me of Kane right there
who's that this is a super classic guys
nobody's ever seen this picture this is
me and Noah look at this look at my hair
you remind me your younger self of your
dad like this there's a good one
I'm sure that's it see guys little
zeusie he wasn't he was already big when
you came along yeah but you're trying to
get no one to eat a warhead
happen he ate it
that wasn't worth it man
funny little Noah he was probably your
age oh it's such a throwback this is
such a treat for me Brittany said this
is probably one of her favorite pictures
of Kane I don't even know if that is
okay it's a cane yeah
are you sure wait now he's a monster
look how cute you used to be yeah now
you've turned into a that ain't no happy
child so this will show you like even
when Kane was a baby I was trying to get
him to drive RC cars check it out I
think he's trying to figure it out this
is Kane trying baby food maybe for the
first time I don't know likes it
maybe not Amy I don't know it's so funny
how much he looks like an old man that's
you trying baby food for the first time
looks like you like in it alright guys
hope you enjoyed a little bit of a
little bit of fun outside of some Q&A
some throwback it's kind of a weird vlog
today but that's all we have for you
these little guys this little guy little
green me you look like a green bean cane
anyway everyone keeps asking me why I
keep reaching for my lens it's because
the plastic piece that opens and closes
gets stuck halfway when I start
recording so I always push it down I
don't even realize I'm doing it so I'm
gonna try to cut that out I love you
guys thank you for the love and support
for all the shares for the lights you
guys just do it without me even asking
so thank you if you got if you guys
would like more Q&A and more throwback
pictures please tell us in the comments
I have such a good time showing you guys
old videos and pictures before we were
vlogging and it's response it's just one
second I know we will see you tomorrow
guys your beautiful smile hey guys
welcome to cooking in the kitchen hey
guys hey guys welcome to our cooking
show welcome to Smith cooking show hey
guys welcome maybe we should just stick
to vlogging like just holding the camera
