hey guys what is up what a heck of a
morning hey beautiful yes we are
completely out again I've never even
seen it flash zeroes it's just been
flashy
thank God we made it just made it into
my little hometown this is where I grew
up man
the canal was all drained and frozen
anyway super rough morning I was in the
bathroom for about two hours stomach
just terrible stomach problems I don't
want to talk about it all right we made
it
okay we have a I really told you guys
about this but I've had like this sharp
pain like a nerve in my butt cheek for
like two or three months and it goes all
the way back down to the back of my knee
I'm getting old on is that what it is
has nothing to do it's just getting old
I think anyway I'm one of my
chiropractor in there forever but he
always helps so much oh hey guys I just
took my treats out of my pocket I had
Zeus treats in my pocket really blew it
hey guys so welcomed they just want
treats that they don't want us sniffing
it out that is the pocket they were in
nothing I hate them on the way up here's
my symptoms sharp pinch and leg and but
I like it right there that's a common
spot yeah I was by far the most
skeptical human on chiropractors I was
like yeah I can't do nothing for me
wasn't I and you dragged me in here like
years ago oh it's like having a
superhero fascia it'll literally fixes
you I'm falling asleep because I just
got an interesting all right
like whole month because I was working
full-time in our office this is the only
thing that's just rebuild you only this
stuff man okay so much to do so little
time to do it we got to go we got to
pick up merch lots of merch for the
small more store in this car if it's not
married no we just got to pick up some
little stuff we have to get you know
let's just let's just go I tell you what
we have to do you're going to turn off
the law you look perfect
always yeah she pays me five bucks every
time I sell for price we're up we just
we just arrived up to where we get all
our small more merch done and these guys
are always running so many of our shirts
on show you their clothes right now if
you watch these vlogs for a long time
you know how they make these these are
the machines they use to make our smile
more t-shirts check it out it's awesome
so we get one of these for the basement
yeah so each size t-shirt has a
different size print so like a kid's
smile more would be smaller so there's
different screens for all different
sizes that's crazy
no idea how to do it but I love the
process I love it yeah this is the dryer
it runs through like a pizza oven it's
not every day you gotta tractor crews in
downtown he's been playing so much Grand
Theft Auto right there
downtown's looking a little rough we had
to run downtown pick up some samples of
some smaller products which were my god
traffic and low traffic 670 or
background you know I'm just like oh
right the car sounds crazy in these
alleys
I just readjust it yeah I am that guy
parks his car all the way out in the
middle of nowhere always up against the
curb so I only have one chance to get in
door dings all right you eliminate it by
half across and that lady a must hit you
with her she almost hit me
Oh heard about the hit again okay so
about a week ago
I'm oh no we could go we ate at as
Mexican place we fall in love with it
we're sitting together
so we haven't done this for how long
because something like your elbow
actually because these chairs suck I
just want to be romantic no you can't
smell romantic without
so the lady just walked by that didn't
want to be on camera she she said the
employees back here kind of freaking out
because we're here which is crazy to me
and I asked her what these are they
brought us an entire platter out like
she said this doesn't even come like
this this is like a special place I've
been trying to get my family and that
healthier diet baby there's strawberry
there's strawberry ice we got
strawberries
I've never been asked to do this are you
ready here we go whoo you ready dance
after that drink you had hey big
shout-out to uh is it really big shout
out some guys treated us like we were
high so we were switch the music in the
vlog make it look so bad oh yeah we got
a run over here want me to pick you up
baby doll baby come with me all right
we're running into re up on our smoothie
mixes look it's it's ramen fruit you
can't spell romance Co then even they
just brought the whole branches down
here what that's pretty awesome Brittany
Brittany's trying to Brittany's trying
to put together this crazy contraption s
jar of mystery a medieval mixture that's
supposed to be like the most toxic drink
on the planet but it's healthy it's a
cleanser it's supposed to get rid of
bacterias and it's all-natural it's an
all-natural like in my eyes okay list
off just a few of things that are gonna
be in this job
apple cider vinegar okay that's not bad
garlic okay okay okay okay
oh boy tumors I don't know if I'm saying
that right that's it yeah and that's all
gonna be blended up no it's a solid but
like it's really complicated like after
two you might have set for two weeks and
keep draining the liquid out and then if
you like crazy busy and want to cure it
okay the crazy
she says it's healthy but I really think
she's trying to murder me
The Onion's I can do that what is that
what is that I don't know
buddha's-hand do you know what this is
you're starting to look like like you're
you're brewing the witch's stew should I
get you one of them big black pots and
stir the
oh you're pretty with you don't have to
how are we gonna get all that and that
and the trunks full honey what are you
doing see it is a grocery getter buddy
hi Zeus I'm hon you got dog drool all
over you tank top man sweet tanked up
bro
come here hey we uh you know guys we we
sat here most of the night and we were
like you know what can we do for the
vlog what can we do for the blog the
vlog short what can we do and then we
realize what's up fun we can do well
that's what we kept Sam and then we
realized why are we do think things just
for the vlog hi so that being said we're
not doing anything fun for the vlog this
is just our vlog today and I know it's
probably short it was we love you guys I
hope that you can enjoy the short blogs
let me know today's comments if you like
the short blogs too I know most do you
are you meeting mommy oh we love you
guys we will see you tomorrow thanks for
all the support over love and bye guys
we love you we'll see you tomorrow scare
me death wakey-wakey I try I try to get
grandma but I just about burnt my face
off whoa
