scare me to death
wakey-wakey I try I try to get grandma
but I just about burnt my face off you
like them fireballs boy they're cool ah
what's up guys hope you're having an
awesome day even though Brittany
destroyed it last night I want to show
grandma and duck my idea that obviously
you guys like because it's a genius idea
oh you look awesome alright be honest
mama come here oh look what do you think
300 missiles mounted to the top of this
RC car it's gonna blow it up right no I
don't know no I like your concerns are
100% opposite of mine it's a mobile
firework show you want to be home yeah
we were you gotta ask Britt what am I
gonna do it Oh like this it's it's like
that and then someone oh my gosh don't
you have some hookups at the fire
department a full a full firefighter see
yeah you were the help asking everything
and I'll chase you
yeah
there you have it folks problem solved
so we're trying to figure out we're
trying to go we're gonna go grab
something eat and we're trying to commit
once you guys go Colonel says general
says I'm not dressed what you look great
thank you look like a million bucks I'll
buy you dinner how's that then our is on
me let's just get in the car and go
let's go
and you can help us the organization for
this house there you go we'll drive
separate problem-solve soos I'm gonna
bring you a big rib bone home
you got an absolute beautiful evening
approaching huh hey guys hey Bret oh he
knew he knew I was coming for him
you won't go see the fire month yeah
check it out man
feel it
run mommy run run run no we got going
this way
trust me believe in me that he's always
right half the time I don't know how we
beat them here but we did hey where are
you smoky bones is closed
no they're not here they come
I don't know how we beat you guys so
fast would you guys walk here you could
have rode with
because it's food blog yeah you did ribs
ribs Mac and I got a burger that has an
egg on it that's an egg it's a book but
it's yes a whole egg see we meet yok
it's chicken and beef we walk in that
man you taking the whole place on with
you what a gentleman okay good night
guys thanks for coming guys it's
officially for a reason snow today and I
missed it on the vlog but it actually
poured like white snow make me crazy
we're running a store real fast we gotta
get some like tubs organization stuff I
don't know we should be coming here for
that stuff it's the only thing that's
been an arm and a leg of the container
mm-hmm Kane are you my best friend are
you you're the king of the world you're
taller than me I didn't think I was
gonna open on us do I think that bag big
enough for ya that's that's that's a
couple days for who's back here man Zeus
eats like a tray he doesn't he doesn't
it's like some days he eats some days he
eats like animal for you excuse me - OH
trying to find organization stuff and I
don't know you put all our buried
treasure and these crates I don't know
like extra blankets in our bathroom for
dirty clothes I don't like this stuff
and I like this stuff
I don't hate it but I mean I don't like
doing this stuff like I don't that's
fine I'm just not a big fan of like
buying baskets
oh man pushing this card all day it's
got me wait a minute I got power okay
you're like you didn't hit someone it
was just a shelf all right we're out of
there and we are off to see the Wizard
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz
so it's pretty crazy for us to share you
know certain things about our life very
private things about our life but I feel
like you guys have been with us this is
our work we just passed 800 blogs
yesterday and I realize you got to
depend a lot of you have been here since
day one and you are part of our family
you are a part of our everyday
adventures in today you guys may know
help months ago
Brittany took some pregnancy tests
they came back negative we really
actually thought she was pregnant she
wasn't today we are going along once
again for round two
it's just
really really while my best friend and I
are always like
look wait what yeah you're late to the
party that's for sure
so yeah we you know some things were
kind of hard to put in the vlog because
obviously if she was pregnant you don't
really want to announce that until you
know you know the baby's healthy you
know everything's going good and at
least that's how I feel about it
so if she is you guys will be here from
the very second that we know which can
be cool but it's also risky it's also
scary you know you don't want to
it's hard over there finally
yeah they were the first people so yeah
guys that is what's going on tonight
thanks for sticking around through this
vlog we're gonna see literally you're
gonna be watching the same time we know
so it's pretty crazy in and I will say
this just like always it's always better
in the morning so we won't exactly know
tonight
well well well welcome home guys
todd todd tearing it up you're probably
so mad I just walked in I'm he's got
such a high score oh my gosh I already
came home nervous now I come home he's
on his first ball he's about to beat my
highest score dude
see Todd's figured it out he knows when
we leave the house and he comes over
what bothers me how many times have you
been here when I'm not here we don't
know about it twice okay guys
Todd's officially beaten my high score
nobody's ever broke 400 you just did it
Congrats thanks man you still got to
ball a minimum throne I know I'm making
him nervous all right let's see we'll
come back number two is now the highest
score good job dude that's awesome you
know this thing probably got used on New
Year's Eve people lined up here all
night it was played all night and nobody
even came close to that score so it's
good one good all right friggin Todd
counts sets a record and then leaves
just like that least I've something to
try to beat now look he's got the number
two these are just yet one and three
came with the game so all right you
gonna go take that right now okay I know
just go do it there we go guys you you
waitin waitin on momma to go potty
are you eating bananas won't you bring
those to the table with me come on I
feel like I'm having deja vu like we do
this all the time usually privately I'm
not gonna lie we've done this a lot
privately the last time we did do
publicly with you guys and she was not
pregnant so here we go round two here we
go again Cain would you want a little
brother would you like a little sister
would you like a little puppy yeah it's
banana man
it's banana man there it is alright
hurry it up
don't be looking did you look
you looked it's totally against policy
really wait
so one means you're not oh my gosh are
you serious all that for that that is a
funky little spoon looking thing what is
going on take one in the morning I hate
the wait but I feel like every time
every time that's negative at night
negative in the morning I haven't had
any other like symptoms other than just
being friggin late go see the doctor
seuss I did I didn't even feel it at all
I just looked down he's just staring at
me
tennis ball on my hip get it get it it's
your ball oh my gosh all right yeah well
we shared us about everything with you
guys that we can and yes it seems pretty
impossible okay all right one time you
got to go catch it ready are you gonna
catch it yeah we go it's my camera are
you gonna catch it oh here comes here
comes still recording oh my gosh I
literally dropped that and then forgot
about it I've been in here making coffee
and everything gonna make a little cup
of coffee six ounces and then edit it is
edit time I want to get some a little
more time with this little booger look
at you
so that's it guys that's it guys you
like that thing or what the kids have
fallen in love with this I when I got it
I was like I don't know what it is but
it's really cool
let me see look see this you want go to
Paris here go to Paris so check it out
you move around and everywhere you go
that's crazy
we're in Paris right now we love you
guys so much we're gonna bounce
Britney's beat up
I know she's been kickboxing kickboxing
you crazy geez
we love you guys we will see you
tomorrow thanks for all the support and
being part of our most intimate times we
better luck next time right I'm gonna
freak out if tomorrow morning you take
that test when something's different and
I can't tell you guys till the next day
it's gonna kill me I love you we got to
go
this girl's falling apart he wants he
doesn't know how to get it good boy just
get it get your ball you earned it
good boy was that funny
