what's up guys we are getting a crazy
weird starts today's vlog it is uh it's
New Years Eve
happy freaking New Year's because by the
time you're watching this it's 2016
it's New Year don't be embarrassed of me
don't we are hosting a little family
get-together tonight you guys know I got
a bunch of fireworks we got tons of junk
paper plates oh this is real like real
 are we gonna pop champagne waiting
shake it let's get a couple in case we
mess up I have never seen this store
this busy in my life I guarantee we've
been in here two hours not yet
it is for these guys Roman don't you
dare throw that all right you just
did no I do that the chips are on the
bottom or chromey there's it summer 2016
guys it's here it is here I'm talking
into the future because they watch this
a day later please try to understand
tonight we're hosting a little family
thing like we always do mom dad brother
kids of some close relatives we're gonna
come over I got
we got snacks are you ready I don't know
how much pizza eat
that's what you're trying to figure out
I mean you should always have too much
okay how many 20 people total probably
why my vlogging this this is super rock
actually I was trying to order pizza
there's not that many people I would say
five large pizzas would be more than
people with extras so get like wings
pizza five large five large pizzas I
lost like wings look this major Ohio
snowfall guys hey are you ready to party
are you ready to party party cups gonna
be party in oh yeah guys look what I got
Zeus what are these these things are
crazy party cups what do you do at
midnight Cheers
Happy New Year's juice here you wouldn't
throw it
he wasn't through it I thought it was
gonna be louder I thought it's gonna be
loud okay I want to get P buddy with
that tonight like one of those things
you're leaving I thought your party with
us
nope mom's not a party without you poor
people start getting here we're trying
to organize the house get some
decorations out I need to do something
with that Britney's trying to hang out
you see we got some fun little cups for
the fam we've got some sodas and
different mixing drinks this will be
full of ice we got the adult section is
this far enough from the kids most of
them have little hands but they may try
to make their way up chips snacks
popcorn from fans actually sent that to
us so yeah just trying to really show
you what we're doing today it's been a
little hectic start to the day but don't
you plan buddy hey you want to show him
some of your pictures you've been doing
before everyone gets in here this kid
has mastered the selfie let's show what
you've been doing you've already taken
252 photos since Christmas and here will
you just scroll through
I forgot this morning when we woke up
Cain was snapping shots of me your
little selfie man he loves you stunts
yeah
this is is this why you were on the
toilet today big old blue eyes this kid
is killing the self like me and brittle
just be sitting here watching him he's
just run around with his little camera
oh did you put a head on Zeus mommy did
yeah you're making videos now
sir awesome hey I got a go get know okay
let me see let me see
hey what was that there are two signs
today they have told me that I'm getting
older number one I considered buying a
trimmer for nose hairs that is number
one number two I'm driving with
windshield wipers on and it is not
raining guys it is 2016 for me I have a
few hours left I'm going to get Noah
right now I'm gonna celebrate it with my
entire family the best possible place
that I can think of to celebrate right
now with my family my kids Brittany my
parents my brother is to everybody that
is my idea of the perfect celebration
this year it's been a big year for all
of us we have done a lot we've
accomplished a lot of goals that we
wanted to accomplish there is no part of
me that wants to slow down whatsoever if
I miss a vlog it's either I needed to
miss a vlog or I had to mess up log it's
just that that being said it is time to
kick it in guys not just me all of us we
got to team up this year
2016 let's talk to each other let's help
each other let's turn this comment
section that we have we have built
together into a place where we can help
each other for real like we have such a
powerful community guys it's it's I
think we have one of the greatest
comment sections ever other than all the
spam guys pls know that any spam in the
comments is not me please look at the
way it's spelled I have a checkmark
beside my name don't fall for it do not
click on any links in that comment
section a little bit about I don't want
to get too off-track right now I'm going
to get Noah we're about to start some
festivities have some fun hang out as a
family and of course you're invited
please the girl just getting back my mom
was just saying how good of a job I did
hang in the curtains you like it or you
hate it I'm speechless
in case you missed the vlog I had to
duct tape the whole thing because it
broke I just do what I got to do
the party's starting pinball machines
stealing the show
Dale is trying to hook up I mean I can
do it myself
well Goldman I got it we have never ever
had cable ever I know that's hard to
believe we don't watch TV so for new
years we've been paying apparently
paying for cable for months and we've
had this cable box today's the first day
we've ever open it up and we're trying
to install it and we've been paying for
it so we might as well I mean not
because as I new things I don't know
we're suffering over here guys we cannot
get our cable to work we can't figure it
out I wouldn't do it either way we need
professionals minutes oh we can't get
the internet to work but I'm on fire
Dale has found the internet game you
know high scores oh they almost got me
with the double they'd you going for
high score yeah no one's got oh it's a
20 Turnitin is funny while your hair
product
what you do have to move alright guys
it's time to pop the bottle wait in my
camera all right you want all this I've
only done this one time just kidding so
even though it's like five degrees
outside you guys like the little fire
nice glasses girl alright guys it's
about time for me to do what I do best I
don't know what it is about these things
but I love a man good clean fun it's
freezing I'm not dressed for this either
I gotta find all the fuses for all of
these let's give them a free a pre-party
launch
come on Zeus yeah alright there we go we
got all the fuses ready oh my gosh
looks like everyone's ready for some
fireworks that was just the tease guys
they got you out here everybody come for
and out for one firework look at my
camera phone smells eggy in here we
cheers in this is alcohol non alcohol
non alcohol it feels like wait what non
alcohol it's for the kids
thirty seconds I also want to give a big
THANK YOU to you guys we hit five
million subscribers tonight on the vlog
Channel just before the New Year's that
is amazing amazing what a good milestone
to hit right at New Year's got a lot of
pressure on me now for 2016 like you're
gonna be you got to at one minute
I just come here a little Brit 41 then
you do run she poison it guys this is it
for him
where's my boys Blair Kane come here
come here come here we're gonna Noah
we're all gonna Cheers
no I love you buddy
game cane
Cheers so this is a semi-auto saga
shotgun as fast as you can pull the
trigger it shoots a shotgun shell dang
fireworks here we go
I think that's about it that's gonna
wrap it up
happy new year what'd you think buddy it
looks crazy out here dude Lisa's not dry
out I think we did it somehow this
doesn't look that bad I mean consider
this are you having fun
what are you tired boy
he's got time to catch balls
this is the fiery ER I don't think I
don't know what so somehow we've turned
the whole night into throwing magic fire
paper maybe step back
back here yeah right what are we doing
here he's gonna catch this okay hang on
watch the little watch he's got a fart
really bad has a heavy dumpling this is
how you drove this year oh my gosh
anybody wants bright bugs at 3:00 in the
morning well just delivered I don't know
how many there we go guys we got some
bugs now baby look at that if you want
it you guys know how these things work
they sell out so fast if you want a pair
of the bright bugs with the Holograms
these are the full ones from a blog you
guys watched a while back just order
them because they do sell out quick you
guys know that like last time it took 40
minutes to sell all of them so we are
man I smashed my lens tonight
I don't know sorry guys it always
happens
with it rough baby this is the aftermath
the aftermath no this is this is
unbelievable for having a full night
that was a full it's 3:00 in the morning
yeah guys it's 3:00 in the morning happy
New Year to you we love you so much
what's your new year's resolution like
what do you want to accomplish that's a
good that's a good question you guys
know I was pushing you guys to do this
before the New Year's but it is kind of
a good day to just like it is a fresh
start like no matter how much you argue
it it is a fresh start
so is your year yeah baby yeah baby she
pointed right at me
you see that mine I'm gonna tell you
what mine is and this is gonna be a lot
of pressure because I've kind of been
slipping up but I want to I want to miss
way less vlogs it really is I really
want to get back you guys know I did 550
days in a row that was awesome I love
doing it
and now I'm looking at like how did I
ever do that so I really want to get
back to that I want to try to I know I'm
gonna still miss this yeah I just want
to feel better like mentally physically
just all the crap we eat and drink
I just just healthier I know if I like
eat healthy I feel healthy and strong
and mentally I don't I don't think
you're in the dark on that one eating
better is on probably 90% of everybody
feeling better which is eating better
and like just being active it's a good
one it's a tough one too that's almost
as hard as blowing I know guys we love
you tell us what your resolution is for
2016 you can do it that's the cool thing
I love you we love in the New Year
you'll see you tomorrow smile more how
communit wear your snow shoveling gear
you're gonna win up
