hey guys welcome to the Atwoods good
morning everybody it's not really
morning we are in full nobody's in a lot
of nobody can hear me I know you're
listening aren't you aren't you baby you
are oh you tricked me just you have a
good Christmas baby you hate so much ham
we are on pretty much full recovery mode
the house we had a big Christmas here
yesterday it was absolute wonderful day
Brits on this new DS this Duty it is
absolutely disgusting outside normally
after Christmas you'd be put on your new
gloves and your new hats you'd be going
out playing in the snow year but there's
nothing but rain you liking your new
game he's a pretty tough I need some
help can't got this uh
dimensions game where you basically
watch watch the wizard ready pull the
wizard off
oh you just took him right off the TV to
cool man I love all this new technology
I love it
should we get the kids are okay yeah
yeah hey guys there's one more Christmas
present we didn't give you yesterday the
weather is really crappy but well that's
part of it that's part of it
so we were gonna wrap this but it was
just too last-minute we decided we're
just gonna show them you guys we'll try
to find it or have you already seen it
maybe that's why all right it's not the
trampoline Jumeirah where we got one
more Christmas present ready it's a big
giant basketball hoop it's legit it's a
real one Michael Jordan's inside that
box he's gonna teach you how to play do
you like it I actually don't know why we
didn't give this to you guys yesterday
but it's it is it's the family gift
another family gift for all of us we can
maybe you want to open it we're gonna
ride Zeus through the through the rain
come on let's flip stairs
if you miss yesterday's vlog then this
was the kids move a big butt alright rip
it open
nice basketball dude now maybe since
it's so yucky outside we find a spot
inside I'm just saying it would fit
right here if we move the couch so
today's like after Christmas family day
me Brit the kids hanging out Brits doing
all the Lego stuff over here no and I if
you guys seen the meetup video our toy
drive video a guy that worked at a game
store collected all these posters and
gave them to Noah incredible and they
come they're like the game posters that
they come with for the game and no and I
our custody that we're like cutting him
out custom and we're going to hang them
up all over his room I don't know I
guess we can just pick wherever maybe
round out his head a little bit and the
guy that gave us like these are legit
like hard cardboard it's not paper it's
like really hard board so should hang
well to make oh yeah that is actually
cool like that tough decision right that
looks cool like that yeah I don't care
since it's already like that what if we
cut this around this island and around
the three and then cut it straight down
and it would just be a poster there'd be
no like dates or anything yeah that's
cool we've had we've had to jump forward
a little bit in today's vlog we got the
house almost completely back to notice
if this little pile of trash Zeus come
sweep you're the only one not doing
anything around here fish digs tater
tots this is awesome
if the mommy needs to go to the store
tonight now ah got it squeeze it squeeze
it meet its child child safety oh there
you go wow you actually put the right
amount on there
all right guys does this look familiar
to you kid playing a video game on the
couch just ignore me maybe maybe that
doesn't look too familiar
maybe this looks familiar video games
maybe this one looks more familiar to
you looks familiar right cell phones
electronics video games iPods iPads
computers ps4 Xbox is we's you name it
they're out there eating up our lives
taking away our fun now they're fun
they're not taking away her fun but look
look his face he knows what's coming
just to prove it let's see what happens
what it's family night you know what
that means we're gonna do something as a
family all of us let's do another test
let's let's do another test we're gonna
play we're gonna play as a family all
right you can leave it open don't look
at it don't touch it I wanted to bring
something new to this household not new
we do a lot of things as a family but I
have noticed the electronics and I'm
guilty of it I mean I am guilty if I
spend more time whether it's editing the
vlogs were just goofing off looking at
things playing on my phone you name it
I'm guilty of it so I can't put blame on
any of my family we're all in this
together but I want to challenge you
guys as well I want you to do this as
well maybe once
maybe once every two weeks maybe you
just don't have time make time like
right now we're gonna make it happen we
got some games for Christmas for the
family Candyland
we got chutes and ladders we got trouble
so we're gonna play an old-fashioned
board game together all four of us on
the table you guys should do this too
maybe not a board game anything that you
can do as a family together just turn it
off Brett look at her you're worse than
the kids Cain's already at the table
with me maybe get your favorite drinks
your favorite snacks
huddle up together and be a family these
electronics are really pulling us away
sometimes it's not always electronics
are good at maybe and maybe game night
could be on the games maybe four player
game or two player yeah I don't know how
big your family is but do something as a
family guys it's so important you got to
live these moments I don't want to let
them go you only get one shot one
opportunity
what's the button hard be yeah not gonna
lie I've forgotten how to play a lot of
these old games that we used to play all
the time as kids green the board looks
totally different each player selects
four pegs on each color we did that wait
yeah there we go four pegs youngest
player goes first
that is Cain you get to go first buddy
okay so King got a four which means
nobody gets to move he doesn't get to
move you have to get a one to make all
of us start or a six for him to start so
he doesn't get to move your turn
you got a 4-2 so nobody does anything
nope
someone else get a winner's I got these
guys what excuse rig we're gonna move to
the carpet because we can't all reach
the board this would be way better ah
there we go
ah daddy just crashed it one of the
worst parts about having a dog during
rain is washing them every time they
come in this dog look at this guy so I'm
having a baby bear living in your house
you got to do it and then he's all hyper
when he comes in huh
don't act like you're not you can
destroy our game he's a little high you
know right now look at him acting at
home you know he wants to just come over
in wrecker game okay you don't get the
move on a one mommy's turn me and you in
the same spot gain weight then daddy
back home or bring another one of yours
out you don't want to send daddy back
home I just got out games getting
vicious sending her home snap you want
some aloe vera for that burn so
everybody is now got one safe peg and I
haven't even started again
who wanted your family game night whose
idea was this kinda difficult to keep up
in the blog what's going on but right
now we've all got to in and he runs
right back
well I lost I'm a good loser though I'm
not gonna lose you though I take it well
I mean I said who thought of this game
night stuff just covered me in hot mucus
well I guess game Cain takes the winners
chair come join us
come join us he's like I'm not climbing
them steps when you gonna clean this
house bro we come up to hang up some
stuff Noah's room you guys know we've
been kind of working on decorating it's
a little it's a little shy of being
homey
that was newest addition the lava lamp
that's such a cool thing okay where do
you want Huggies hang these okay I think
we go like this and yeah up there that's
cool or maybe we put that one there so
you always see someone giving you a
thumbs up in the morning when you wake
up mm-hmm oh I like that
that was good let's do that okay um
here's what I got double sided handyman
tape that's the best cool thing about
Christmas is after you have all these
cool things to hook up and install you
got this basketball hoop that goes on
the back of your door actually I think I
showed it yesterday but it's a laundry
basket so you shoot it it goes into a
laundry chute and it has a zipper on the
bottom Yun's if it falls into a basket I
think it's genius
what'd you guys think I love it
that's meant to be there now when you
wake up you just see a guy go on here we
go
that's ready it's up here now any dirty
clothes dude
oh go up two three go for three go all
the way back oh no a bird up for three
oh I guess that's two you nailed it yeah
sure so a lot of you guys might have
your own dog unfortunately for us Zeus
has a very popular and common disease
that German shepherds get called pinnace
I know and he requires cream and eye
drops in his eyes every single day and
he's gotten really good at it now but
when he first had to start giving it to
him it was so hard he moved and squirmed
good boy I've done - Zeus requires
eyedrops and actually like a cream -
otherwise his eyes get blurry
yeah he'll go blind so oh but he's
gotten so good at it look at him he used
to there was no way you can ever touch
his eyes like he would freak out but
over the last yeah good boy Zeus good
boy
you he's a good dog he's a really good
dog he would kill for us truly believe
it alright guys I'm really just gonna
warp into the end of this vlog Zeus is B
Britney is addicted to Lego games I'm
not even kidding like Lego games she's
addicted to him hope you guys had a
wonderful Christmas man I hope that
you're able to enjoy time with your your
family your friends there's nothing more
important than your family like I know
that if you're a teenager you probably
went through times when you might just
despise your pets man I was so hard on
my parents looking back I was so hard on
my parents man I want to give him a hug
every time I think about it I was just
so mean and I just
I highly recommend you taking a
different route on that man love your
parents love them they're working hard
for you whether you see it or not their
only goal is you so I hope you guys can
take that in consideration and I today
was a challenge but not just us but for
you I want you to do something fun with
your family it could be anything it
doesn't have to be a board game or video
games or maybe it's a hike maybe it's a
maybe you guys go out and do something
together as a family thing that is a
challenge because we don't want to lose
that that is the most important part of
our life is family don't forget it I
love you guys I'm gonna end this we have
a really fun day planned out tomorrow
big family they were going downtown to a
big event I'll just bring you along
thanks for watching love you guys so
much thank you we will see you tomorrow
smile on that actual bread Dale got me a
toaster that burns smile more into bread
oh not even kidding
smile like any small more toast and
that's what heats up help you
