hey what's up guys how the heck are ya
what is up guys good after morning -
yeah what did I just say good after
morning to you kind of makes sense
couple things to do today a couple
things to do today I'm man I'm doing
something bad guys I'm stopping and
getting fast-food I net what is this
little crazy circle thing I don't know
where I am I just pulled off on a random
exit I never come this way okay get a
number 5 what am i doing all right
that's it I don't know if you guys can
see this giant pimple on my face it was
it was a monster this morning like I
almost blew my mirror out what you know
it's so crazy I'm in a t-shirt
it's like t-shirt weather I'm gonna get
the haircut the hair has got to go it's
out of control it's Christmas I should I
should care about my looks a little bit
she's running these guys just showed up
at the barber shop and let me see he
wants me to sign his school picture and
you're wearing a smile more shirt I love
it dude I 5 I'll definitely sign alright
guys skip right past the haircut thing I
did get a haircut same as always it's
nice and trim now and you know what
honestly this week has been hard to vlog
because of all the Christmas shopping I
can't show anything tonight
I'm shopping for Brittany so I'm going
to skip all the way probably to home I'm
just gonna go get the things I need and
we're gonna go have some fun at home so
I will see you in one second but I'm
just gonna skip all this because it's
gonna give it up and I'm a big fan of
surprises and I just don't want to see
any of it so uh see one second okay I
know I said I wasn't gonna vlog shopping
and I only had one super surprise gift
for Brittany this year
we were both out shopping separately
like I thought she was in a totally
different area she just walked into the
store as I'm buying her gift ruined the
whole thing I'm so upset right now
I know I'm smiling but I'm so mad I just
want to return it I still got it anyways
I guess you guys will see it on
Christmas but what's the odds like
what's the chances of that all I'm
saying is I had one gift and I was so
excited to get Brittany she's wanted
this for years like literally I'm so
excited to give it to her on Christmas I
went out shopping by myself so that I
could get this gift she went out
shopping I thought she was in a whole
different part of the city and she just
walked in as I'm paying for the gift as
I'm paying for it she walks in the store
my mind is blown right now so the
surprise there was ruined I was so upset
ah that could not happen like that
that's important you know what happened
is our minds are on the same we're on
the same mindset so we went to the same
place at the same time it's so crazy and
now I'm just crying about it on the ball
because it's so random like how could
that happen like it took years for me to
get this for her ah I hope she likes
Barbie dolls cuz that's what she's
getting now I'm gonna oh I got a trigger
now now I can trick her and she thinks
that's what I got I'm so mad at you
right now
like I'm this is my mad fit I swear I
had one gift and you just walked in on
me I thought you're in a whole nother
town I didn't learn I want to get you a
good Oh
all right well now that we're together
again tonight so I went into another
store not gonna say the name of it to
get you something else they're like can
you please have Roman come in here he
watches the woggs I felt something I was
like no he's already mad
Serena go grab some dinner sorry I've
been crying over this
I love the sort of the this is a Mexican
restaurant kind of right is it I love
this these trees and then they hung all
these fish up it's like a school of fish
going around the room we need to do that
at our house we should do that
we need to do that
thunderstorms in December oh my gosh I
imagine if this was snow can you imagine
how much we'd have wasn't it like one
inch of rain is like seven or eight
inches of snow I think
isn't that the I don't know I could be
wrong but I think like one inch of rain
is a lot of snuff I can't believe it's
thunder and lightning I've never been in
I don't not remember any December like
this it's like people were tweeting that
they've lost power and it's crazy
hi Brittany please
hi Brittany it's so weird to call you
about your name Brittany
say my name I like that we're parting
ways we're splitting up take your time
oh you got to hit the brake pedal
there's a break under by the gospel bye
I love you we're apparently we're
heading home guys what a fail night man
literally I did you guys hear that
Thunder I've got a couple of things I
want to do at home
once I get their minds off of somebody
what's cool what am i on top of Oh Mike
you
let's get home guys it is nasty I'm
gonna drive hey baby I'm back Brittany
is just had to run and make a quick stop
and grab cane
okay guys so we know that this vlog is
all screwed up and all scrambled in and
shop in shop and shop and it's boring
like no to me I'm like I'm not uploading
this crowd ah so here's what we're gonna
do to try to make up for this crappy
vlog I can't see them okay so we're
gonna ask each other question it's like
QA but instead of tweeting out like we
normally do we're gonna ask questions to
each other get some dirt okay I gotta
write my questions it's a hundred
degrees in here you see that blog it's
so hot
also you guys probably should note that
I did my own makeup look where is it
where is it you girls are so lucky you
just can't hide your flaws or the girls
Roman just saw my concealer huh that's
what just happened it's probably the
greatest invention of all time I came
home and it was his keys his wallet it's
a tube of my concealer I said did you
take this with you today
yeah good survival at this point I'm
like okay okay I had to teach him he has
to set it with the powder I'm learning a
lot guys okay first question I haven't
seen her you have not seen mine right I
have two written I need to write don't
look I need to write more than ever what
was the best thing you ever got on
Christmas the best thing ever in your
whole life like they got a little bit
yeah oh my god baskets okay I actually
have an answer you haven't it I have any
think I would even have an answer when I
was a kid it was it was every Cowell
like 10-15 well let me let me tell you
stories when when when me and my brother
Dale were kids only on Christmas would
we stay in each other's room we would
spend the night with each other yeah so
it was it was the Christmas it doesn't
really matter but I was staying in his
room and I had a drink all I wanted man
I wish I knew what age I was I wanted a
drum set so bad that when I would
finally fell asleep Christmas Eve I had
dreams of drum sets I'm not even kidding
my whole night was just dreams of me
getting a drum set and when I woke up in
the morning my parents set up somehow or
Santa I don't know an entire pearl drum
set it was like the greatest do you
still have it yeah that's the big the
black when I played it in the blogs in
my in my dad's band room the one you in
can play that's that's yours yeah but it
was much smaller my brother when I moved
out my brother added pieces to it now
it's like a huge size it was just like a
normal drum set when I got it but that
is probably one of my favorite Christmas
I mean that's a pretty amazing gift it
was one of the biggest Christmas gifts I
ever got
oh yeah I got one for you wait not maybe
you threw me off with Christmas stuff my
not totally opposite of that okay I got
one for you
what would you have what would you have
done if the first time you ever see me I
walked up to you and I whispered I'm
gonna make a baby with you like if I
just walked up you never seen until
right now I said I'm gonna make a baby
with you
I probably straight to jail right next
question ready real tree or fake tree
mmm
mole since we moved in here big tree Rio
- you're a great person
three thank you I'm still a fan of the
real trees because I grew up on real
trees
we always had a real like this year my
mom and dad have a real tree like that's
what what we did but once we moved in
this house that one sheds like crazy
still it's like you can sweep every day
and they're still how does that work
it's getting old baby things start
falling down what was your first set
like what was your first I had a dog
named angel black lab and the dog I
don't know if I've never showed you guys
the footage but I used to have like this
huge BMX track that me and my buddies
Bill see I gotta find footage of it
that's all I used to do was ride bikes
dirt jumps I had like 22 doubles out of
my parents house like a table tops
rhythm section like eight jumps in a row
was so fun it was my life and my dog
angel would just chase me around just
follow me all day this is why we do Q&A
on Twitter because we cannot think of
any questions I don't have anything
right I like the whole it mentally like
not here I mean I like the holiday
questions that those are interesting
let's see this one sorry it's still
terrible it's super late like I'm not
even kidding this look it is 136 a.m. in
the morning we were working on and again
asleep was this the night
oh that's just what Susie needs we're
gonna stay up a little bit longer work
on an Instagram photo that I've been
wanting to do is kind of like a
Christmassy photo we actually started
working on it before the QA as you can
see the remanence she's dead
she's done she can't take it no more
okay so we've been wanting to do I've
been wanting to this Instagram photo
basically like I'm getting an early
Christmas present which is Britney under
the tree so that will be on my Instagram
we've already been kind of working on it
we're gonna redo some photos and but I'm
gonna cut off the vlog I'm not going to
show this Britney's definitely in goof
mode
not even here right now this is not
Brittany this is after dark
basically Brittany's the Christmas see
if you'll get it you'll see it on
Instagram or maybe a thumbnail for this
video I don't know I love you guys
tomorrow
do you want to tell him or should I tell
him I know really really letting you
guys down there will be no vlog tomorrow
on Christmas
he actually it will be Christmas for you
right our Christmas Eve no vlog your
Christmas no vlog but we'll be back for
Christmas will be vlogging Christmas
dang I didn't mean I forgot all about
that the special guests couldn't make it
today they're coming the day after
Christmas Saturday alright alright guys
so no vlog tomorrow forgive us it's
something we really need to do and just
please understand it if we could we
would that's it say goodbye merry
freaking Christmas to you guys we will
see you the day after Christmas which
should be a super super long vlog so I'm
just rambling now I love you guys so
much I will put the go to my Instagram
check this photo I think it's really
really really good we love you guys we
will see soon thank you for everything
smile more you're beautiful I thought he
was gonna go into it he has to start
back here if the run go get it
