hey hey guys what is up
good morning mama hey beautiful look at
that no he's bigger than you
Zeus thinner and hey what's up dudes
what do you got love letters no one I
have to run up to the stores you think I
should wear this you want to go
Christmas shopping like this where's the
leg no I hate my game I wonder how long
I can get away with it
the beautiful and rainy Ohio it's
supposed to be cold and snowing guys
it's almost Christmas
no snow we're not getting snow I guess
it's wispy in the 60s which is I can't
think of any time of my life where it's
been warm at Christmas time so it's a
little different for us unloading some
mail of Allah know we're gonna run out
got a whole bunch of mail here
last-minute shoppers you can get Candace
first his first girlfriend easily it
might be bigger than him we uh it's so
hard to Christmas shop on the vlogs
because you can't show anything or you
give the whole thing up like whatever is
in our cart right now if I showed you
everybody watching the vlog would know
what they're getting groceries know of
Britney Cain and I are gonna do a video
today we're basically we have an attempt
to get our face pod with whipped cream
and where's this pie pans you know like
the little medal it's like these but
they're so I have to be really careful
where I put the camera because I don't
want to show you guys what we got so
we're looking for pie pans and whipped
cream
right alright guess we could use shaving
cream but it doesn't taste very good you
wanna do shaving cream oh I think we're
in the right place man I woke up I was
like ah yeah we'll go out shop in we'll
have tons to vlog I'm like no I don't
want to show what aisles I'm in this is
terrible oh there's stuff in this car
okay running over to my mom and dad's
real quick yesterday if you're watching
the blog I got a suit for our Atwood
Christmas that's happening tonight he
was going to tailor it up and make it
fit because it came in way too big it
was huge it's like a trash bag on me so
hopefully if I know my dad he made it
really nice so I'm going over there
right now to see that so if you watch
yesterday's vlog as well you know I hit
my parents car with the truck that's the
wheel it's like a terrible crease right
there oh my gosh I'm such an idiot
it's like popped out here and get him a
new door for Christmas dude you guys got
the jumbotron look at this thing how
wide is that yes jeez I mean that you do
it justice it's huge and it's real but
that thing's like where'd you guys get
it how the neighbor's yard all right so
here's my suit guys my dad tailored it
up I haven't tried it on but anything
was better than the way it came so and
dad's not here so I can't thank him but
I'll see you guys tonight
yeah my mom added this Christmas hat
which I love will match all right we're
gonna go home yep you got here's my boy
hey I see you to zoos come here tell me
you guys see ya did you miss me he
looked like a flight attendant for
Gothic airlines I'm kidding you look
really nice she looks great
I mean I like it a lot yeah skinny mini
hi buddy
card it up you ready for the Atwood
Christmas 2015 party
yeah you want to play a game with me
right now yeah do you want to first of
all welcome back to the house we are
playing about to play a game together
which I got I wanted to make it fun
right so piano tiles is a game you're
probably aware of if you haven't checked
it out I always put the links in the
description stuff they wanted to be
featured in the vlogs we said we'd do it
but we were gonna make it fun we're not
just gonna play the game the loser is
gonna get pied in the face look at
bridge she's like Cain will you get pied
in the face with Noah me just daddy
knows willing to get pied daddies
willing get pied maybe a little bit okay
all right so here's what we're gonna do
I don't know how we're gonna do this
right how how should we do it we just
take everybody do a warm-up cuz I I know
you're good at it you do a warm-up tap
and then there's hold hold
it gets so addictive because you can go
further and further every time hard on
like an iPad I feel like it could be
harder you're killing it does it get
faster and faster oh it is getting
faster hey Don let's bonus bonus bonus
get it I didn't know okay round two this
isn't a warm-up this is your game this
is official Britney's been playing this
crap all week
warming up she didn't tell us you
missing you can't miss it
390 right is that good okay Britney's at
390 so you may not get pied okay so we
got three 90s high score that's right we
said warm-up right okay
here we go don't let our team down Noah
get in there ready go
I do want to say this is piano tiles 2
and if you already have it updated
because it's the new Christmas edition
that's why it's jingle bells that's
crazy
nose climbing up on you though
oh my god so the doubles you at the same
time are separate really oh man you got
some stiff competition up in here in
this tiles ok so no is that 269 what
were you up three oh my gosh get him
Kate
Oh 105 390 and 105
that's 495 you're going down
495 versus 269 I got daddy we're gonna
be the whipped cream bandits it's faster
for me don't be a baby plus to us oh my
gosh do not add it up no way I had that
well we looking knowing how we looked in
you're on our team no celebrating okay
you know what that means
I put your paw face on we need two
plates you can apply at the same time
all right we lost like champs and we
shall lose like that's the time what are
you talking about he's up to no good
all right now I've to me a new buddy
we're getting busy because I'm hiding my
I did my pimple okay can I get you a
little bit I already got is now a little
okay come here come into the camera
Betty here we go you said a little bit
now let go like this oh this is like
Maddie's face a shower no more oh that
looks really gross
this is like Oh eat it
he's so hyper now I'm not mom enough
thank you to pianist to piano tiles for
letting us play each other in the face
that's not actually part of the game but
we wanted it once you know how we are we
got to be goofy with everything and
you're still trying to beat it nobody's
gonna beat that it was like I'm not even
kidding that was no one plays his game
all the time with Brittany that was for
Barry for his gaming night all of us
really like I played it over my first
trying on like I have to beat that I
know I can beat it
that was my first try now I can beat it
so guys I will put the links if you want
to get the game it's for on it's for
both platforms so I'll put both links
put both links in the description of
this video
mommy's fight this games tennis family
part so we're getting ready for the big
awkward Christmas we haven't done this
for many many years like a long time I
can't take myself seriously right now
I'm gonna jump in the shower get ready
we're gonna head out this is like
literally a hundred and fifty Atwoods so
you guys gonna see like the whole family
is crazy all day long okay so Britney
already left she's setting up for the
party with my brother's wife Jeff's and
she's left me here to wrap up some of
the if so we're doing a gift exchange
time which means you just buy gifts for
kids in a certain age group and parents
in a certain age group and and this is
what me and no it got today so this is
fun for the family I bought a lot of
family stuff like things families can do
together
yeah she's left me here to wrap presents
but looks like Kane's just doing it you
got it I think what is that seven pieces
of tape
you think one more one more
oh that's perfect you got it yep now put
one right there
oh no don't peel it just stick it boom
baby
now I'm not no professional here but
this looks pretty good
oh wait Kane the top still show in no
because if my pieces weren't big enough
someone take one this way and then one
didn't that isn't that how you doing
it's not yeah oh my you're just as good
at representing
you know we got four gifts and kane says
he has these hot wheels and he said he
wanted to wrap them up and give them to
a kid so really cool buddy even though
you can see the I only buy presents that
are perfectly square how you supposed
what are you supposed to do we supposed
to do Kane I'm so lost maybe it's good
yeah maybe you're right I was gonna
maybe try to fold this whole thing over
mmm Jane hey hey do you think do you
think they'll know what it is yeah I
suck I'm the worst
look these look okay because they're
square they're square
how hard would it been to just put a
square box on this ball you hold it and
I'm gonna cut it we're gonna make a
patch okay I'm gonna put a patch right
over this hole all right the gifts are
done that's not bad dude we did it
one for you King you have done and this
is Kane all by himself
I know you can see through you want to
patch get my Christmas
buddies you guys ready to have some fun
some kids open a couple presents maybe
you got to do is be good I know that's a
challenge for you guys
so we're headed there right now my dead
tail and my suit looks pretty good it
looks way better than it's frickin still
nasty nasty nasty that's it hey hey what
do you think this is the at words we are
getting our stuff cuz I got here so
these kids are gonna be wired huh thanks
for doing my soup hops we're all sitting
down at dinner I was too hungry to even
do a food blog I already ate
yeah
I want to show you Romans suit man I
kind of a kind of show you already you
give everything away too easy here you
go look at this babe
it's toy time it's crazy it's mayhem all
you guys gonna switch
okay so apparently the kids are gonna
switch gifts whatever we brought
neighbor out they're gonna switch and
open tear open
I think everyone's ready
budget
the gaming chair did
you like them all right you got more
Pinker's getting tough nothing
take off I don't really know what's
going on
all the adults are lining up with their
present in front of them Dale Jo has
invented a process so that we all stand
in front of our gifts that we brought
don't you put this on me invention but
he's gonna read a little poem that he
wrote took me a while to and then
everybody's gonna shift directions and
we won't end up on our gift I love the
idea even the creators can use every
time you hear the word right we step
right every time you hear the word left
you step left and hopefully at the end
of this you won't be on your gift you
bend over and pick up whatever you get
oh right frosty the left-handed snowman
was it right jolly happy so with a with
a corncob pipe
great idea bro hi the end he was made of
right that's supposed to be right right
white snow but the children though he
seemed right to life one day so we keep
going right we're going back magic left
she just skipping the line she's going
to the prize she wants oh we need that
oh it's a nice blankie for our Netflix
and chill they'll get my beautiful
family Ashley my little smaller
photographer company
okay
warpin peso really fun Christmas guys
this is the end
Dale's getting the kids all hyped for
bed they're never going to sleep no it
was like I'm good right here you know a
real one
let me see look at your muscle man hello
that's a belly up that's it work off
that whipped cream we are is that a good
time or what man
family rocks King you little party
animal he's rocking burger I love you
guys Museum had so much fun
love being with the family Noah said it
best he was like I don't care what we're
doing or where we're at as long as we're
with family that is a good line man I
love that so we're heading home it's
already late 10:30 it's really flip um
we're going straight to it's already
11:30 man times flying Zeus come on come
here come here
he knows he's not a lot up on your bed
my baby
his head is twice the size your head
Santa puss all right it's that time
mothers good boy I love you buddy you're
the best in the whole war like you go
through the wall dude I'm free
I love it baby you're the man get your
ball drop it no get your ball drop it
stay
boom good boy come on alright guys
Brittany's getting came to bed and we're
just wrapping up the day got my big
beast here what's up buddy you tired or
what I know it's been a long day I think
I'm just gonna wrap this vlog up and
edit guys got a lot of editing to do and
I want to get it done tonight so I can
start tomorrow with a full vlog lately
I've been going to bed and then editing
in the mornings and you guys can tell I
just get them up so late and and then I
have nothing to blog after I get it up
so I've been getting back into routine
which means editing at night it's the
only way to vlog in my opinion it's so
hard to do it next day anyways getting
off track guys I just want to thank you
for being here with my family we had a
great time and that hasn't been done
that at would Christmas hasn't been done
for 13 years no wasn't even born the
last time we did that out with Christmas
so that was awesome man to bring this
whole family back together is
unbelievable so thanks for joining us on
that guys that's a first
that's a first we love you so much we
will see you tomorrow and that's it yeah
gotta go I love you your beautiful smile
oh my gosh I was just leaving to go get
knowing I just smashed into my parents
car I don't know if you can see it Oh
sucks look at the tire mark boom oh now
I get to go back and tell my parents I
hit their car that sucks so bad
