what's up guys super exciting day it's
really nasty outside and these guys in
the Subaru I think they want to play is
that so yeah yeah
I hope you guys are having an awesome
day I'm doing something really exciting
and unique today that we really have
never tried I just want to take you
along I don't want to give too much up
but I hope you're having a great day
it's weird outside these dudes are still
behind me
and if you can see I actually love those
cars I love this little Subarus they're
sweet so let's go I'm gonna take you up
here we're gonna we're gonna shoot some
video today this should be unique
different something we've never done I
like that
all right guys we're on location we got
a cool little film crew here what's up
guys what's your name make the victor
drew Trevor hey Lindsay Lindsay hiding
in the back Carl what's up buddy what do
you got here a little uh oh okay you
guys may remembered what a couple months
ago if that Carl and I would always be
playing with these little lights and the
blogs and you guys were always like what
are those what are those how do I get
them today Colin I teamed up I was like
come on dude we gotta do a Roman Atwood
version they mailbag our own for you
guys smile more bright bugs look at that
these are the new bright bugs and
evolution they look like little bugs now
and they're double the brightness but
you don't want people to see the bog oh
let's just go for you like it looks
cooler a dart you guys remember this
from the blog so I'm super excited we're
teaming up that looks good man you can
almost see my logo okay and check this
out this is a new part that you get with
the small more pad these aren't even
available in stores yet you have it
first you throw it into your phone watch
roll check this out
you just pull it out like we're like
just big kids getting to goof off with
these little lights so we're gonna run
around the streets today and kind of go
old-fashioned like we used to out on the
streets and goof off interact with
people and mess with the lights
obviously it worked better when it's
dark out yeah like pulling lights out
I'm going we're going you can just grab
a light from that little wreath we're
going to 16 Baker in a little bit too
and that'll be it'll look really cool
about yeah right on so the reason all
the cameras are here today is Carl
thought would be gonna get shoot
commercial for these little guys which I
think
so where would you see a TV commercial
so you'll see them in retail stores like
you'll see them at Walmart and the
in-store TVs and you know when we're in
52 countries with bright bucks so it'll
actually be on TV in Japan and Europe
and that's a crazy crazy that's a whole
nother world for me I'm just used to you
- yeah just YouTube
not TV yeah what's up buddy one thing
really cool hey actually used to do a
lot of filming here and it's really
weird to be able to just come in we have
video permission and we have a
hoverboard and I don't think I'm gonna
get yelled at for this good you got
permission for us
No
or we're crap get this guy I do it do it
do it
that's right books call strapping on his
futuristic Back to the Future shoes that
does that there self-lacing because you
lace of yourself
did you ever see like the behind the
scenes how they did that there's like
six dudes like Lang out of the camera
like strapping them on it's awesome
all right guys we're moving locations
right now I'm not gonna lie I have it
went out on the streets with cameras for
a while so fun literally having
flashback memories like the greatest
feeling I need to get back out on the
streets I'm serious
so we're gonna move locations head over
to 16-bit this is a place you've seen in
the blogs but they're letting us film
there so that's why we're going so Carl
I we just stopped hearing dirty Frank's
the hot dog place and we want to show
you you it is this shipment of the smile
more bright bucks come with a little
bonus that I got to show you this so
it's a hologram you're reaching you
shape it you put that
a suction cup in there check this out so
this is from the actual kit you get from
the small more store it comes with a
bonus hologram and I think this thing
Supergirl sits right in the middle
except this
see that is awesome that's it
showing it focus on it and then we're
gonna we're gonna have some very special
videos
look at that jellyfish oh it's so sick
dude just unique very cool unique thing
it comes with the right bugs mom are
bright bug so when you order these you
get that it's cool I love it
whoa see the power of your phone yo that
is sick here do that again put it your
hand over it
yeah
oh it just shot up your hand that's
awesome so these come free that's you
think that's cool dude that is
ridiculous all right
sixteen bit it's really weird having
this place to ourselves they got the
lamp from Christmas story I love that
movie and look what else they got
pinball machines I'm gonna get nothing
done today I actually like this price
everyone sorry guys
I'm busy I'm playing pinball you moving
around yeah you can move around right
and you can just pull it right back out
this is a TV show TV commercial that's
gonna play all over the world we're
setting up a bar scene right now
turn it this way
no the other way yeah yeah so maybe so
like a bit yeah nice that's pretty cool
it's a lot of fun guy this is a fun day
yeah
rolling in 3 2 1
rolling
trying to make it look like the light
bug powers on yeah they're doing like a
flick aside futuristic type thing with
the lights power things so basically the
timing the plug-in of the old machine
with the light
we are on the move to the next location
I don't think it's far for look at this
city right now man pretty cool
I don't know having a lot of fun today
like I love this stuff like any anything
just goofing off on cameras it's like I
like it I'm really I've noticed my
weakness though my weakness is when
people say action like 3 2 1 action
rather than just filming me like if I'm
just able to be filmed and run around
I'm so naturally me but some reason when
they say action I like I don't know I'm
not that I'm not an actor I'm not good
at acting - my buddy's studio here this
place is sick look at that wall but tell
them what you just told me what is this
you got every video game console from
1975 to 2005 Nintendo Wii every single
on all these shelves is awesome and they
all work oh they all look like they work
this is the hardest part getting all
these boxes up here though oh man you
imagine that back in the day oh my god
imagine getting back in the day then
these tools were so scary say ah shit
down boy every record from 1977 yeah
everybody's got such cool offices like
every time like why don't I have my own
office you know I do everything out of
the house disco ball just like like
studio 54 that's wicked what is what's
going on here is that actually water no
yeah it is wax it's wax
show me that let me hold it give me that
ring do the 1 2 3 making this ring weird
it's a magic ring look at jumps if it
aint a light ball I don't know how to
use it all right the claw game
all right this thing's rigged okay so
they told me to vlog so I'm gonna vlog
with you guys so I'm just gonna walk in
vlogging yeah like what I normally do so
going into condado okay so we're walking
into Kedah nose is that what it's called
you have another's good auto zest
Hawkins we're like smoke behind its dub
slow motion right Boggs and did I miss
anything
no and check this place out look how
crazy this hallway there's no secret
that we're coming in here like it's all
glass doors they not they not even ready
for us are you just fucking with me
all right so I we're double taking here
he wants us to do it shoot it from
behind now so we're walking into Kidada
and I hope you guys are having a good
day by the way I'm just I don't know
what I'm going right now
there you go take a second ready to go
what's going on we're just sitting here
at condado z-- with my friend Carla
sealer and so I want to say thank you
for watching today to bed smile more
you're beautiful
you nailed it hi I just walked over to
my outro we made it
we did it that's a whole day hold their
shootings done
I wear my father
not I mean that means let me do it for
you friends well yeah but the real
reactions
rubberband here we go
let's lick let's quit that's not even a
good for them so they make a robe and
they
they take - enzmann things like put it
together in the big family
so what you got in order to like magic
whatever I can take one find that
Hey see it can't come out this way they
can make them up is getting not come out
this way come on this way
right now I'm gonna have nightmares
yeah give me two fingers rub this rub
this together together right from here I
guess
oh you're gonna kill me I'm not even
kidding I just hit your car dead serious
everything part there was a car pulling
out and I didn't leave in a spot did I
get you for a sec like one second yeah I
had to I had to bump
I had to bump you a few times to get it
right I heard maybe you were the guy to
talk to
I'm getting some some this is what we
got guys was this 1,000 bright bugs yep
and limited edition velvet bags with the
hologram with uh oh look even the boxes
have smile I don't even have boxes of
smile on it man well they do that's sick
some more so this is it guys 1000 of
them right now on the website I
guarantee they go really quick so get
them now and they already had that
freaking hologram - that's like a huge
bonus for sure it blows people's minds
like you saw today even like our nigga
is shocked me it shocked me
very very fun very very productive day
guys I'm not gonna lie it felt so good
it felt so good to be out there filming
today guys I gotta get lifted like being
out there with a camera crew and like a
wireless mic and I know and get show too
much on the vlog but like it was fun and
it's like where I'm supposed to be
anyways I hope you have enjoyed today so
there's a little different some new
stuff here in Columbus and I'm out of
here like this is my last day in Ohio
and hope you guys are ready to dig the
you guys better send me videos if you
order a bright bug smile more edition
I'm so excited about that it's cool like
I'm excited to try something new they're
really fun like anybody can like it
adults like guys at the bar we're having
a blast little kids have a bike
everybody can enjoy that product it's
fun cheers yeah that's fun guess who's
man that is a welcome home right there
oh this is the greatest feeling oh hey
guess what I'm home
thanks for dinner beautiful girl
just kissed your eyeball cuz you move we
are pork chops we tell Kanan at stake so
he'll eat it you like your steak pork
chops mac and cheese sweet corn man I
know there's a reason I came home so our
house is coming back together thanks for
cleaning this place was really it was
really bad when I left like I didn't
want to vlog in here can you bite your
elbow you got it bite it there's the old
trick you guys never tell people can you
bite your elbow hey can you bite your
ear can you bite your food oh that's a
good one try to bite your food eat your
dinner Kane has been begging me to try
this I I think it has like a certain
amount of weight no let's do it
Betty step on look at you okay hang on
hang on I think them boots add just
enough weight okay you remember
point your toes forward just a little
try to try to just hold still try to
just stand straight up
now I want you to just don't worry about
your feet just push your toes down these
toes down turn this way okay
you look so big on there look at you big
boy you're fucking a mr. style again
whoa
all right mister hoverboard give me five
you have figured out how to ride it
after all this time and you're good at
it because we saw yes we saw yesterday
you guys pointed out that our tree was
only half lit and you were right I don't
think any of us even noticed it cane you
working on your hoverboard you put any
wheels on there I need you to come crawl
under this tree and get the power cords
which I don't know where they are
actually guys that's pretty much it for
today we are gonna rap he's officially
become one with the cushion the rest of
my nights gonna be website stuff I got
to make sure that by the time you're
watching this the bugs are on the site
smile more bright bugs guys I have 1000
of them that's it I promise you they're
gonna go really fast so if you want one
go check it out it comes with the
hologram thing which is super cool it's
like a really cool pack that's it
it's all I got today I had a lot of fun
that was it that was a fun day yeah good
job blew it up that's a lot of breaths
that's it guys thanks for everything we
will see you tomorrow
that is really I don't know why I can't
just hang up hang up the phone just just
hit that record button be waiting to
click all right let's do it
we love you guys thanks for hanging out
we will see you tomorrow you're
beautiful you're awesome
mom more like a big hole honey you have
you got me up approval of water this is
it no no no get this is the slut Oh
oh my gosh you got an insulation yeah
