what's up guys how the heck are you I am
let me just show you this is what today
is all about right here let me out so as
I told you guys yesterday there was a
company flying in to work with me on
something this is our suspect right here
I don't really want to give up the
surprise but uh well and I ran out
hairspray today this is literally spray
empty so this is what we get we're gonna
pull in here cleaner up touch-free car
wash just spray off the roads are all
wet and dirty so I least wanted to look
good on camera guys all right please
insert doing it now okay t-that roads
were all wet today and kind of dirty so
I want the car to look the best is
possible on camera saw oh my god car
washes they never give you enough dry
time they really don't want those when
you walk out of the shower like in the
morning you take a shower and then you
step out or maybe just in the shower you
turn off your shower and then eight
seconds address
here we go here we go welcome to
Jurassic Park we're headed back you guys
gonna be working on this car all day I'm
pretty sure though it'll all be done
today which is really cool
I don't know what to expect guys all
right guys she's going into immediate
surgery all right guys I gotta tell you
a quick story so about a month ago you
may remember the video where I had my
car in the garage my garage and I was
like I'm just not happy with the sound
and I revved it for you guys and I left
it at that
you guys flooded my comments with what
kind of exhaust systems I could get or
what I should get and I I think 90% of
them was get armytrix get our meet Rick
exhaust get armytrix exhaust today we
got George from our matrix here this
dude flew in from California and you
guys shipped the exhaust from Taiwan
Taiwan direct so how much was that ah
rather not saying it's a pretty penny
and then he also shipped this Rolls
Royce in for me yeah that was nice
that's so we go to White Castle later so
we're here yeah it was like days later
on a separate video army tricks YouTube
channel mm-hmm left a comment on one of
my video it was the condom challenge oh
nice and I just randomly seen it I was
like that's part that's the exhaust
company that's like everyone's telling
me to get so I messaged almost like yo
guys hit me up and you guys were
immediately like no let's do this let's
and they sent me all the stuff in there
here takes two to build this thing in
the Box over I came down this Friday and
it all happened within like a week it
was really fast out the window play Call
of Duty double xp you know I just got a
I'm a cyberbully so yeah guys we're here
today we've got a cool team these this
is actually one of the owners what's up
man what was your name again
Brady what's the name of your shop there
you go they obviously do put you you
know you're doing well when you drive a
Rolls Royce to work yeah yeah yeah we're
going to do like a before a before Rev
for you so this is what the car sounds
like before today
alright guys remember that sound here
she goes
this is really cool to me because I know
nothing about cars like there couldn't
be I know more about the human brain
than I do cars you got to redo it for
them alright let's do this he has it
showed me all right this is the obd2
dongle this just goes right inside the
car so there's no wires this actually
collects all your rpm I can actually
work as a gauge also so any information
the vehicle can read such as engine temp
oil temp boost pressure it can all
actually be transmitted to the armytrix
app so on droid an apple you can
actually see that live timing on your
phone whoa
and plus you have the auto feature which
actually works up engine rpm so if you
don't want to have to worry about
pressing on or off you can just leave it
on auto and then set the RPM so after
like 35 rpm 3500 rpm it'll actually open
the valve and you'll get that you know
full throat roar wireless remote yeah so
you do on and off and then auto from
that also and so when you don't want the
cars loud turn it off exactly look how
uncool this looks without the tips
that's what it actually looks like there
we go
how with the old in with the new
Wow you guys are animals
you guys know how new this car is this
is the exhaust that just came out of it
and it looks to me like it's ten years
old that's just how it is this is the
new exhaust which looks on mate even
though you won't even see this yeah you
won't even see it under the car but this
is the new pipes man whoo and that goes
from where at the turbo yes sir right
back to the turbo and then hooks see I
know about cars but actually heard you
say it like 10 minutes ago okay this is
too fancy man holy cow this is crazy I
never even looked in a car from this
position not a lot of room to worry
they are moving right along I want to
walk in here and show you guys this this
is called a dyno I know a lot of you
guys know what this is but you can drive
your car up on it and then you strap it
down to this big platform and then you
can just floor it and you can run all
the stats all the motor stats horsepower
and you can find out all that stuff
through this computer we're gonna try to
get my car on here today that'd be
pretty cool I think making some serious
progress here you do it
yeah I want to hear it all right guys
we're gonna start this thing up for the
first time
I love these black tips too
dang so much better dude that's how the
partial sound from my back I don't know
how it sounds on camera yet but that's
pretty neat either my own exhaust gas
it's smoky in here the car is finished
just set it down I can't wait to get
this thing out hear it while we're left
with his old parts an old junkyard can
you do with this stuff now just keep it
keep it just keep it just in case yeah
for a rainy day
we're stopped tour stop we're gonna run
down the street and try to get some
outside driving shots alright we're not
taking the Royce all right so this give
me a little difficult you want to try to
hold this for me yeah so hang it right
listen
feel like it more matches the vehicle
now
go oh my that's how your what Wow police
are definitely coming we're gonna want
to close the valve now so that it's
quiet you can it's got a push button it
turns that off holy crap that like took
I guarantee it does not sound like what
it sounds like on camera but look at
this Jeep I love Jeeps
this guy's roasting it for you
whoo look at the headlights it looks
scary
mission complete good job buddy
I didn't even George so happy we're
gonna had a couple little run-ins during
but isn't that mechanics is it that easy
that working on cars car guys I don't
know we are calling it a day George is
gonna head back he's got a a hotel
locally and then we're gonna meet up
tomorrow what time you coming tomorrow I
can come by early all right we're gonna
do a bunch of tests and he's gonna show
me this whole system has an app and you
can do everything from the app so all
right dude I got to give super super
love the army tricks high-five Thank You
Man thank you we'll wrap it up tomorrow
but uh have a YouTube channel all kinds
people this GTR stuff's actually on
there so check it out guys our YouTube
channels in the description of this
video please go show it low hit him up
Barry and four hurried in traffic guys
what is up what a day I I think I got
too much car exhaust or something wrong
super cool day I learned a lot today I
don't know anything about cars you guys
know that I learned a lot today like
just seeing all them parts being pulled
out and put in like oh you car guys are
like that man you sure had a killer day
so many people to thank that look this
up
I guarantee it I can't wait to watch the
footage it probably sounds totally
different but it makes me smile every
time I hear it sick
I just warped over and picked up my boy
don't you the car
what do you think I hope this helps get
on camera guys really good just picked
up now I just staying over at Owens and
we're gonna go over to my brother's to
do some game night I've been dying to
play Call of Duty no we're waiting on
Brittney and Kane they were doing what
were they doing today well another day
we are working at home we were waiting
on Brittney came to get here right now
and then we're headed over play some
call of duty at my brother's house you
ready give this a shot
boom Eddie oh that was quick Noah has
never played this in the very first game
and he's starting at somebody else's
game
let me have a little hard not a beat-up
daddy hug a little uh you got that look
in your eye you legit can knock me down
now you want to hear it
yeah here hold that that's like a
racecar tell me what you think
Wow well has it on and off button so you
can turn it on low yeah did you get
enough snacks
he went down sword you ready to party
hey I'm ready to party
it's so itchy
have a good night guys are playing some
call of duty call of duty destiny
destiny and the nose got fallout 4 over
there that's good
oh yeah this game
we got docking on the radio it's just
it's just great all right guys warping
back home thanks for hanging out with us
today I hope you enjoyed a little bit of
car stuff that's kind of new for this
channel actually to see car stuff being
done I got to give a big shout-out to
armytrix for sending that hook in that
whole thing up booking the location and
just going away above and beyond what I
could ever expect from a company to fly
here and and make this happen the car
sounds ridiculous I'm so happy it so
thank you guys they also have a lot to
look at so check out their youtube if
you get one minute I'm gonna put their
link in the top of this description
check it out show them some love these
guys are really cool people like they're
just cool that is really it for today do
you guys think tell me in the comments
do you guys think I should do more to
the GTR like should I do more to it like
it's kind of like addictive a little bit
like we were there today and I was like
realizing how easy it actually is for
them not for me but just watching them
guys like they just so good at it so I
don't know tell me in the comments what
I should do to the GTR what can I do to
the GTR I love you guys thank you for
everything
smile more how many lights do you think
this is you know there's an actual
number - it was a million right last
year I wanna say was over - and this
year it's 3 3 million lights how many
man-hours
that's okay
