what's up guys today is incredibly
exciting for me this is something that
I've been dreaming up for about two
years it's gonna sound maybe silly to
some of you let's just get to it I'm
gonna what's up bruh bro I'm out in
something else look at this what the
heck is in this giant box let me help
you guys you need some real manpower I'm
super excited I'm like ready for this so
here we go let's go home did you open
your new one it's a little airplane no
way no no yeah it is like keep it on the
pallet oh I'm gonna take the box now
there's a lot of packaging this could be
a very unique unboxing video if anybody
likes unboxing videos just you teach it
earned it's pretty there's a big leopard
in there what is that
you can't show that oh my god this is so
awesome you want to see it come here
you're clear what is it
I'm gonna show you we got to get it open
topper and close in this cardboard flap
fragile okay what's in there Kane
all right guys cat is out of the bag I
can't hold back any longer
it's a pinball machine not just any
pinball machine it is The Wizard of Oz
75th anniversary so excited you ready
guarantee he lights up green that's
sweet
oh my gosh it's got like everything
you're gonna put the first ball in the
machine so just put it in here and set
it down and let go it's how you install
them there we go do another I'm blown
away how big those balls are looks
pretty nice in the living room kids okay
the power buttons underneath it's down
here jump down there and look under
there for a button I want you to turn it
on see it right here push that button up
for me
she's on I love that the actual movie is
in the screen 4500 chills I cannot wait
the whole family's coming over tonight
we're gonna rock it out you may never
see Kane again well here you guys know
how much I love pinball and although
that is what I wanted for Christmas it's
really for the whole families for the
house I am a big firm believer in
Christmas gifts for the family for the
whole house like what can we get holy
cow
so what can you get that brings your
family closer together to me those are
the best gifts I don't know maybe it's
just the dad instincts in me coming out
but I've always been like you know
what's something we can get for the
house or something that we can all do
together and you know I already seen it
today we're all huddled together playing
a game I was like when's the last time
that really happened and tonight my mom
is a huge pinball fanatic she's the love
pen well so she's so excited and I'm
gonna see us all together playing a game
yeah it's gonna be it's gonna be fun
until so it gets high school and then
and then we don't talk anymore and the
family's what's up and not a whole lot
of time to play games guys you know
what's up it's work work work from
getting smile more stuff out three four
people all four people working all week
in all last week just getting Christmas
orders caught up it's insane
I feel like I said this yesterday I feel
like we need to get fo and Mike they're
the ones that scan every single one of
your guys orders I feel like we need to
get dim something cool for Christmas
tell me in the comments um what do you
get something
that's why I'm asking you the house is
destroyed between fan mail and company
and pinball machine I mean it is trash
like it's bad so I make Holly we might
go clean a little bit before sir yeah
I pride is vlogging I don't know hey
stop
you hit my mower yeah what are you doing
well just the wheel nice driving there
mama you guys been drinking I'm just
your wheel hit my wheel yeah if you're
trying to bust through walls look at all
this stuff you guys went to Victoria's
Secret ladies are out here destroying
things
oh I'm never gonna see Brittany again
honestly you know you guys see what we
got it we got okay show them what we got
dude yeah it's for everybody go join in
Mikey just took you home
do you I do too
we're gonna have so much fun with this
it's for its for players - yeah it's
gonna go against this wall for a while
what'd you think of the new toy you
gotta come play you know Brittany is so
happy I never seen Brittany into
anything like this we set this up she
hasn't left it mama brought me Chinese I
owe you the biggest hug in the whole
entire world this is like the greatest
thing ever when I used to work at the
factory we used to do this all the time
come here buddy
here Britt will you film yeah watch this
these always used to come in every box
right so they'd be like this heartbeat
scrubber come here killed somebody okay
wow that went crazy
yeah you stepped in cake icing watch out
I don't know it was a boomerang so I
thought my mom and dad was coming over
but it's just my brother his wife and
kids
my mom and dad Michigan how did I miss
calculate that so bad I want being you
all day so I'm pretty much useless up
here yeah I mean I feel naughty what am
i doing guys
what am i doing how I I need an America
that I know good tomorrow who remembers
mr. handyman my
yesterday you guys watched yesterday's
vlog we got this art trashcan thing
broke like what six months ago probably
at least we got a dishwashing probe
because this is broke when you own a
house everything breaks I don't care how
old you are nice it is things break
that's what happens
luckily I'm a handyman and you guys know
that I take passion and pride it I can't
even say it without laughing alright so
I got a new one you think daddy can do
this yeah yes five you believe in my 14
daddy and the good news is okay we gotta
take the old one out do I need a saw no
do I need a hammer no I don't need your
help
okay let's do this one right here wow
this looks so dirty down here well I
could see that okay we gotta go way in
there you help me get those ones you got
it now I know why people's buck back
show because you gotta climb inside
these mountains I'm gonna take any
credit okay whoa good job why don't you
uh put that girl down look at that now
you're old in with the new right yeah we
don't have the little things that we do
Oh hope you're ready to play some games
do you like it hey guess what listen
since it's already December 8th you get
to open eight of them hey just so you
know I don't need you alright just
because I pull out the drill doesn't
mean you have to show up there's like
this light in the sky color for death oh
no I got this oh that's a good idea I
hate that stupid safety thing China
level that and say the pinball has got
levelers on the bottom obviously you got
to make sure the ball is going down
straight so we're having an argument
yeah alright guys we are warping into a
little bit of pinball actually you know
it's coming let me see here you look
amazing Brittany just painted the kids
faces and we ate some dinner and now
we're jumping into pinball Brittany's
first ball she's pretty much a dish
there's so many games inside this game
that is pretty complex
take a walk take a walk so right now
it's four players so it's Brittany me
Dale and Jess are competing right now
and we you want to play you're gonna
play next little dinosaur
Dale's up here breaking down the castle
doors this is Britt this is Dale this G
what
why did what did you do just just took
the lead big fun we have the okay Roman
turn you ready came this is for you
buddy this is for you
yes that's a good way to start 5,000
points
almost as well as good thing I guess
that I want to set the beginning all
right just as killing us killing took
the lead but she just stick to fixing
stuff getting in the vlog last night
again man
you look scary like oh my god is that
your hair honey hi just coming on to in
this vlog guys I gotta get started today
it's great day yesterday the machine has
got us all like having so much fun uh
since all we got for you guys today
thank you so much for hanging out with
us and just being here and what's your
favorite game in the world what's your
favorite game in the world ever there
already but yeah it's my turn we love
you guys to see the pop smile why
oh dude even Kane Jones
