three two one let's go let's go come on
let's go that's it that's it that's all
daddy gets no long gain guess what
chicken butt what's up my friends it's a
beautiful well I mean it is it's
beautiful day I don't wanna put too much
business in here but this is our second
trip to the post office today we are
setting smile more World Records here
let me let me get that door for you baby
and locking us out this is round two is
this is this a world record tell them
it's these guys it is just so much did
you bring backup today and we we brought
a couple tubs back we still have like a
thousand of them so like I said guys you
are setting a record for orders I don't
know what to say you can get in and take
a picture of all this
I got it so just brought in this tub
this is from earlier oh my gosh you got
all these over here I'm pretty pissed
away
oh she's so funny guys that's what it's
like living with her are you laughing at
me so funny
Betty was how you guys doing I hope
you're having a great day you guys are
little pranksters now I'm in the
backseat cuz I couldn't get in the front
seat I just hang out with you you little
man my mom took off work today
what is going on
my mom took off work today and she wants
to hang out so we're gonna go pick her
up and go out for a little bit with her
we haven't really done that I don't know
the last time I just picked my mom up
and took off with her that's a pretty
cool sky right there
just pick mama oh hey hey you hungry
yeah we're starving we haven't eaten
today
Cain you hungry this place has the funny
pancakes
you got a piggy pancake what is that
what's his I made out of chocolate is it
good
I think I'm more excited about it than
you are basically she's been wanting to
go to this home outlet for like years
like you used to go yeah and and I don't
know what happened you don't go anymore
so we're gonna go check it out it should
be cool it was stuff just stuff for the
house I came come on up you ready to go
it's Katie mr. gentleman you know where
he gets that from his mother it might be
true Brittany's open more doors for me
than I'm open for no that's not true
oh I know I got to step it up so we're
taking a two-hour road trip it's placed
about two hours away you can have
shotgun Oh awesome I'm gonna sit back
with Kane I gotta upload yesterday's
vlog in the backseat this we got it we
got it baby
see I'm a gentleman we are on our way up
and it's really nasty gloomy out I had a
funny story that my mom didn't even
remember I started saying I was like
wait let me tell on the blog
we did this thing in the past where you
guys asked my parents questions to ask
me you guys really liked it so I'm just
gonna tell a story and then you can add
to it and you're like so it was cold it
was wintertime this is when I still
lived at home and I think I used to have
a truck that I was banned from because I
got caught in this farmer's field I
think they actually told this in the
last vlog so my dad took my truck from
me and then I had my really old car that
wouldn't start yeah my dad said well you
have to get to schools to start your car
and it was wintertime was freezin do you
remember this at all so I was so my
parents were making me try to start this
old car was in 1972 Plymouth Valiant I
was so mad that I had to get this thing
started and get to school then I got in
I was like fine I slammed the door in my
window shattered out so then so then not
only did I have to get my car started I
had to drive it to school with no window
in the middle winter ups for reason is
you be work on school I can't lose your
temper either then losing my temper is
what shattered my window said it was
double trouble he is like
I'll make sure you put on your color
like don't get too cold you know put the
hat on and then once you're older it's
like figure it out yeah yeah you guys
actually it was a good lesson like it
was actually a good lesson like they
taught me a lot because getting mad
never solved anything like every time I
got mad I regretted it every single time
yeah I know
and you guys didn't put up with it they
didn't put up with it my parents were
like oh you know if your window have fun
driving to school no window so every
year you know you remember you guys were
allowed to wake us up to get open your
presents early this is Christmas time
they would let me and my brother get up
early so we were so excited for
Christmas right we really never paid
attention to what time but we said after
a while it's like it can't be before
6:00 a.m. so you guys wake us up or dead
tired cuz you literally just go to sleep
after preparing for Christmas it's time
to get up so you guys wake us up and you
open your gifts and everything and we go
back to bed like Jack replay and it
turns out you messed up a little bit
later
you guys said turn the clocks back every
clock in the house so they could open
their presents early and we went back to
sleep because it was like 2:00 a.m. no
it was for like I don't remember what
time it actually was but me and my
brother Dale the issue
I don't remember exactly what time it
was with me and my brother jail we had
just got to sleep I think they'll
changed all the clocks in the house so
that we can get up since early it's time
to open gifts that was army man we were
so honored
crazy we really didn't even know about
you guys fest up we were proud of it we
had to tell you let me get that door for
you yeah but not while I blog hey guys
we made it place is massive we made it
the building goes as far as you can see
how do you walk through this place it's
not a mall it's not a mall it's one
store look at this giant Nutcracker cane
just attention to do you think I am I
think they're building some type of army
or something here it's a toy toy
soldiers all ready or not
this is the ultimate hangar seek store
that wasn't that good of a spa what do
you think your shirt was going to blend
in TV see we can find you guys shut up
Kings hunting skills
he's looking around I think he found me
there's a chair for every situation you
were doing something oh my gosh is store
so crazy oh I like this big world map
this would be awesome a big world map I
could tack up like I don't know a
special guest could put their tax up
where they're from there's a lot of
people coming from overseas here soon if
you can just be like tacking where they
live that would be cool hi guys I ran
outside real quick and I found this
little baby bear in the woods right he's
a feisty one oh it's hard to do with an
audience guys quit watching me he's cool
he is so cool check him out
hey baby give me a kiss baby no okay we
are leaving here with two things
Brittany's got one of them and I've got
the other I can't wait to show you what
these are actually you got one too we
all left with one these are cool these
are for our guests that come stay at our
house just in case like back up there
yeah okay so I'm not gonna lie we drove
all the way up there not that we were
going to just buy stuff but we only left
with two things and I mean it was fun
but we're headed back we're just gonna
warp home I got really nothing for you
on the drive it's dark and let's just
get and we made it so quick I love vlog
travel that's the best all right guys
we're warping back home cane literally
most of the drive home just asked if we
can open mail so I told him a few boxes
it's always more than daddy says huh all
right we'll do a couple of these in they
continue hey you want to wait for mommy
are you just gonna hurricane it huh you
want to wait what is it huh you sis says
to the atwood family he was not waiting
on you by the way you just happened to
come out please don't read in the vlog
okay we won't we read that part oh cool
we don't have one thank you guys Jesus
from a bit says in this letter says do
not read oh oh where you going boy can
you know what it is you don't have this
you guys got her sprinkles she doesn't
have oh sure
sprinkle cannon permission
can you need help opening it it might be
fragile buddy since when did we care
about fragile yeah dude that's a
gingerbread house you want to build it
we could make it you can't do it right
now we gotta wait for Noah oh dude
they sent the new green cheese puffs oh
these are so good
okay looks like I get the whole box
here's so much like me it's change
I said dart gun not fart gun Armstrong
the sweet corn festival and he's 13 whoa
what's in there this is obviously Noah's
cool whoa a hundred jokes and pranks and
there's always someone making awesome
stuff man I love it cool
obvious minecraft t-shirt for Noah I'm
assuming we'll set that one for him
welcome to the super class
oh that's he's like already opening the
next book King God look you got you got
a big banner and a box of crowns dude
hey guys if anybody wants a babysitter
hmm hey how about I open that while you
clean up your mess no are you sure you
don't want to do that final offer
looks like mommy gets to do it oh I want
to ask you guys something for real I
gotta ask you guys something I want your
permission all right I need I need
permission to do this because I'll feel
so bad if I just do it without asking
here's what I need and I don't know how
they're gonna tell me so if you watch
yesterday's vlog somebody sent us a
giant bag of sprinkles
I mean gigantic we cannot use this mini
sprinkles I guess we could if we did
what I want to do with them so here's my
idea - hear me out
Britney covers me in cake icing cover
thick cake human cake and then we fill
my cannon the cannon launcher with
sprinkles it's up to you guys come on
give me permission I want to do this the
human cake nobody's done that I mean so
many pies but I've never seen it not
even close that container only holds
literally this much yeah maybe a little
more than that but
oh you already opened another okay who's
this one from we're keeping track
everything right honey I will clean up
let me be a gentleman tonight
I already got dogs and if not opening
the door oh okay let's see it
hang on you wanna see who's from Oh Liam
it's from Liam Germany this is all the
way from Germany dude I know you have no
idea where that is and how far it is I'm
not looking can I look yeah good look
yeah Oh grab right there ready tear I
can't believe somebody liam sent me a
teddy bear oh really love you know
Britney and Kane you make me happy every
day you made me a much more positive
person this is for Kane please put it in
a vlog Thank You Liam and obviously Kane
loves your gift even though he's already
on the next one Jacob from Hawaii sick
oh look at you Gulf stuff more golf tees
you guys honestly um I have more golf
tees and professional golfer yesterday
Thank You Jonathan
Jacob Thank You Jake let me see let me
juggle and shred we only had three I can
do like 12
that's right and you cannot do 12 with
my eyes closed
hey guys bitten in the vlog last night
what's up raise this dinosaur you trick
you you can't beat a little Lego game is
that what you're saying is it hard Kane
guess what you guys don't even know this
hey guess what oh my gosh it's a huge
dinosaur
hey guess what what we hit the some
other reasons I didn't want in the fog
last night because I knew we would hit
it today we use on our blog channel guys
can you look so excited about that you
don't even know what it is one ten
twenty billion it's all the same it's
all exactly the same didn't the blog
last night guys one come on here and
first of all say thank you a billion
views is like a number that's impossible
I don't know how to like if you counted
it's right now to a billion how long
would it take thirty minutes minutes is
a billion seconds yeah yeah if you want
to help us out the conversation we love
you guys I gotta end this and get
started with tomorrow um yeah Cain's
giving you guys a lot of attention today
we will see you tomorrow thanks for
everything you're beautiful don't let
nobody tear you down man there's always
gonna be somebody trying to tear you
down but there always be us trying to
bring you up King just wants to show you
a Lego stuff whoa I guess before we go
real quick should we do the human cake
tell me in the comment section right now
should we fill this have Britney cover
me in cake icing and shoot this out of a
cannon the human cake
they say bite everybody look at them I
love you guys will see them all smile
more you smell like mcmaster hair dog
hair peanut butter jar hair I don't know
what she's saying
