hey guys what is up if you're wondering
why I'm sitting in this box truck we're
being evicted from our house and we have
to move try to rent a truck I mean look
at this it's huge
had to rent a truck so we could pack all
our crap we have one day to get out on
Thanksgiving we have to move out of our
house and it's just crazy I can't get
over it so here I am about to get this
truck and I'm totally kidding I get
about how many of you were like oh my
god are you serious no I had to get this
yesterday Brittany and I had to go up to
watch yesterday's vlog we had to go up
and get a bunch of merchant crap so
we're not moving guys it was a really
bad joke so yeah I'm actually just
returning this coming back to get our
car Happy Thanksgiving by the way I know
it's Wednesday for me but I imagine most
of you are watching some Thanksgiving so
Happy Thanksgiving
moving right along hear me out I gotta
say something real fast
please don't let Thanksgiving be the
only day you sit back and realize how
thankful you are please use every day
you have know that you know how good you
got it man I don't want to rat here I
don't want to use this as a ramp but I
want you guys to realize how good you
have it how many people love and care
about you how awesome you are do not let
today be the only day that you're
thankful please you be thankful every
day
it's good to be here hey hey hey what's
up at the atwood house today
I'm loving this shirt I can't see this
the Sun is so bright look at you
golly Miss Molly ready for Thanksgiving
or what bond are you ready you ready to
rock it out what's going on in here
what do you mean his little cowlick he's
been blessed with daddy's terrible thing
you look good dude
wait wait you're not allowed to do that
because now you look cooler than daddy
huh boy oh that hurts so bad you're too
strong no I falling for that you give me
kiss so we have a lot to do today and
something I'm very very excited to
announce in today's vlog they're all
watching the vlog from yesterday where
we dropped the this is your favorite
blog yeah if you guys didn't see
yesterday's vlog go check it out it's
really ridiculous
oh my god all right guys delivering a
bunch of mail we are we're in a wicked
rush we're delivering mail the last day
before the holidays so this is the last
shipment till Friday I think so we're
trying to get everybody's orders out for
the holidays we're hustling and we got
to run I'm about to tell you guys what
we're doing today it's gonna be really
fun
what's up guys whoo Oh God so we got a
bunch of friends over at coghlan that's
where we actually bought our truck from
and every year they do a toy drive it's
like a really big local event where
people come and they can donate toys new
toys for kids that maybe can't get toys
or where does it actually go to
Salvation Army yes Salvation Army takes
the toys and it gives them out to people
in need and I think it's amazing so this
year Brittany and I and our family and a
bunch of our friends are teaming up to
make this the biggest toy drive they
have ever had so we're driving there
right now one explained as much as
possible to you guys but if you want
them to be involved you guys can help
with their charity mission here
basically with the help of you guys it
will be the biggest toy drive this town
has ever seen by far it's super cool I'm
gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna show you
exactly what we're doing but just right
off the bat this is where we're going
right now to like kind of announce this
on vlogs it's gonna be a lot of fun and
we're doing a big meet-up as well so we
will actually be there yeah we have a
whole bunch of prizes for everyone the
donates it should be cool yeah we should
get that guard on the front of arch
looks like a big toy I love it dude I
love that can do you like that this in
that loss and it's got a big light I
want that what do you guys think that's
way cooler than our bumper it looks like
you could ramp things with that hoodie
come on I'll go with you climb climb
climb climb you just drop it in the
hatch put it in there you got it
can't you just put a whole penny in
there what what are you talking about
but why - I'd shot Gary who put this
sticker on who blindfolded Lee put this
sticker on him anybody under the bus so
we're here guys were at Coghlan they do
this toy drive every year like I just
said they want to fill what that truck
these two trucks this truck both trucks
with toys and usually fill 1 or 2 by
yourself usually fill one so guys here's
what we're gonna do we want to make this
the biggest toy drive ever all the toys
are being donated where Salvation Army
they're gonna take them and give them to
kids that don't get toys or have toys
and the underprivileged and
somebody's getting financed so we're
here they have set up an entire website
just for this you can be how's that work
what do they have to do they can go to
smile more to your website and click the
link or they can go to our website which
is called and twitter.com and click the
link I think what he means is both links
will be in the description of this
everybody that donates do they get do
they get one ticket per toy one ticket
one entry per toy okay so if you go to
the website I'm trying to make this
really easy for you guys if you go to
their website which is in the
description
you get like a ticket per toy you send
right there's a registration form the
registration will actually be your entry
into the drawing two toys equals two
tickets correct size every single ticket
is going in the massive pile and then
Brittany and I are giving away a whole
bunch of whole stuff well five hundred
dollar gift card a couple hundred dollar
gift cards and Apple watch iPod iPad
iPad and we're gonna keep adding to that
list so everybody that donates through
their website is gonna get that ticket
you can still donate a toy these have to
be new toys whether your toys out on
open toy so you cannot send anything
from your toy box it has to be brand new
unopened so it can be at any size it can
be just a little toy can be a big toy
and if you don't want to if you don't
want to go through their website you can
just send it to this address you don't
have to go through the website their
address is in the description as well if
it's easier you can still send a toy
without using the website you can simply
just send it to this address which I'll
put it in there if it's too calm later
you can't figure it out but you won't be
a part of the raffle but it's cool
you're still donating a toy so it's all
available you can literally come to
location and bring your toys guys
everything is super super awesome little
big everything so let's fill some
friggin trucks let's make this the
biggest toy drive these guys have ever
seen okay we will be here on the night
thank you this is December 19th Brittany
and I will be doing a meet-up to deliver
all the toys that are donated so you can
come here come smash this place bring
your donation and will be doing the
raffles so this isn't just for local
locals you guys can send this from
anywhere anywhere you can send your mail
so yeah I think that's about it take
that sticker off that truck so this is
this is what you're giving away right
here that's Brittany that's Brittany she
wishes that was her oh you remember the
toy room for me to play how about we go
get some food no we can play for a
minute come on look at this funny hippo
he just strut his stuff so I am so so so
excited this isn't like I don't want to
over complicate it it is what it is like
you can just send a toy in here to
donate and we're gonna make this a huge
toy drive you can use their website you
can just send it to this address you can
drive your and drop off a toy and then
December 18th December 19th and we'll
keep you posted on the vlogs we're gonna
be here
big meetup bring toys we're gonna bring
tons of toys and it should be really fun
so pump I'm so glad we're doing this we
are going right now to actually get all
the giveaways for this cow she is
driving
he's not watching where he's going look
gain slit up he see him he's read and
she's smoking a cigarette
that is impressive right there she might
as well be talking on the phone too
anyways we are going we're start we're
gonna grab something real fast and then
we're actually going to get all the
giveaways for this thing we thought it
would be cool like not only are you guys
donating I know most of you are just
happy with that but Brittany I want to
step it up and actually give the
donators you guys a chance to win
something to the song I don't know I
want to make this really fun and I want
to I'm gonna keep this going and I want
to make this like huge we could do it
every year and raise so many toys that
would be amazing
hey you know you're my best friend right
what you don't want me to look look
okay Rudy ah I'm just gonna set it right
there okay all right and I'm just gonna
watch his TV
what we're going to go let me see this
okay you guys ever used to do this it's
floppy wait is it working Ellen over
the business the Bennifer
yeah
new truck
floppy there you go running and real
quick to eat a little bit a little lip
Nesta for yourself real quick I don't
want to put too much food blogging in
here but just tomorrow is gonna be a
huge food blog Thanksgiving very good
tomorrow is gonna be tomorrow's gonna be
tons of food Thanksgiving at our house
Brittany's got a prepare a whole turkey
tonight that's gonna be funny
well I'm never ever ever gonna get used
to it being dark at five o'clock it is
terrible it really messes with my energy
yeah my mood everything it's like I have
to keep reminding myself it's not late
hey booger Oh gonna run over and get our
giveaway stuff we got to get a bunch of
giveaway stuff cool stuff and I don't my
sleeve up whoa come on little
troublemaker I love that hat
ready little a little Viking so many
amazing options for a giveaway I think
we're gonna do an Apple watch and iPad
mini mini the mini winning good doing
all kinds of stuff plus gift cards $500
gift card - $100 gift cards and I don't
know what kind of just browse them I
think this is a really cool idea though
I'm very firmly behind it all right guys
I'm sorry we're just jumping around a
little bit today I'm trying to evolve
log but it's the story was crazy last I
just didn't film in there hey we got to
get our little hooks for our bulbs you
guys know it's been about three for
today's the fourth day since we set up
our tree our bulbs still are on the tree
what is that put a little wood in there
and make a fire
you got it oh you got it you got it
nice to have a whole bunch of family
coming over tomorrow last year we had to
borrow chairs this year we're gonna buy
our own do we have a knob canes are like
he just does everything well you know
you got it you need help with that part
you sure
be wearing out or what there's just so
much to prepare for when you have family
coming over it's a lot hey this is good
let's just go with that any tables I'm
confused
okay we can do 10 canes been trying to
hook this for five minutes you can do it
just push it on there okay we got hooks
for Christmas ornaments chairs for the
family to sit on it's beginning to look
a lot like Chris cane talked us into
look at this stay with me okay
that big blue bulb right there one giant
Christmas ball what are we gonna do with
that Christmas wreath
I got cool that is man how can you not
like that somebody made that yeah these
little hooks up here that's a good spot
for it you can just keep it there for
the holidays
yeah decorate Clifford decorate the
trucks already red we just need a big
Santa hat on top alright last thing we
gotta get more thing oh my gosh did
Danny go forward right now I know we'd
have to get gift cards well let's party
man have fun right now I know but we
should get on anyways we gonna get salt
for us often there's the last thing
today
geez there's people everywhere look at
this holiday package last thing I need
to get guys salt was just gonna open yes
this is the stuff you have to have if
you have a water softener if you live
out in the country you put this in your
water basically it takes out the rust in
the iron okay we didn't get everything
tonight but we got a lot done we still
have to get the gift cards we have the
Apple watch the iPad Mini and we just
need to get three different gift cards
and what else do we have to do tonight
we actually have to do
like work was not play clean the turkey
what does that even mean I don't know if
I've ever heard someone say I gotta
clean the turkey hey what are you doing
man naj I gotta clean the turkey bro
that means you got the feathers I didn't
even realize till we got home that these
wreaths we got take batteries and they
light up
I didn't see no lights on there right
there wait no the flat side always goes
on the spring there's one how's that
cane we gotta do that one too
all right guys is much this is the time
where I feel like it's best that I shut
off the vlog camera and get some stuff
done um check this out
we have hallways now a freaking Murch
I've never seen this before this is
crazy I've been a little off today I
haven't been vlogging the way I like to
vlog where I it's been really gapped out
and weird and and I just feel like we
have so much to do to get the stuff
ready for family tomorrow and I'm just
making excuses to not vlog so I think
what I really need to do is just pick
this up tomorrow I don't want to end the
vlog yet I don't feel like I've left you
guys on that energy that I want to leave
you on so I'm gonna pick it up get some
sleep
get some stuff that we just kind of do
to prepare for Thanksgiving and we'll be
back in like one second it's not even a
second don't even know why I don't just
pick it up tomorrow
I'll see you guys in a second
you're not up cuz you're laying down
I bet you how to
I am not fully awake my sinuses are
crazy
Brittney's clean and is this what it's
called ever how do people do this though
it's so I'll just listen to it why isn't
this coming out shall I leave the
plastic in it yeah that's a frickin bird
no you can't leave the plastic in it
mmm tastes like Legos what was that
shoot to the ceiling I'm not kidding
look oh that is freakin turkey on the
ceiling I already know what Turkey does
the ceilings and there's multiple pieces
only have to shimmy up there yeah here
let me get that off guys we are way way
out of our league here you've done this
before just here's how you pick it up
Bret you shove your hand in like that
and then you pick it up so what's up
guys I know this is part of the same
vlog but I feel like I'm starting a new
vlog here so I want to say Happy
Thanksgiving it's officially
Thanksgiving for us is currently what
did you just pull out of there
yeah this is this gusting I don't even
want Turkey anymore I've seen this what
but how many cookie you've done this to
every year why is it so gross this time
it's always so gross maybe it's just not
early in the morning this is my first
time by myself like no one's helping me
I'll clean the ceiling
seriously put your fist in the hole and
then pick it up like a glove like a
boxing glove anyway yes happy
Thanksgiving guys I hope you are gonna
have a wonderful day or have already had
a wonderful day this is the worst thing
I've ever seen in my life Oh Britt's
been in here work and cut in little
veggie where's all this just for the
inside of that I don't like stuffing in
the turkey you don't will you put it in
after no usually instead of oh we're
just getting our stuff I'm just getting
my stuff she got it before me I got up a
little later I have some things to do I
just need to clean up my little areas
got the whole family coming over it
should be just a great friggin day like
these are my favourite days all the
family the house it's beautiful it's
sunny we should get some outdoor
activities done okay we just learned
that you actually can keep that little
plastic thing on there unless you're
cooking it and I hide in the Georgian
now what's high though what is this that
little popper it pops out when it's done
oh my gosh
putting parsley in the neck I think I
need to turn him over though how do you
know it's a boy Mama's here you need
some help
Happy Thanksgiving how you feeling I
feel great
oh you brought the good stuff what is
all this I thought we had everything I'm
supposed to bring certain slowed me up
we're gonna do the old fashioned arm
trick
when we were kids me and my brother
would have a competition every time my
mom went to the store who could put the
most bags on their arm we got serious
numbers grandma you don't even know
serious numbers yeah see we're only at
four but this arm is probably good for
two-three hundred more bags oh did you
make that yes what is it
jello what pretty good putting in cream
cheese yeah I don't know if you know
what jello is but he came over cook the
turkey yeah we ate I call professional
she's she's coming to save the day you
didn't wear your cape okay
do you know where the little hooks went
for the Christmas tree I'm gonna try to
just really give you guys raw for
Thanksgiving but I don't want to put too
much in this board so I'm gonna probably
wrap this one up
I need them little cookies from the
store last night what do we do a for hey
there she is
or he top jerky this way or this way
doesn't matter it does not matter what
did you do if I just drop that I would
have to clean it off yep that timer for
five hours
xico uh-huh holy cow no no no no don't
touch that cook time Roman yeah see what
I deal with around dude do you see we
got turkey on the ceiling
she's already she's already making jokes
you guys if you guys remember that year
I blew up a turkey and it went into the
ceiling it forever stained the ceiling
you could never get the oil or the
grease want a turkey off so I'm gonna
get this off right now there's two
pieces up there where look whoa
all giggle it how I just smashed it in
honey why did you get Turkey up there it
just flown up well I took the plastic
thing off I know what poof yeah it's
like super turkeys dude it's already
cooking can I open this I can't open it
a shawl oh and we're cooking a hand this
is my baby I could I could go completely
without Turkey to be honest but the ham
when did a hamster coming in boxes look
at this I've never seen anything like
this that suckers already chopped for me
it's already cooked to start a microwave
30 minutes done so carefully we it's
already cooked
this thing's done yeah you just warm
that's way better than the turkey oh my
god okay guys turkey or ham that's a
serious question what about you like
Turkey I love her I love that's why she
gets a ham on Thanksgiving because I
just want him probably gonna kill me but
I like to dip my turkey and ranch
dressing
really you dip everything in the ranch
so nicely dip can mash it just like I do
love pizza - that's my favorite all
right let's see this thing so how how
are we gonna cook it well so just heat
it throw it in like a open see if we got
that popcorn maker I want it I just set
it in there I can't believe we didn't
get a popcorn maker guys I got a little
hot dog maker up here way over here all
the way up
candy that is smuggling candy wait
what's it all from that pinata
oh there's way more than pinata oh this
is where oh I didn't know it was open
the whole thing's empty now cool I'm
excited because now we can do the store
didn't have this we can do that's it why
are you eating that right now
oh my breakfast you know yes
stir your coffee with it oh oh you could
bite off each side and then suck your
coffee out probably really gross you're
not gonna taste the twizzler there's
even flour on this all the way back it's
forever in our house guys
case you don't know we had a big flower
fight in this house a while back months
and months ago everything every day is a
surprise how much flour we just saw I
just washed the ceiling there's flour
all over my hands there's like ham from
last year we do with this oh my god
everything all that that's why I where's
my gun Rambo mother not on Thanksgiving
but my house
a lot dad
good job give grandma a
chocolate-covered fly I could never do
that pain is still out like completely
out
alright guys I don't want to go too much
further in this vlog because I have to
actually start with Thanksgiving value
and I don't want to show too much of it
now I want to show on tomorrow which
should be a really long blog you doing
Black Friday are you really yeah so that
that's gonna go in the blog tomorrow's -
holy cow suit alright tell me today guys
do we want to go super raw for
Thanksgiving here we kind of want to
take a day make it light and just hang
out I think I'm gonna film it all cuz I
want to remember that I want to see what
we were all doing okay guys that's gonna
bout do it for this vlog I need to
remind you that this toy drive Brittany
and I are doing is is so awesome and I'm
really excited about we want to make it
the biggest ever so please check out
it's super easy and if you don't want to
go to the website you don't have to I'll
put their address in the description you
can literally get a toy it doesn't have
to be a new toy though it cannot be used
but it can be any $1.00 toy it doesn't
matter like you don't have to spin much
on this just throw it in a package and
send it to the address in the
description below
not RPO box please please it will get
lost please send it to their address
which I will put in the description and
let's make this so big you're just gonna
see on December 19 how much power you
guys and us have we want to we want to
turn this into like the biggest toy
drive they've ever seen so please send
something into that address that being
said if you want to enter into the
raffle you have to go through their
little website which takes no time it
just gives you a number so if we pull
your number you win anyways I'm gonna
end this vlog I gotta edit and then
start Thanksgiving so I love you guys so
much thanks for all the love the support
I'm finally waking up starting to feel
better I know I had a little coffee yeah
so thanks for hanging out we will see
you tomorrow happy friggin Thanksgiving
be thankful not just today but tomorrow
too we will see you tomorrow
don't forget awesome
small more three two one
what
