I couldn't know what a field today but
you feel that common baby that's okay
get them out of here when I'm with you
can't deny that you're beautiful
cuz you're alright picture Breton Island
we were first started dating - after I
cut the hair I finally found someone I
could share in my soul and I'm so she's
put up with a lot before I even had a
youtube channel she was with me and his
book that whole time - the restaurant
that's true I had a work then I picked
her up mana I wasn't even nervous about
Christmas 2008
I gave we got together in November I
gave Brittany PAC a popcorn and it said
one night of cuddle / movies just my
girl and I and I'm so lucky that it's
you you were my one love you hey mommy
you look beautiful
hey guys hope you're having a wonderful
day our day is well the Sun is already
going down it's 5 o'clock p.m. and we're
almost out of sunlight already I hate
this time change it is little Brittany
and i's seventh anniversary we've been
together seven years guys seven years
high five
that's a feat nowadays and we're still
love we are
I'm so excited we've been together seven
years which to me I can't believe it
times went so fast like so fast when we
got together well we didn't have YouTube
there was no you know I didn't have
YouTube she worked at a dental office
when we got together I worked in a rope
factory our our lives have changed so
much compared to when we when we met and
it's just unbelievable to see how much
has changed in just seven years it
doesn't sound like long but how much has
changed for us we now have little
cleaners which is crazy that boys
already four years old ah everything
everything kind of felling everything
kind of fell in place like we were
really broke Brittany and I were really
we'd have any money at all
two years later King came along and the
struggle was real it was like time to
figure this out right at that time my
YouTube stuff started to like climb it
started to like work after two and a
half years of nothing like failure after
failure struggled so hard at YouTube
never made a penny actually made 48
cents in like two years that's when I
started you can't even make money on
YouTube yet so right when Kane was born
it wasn't long after that Brittany was
able to quit her job and just be a
stay-at-home mom which was incredible
for us cuz I'm all about that I love
seeing moms and kids I know it's hard to
do nowadays so we've been incredibly
blessed with that ability to do that and
I don't know so we're celebrating 70 I'm
gonna get too deep into this stuff right
now but seven years I'm so happy we have
I think most couples at seven years
probably have this big planned out day
of epicness but for us we have just
enough time being run to dinner
ok guys so we just showed up to have
dinner riot
she's like oh my god I forgot my wallet
which has most of our cards in it and
then I opened my wallet I just emptied
my wallet out so I have nothing in it
nothing so we can't even go to dinner no
that's oh my god we go to McDonald's so
we just came out for nothing nothing we
have no money at all
what if we're on do we have gas barely
Oh
guess who's back tusks area we forgot
all our money all the way to dinner all
the way to the restaurant no money at
all not even a dollar not even no no
nothing because we both cleaned out she
cleaned her purse that I clean my wall
out nothing we have nothing now us we
can't we know it's I I gotta go get note
for his birthday cuz that's our whole
our whole anniversary I know well guys
this is what I call a fail this is the
UH this is actually what I call
resistance this is what happens when you
try to do things a lot you get
resistance don't give up you still enjoy
your time together now I get to hang out
with my little boy hey come here real
quick
mr. one sock man is this your new thing
yeah come here let me see your head you
see your head whoa in case you guys
didn't watch yesterday Cain cracked his
head open pretty good no one may touch
it okay I won't touch it is it feel good
all right I'm glad you weren't on that
it's actually hard to explain you guys
that Britney and I only had a two-hour
window two hours today to do something
and we tried to do it we failed it's
almost comical at this point a really
busy day today busy evening I'm actually
going to pick up Noah right now from a
birthday party that I took him to
earlier before I started volume and then
we have a bunch of stuff this up I don't
know what else to say like it is what it
is we couldn't go to dinner but we
definitely are having dinner and you
know what this is pretty better anyway
well so I know it's already free and
Animus you're the worst person like he
is the worst person to shop for but I
did get something because we're playing
in a movie too oh my gosh so they
probably don't even know when we first
started dating every single date night
we would have Drita's a great pop
sometimes orange pop too but great was
the number rape was like our number line
great pop and chips
Doritos so we've got all this fun
homework study test stuff for Noah
school we got to do and it's very
important that we get it done
hi I'm sure you won't be a distraction
honestly now I think I know why our
dinner failed so I could cook no so we
can all you so you don't enjoy dinner
together yeah even with Mama
mmm this looks amazing what is this
barbecue chicken with breadcrumbs and
corn and noodles is it good
this is the coolest plate in the whole
world okay guys so it is current day
we've skipped past our anniversary it is
over our anniversary not uh what'd you
get me what did I get you you didn't see
it sound the garage with the big red
bone just don't get gifts for each other
well sometimes we do but this was just a
bad bad you know it wasn't that bad it
wasn't that no but at the end of the day
at the end of the day though we were
together with our kids in our home it
was actually pretty awesome I mean we
weren't on a tropical beach surfing and
scuba diving but we were together I
think that's just as good no it was
pretty rude a resistance very resistant
day anyway
the reason this vlog is going into the
next day because last night as corny as
this sounds we turn on the fireplace
wait you're telling them we turned all
the lights off and we late we filled
this with blankets and pillows and we
just laid there all night and talked and
hung optimist it's pretty nice because
that's kind of what we did up first on
our first couple days we didn't go to
sleep at all our first night we
literally sat on the couch and talked
till the Sun came up our very first date
you never went to bed the Sun came up
when we went to bed that's true love
right we sure love you guys thanks again
and we will see you tomorrow your
beautiful smile more
oh my gosh that's pretty rad dude whoa
