I'm huge monster trying to figure out
which way oh that way let's look lit as
in good lighting I'm trying to figure
out man right right deltoids perfect
welcome to our let me call us a blog
guys this is uh this is an upload this
is a this is a QA q Rick I'm going they
should turn these jets guns I was true
today guys we didn't film at all
actually we some of the stuff we did we
actually couldn't film like legit
couldn't film it not allowed but some
things we had to get done today super
awesome so um you tweeted out to today
we're gonna try to do a little bit of
hot tub Q a tub talks that's what I call
it hot and to be honest we haven't been
in the hot tub for like three days
I'm kidding everyone in the hot Sun for
a while it's been it's been a while
since the summer probably I don't know
you don't get in water you're like a cat
alright guys so sit back relax we're
gonna be answering questions that you
have asked and step on with it man it is
what it is I'm gonna be honest we were
we didn't have anything we'd have a
video no joke Britney was like well I
want to go take a bath and I was like
well I wouldn't make a video usually
well how about we do a bath Q&A and I
was like how about we do a pot she was I
said well how about we get in the hot
tub and do a QA and she was like done so
she posted it and here we are what's the
first question my love it is so nice
here okay I'm gonna screenshot these so
they'll put okay Jamie wants to know how
are the kids so good all the time you
guys are awesome
Oh Jamie Oh Jamie if you only knew my
opinion kids are amazing we have amazing
kids are they good all the time
absolutely not there is no way that
there is a kid out there that's good all
the time
not even close so we have great kids
that's why we didn't we didn't want to
show you guys that stuff no that was
like earlier this morning I mean they
were awesome but they're not you're not
what you think all day they're not good
all the time is the real answer that's
the truth it's hard to find people that
I get all the time it's hard to be good
all the time you know what I mean mine
is mine
is Twitter I love Twitter I'm hooked on
Twitter when I wake up the first thing I
do is I go to Twitter yeah so I like
Twitter for the you hit they're like I
think it's the search but yeah it's a
search button but it always has like
popular trends and stuff I always go to
that first like to see what's going on
in the world
okay hit me with it girl go by the way I
don't think this is a horrible formal I
don't think this is a horrible thing for
us to have options on days with our
vlogs like I like this if you guys would
actually like this as an acceptable
acceptable day off like when we don't
have a vlog either we didn't film one
because we were being lazy or we did
someone because we actually couldn't
film one is this acceptable I think this
is great like I like this format it's
information to me would you consider
making your own so we've talked about
this so many times but I like just the
videos like like this would be an upload
for me right just our life here's why
this is the main reason that you've
never had a youtube channel this is the
honest truth it's so difficult for us to
upload here every day like even today we
could have skipped a day but we're doing
the QA that run but it's so hard for us
to manage one channel honestly to make
sure there's an upload each day and
there's no time for anything else
there's no time to make another video
but we did that Facebook one YouTube and
do unlike upload to both kind of thing
but I've got one video exactly so the
truth is we've always felt that we
should put all our effort into making
one video a day rather than multiple
videos for multiple channels that's
where we are we're a team on this
channel we try our best this where we're
sitting right now steam work you know
the bathtub you got a new question
Malia wants to know this is a my friend
I'm Landon pay her to ask this boy are
you guys considering getting another dog
for flash okay seems lonely now that we
have pixie no I want a pity she won't
start with this pig thing three weeks no
geez I'm not kidding this isn't just for
video she's been talking about this pig
like crazy like pigs like these mini
pigs are they just popular I know Logan
got a pig I feel like pigs like popping
up but pop up pigs
I literally talked about this probably
three years ago you talked about pigs
you didn't talk about want one I mean if
you talked about me want one
what if flash and pig don't get along
and then there's what if I don't like
him there's bacon all over the floor
just real quick while she's looking for
more questions
I've never this thing has like full
surround speakers around it I've never
used that that's another thing about
vlogging I needed to need oh my god
that's the thing about vlogging it a lot
of you guys don't realize either like
imagine you're how much do you listen to
music whether it's in your headphones
whether it's in your house whether it's
in the bath no matter what you're doing
more likely your music on right we can
not have music on I have to cut the
music that I can blow up sometimes
because it will get hot like they'll
strike it instantly like steaming so
that's something weird about vlogging if
you have music on it always hits you
like it always gets your video so that's
just something weird to share with you
guys that I love music all the time I
love music I always have to cut it so
that I can vlog
you go anywhere in the world right now
where would you go I feel like we always
answer this question right now right in
your arms go with anything tropical
anywhere tropical anywhere I can crack a
coconut opening feel that sunshine
moving somewhere else where like out in
the city out of state out of my on my
vision board which I haven't actually
made it's in my head vision board I have
a house in Hawaii seriously
not sure what Island but I think that's
like on the water piece of people
division
yeah I mean I probably have evidence
somewhere posted years and years and
years ago that I would in my life on an
island Hawaii is an island humming I've
said that when I say in my life I don't
mean it like that I mean like the end of
my life when I get to be done with it I
like on an arwing
it's your turn to you know when you're
told to do anything I want to enjoy it
on an island tour like a Torah
alright I got my own hard-hitter for you
penis pumps open that one blue eye mag
he would totally thing a lot of people
have asked have we ever smoke cigarettes
cigarettes easy to answer I mean I was
so sick of going outside in the cold and
so sick of hearing these cigarettes I
never said that did I say that you never
like said you better quit or you should
quit or never sunny and you've never
smoked since so I tried cigarettes in
high school like at that time most
people did cigarettes are like so dead
now yeah smoking was like cool when I
was in school still it's like the kids
still smoke horse I tried smoking stupid
hated it hurt my throat so bad I never
became a smoker I never smoked couldn't
stand it so that's to answer all the
smoking questions
don't try it don't get into it it is so
hard I have people close in my life that
can not quit it is the hardest thing
ever
don't start that's the
she quit smoking August 16th Oh my dad's
birthday
your stepdad surgery my dad's birthday I
know a lot of adults even in my family
that have quit for like years and then
always come back yeah
easiest thing who's don't stutter please
do not smoke start that all I'm saying
is you're you're lucky we're not in a
pool right now work out questions know
what I eat and what I do like I mean it
is inspiring you could help a lot of
people you've inspired me you've
inspired me okay here's a little crazy
there's a little crazy inspiration for
you
I started Neil prepping with Britt I
haven't had a single bite of anything
outside of her planet her trainer makes
for us the beginning of last week I 148
pounds and this morning I got on the
scale is 141 pounds so just only eating
right I spent a little too minimal like
three times in the gym so it's not like
I've lost like serious weight but I've
like lost that like all that bad food in
my body is basically like I don't know I
feel lighter look at my face I just
Raynor in
that knows anything about it is it's all
food it's it's all nutrition which by
the way is like our this thing in the
world we're out driving today and you're
surrounded by all food that we're not
allowed to eat what are you doing to
yourself why are you even in that store
right now yeah so if you're trying to
cut weight my biggest advice that I know
personally from our family you can go to
the gym all you want you can live at the
gym but if you're eating bad you're
probably not going to see those those
results you want to see sometimes just
cutting the food can give you all the
results right there we're not doing that
I mean I'm not just I'm not just eating
all the food she brings yeah I don't
know why you don't I eat all my trying
to just feel better on a food there's so
much crowd making everyone feel like
crap I try to eat better it gets a good
start just try to eat better ok felt
like I wanted to do separate videos and
stuff maybe I'll do like a daily routine
what ie food prep work oh I don't know I
get so like literally half of my Twitter
is just that
what you eat barman offenders I'm going
to say this it's a lot of work she's in
that gym bright and early for a long
time with her trainer then she's got
meals she has someone do it with you or
someone like a trainer someone to keep
you like accountable oh jeez only
friendly babe okay that's a little
upload today I think we could have had a
lot more questions we didn't get many
honestly next time we do two mqa here's
what we're gonna do you're gonna ask
your question in this video and the next
time we do Q&A we'll just come to this
videos comment section and whop tongues
so leave your guys's real questions not
the same question over and over ask hard
to answer questions ask fun questions
every Q&A for my life has been when are
you gonna propose when are you getting
married
when's it while is nice that's not there
I love you guys so much
thumbs up if you appreciate the upload
today and be sure to appreciate having
you guys and we're really focused on a
full board for you tomorrow we love you
by the way today's day 30 I really
didn't want to not upload on day 30
that's a good that's a good number
see you guys tomorrow a beautiful keep
working on everything you can do more
than you can Luci tomorrow you're
beautiful you're one of a kind smile
more
you
