guys think I can do my intro first try
today here we go laugh at me this is for
real hey guys what's up day when I got
all the boys what's up boys are you
buckled in there what you just walking
around the car whatever anyway we're
taking all the kids down to we call it
the Lancaster mountain to you guys it's
probably just a hill but to us it's the
biggest hill we have so we call it the
link links they're mounting a rising
Park whatever it is you monkeys ready to
have some fun or what come on your
business is know what it's called
nowadays come on we got to go we're
racing the clock today this is the
entrance yeah
hope you guys are having an awesome day
me and my bro decided to bring out all
the big kids today you guys want to try
to climb this spot although there was no
leaves on the ground look hurry what's
the matter you getting tired it's
actually really hard to tell I camera
whether you're climbing up or down but
we took we didn't take the trail we're
actually making our own rope at here you
guys you guys go on without me any
further we need a smile more logo day oh
here it is this is the biggest tallest
spot that we have anywhere near us I'm
pretty sure what do you think
those like the line oh this is sweet did
this looks fun with a bike man just come
up as launched 360 McTwist backflip
double off that no problem bar spin
throw in an extra can-can or something
no how do you feel about your dad trying
to kill you people coming up that right
there you have like a speaker I get a
dummy of pain as soon as people walk up
it's screaming even better why am I so
demented a rope tied to like his tree
back here and a rope tied like the tree
way over there and have some fake
wingsuit guy just fly straight down in
the gas pumps and they explode
everything has to have an explosion oh
he's actually doing pretty good what's
his name Ronnie Ronnie Street stunts
taught you this nice if he breaks his
legs I'm blaming it on you Ronnie that's
it that's so high dude okay go for it
that's good look cool to me you guys
have fun it was fun
whoo that Tim was just dropping fast
guys I don't think Ohio is gonna be warm
for much longer
he looks a bit jumpy Danny we're running
you're bringing your chocolate milk in
running ain't got a pickup I want to
play some games online but I need some
Mike like a Mike basically mines so
complicated I can't figure out someone
for a cheap one it's really easy heavies
do Grand Theft Auto really any driving
no way so you guys are gonna laugh at me
because I don't like complicated stuff I
got Brittany got me like these
turtlebeach headphones last year I think
when the last Call of Duty came out and
I just can't figure that thing out
there's so many buttons there's so many
things you got to plug in I just want
something that you you plug in and it
works like I don't want to charge stuff
I don't want I honestly feel like the
cheapest ones are exactly what I want
like I don't even care if they're wired
I'm so sick of charging stuff my breath
stinks okay all right guys we're gonna
go home and play some friggin video
games I've been wanting to do this for a
long like literally just play video
games like I want to relive my childhood
you guys need to do all the work and
cook and clean and I'm gonna play video
games that's how it was supposed to be
you guys are too strong
you're too you're too big oh yeah we had
a bunch of stuff from the hey buddy what
up do I get a hug look at you oh my god
she was awesome
Missy who are you flash this is from
your birthday for my bird my birthday
was in May I know what and she cannot
travel without it so she got you one oh
I like the sound of that she also got me
a car that says no i order guys dressed
like this you'll know soon enough but
does it make noise look at your face
mommy's trying to clean you up
me too bad can't be a superhero all day
huh and that is exactly where we left
off right there I learned one thing last
night Jane you know what I learned if
you're trying to get work done
you don't play video games unless your
work is video games and then you're fun
he flies fine and then every time I get
this up it's gone there's a fly okay a
couple of quick things guys number one
Apple watch giveaway we're doing that
tomorrow's water right well announce the
winner so it's not too late if you want
to try to win an Apple watch just go to
our Facebook pages and leave a comment
on the picture of us holding the watch
it's so easy we're gonna pick a random
comment tonight but it'll be in
tomorrow's vlog today we have special
guests flying in at min
tonight some water oh really hi buddy
come on in there's Jeremy but come on in
so surprisingly we haven't had a special
guest since Lucy was here we got it we
got a redo because we have a new guest
you guys know we try to add we try to
add something to the room every time a
guest comes and stays boosie's Lucy hide
and snacks in here anyway we always add
things when guests come like this giant
mirror that painting was for KC new
bedding and things like that so we got
some stuff to do for our new guest today
what are we gonna do in here like we try
to do fun stuff for him but Britney
wants to change we have we have a mirror
in our room but and I don't ever use
this but we were just recording on the
table some still owned that it's really
weird but I kind of like it cuz I'm way
out here that anyways we gotta focus and
we're gonna really big give back for the
kids for Christmas this year not our
kids our kids are getting crap it's so
bad no but for the the blue car you guys
say and I announce I'm giving it away
you guys actually gave me so many genius
suggestions I haven't even picked one
but we're working on that as well also
skydiving we have to do and we're
actually looking into it for this week
we're trying to go this week we're
trying I'm gonna I'm gonna try to make
that happen this week as well so special
guests flying in tonight this week's
gonna be awesome we're back on schedule
and we're ready even if I have to boss a
lot of press every day that's a lot of
pressure we try guys we really do try so
we will see in a while don't forget how
awesome you are
smile more so we got these big mushrooms
growing in the yard Noah wants to hit
one all right hey you do the next one
okay you wanna do it in slow motion all
right let's try it
