hey hey hey hey hey guys hey hey
trying to wake up I'm trying to wake up
I'm really asleep right now I'm actually
completely sleepwalking we'll get this
nastiness but what's up guys welcome
welcome today is a very big weird
strange day good morning body Kane and I
are still asleep I swear
Britney's the only one awake she's
killing coffee and anyway today's a big
day
Britney is going to finally go do her
hair you're getting your hair done is it
are you getting color what blonde you're
going blonde you're not going blonde oh
my gosh you don't look like a ship rag
but not only is Britney going to get her
hair done I am going to get the lizard
shaved into my hand I am nervous about
that I have no idea what to expect Kane
I won't put a lizard in my head smell
crazy or what just in case I put a vlog
camera in your purse you're all set to
vlog I'm gonna vlog we are going to make
this day extra long for you because
yesterday we didn't upload a video all
right so let's do it for them let's do
it for them the shower wake up for you
guys get lit the get pump get pumped
with me I'm sure so you feeling like me
right now
now what am I gonna do what am I gonna
do
is that him puking my legs out no no no
you can't eat him how am I gonna make
you breakfast
ah Mina's dinosaur on the planet and
he's so cute and blue he's so cute
oh he pets the camera he pets the camera
he doesn't mean it though he wants to
eat you guys you need help get it get
out of that nasty rain come on Kings
please pretty evil little blue dinosaur
in here so beware yeah Cain how long
should we leave this dummy up here
should we take him down yeah okay we're
gonna take him down today so believe it
or not a lot of you guys asked me how it
you guys know I've been starting to
drink coffee like I never I used to like
would have a coffee somewhere throughout
the month or the year I would have a
coffee or something but I've recently
just started drinking I mean some of you
guys best how do you make your coffee
because I always say there's hardly any
coffee in it so I'm gonna show you this
is something I've done for a long time I
showed you in the blogs probably year or
two ago I use hot chocolate it doesn't
matter what kind this is double cocoa
hot chocolate so it's like super super
chocolate and I just pour it in a cup
probably way too much put the hot
chocolate in a cup maybe a little more
or less doesn't matter it all tastes the
same not fill it up look look look look
oh there's that little fight face you
got oh he's happy he's a happy little
bird huh I think he wants to fight me I
think he wants to anyone good yeah
I thought it was I thought everything
was good everything is good uh uh Cana I
thought we worked it we did all right he
distracted me now my cups completely
full and then I usually put a little
splash of milk in here but I'm kind of
running out of space
watch watch the milk ready it's like
magic
see how awesomely boring that was yeah
and there you have it guys
hot chocolate coffee and milk that's
pretty much how I drink it's delicious
really good after a big snowy day how
about some sausage daddy would you like
some sausage well you don't like my
dummy you want me to take him down we
were just talking about we were gonna
take him down today so many rules
cain't Kane and I eat our sausage with
syrup and mom all just said she's never
heard of that yeah maybe in the 1800's
mothers every city out there eats their
meat with syrup I do it with my bacon
with my sausage no it turns it into
candy so when I leave in 10 minutes to
go do my stuff you're gonna be stuck
with our fruit Jane you'll be good for
Mama right no I mean big hug love you
dinosaur living in your house hey give
me five that was weak come on come on I
love you I'll see you soon okay I miss
my boy there's my little city Columbus
Ohio guys covered in clouds as usual
coming downtown real quick to do a bunch
of paperwork crap I'm not gonna put it
in the vlog but uh afterwards I'm going
to do the lizard guys I'm doing it I'm
cutting the lizard into my head I
figured it's a good time Brittany and I
are going to New York City tomorrow for
streamcon excited for that and I just
thought it'd be a good time to be fun be
something fun to do so I can't wait to
see Kane's face this is right where I
shot a lot of my videos I did for the
homeless where I was like change would
be falling out of my shirts and just fun
jackpot videos that we did right here on
these streets right here
did film I did do a lot of blogging so
I'm going to show you that now here is a
little bit of yesterday if you need a
new mop or hat I know what they're gonna
say but I don't like them ups you get
hey hey guys what is up welcome to our
house today it is a madhouse and I mean
madhouse I mean everyone's mad at each
other like create I create a company
called smile more and everyone's yelling
sounds like a movie she likes
old-fashioned mechanics she wants to do
it herself
hey I got a toothbrush in there we can
just do the floor with that sink and you
can spend all night knowing these little
tiny cries we're trying to help relax
okay there's a lot to do guys we are you
got it dude
look Kane's got it you see what do you
feed again hold on
Oh for a split second we had yeah we
should print out a cane face and just
stick it on there everybody was spinning
right look I'm gonna start fresh with
this ball right now
you guys want raw this is as wrong as it
gets this is our real life a very very
chaotic day and I would be lying to you
guys if I didn't tell you that we're
getting a very late start I don't know
what to say like some days are hot some
days they're not
we just are doing a bunch of crap
getting ready to leave we you guys know
we have to go to New York on Thursday I
just had this giant dumpster delivered
because we're about to do a lot of
cleaning and I definitely got the wrong
size because that would hold everything
that I own there you go
you got it perfect straighten out
straighten out straighten out keep going
Gaines driving us
if you guys decide to start a business
or you open a business one day you're
gonna learn that you accumulate a lot of
friggin trash a lot of it so that's why
I got this giant dumpster in my yard and
it is official clean-up day man I got so
much to throw this is the fun part so
that's a little bit about what yesterday
was like it was it was chaotic it was
just business man I was cleaning working
on the store working just things I don't
want to put on camera some days I just
get in this mood where I'm like high
quality I'm gonna put up some quality
not quantity and I don't know it's just
me making excuses guys I apologize I'm
gonna make it up today we're gonna do an
extra long blog for you I also sent
Brittany with her own camera today so
let's see what she's up to
and then it's lizard time hey guys I
just made it to the hair place um it's
so nasty rainy out you're just gonna get
this taken care of it's kind of a kind
of a wreck I sent a tweet out for purple
or blonde and the purple went crazy so I
have to get some purple put it in there
for you guys
she knows purple right oh yeah blonde
yes and some black fur oh I'm excited
I think you have been wanting me to do
this long that I've been wanted it
frickin mouse on your it's a windscreen
everybody asked me what's a little foot
preacher man you wanna you could cut it
out your hairs all right so here we go
guys we're doing the lizard do I have
enough hair oh yeah yeah they got ornery
you live you're in heaven right now how
long is the lizard tape
minutes should I dye it like after I'm
done no I think I'll stand out stand out
anyway
oh whoa that's my head that's your head
hi just freaking did it guys I did it
it's hard let me see if I can show you
I might need Brittany to fill it but
check it out he did an excellent job I
mean it is what it is it's a lizard on
my head you know he's gonna love this my
kids
I bet Kane flips like how cool I can't
look with this haircut it only lasts
like two days three days max my hair
starts growing up I am so happy that I
went through with this haircut not just
because I lost a bet to you guys if
you've been watching this channel for
over two years then you know I've been
talking about doing this but I needed
that extra push to do it and I'm glad I
did because this is really Who I am I
like to be different I like to stand out
I like to make people look I like I
don't want to be the same guy that comes
out of a manufactured human that just
comes same haircut same jeans same like
I like to look a little different I
think if you've gotten anything from
this channel it is to be different it is
to be you like don't be them be you and
I always you know I fight pretty tough
to be my son it's hard you know there's
so many influences nowadays there's so
many there's so many cool people that
you want to try to imitate or there's so
many you know there's so many reasons to
want to be somebody else but at the end
of the day you are amazing and
wanna be you so I always want you to
watch these vlogs and leave with one
thing and that is that you can do it you
really can I promise you but yeah there
is always risk in it and if you fail
you're not failing you just learning how
not to do it you keep going no matter
what I promise you'll do it all this
because of my haircut gosh I'm sorry I
just started venting on her but now I
want you guys to take away something
from these vlogs I want you to take
something you watched me every day if
you watch me every day I want I want it
to be beneficial I want you to feel good
and know that you're better than the
person you're trying to be just be you
telling you man it's hard to be you
understand it is it's hard I couldn't be
you so that's it let's let's continue
the vlog it's sorry for the vent but I
hope that you guys take something from
it I really do like I'm not on here to
bring you guys down ever or you know
it's always to lift you I hope you feel
great after you watch these logs and if
you don't I'm working on it I'm still
I'm a work in progress baby I'm always
trying better to create better for you
listen to me okay everyone I just got
home mom oh you like my hair yes I do
did you miss me
oh okay so my grandma's just got a call
from my aunt which is duck and she was
in a car accident so we're gonna go make
sure she's okay and go pick her up I
guess her car's totaled so okay I gotta
get Kane dressed we're gonna go um get
my aunt hopefully she's okay we were on
our way to the clerks and they amulets
picked her up and it's taking her to the
hospital
she said she's okay but they're just
gonna check everything out and make sure
she is okay so I'm taking Kane a meeting
Roman dropping Kane off with him mean
grandmas gonna go in and pick her up and
then probably go and see about her car
yes she's gonna need to get some stuff
out of it sorry guys a little
scatterbrained right now
unless you everything's what's going on
I don't know okay we just made it hey
grandma right here hopefully names it
okay it feels like it took forever to
get here so let's go see if we can find
her
yeah you really love it yeah you want to
do it no I think you would look ten
times cooler than me yeah you would
steal the show with the Terra Cotta
steal the show with that shirt that's
for sure just I just went and actually
met Brittany picked up cane Rhonda duck
in the vlogs um got into a car accident
and I believe everything's fine
Brittany's born at the hospital with
Grandma moan now I think it's more of a
checkup
than an emergency so we're gonna find
out what's going on but I brought Cain
home didn't wanted one of the hospital
so can i our home and we're we're gonna
hang out until bringing gets better I
hear an update he was gonna you were
gonna give me that weren't you
he tried to surprise me he was gonna
spray me a silly string ah it honestly
looks so crit cane look at it outside
it's like sunny and rainy so we are just
going to hang out yeah I know wait okay
no more look at me
it looks like swamp day
I think it's out oh yes dirty town how
are you okay so they're gonna take her
back fur and that come back x-ray just
make sure nothing's fracture or anything
she's already and quite a bit of pain
but you're okay right
I'm okay I think you scared everyone
okay oh really okay so she just left to
go get x-rays we're just gonna wait for
her
gessie we just have to wait until they
come back hopefully everything's okay
and we can take her to she wants to go
see your car and get some stuff out of
this we're gonna go look at that I'm
bored we're just waiting on these x-rays
Graham I made you balloon they can't
wait they give you medicine right now
okay so the verdict is most likely just
whiplash on the neck her next really
really stiff x-rays came that good no
broken fractured no crazy bones so all
good so we're gonna take our home
friends here to get her stuff out of the
car that she needs and take her home and
get pictures of my car insurance
pictures of her car it's really even
Rhonda's walking out we are she's gonna
get a prescription we're gonna take her
home and try and go look at her car
hopefully it's light enough we can see
it and she's Jessie it oh man okay okay
so this place is closed we don't see
your car here and no one's here so we're
trying to call and see you make sure it
got here and if we can get something out
of it
okay they are dropping me off grandma's
gonna take aunt back home
and probably go to bed alright some
mommy just got home not just in that
thing how she's good she's just really
sore so what a better car is pretty
damaged is it destroy it as a toy or
what I think so I think so but the
airbag didn't go off
oh so I'm banging into faulty airbag and
they're gonna do it anyway
well they total like everything nowadays
like add a door they're like totaled
especially if it's an older car yeah
yeah I see that I can see a little
purple in there purple purple this kid
is so every time I film you can you a
different outfit on he just runs and
changes everything alright it's that fun
time again red or black no we got red
red or black let's do red we got a pack
we're gonna just share bag right I'm
gonna hop in take a ride ready you'll be
like this he's got one sock on no he's
this is like his third or fourth outfit
since we got home well I don't think
this is an outfit yeah dude you're so
awesome
Oh everywhere okay we got a pack we got
a pack take it like it's hot no it's
just blowing crap everywhere
that is shattering is it just it yucky
you guys want some food real quick yup
look at that that's a yes face right is
it here we go
you guys ready watch them boom
look at them they're so fast
what do you think of that cane you want
to get in there and eat with them all
right hold on
is it book time it's at night night time
what are you doing what you're in all
right guys straight up it is packing
time we have to pack clothes underwear
poopy butts all right you guys say
goodbye we gotta go bye bye
we got a pack and do our duties guys we
are leaving for New York City tomorrow I
hope to see you there will be a
streamcon and that's it for today I hope
you guys had a wonderful day look at
that
not every page is like that is it
anyways guys we do got a run get some
work done we should be completely back
on track starting well today but
tomorrow for us we'll see you guys
tomorrow remember be you you're awesome
smaller need a hoodie and pants pants
and a hoodie I had to tape his arms on
I didn't realize if the arms are
straight up they don't stay on they
actually unhook so to tape his arms on
because I'm gonna show ya
