hey guys starting today if you watch
yesterday's vlog we are starting exactly
where yesterday's ended we let Kane open
one birthday present this morning which
is a really he's been wanting this for a
long time we're building it right now
it's a real Lego table to sit and build
it's awesome but we let him open his
first gift it is his birthday number
four are you excited for your fourth
birthday so I thought it would be cool
we very rarely end a vlog and start it
exactly where we ended it so that's it's
almost two blogs in one the chairs are
like giant Legos and they actually hold
like this there we go I love it
you should build a little village on
here Kane little houses and little
little streets since Kane's got this
awesome new table he gets to open one
more present before his party tonight
what do you think it is can being pretty
Mouse with your opening boy oh and if
anyone who's noticed everything is
Christmas wrapping paper there you go
yeah oh cool that's how old you are so
you can build it what the heck it's got
a slide easy to build so you you should
be able to start to try and build your
own Legos alright we are all showered up
and ready to start Kane's days as Kings
day zip what's going on out here what am
I missing so I cut okay
I made Kane's cake and I cut the tops
off oh you want to make your own in case
you guys don't know Brittany loves so I
don't know if you love making cakes you
just love collecting sprinkles
I don't even use all this this one's not
even open yeah those ones look so yummy
yeah so you're gonna put those together
and yeah you got some cupcakes over here
oh man that's gonna be so good
is it super good mommy's pretty good at
cakes doesn't see me oh you made this
one not mommy was I thinking so today
we're kind of hanging out for just a
little bit longer we're going to a water
park for Kane's birthday we're gonna
pick Noah up at school we're gonna go
get Noah at school and we're going to
the water park dude how can you argue
with that day that's like I mean if I
was a kid that'd be the day right there
sounds good to me
okay fine if I was my age I would be
excited my little birthday boy and I are
running up to get Noah from school right
now I'm very excited about that it's
just gonna be me and my boys today
shouldn't ask for anything else like
that's all I need to take
no way already and you can so big yeah
there he is
I know you're poor you tell no world
don't don't don't don't don't I don't
have a windscreen on this camera yet so
I'm really worried about that yeah
frigging broke another woman that's the
one you're swimming you can take
pictures underwater all right yeah well
that's easy problem solved right there
boy
all right boys mission complete get to
the truck and get home 10 10 10 10 then
daddy jokes right terrible terrible
all right guys warping back home where
where's the uh-oh he wants to show you
his table we're all gonna have fun with
this we picked up Owen we were home we
got some uh what are we doing I'm gonna
get back to NOLA okay go ahead
see what can yacht look
just kidding it's yours Kane got it for
you it's a new nerf thing dude and
that's yours too cool good good gift
Kane do you guys don't know no his
birthday was actually just five days ago
so Kane's gonna wait for his party night
knows getting a couple gifts today is it
oh that thing's legit Noah's dying for a
real replica pirate gun like an old
pirate gun
it's from Assassin's Creed huh wishing
for that wait let me feel it's all like
real wait metal and wood does this exit
oh yeah just a toy gun I should specify
well I mean who's running around oh my
gosh
oh my gosh
whoa how fast can you shoot on how fast
can you shoot it's loud suddenly a
lawnmower
dude that's a legit it's like okay we do
need to go who the heck is ready to go
swimming dude fireworks in the truck
knock it off box hey can you guys just
have birthdays all the time I'm gonna
thank everybody right now for blowing up
what the heck is that
everybody for showing the love on all
the social networks for Kane's birthday
you did it for Noah's - you did it for
my mom's you you just blow our minds
with all the old pictures you find
online of the kids and it's just we're
all smiling I'm gonna lay up tonight
just joking all your guys's pigs I love
it we're here we're here we're here game
let's do it okay so we rented a private
room at this place but look at the size
of this and we didn't really invite
anybody just like mom and dad my brother
like I didn't know is this big we could
have invited the whole we can invited
all the Roman soldiers to your birthday
would you want to just just in it no one
news my little director where do you
want to go
all right let's go come on the water
feels so cold look at him
so he's been sitting here waiting for
this bucket to dump because pain doesn't
want to get dumped on
just go it's taking a long time you want
it to hit you
yeah
Hey
good job on the cake you like it
that was the Turk you wanted right you
wanted this truck so bad
you can take it into the swimming pool
with you this is an awesome cake right
you did a great job here's what it
dropped the beat happy birthday birthday
they do
so you got a lot of cool stuff here boy
who's it from
there's a big four let's just see wow
that one's got loops oh it's complicated
you have to come over to build that one
from Conrad this is from you right you
gotta cut over them and Legos are big
hit at the party
look at the Batman see this let's chalk
wait this is chalk wrapping paper that
is genius
it's a brand new car alphabet puzzle
you even got some gifts - from well I'll
take that how much did you give them
damn rat play battling enemies being
bosses smashing cars mastering lose
blowing stuff up I can relate to that
one that's perfect for your room it's it
it's an author it was an ocarina from
Zelda
oh it's handmade dude Sony made that out
of clothes there you go he's getting in
now you realize how hard skee-ball is it
for and he was three yesterday this
place actually has a pretty decent
arcade we ran in here after we're
letting our cake settle lots of cake I
had two cupcakes odd words I know
nothing zero about mascara it wasn't for
Talladega night you give me down our
junior or him these two one of these two
guys that's NASCAR racer this ever
walked on this planet design
get up rich a good job good job in there
oh we all looks really hard you can't
like you got you gonna jump early hey
goes faster and faster
Wow you did really good what if I just
hung from this yet this hutch is done
okay going on
happy birthday game this is for you yeah
all those you'll be able to buy you a
new casserole like so you got five
hundred tickets and all this stuff is
like five tickets ten tickets could get
fifty bounce you off fifty bouncy balls
to be an awesome slow-mo video these
guys
it looks awesome I'll show you on the
camera
everybody worn out a little bit little
bit little bit trying to dreamy of my
energy hey Jane oh he is awake have fun
yeah oh my gosh
left Owen
well here's omen she would go back
together
my parents were nice enough to take that
monster home you know oh he would fit in
the bed we had a great time that was
awesome
I'm glad we did that you know I think
you had probably more fun than cain cuz
you got the full use of the park with
the water well we had the place to
ourselves
yeah non-stop so we are warping back
home Cain is wearing is hey hey let me
see you Optimus Prime
he's a man it's kind of time to clean
this place up now a birthday has taken a
toll on it I say I was gonna order this
for you and your dad said that you
wanted the gun instead so I got the gun
oh you got the whole kit now that's
sweet
there boomer balls that come right back
yes I know okay that sticker birthday
pic birthday big
bust up bust out see if you can bust out
oh it was down Justin nice back stretch
you're so sweet it always just comes up
and stretches like that you're the best
wait isn't it your birthday shouldn't
daddy be scratching your back oh yeah I
was enjoying them oh that's so sweet
no he ain't comes and asks me that
itches back so many times yeah yeah and
it'll go Oh
all right hey guess what time it is no
daddy no daddy's already asleep I'm like
sleepwalking talking cane are you said
your birthday's about to be over hey
yeah we can you know how you were
counting down like 15 days to your
birthday you guys can count 360 thousand
days now guys thank you from the bottom
of all of our hearts showing this family
so much love being here for our
birthdays and for everything that we do
it's unbelievable what some guys showing
so much love we already have one we just
don't show in the vlogs it's late
everybody had a great day no matter how
hard we play no matter how fast we go
this guy is still on fire
everybody say goodbye ah we love you
guys thank you again we will see you
tomorrow you're beautiful you're awesome
smile boy hello everyone we are
preparing for mr. Roman at woods of
rival home all right hi
are you ready huh huh let me show you
what we are planning on so I got this
brawl
