hey hey guys what is going on good
morning beautiful we are I would imagine
that today's gonna be a nice laid-back
vlog I don't think we're doing much
anything but hanging out with kids the
family I think you're doing exactly what
you want to be doing just laying okay
guys so Noah and I have decided to do
what are we doing
piers we're gonna go up on a giant
parachute get pulled by a boat should be
pretty awesome you can see them out
there are you ready for this yeah that's
all I have is this crazy tripod strap my
dad knows how to make basically a GoPro
strap so when we go way up in the sky
I'm gonna drop it and lose it gonna be a
saver lifesaver that's that would rope
pops diamonds you ready let's do it
let's do it
dude that was awesome definitely do that
if you get the chance that's really
relaxing super high up so I want to show
you guys this game that I played since I
was a little kid with my brother it's
really funny if you ever go to the beach
you're never too old to play this game
it's a lot of fun
repair repair repair what you do is you
you build a sand object it doesn't
matter what it is you can just have a
little ball of sand
it can't get destroyed so you build a
fort around your sand ball and you do
whatever it takes as tide comes up oh
you're gonna have aren't you you got to
keep rebuilding it you can't let it
destroy it bottom line is you lose every
time because the tide it's really fun to
start when the tides low and then as it
comes up with waves just keep me and
bigger you lose no matter what you see
their goal is just to see how long you
can make yours last and if you do it me
and my brother would do two separate
ports so you kind of have to like it's a
battle who can make theirs last longer
so far
you could build a wall up here and
protect your main fort for a while we
need a name for this game now we should
name this and make it a real Olympics oh
you guys are taking in some water
his cane is cane one of your blockers
waves versus wall that's what you would
call it WVW you got a big one oh it's
still good oh my gosh you better start
building Wow give it a good trip there
baby
oh yeah ball fan no kids right now I
know you're having a good trip now
they're down there in the in the pool
with grandma grandpa it's snack time
it's like right between where you want
to eat but you just want snacks
somewhere on vacation so we're gonna so
this place we're staying at has a whole
nother pool like a huge pool deep like a
big pool but it's all under construction
so it's not even open but look at this
thing look at the size of this anything
though eat it you did bring it though
eat it huh oh my gosh
you're so bad you know I get my favorite
you're just thinking of the kids we
still need to I gotta bring know it down
you guys know we collect magnets every
time we travel we have not got one here
yet so we got to do that
gasta okay you know what's super cool
about this place we have to go to the
doctor and get prescribed amoxicillin
it's what you get when you're sick or
you have a certain thickness you know
here they sell it on the shelves three
bucks you get a whole prescription of it
for three bucks no we have to pay like
$100 just to walk into a doctor's office
to get prescribed that in 83 bucks here
so I bought a bunch of it oh yeah you
can overdo it on chips and cheese too oh
boy oh boy that's awesome
I got snacks Noah lots of snacks are
those good boys
I think those were a hit at the party
right there can go anywhere without grit
and dale getting this actually it's
turning into more just bread
you've been really behaving yourself
this is my enemy right here my biggest
enemy for three months night a
three-month supply of these if I move
I'm not moving as that it was a total
joke I was like oh yeah and I want three
months supplies to just as a joke and
they wrote it into the contract so I
actually had like a three months supply
of these chips
while they're having a wedding up here
wedding time it's a race to the death
who will cross the line last miiverse
you next you got to want it
well who took it all right
pains still gone we'll see you later
we'll see you can only the Atwoods be
out here hopping in colored bags it's
what we do
there
are you guys ready we're getting out of
the boat
the boat starts kind of moving and that
kind of loses his footing and he starts
going backwards he cuts around and
pull on jump right into the water
anybody come up he was like laughs I
just felt like taking the dive
well let the viewers decide who won that
there you go
nope they'll replay it what do you think
about that deal really fast you're
really good at it
I think next time if I just practice way
harder my game will be I'll be on it I
think if I filled my bag with water I'd
have been quicker than I cold here I
think I'm gonna put a lot more time in I
think I have a better you got a year to
practice everyone did good though I can
tell the ones who really gave it their
all and I'm proud of my teammates
he's so good at this you gonna take
kangaroo
the kangaroo here so many nicknames yes
that go too fast this is our last day
our last night on this beautiful island
unbelievable
it went so quick but we've had such a
good time would it what is there this
cushy let me see squishy sand whoa oh
it's a beach ball
beach balls is ideas for a new in here
are you done yeah
are you still fancy but you guys look
awesome and I have no nothing for my
hair
I didn't bring a razor I'm starting to
look like I've lived on this island for
a while oh I used to love me hey no you
ready no it's our last night in paradise
boy give me five had fun with you you
see your eye it's all red
Noah's birthday Sunday but since this is
our last night in the island I think
we're gonna try to maybe get him a
birthday cake or something you want to
see if they'll sing happy birthday to
Noah and then your birthday is only in
seven days every single time any of us
use the elevator we break the other
person right now we're racing mommy you
better hurry
come on it's a lot of steps
all right come on come on come on come
on come on come on huh I think we beat
her hide right here
dinnertime leave their outfits the
pirate bars are you happy birthday to
you happy birthday dear lo happy
birthday to you
happy birthday dude I know it's a little
early but it's the last night here so I
enjoy it
what's all the commotion over here do I
gotta break it up don't make me beat you
up no no I said no fighting whoops
well you said no fighting why do you
fight me oh yeah it's a fight fast it's
actually bedtime right now fighting Lego
guys he fell off the ship
that means it's bedtime
well little family congratulations
you've destroyed the hotel room look at
this alright what was your favorite
thing all week pretty much everything
the whole trip good well that's fine
with me
Pearson was awesome what was mommy's
favorite thing basking in the Sun like
hot barbecue ribs on the grill
okay guys I'm ending the vlog the hotel
right you guys noticed I had my fan the
hotel had the fan and if we broke it it
was a hundred dollars if we broke it so
good thing we didn't break that sucker
we are yeah guys I hope you've enjoyed
the the getaway vlogs to travel vlogs
that let us know in the comments where
should we where should that would family
go next maybe and then your future will
be traveling again and huh Ireland okay
alright maybe we got some maybe we got
some soldiers out there we love you guys
so much six for all of us work towards
this these little nut cases people see
it's
we're traveling back knowing I actually
have to take a separate plane they're
taking a separate plane so uh yeah we'll
see you back in Ohio cuz they have a
straight flight right yeah we have
connect we've connect insured for Philly
I don't know where we're going we love
you guys I'm Internet smile more you're
beautiful
