hey hey guys how the heck are you we are
out of here I love you I'll see in a
week ready buddy big adventure let's do
it guys I honestly can't remember the
last time I caught a sunrise leave the
fog and it's just about to come up okay
let me sum this up as quickly and as
easy as possible yesterday we did not
know Noah was going on this trip
resupply it's pretty awesome surprise
but basically what ended up happening
was you know Noah has school he has
responsibilities here and this trip is
kind of last-minute so he was able to go
yesterday we found out he could go which
means we had to change kind of
everything around and Noah and I have to
take an entirely different plane on our
trip so it's just me and taking a little
trip together and we're gonna meet the
entire family at our final destination
so hopefully this all works there it is
there's the sunshine all right you ready
yeah we're gonna have a blast I'm ready
to go
even though Ohio has been beautiful like
way prettier than usual dude good thing
we're not in that line we'd never be
making it alright guys we are waiting
for our flight which we're on time
everything's good we made it no worries
we just sit back and relax if all goes
well Britney and the entire family are
gonna come walking through here we gonna
go but we're sitting here no and I are
looking at the stats of the channels
look at this
so most subscribed in the last 24 hours
the vlog channel number 10 baby the
prank channel number 1 that's my face
red thank you guys thank you thank you
thank you we are I'm very excited to
take you on a fun trip this week very
excited to have my boy with me I'm so
excited I know this is my basement I
think we should have board I don't think
they're gonna make it
we've been waiting on the family to come
through but I think our flight is gonna
leave without us if we don't get on well
we did not get to see the family they're
like two minutes behind we were so close
make sure you go on this one crazy thing
is no one I have to stop in
Charlottesville I'm lucky dogs we are
like last
we waited forever
and of course this seems to be our
tradition
okay here we go dude we almost outta
here
yeah
let's see it
whoa that's cool
thank you thanks for being so happy one
flight down one to go
that was fast really fast we got one
more plane to our secret location the
avatar on the photo
you know it makes the rules guys it's
loud out here
by that one that right there I can't fit
in there all right dude it's a little
bit of a fix me up but I think we might
be able to save up for this one some
Indiana Jones type stuff been walking a
lot of these hallways lately our last
flight let's do this let's go have some
fun man this is so excited right now
guys
this is gonna be a big play
you get the stretch out a little bit
those are seats one half and one updated
one day he's been holding it for us
thanks boss man
well I really didn't want to have to do
this but it's time to take the Browns to
the Super Bowl man there we go here we
go it's time to line it it's not a
mattress by the time I'm done with it
and then you can even tap down
until this part yeah we go
this is Noah's first fun first class I
think
yes
Wow pretty awesome you get to eat on the
plane right so right now we'll wait
above the Bahamas sorry folks
today's I'll be go
forty-five minutes
we made it we made it not enough for you
one of these is going to get pushed off
here goes here it goes
this is just a poor design we've
officially made it we skipped a lot of
the flied here's the thing everybody
landed way before us so Noah and I are
kind of just at the airport I don't know
where we're gone I have just paper but
none of our cell phones work is round
we're gonna try to get to our hotel
there's no lack of taxis here lots of
taxis
you ready figuration with Bend easily
nothing yes
two of us of arrival
two of us and I just got here
we came on a different flight
thank you sir
believe in us let's do it in here my man
okay you're the man don't drink the
water only bottled water you think we're
going the right way now we're ready to
get to the family they've been here for
two hours they got here two hours before
us
what do you think did I like it
we found oh well half of them how was
your trip down what happened in here
ain't no it come here what do you think
of this pool pretty much wants to you
again oh so glad to see you play it was
good knowing I had a great time it was
hectic when we got here though oh yeah
we didn't stand dent
Dandan I'm gonna pull him out by his
feet ah hey did you see the pool yeah
are you guys ready I'm sorry
hey come on do we have Wi-Fi so the
first thing that I have to do is see if
this place has the Internet I'm sure
that if you're seeing this that means
they do but whether it's good or not I
don't know I have no idea where to go
you said internet cafe $50 for the week
49 bucks for one device you can't add
device it's just for one device and I
don't know how good it is guys that's
the biggest worry I mean these are
worried to Matt about what I get I still
get pimples dude it's bad
oh cool
baby baby this is my future home right
here
build a little spot right here in the
dirt
so we're getting here kind of late
getting everything done why are we here
is my mom's birthday we are bringing my
mom out for her birthday
pretty sweet beach
Brittany and Kane are grabbing something
eat roll
this week is strictly about family
that's all we want to do are you happy
we're here
pretty sweet so lucky nose was able to
make it man I feel so blessed that my
whole family here this this week this is
just us
I'm so happy you guys are here we're
here you tell them what no oh they have
to guess today tomorrow I hello that's
what we always do they how Sony well
let's are on fire I did eat that
jellyfish yeah it was good actually
you ladies ready for a good week yeah
yeah mama I think you got a birthday
coming up she's gonna be 25 all my young
viewers are like don't even realize how
good they have it in that Petrino's time
you're so fast
I was just 25 it flies by does fly by
it's painful well I know I know I
couldn't ask for a better birthday for
you okay so how are we supposed to eat
dinner when all these desserts are up
here oh my
he's on the birth date today we're gonna
have a little dessert for my dinner
what's she thinking bread
look at these ice cream what is the best
thing up here what does this thing's
like a doughnut well it's charm
yeah it's chocolate
so sugar yeah just regular sugar and
creamer we um I want to show you guys we
are we are coming back up to the room
I'm seriously worried about the internet
as well I I'm so worried about that's
always my biggest worry okay when your
job is the internet you worry about the
internet what that's probably in that
bag we're try that we're trying to
figure out how to make coffee here so
we've come back up into the room we got
a great fun week planned and the flux
should be awesome but I I gotta show you
this this is this is really funny so
this is our room for the whole family
Roman Brittany Kade no it's actually
perfect we're like Sardis in here guys I
just gotta stop a second say thank you
from the bottom of my heart my family we
we just cannot thank you enough thanks
for coming on this trip with us thanks
for being so patient with getting a new
prank oh I have a new one that I hope to
do here I don't know if it's gonna work
it's not a big scale one it's just a
really fun prank that I know is gonna
make you guys laugh what else what else
what else we are in a mystery location
some of you already know there's many
hints in this vlog that I left in there
have fun with it that's all I got today
man thank you guys so much the prank
went crazy all you guys you're I mean
the prank was good it really it's you
guys your loyalty and your support to
this family we will see you tomorrow
we're going super roll I hope - let me
let me just say something real quickly I
know I'm just just talking here this
week is family week and I hope to record
things that I want to watch ten years
from now 20 years now from now when my
kids are all
so forgive me if they're not to your
standards I'm really filming for me this
week and for my family I really just
want a memory here so thank you guys for
being a part of this memory we will see
you tomorrow tell me in the comments
where you think we are we love you
