hey hey my friends this is the side of
California I'm not used to seeing it's
pouring rain but it's beautiful it's a
good day
I'm meeting here at paradise 10 what
snow brother good to see you
Jude this is us today huh yeah what can
you rent these the tanning or whatever I
want
so here's what's happened guys basically
production has added like two or three
francs to the movie apparently they want
to add some length and maybe get rid of
some things that just aren't that funny
so we're at this crazy awesome tanning
place today hi hi is this our snacks
snack room I have never been to a
tanning place ever look at this thing
you stand up in it
I don't trust nobody did I got your back
don't trust me came in as a restroom in
this place now I hear rody I hear you
thank you you're throwing something at
me I'm so on edge today I was just in
the bathroom
probably Danis come pounding on the door
of course it scared the crap out of me
literally is this makeup yep this is us
yep oh man this is our movie budget here
guys when you see the movie this is this
is the budget of our our makeup room you
can actually use the bathroom and get
your makeup that's amazing though that's
multitasking I'm doing I didn't even
expect you here yet you just happen to
be here that pale skin all tanned up
okay guys so today we are at a tanning
salon I'm about to do what they said
like this is torn by the way she's doing
all my makeup is this skin it's latex
look this is to look like dead skin
basically come on up Lucas here I just
proposed let's make a real bird it's
gonna look make it look like I've been
on fire it's gonna be pretty nice it's
gonna take a couple hours probably see
how the full body a couple of hours of
makeup should be fun
Kentuckian
hey y'all there you look legit spray-tan
okay so it is just stuff called doping
gelatin yeah and you're gonna turn it
into what looks like bubbly burn scabs
today okay so I'm usually the one that
cuts Kane's hair but I thought he's old
enough and it's time for a real haircut
so we're gonna go to this place it's for
kids so hopefully it's fun and cool and
have a good experience okay this is the
final hair let's see it better outside
okay pardon
oh it's an airplane that you bling-bling
shot however show you at work it's not
dyed it's just like a hairspray - you
love your hair
mama do you love his hair oh I just
think it looks so handsome okay guys so
I would say we're about an hour into
makeup and you can see that I definitely
look like I have some nasty friggin
blisters and burns all down my body
oh I'll hit my tat yeah I think you did
an excellent job on that
right she was so worried about the
tattoo I think it looks unbelievable Wow
so we're pretty much gonna scare people
to death
I can't even take it
hello you look like just like your route
like you fell into some construction
well maybe glasses will help let's see I
mean I have no room to talk
what do you guys think we're working
here she's killing it here's the deal
these two guys sold me a tanning package
Mike's not legit good it's like it's
like a tattoos my boss just scabs a
little bit
yes scabs alone what are you guys doing
today what do you guys is this your
desktop back I want to see you what are
you guys doing you're trying to sell
people tanning packages this is Gilbert
we're going into instant sunburn this is
just straight beating me alright guys so
I just did a nice little 10 minute
session I think for the first time in a
tanning bed it went pretty good
everybody's not lunch break but this is
what it looks like inside the tanning
salon oh I love this I could play with
this all day you zoom in zoom out Dennis
has no idea I'm watching him right now
alright shoes on I know it's hard to
take me serious right now because all
this makeup and it's really
uncomfortable but we're having a good
time and I hope you guys are you excited
are you ready not in this is his
favorite part is the trolley you wanna
get up top
thank you oh thank you
it wouldn't be a trip without stopping
for food how to feed these two Rascals
I looked for out into Roman for the
streamys and I ended up getting of a new
black v-neck t-shirt this awesome sport
boat was like velvet straight like it
was really nice but I don't think you
would wear it so I'll open hands time
after he's working with in the movie
stuff that he can come out look saying I
didn't find anything dressy maybe
they're just not going to wear anything
are we going to share some chocolate
cake what's been a deserter you can see
no yet no some fun of the cheese
hey hey was there big corn dogs kind of
cut them up and doing our own sabab oh
that's probably hot
right just like that we're all done good
day brother everybody's packing up
good job today that was really fun
Torian awesome job today
nobody's ever made me look at that dude
amen fun day going out to dinner soon
yeah we are dude tomorrow night yes yeah
let's do it meet you in the pants
Christian is nice enough to be taking me
home today dude it was like an hour and
10 minutes from my hotel for this
location I know you guys have been
waiting forever for this movie maybe
some of you don't even care about it but
I'll tell you this we're putting the
most effort we have in this movie and
when it comes out it's finally gonna be
done right we're not releasing this
movie until it's perfect so you're gonna
see the best version of this movie I'm
excited about it and if it still sucks
and we just saw there is just no quick
way to get around the beautiful la this
is just oh shoot dude you guys may kill
me
you guys are gonna kill me see you
probably see my viewers just saved me
because I want to put this on how we're
trying to get home what a good day how'd
you feel about today I look nasty I'd
even show a lot of it on the water like
nasty but ready to get this movie out
though man it's taken forever I know I
know I know but it's coming along it'll
be what 2018
all right guys I'm back home Britney
Kane grandma are still out they should
be here any time I am a filthy dirt ball
right because I'm going to literally
probably lay in the shower I am so beat
I don't want to be a downer but
sometimes you're tired and sometimes
you're beat like you're just done that's
what I feel like right now my eyes are
burning I'm sorry I don't want to be it
down I want to keep you guys lifted I
really hope that you guys are you know
you're doing something with your time
man don't don't waste it I'm telling you
it's so easy to let time go by and I
always say these vlogs time doesn't give
a crowd like it's going with or without
you like the next guys gonna take your
place
so come on do it I know it seems like
Roman Atwood just gets to do all this
cool stuff and make a movie and and gets
to do YouTube for a living and guys five
years ago six years ago I was in a
factory for 12 years I was killing it in
a factory hot in the summer cold in the
winter real factory life like the real
deal for 12 years I just always had this
hobby to make these videos since I was a
little kid on the camera and it just
happened through just never giving up I
encourage you guys to just get it and
maybe your dreams to be the greatest
drummer in the world or the best vmx
bike ride or whatever it is you can do
it you just gotta live it and every
second eat it sleep it live it promise
you you'll get there I promise you'll
get there man hands down it will happen
let's get up get up right now get shower
oh thanks for being here with us thanks
for being here with us like during the
good times man you guys would probably
what I liked me back from the day like I
was different I learned a lot I had to
go through a lot to get here find myself
so we are just calm Romans in the
bathtub can't show you that sorry good
Mama's already in bed Cain's ready to
get his new pants on and try them on
yeah so we had fun today I'm glad you
guys got to come with us so I read it
felt like too crazy too much stuff I
just felt like it was kind of annoying
if we were like shopping for a few
things about chick about chick go oh
okay see you back there I see you oh
hang on I see whole body oh snap your
shirt matches your hair your dance
skinny pet but skinny bet but keep
skinny fat mutt skinny skinny skinny fat
we got to eat the pillow there cuz that
corner will beat us up now be straight
to the hospital
oh the best time of the day
me and my little man hey your hair's red
yeah
just for today hey best feeling in the
world kill it all day he has so much
energy
that's a big secret never sit or lay
down unless you're ready to quit cuz
they can suck you in I always try to
stand up don't end it like this oh okay
you gonna do the click thing alright
guys I hate to cut this blog off so
quick tonight but I give it like 6:00 in
the morning and for me that is like yeah
so I'm gonna edit this vlog tonight get
some real sleep I haven't slept for like
a year I bet you guys this in the past
what do you like better the ohio vlogs
or the la vlogs right now you're
probably just looking at how bad my hair
looks but what do you think of la vlogs
with the family we love you guys tell us
in the comments we will see you tomorrow
don't forget how awesome you are keep
the big smile on your face your
beautiful smile more there's like a
robot that comes to your door you see
what who came here he brought us towels
this is awesome my house I get out of
here Wally had enough of you
