Oh sunshine
hey be back by dark what's up my friends
I'm sorry but today is a little bit of
clean-up day we got my man Keane with me
is it hot outside is that AC feel good
put your face on it oh there you go man
so guys running our own store has become
quite the full-time job and every once
in a while I mean look at this our
basement fills with cardboard from you
know our t-shirts and our stuff that
come in
what dude you're getting brave pretty
soon you'll be doing 360s on that so I'm
gonna start out with a little bit of
cleanin I'm sorry it's what I gotta do
sometimes when you're doing daily vlogs
you can't always go do fun things you
actually have to work so that's what I'm
doing right now the truck is never gonna
be clean again if you guys missed it
there was a toilet paper explosion and a
few vlogs ago are you going I think
you're gonna help me you see as a
vlogger we tend to put off real life
things because we want to entertain you
but that causes things to back up hey
mama
my mom actually just stopped by to
surprise us with some help which is
great huh
garrison Tillich's block down here
yeah it's actually pretty round she has
to strip all the black out I think
everyone was really disappointed that it
wasn't some crazy color like some crazy
red or purple or blue or I would say
that I'm extremely guilty of not
recycling I've never done it I've always
been really bad at it and I think it's
just something that I've never tried so
today we found a recycling dumpster and
I'm actually gonna try it okay then
let's do this
I would say this isn't even half of what
I have in the basement I hope that you
guys are having the greatest day man I
hope that whatever's bothering you right
now in your life you're able to brush it
off right now right this second get rid
of it it ain't worth it 9 out of 10
chances you're gonna laugh about it a
couple like your past becomes laughable
at some point where you're like man I
can't believe I used to stress that
about it becomes a joke I I see a lot of
you guys saying I'd I inspire you and I
cheer you up and I make you happy but
don't think for a second that I don't
have a ton of crazy BS going on in my
life man don't believe for a second that
my life is perfect and everything is
happy don't even take that everybody
goes to crap guys it's how you handle
that crap it's how you handle that BS
that gets you through the day with a
smile man just brush it off I promise
you you will be the bigger person and
don't let nobody bother you
don't let it happen brush it off guys
you're better than come on start fresh
right now right now at this point in
this video start fresh smile start over
stop in for some gas and we're about to
get pounded guys hard real hard take my
money take it is it bad that I'm like
one of them guys that wanna chase a
storm like I want to catch a tornado on
film so bad for you guys I swear one day
I will mark my words we'll capture a
tornado on film for you guys like it's
like a goal of mine I think it's amazing
I want to see it I want to I want a
filament that's so dumb it's true that I
do you to see me and cliff were just
spinning up in the clouds and be my
passport can you guys actually imagine
chasing a tornado right now I'd be sick
look at that cloud look at the bugs on
my window all these fields nobody can
get it like it would be safe
it'd be a safe spot for a tornado right
here just this nice feel to just drop
down let me get a little picture of you
and you can leave do it one day you're
gonna see me on this vlog catching a
tornado on film dude it's gonna happen I
want to do it storm chasers hit me up I
want to do this for real look at this
just walked into a house full of family
what's up guys how was dinner sorry what
are we playing current cranium
what'd you guys do to my poor kitchen we
found the hot dogs
Brittany hurt us on the quesadillas
quesadillas you need to do the sour
cream drizzle where you water it down
and then do like little swirl sour cream
drizzle babe come on you've never seen
that I've never seen a can do that my
entire life
if you by the way that's 70 years yeah
I've never seen that in a locker room I
got this is the bang hot dog no this is
gonna be really hard
sing oh yes yeah hold tight hold tight
okay Wow
what does it look like get in trouble
question mark you get something like
this the thing
gestures you're allowed to move the clay
them yeah it says no
let's do a serpent palm tree coral how'd
you guys know see a trombone look that's
the blow it's a lady it's a dress that's
pretty good that's pretty good pick pink
I got it already it's a lady with big
hands you know all right guys we are
ending our night exactly how we started
our day and that is down here Brittany
and I crushing out some orders for you
guys I did make some progress today
though I got all that cardboard Wow all
of that all of this gone starting to
organize a little bit we're gonna get
this place back to normal
black instead of blue yeah I'm serious
light bulb situation down here so dark
basements are so dark we should put in
like real lighting like strip lights or
something I don't know is what what do
you mean lighting turn about you change
our whole upstairs oh yeah I don't know
I guess in particular with and what you
laid for me matches what they actually
that was so freakin complicated I don't
even know what you just said here's what
we're doing I fill the order she double
checks them impacts them that's it like
this guy packs the pans water bottles I
grab them put them with the order she
fills it man super easy that's what
we're doing all night guys for example
Kalyn and ordered a pack of pens and a
blue sticker so I come over here we have
all our packs of pins wrapped so I just
grab a pack put it with the order come
over here get a blue sticker and you
know what just because I'm nice I'm
gonna throw in an extra sticker right
now oh I know it's that bad that's what
happens when the owner shifts
well you got a little dude rubberband
gun yep uh-oh hey guys didn't in the
vlog last night Britt and I worked the
store downstairs for a long time fell
asleep dent in the vlog coming on here
say goodbye I say hi canes playing with
this tiny little rubber band gun gee
guys we are out of here out of here
we're gonna end the vlog right now
thanks for hanging out with us we will
see it shooting me boy alright guys that
does it for us tell us in the comments
today what you would like the next
giveaway to be I'm guessing hero
sessions tell us in the comments some
around that price range we're gonna
we're gonna keep this going every week
but keep it around that price range you
don't wanna go too much one out too
little I think this is perfect so we
love you guys we'll see you tomorrow
smile more he says she took some pro oh
my god honey you look like a sewer rat
mmm here's some batter on GC like the
starts changing
