what's up my friends we're gonna try to
give you a nice long raw vlog today kind
of if you watch yesterday's vlog we had
a toilet paper explosion in the truck
we're here dropping off tons of smile
more merchandise to the post office and
Brittany lost a really big bet to you
guys
you guys are freaking crazy with this
man look at this the smile more army is
no freaking joke guys they're filling it
up and then these are all full what are
you doing getting your hair dyed did you
lost the big this Brit told you guys if
you got 150,000 likes she would die err
err it didn't even take eighteen hours
192 bottom line is she's dying her hair
today colour I don't know in fact
actually the lady joy her said that they
might have to strip the black out first
so we'll see we're gonna see what
happens
hey nervous Thank You Lee
Chrome all right you're in the chair now
it's on it's game time you gotta sign a
release her hair so she's it's 2008
pulling tonight I have a feeling this is
gonna take a long time so I'm probably
in about okay so you're with Megan Megan
what are you gonna do this poor girl
okay well today's a corrective color
she's got all this black on here and
she's been dyeing it like that for a few
times so the best thing we can do today
is we're concerned about her health
we don't want to have to lift her in a
blonde and give her all these bright
colors and then if be all broken off we
have to cut it off so she wants her
length so is trying to take it out the
first time all right so so guys this is
gonna take some time I thought she just
come in here and like spray something on
it that's it
I didn't notice all this matte like this
is like crazy
oh man okay well it looks like I'm out
and how long do you think this will take
oh my god Wow yes like the first time I
like to take quite a bit of time so that
the longer the processes we can really
try and get it all out so for short I
have at least about two hours two and a
half hours out with you to develop I'm
out of here I'm out here I will pick you
up I'll go get some work done
okay guys I'm on the move I had no idea
it was gonna take a couple hours so I'm
gonna split get some crap done you're
coming with me and I guess when we pick
up Brittany it's just gonna be a big
surprise apparently she needs to rip all
the black out first and that could take
a while so yeah I mean it is what it is
well you guys know I have a big aquarium
in my house and it requires out in the
country you have to get salt for your
water softener the aquarium eats so much
water every month that I have to buy
tons of water softener rust removers
soap to keep it out of the fish tank
it's crazy it's probably I want to get
into it I don't want to talk about this
I guess today is gonna be the day where
I basically show you everything I
normally don't show you I'm doing the
crap that I would normally do off camera
all right guys just walked over to my
brother's factory where he actually
makes all our smile more cups in test
every single cup to make sure that they
don't leak or have any problems how is
it how is it do it actually makes the
water colder actually shameless plug nah
for real though uh we don't test every
cup I'm here a lot of you been
complaining we've been out of for some
reason blue is our most popular cup they
actually make all our cups right here
and as you can see they look good man
all right while I'm here I wanna I want
to make something clear how do you guys
send me pictures on Twitter or whatever
that you're buying our rope at wood rope
make sure that when you buy it
ours will always say made in the USA and
it'll always say atw ood there are some
companies out there that try to copy the
name
and so it sucks when you guys send me
that you bought our rope but it's not
our rope
I just ran home you got all over your
nose
what is that jello hey you want to help
me unload this truck you see if I run
out of water softener salt it's full
right now I got this tiny little
softener that's probably the actual
problem if I run out of salt these di
units get clogged with rust and iron and
different deposits in my well water
causing me to replace these constantly
for my fish aquarium these are $25 a
piece every time I let this little thing
run out that requires me to buy a lot of
salt all right guys we are fully stocked
back on cups every kind of cup I think
so happy and I apologize they had
machine issues and different things that
I just couldn't get the cups any quicker
and for some reason you guys really like
the blue ones we're always out of wounds
all right let's go hi guys we are off to
go get Brittany it's been about three
hours actually I don't know what to
expect I don't know if they just
stripped on the black house and they can
die another day I don't know what to
expect so we're going in together see
what happened let's see what Brittany
did I have absolutely no idea
hey what's up I don't know just take it
all the blackout does that like closer
to a real hair color nice it don't even
look like you oh my god yeah you are
wearing away aren't you
I know we needed like a like crazy
he says she took some pro oh my god
honey you look like a sewer rat and well
here's something better
why don't you see like the starts
changing yes like just the deep earth or
that and look at that okay so I know
everyone was expecting something crazy
but apparently so she's been dining here
black for five plus years it takes a
long time and they did strip got it
looks there you can see a lot of colors
geez I've been that long yeah like I
Kamla it doesn't even look like it I
mean it is it is brown now but it's like
mixed but the camera really doesn't do
it justice it looks nice but it's not
like a drastic change at all
I don't think I do it looks nice to me
it's a huge change this bird is very
determined to get whatever is in that
Bush get it little dude get it little
dude oh come on come on ah Joe Joe Joe
okay let me let me see this in the Sun
oh yeah it's light holy cow it is
totally lighter I don't know how I feel
about what do you guys think we just
think be honest it looks nice I don't
think they wanted it brown and curly she
said we could go to blah blah no way she
said you could made a stop for some
quick food and I tell you I'm kind of
bummed that this camera doesn't sure I
mean yet does it does it does huge meal
by the way Roman bloody meee she's on a
diet
now we're just sharing a sharing a stake
today like little kids to eat like
little kids
I feel like come with somebody else is
that bad yeah like Britney we put that
meat in your mouth
we're having fun we got a sitter today
so we're like out what can we do like
what do we do with the day baseball can
we make it yeah I wanna I want to ask
you uh you couples out there do you guys
sit beside each other at the restaurant
or do you sit across from each other I'm
a cross kind of guy although when we
first started dating I always sat with
you but I got tired of eating your elbow
it's always like elbows in your face I
don't know it's just music kind of look
like it might rain
you really know it's like nice but maybe
not that made me dizzy
it's d9g its favorite time of day what
excited you going out someone new and
different
oh my yeah and if you'd ever said it
tickets I got a couple couple to Cheers
best orange juice I've ever had are you
gonna how fast do you think you can
throw where the I think with the oldest
people online better playing this
what another they're probably just not
hitting the speeds
oh you think you can beat him you gotta
beat the kids Oh God you got this come
on scoot up twenty-eight
three
ding I was like what you just get up
there
look how accurate every time it's
perfect
oh look a gun
you caught it so fast swirl it up I'm a
kid again
I never go home
it's not even on your nose let's cool
you down it's so hot
best part about all these games on the
junk there and snatch drinks you name it
good stuff
I got a drive tonight so I'm gonna eat
responsible ran told the mascots would
come down to find us with a champ find
us because we move seats go get a
picture yeah yeah
did you get it let me see section five
oh that's a good picture is it it's
awesome I love this guy
so we're out of there this is actually
kind of cool because even if you don't
pay to watch the game you can watch it
from here you don't ever have to pay to
watch baseball again
that's cool they got all these cage
windows all the way down so we didn't we
didn't stay for the whole game I don't
know who's gonna win right now it looks
like the Clippers Columbus Jeff on it
was fun it's nice it's just like kind of
relaxing it's like I don't know how to
splatter you guys know it's sports what
floor are we on
like a freaking car really you've had
too much to drink
dude the cart guy is definitely not
working today complete every single one
is completely full now everywhere you
think you can curl thirty thirty pounds
oh yeah two hands we went into that
store to buy a deck of cards and a board
game and we came out with bags of
freaking crap we did I got cereal
I'm gonna have that Wow we don't feed
him anymore so he's hungry when you're
here well thanks for letting us get some
time out it was really nice super nice
thank you we'll see you soon
yeah sooner than later you have to sleep
you guys asleep you guys asleep get my
Maul big cane hug there you go Oh guys
that is gonna do it for us tonight thank
you so much for hanging out with Britt
and I and little caters a little bit and
just joining us on our day I tried to
fill a little bit more than usual I
don't know if that's good or bad but uh
what uh question today in the comments
is what color should Brittany do her
hair once they strip all about it's
gonna take a while parently she has one
more visit and then she should be able
to diet so we'll see we'll see we'll see
we'll see
we're just gonna keep it Brown I don't
know you tell me
we love you guys so much thanks for all
the love and support I'm looking at
these vlogs
I don't even tell you to like the vlogs
and the likes have been insane well of
course a couple days ago was a bet that
you had to do but other than that even
when it's just don't you guys are just
amazing thank you for the support we
will see you tomorrow don't forget how
awesome you are smile more alright guys
here it is this is our stupid idea
tonight and actually looks really cool
during ten ten ten ten ten
oh god this sounded terrible
