what's up guys today's the promised day
I'm pulling a public prank
I had to dust my camera off we're
starting to look pretty old what's up
buddy
alex is coming I got Christian helped me
film two cameras two actually three
because we're gonna try out that new
GoPro I gotta check this thing out
freakin wicked I can just set to say
anywhere so we'll try it maybe I'll use
it maybe I want all right guys you asked
for it man look at this setup holy crap
yeah that's dumb idea so I study a triad
actually cuz I'm going to be out in
streets with a paintball gun people
don't mind people in the streets with
guns
so you guys asked for a crazy public
prank here I am and the middle broad
daylight in a public parking lot trying
to pretend like I'm shooting cars with
paintball guns
guys this is this is uh I don't know
it's funny because I'm not doing
anything wrong but it's it looks bad
like on camera it looks bad so here I am
I think after this shot we're gonna wait
for someone to pull into one of these
areas and when they come out I'm gonna
get up but it just takes forever they're
setting up cameras and after this I
think I'm moving to a private area like
an alley or I don't know this is just
crazy to me I don't like doing this in
public
it just looks there's no way to make
like this like even though it's a
paintball gun you're still holding an
object up and it looks bad I think it
looks bad I don't know if it actually
nobody said anything I've been out there
a while nobody said anything I'm just
being paranoid
I'm not even kidding I don't know how
you did that
this poor guy I just was trying to shoot
his car with his gut this gun he runs
over to get me and physics were like
totally not on your side no it wasn't
man so you thought I was shooting your
car hell yeah I was thinking I got a
good talk
gotta get to you have you ever seen
anything like it
what happened you threw me off so I'm
trying to prank you and then I see he
hits this he hits this chain and like
jumps for me but reverses and I'm like I
just I lost my whole character I was
like you're a good sport and any noticed
I wasn't paying his cars so good that
was a good I see if I could just get
reactions like that every day you are
the greatest human being on the planet
this lady oh my god what you think
what's happening I thought she was
freaking paper on my client it fixed me
up I paid it insurance on that you don't
pay insurance on that don't touch my car
I'm like we know that oh my god you
hands down
can kick my ass she can beat mine thanks
for being a good sport in the end of the
day I know you were mad but sometimes we
got make you mad make you happy enjoy
your free car wash thank you all right
guys here's the premise paintball gun
with no paintballs shooting at people's
cars it's so such a good I've almost got
beat up by one lady already and she
could clearly beat me up I think she did
a little my neck so here's the thing you
can't be shooting paintball guns out in
public too much especially in LA so
we're here in Christians alleyway right
here and we're getting ready set up and
just wait for a car to come by I'm gonna
just improperly yes so dumb
hi we're done started to paintball guns
now we have one way to go dude no not my
fault
he has let me get the paintball gun
taken why don't you stop the car
okay well we got enough footage I think
maybe three four reactions it's already
I know this one history it's ridiculous
that's what it is the guy wait do you
see the guy jumping over the chain
funniest thing I have received in so
here's what I got today
one nice gnarly scratch - I had to jump
a wall and then I got a giant blister on
my foot that's just from new shoes
without the bruised ego what do you mean
is every single time I do a break every
one's bigger than me I'm a small guy
this is sweet truck and my back hurts
if she got me in the neck
right in the weirdest spot it just feels
funny I don't know I'm such a mess
I got what I like if I'm gonna keep
doing pranks I need to hear the gym shut
the whole place down public school and I
know I get it I get it
everything looks like school stuff like
the napkins are it's a beer study good
they got a CBC plant this is a great
guys what is that oh yeah come on --ax
tell me what it is so it is I'm doing
the burger patty bacon habanero jam
peanut butter jelly it's a peanut butter
and jelly burger with bacon yeah
yeah I don't know what this is it I
don't know what this is oh it's dripping
all over your crotch
alright I've never had peanut butter and
jelly on my cheeseburger but it's really
good that the real peanuts it's got real
peanuts in it
you mentioned driving that around this
is it it's this the free bus we are
headed down to like 3rd Street it's
never gone pretty much I thought we're
going on the beach tell you ok yes go
down the beach let's do it
3rd Street let's do when we're heading
down to shoot a fun video for Alex where
basically we have public the public dare
us to do things I don't know what to
expect actually on this and I don't know
how you talked me into it beyond just
you film a video for me today so I feel
some fun hey man I don't think you guys
are gonna fit what why don't you shut me
out you know my name and they shut the
window look how close
Oh Santa Monica how are you I'm gonna
put you in my vlog okay my brother loves
you is this your brother he's a good
actor did your in the vlog you're in the
vlog you guys are awesome I can't
believe your mom let you watch my stuff
alright nobody can ever answer this when
I put them on the spot what's your
favorite video
with your life with your family like how
you communicate with your oh you like
the blogs yeah oh cool all right
put you my vlog what's up what were you
from I'm from kuwait kuwait oh man you
guys come a long way place is so busy
what is it
Wednesday night yeah Wednesday night
this is a Wednesday holy cow I actually
having a lot of fun I feel like like
back in the day when I just did stupid
stuff on camera that's pretty much what
I mean I always do stupid stuff on
camera what I mean like that's what we
do right now yeah we're just we're just
goofing off we got a mic and a camera
we're just having fun
that's pretty much it hey I see someone
let's go
yes sir how are you man yeah what's up
what's up guys and put you in the vlog
cheapos let me see let me see look at
this and really really not that exciting
right now I'm riding on this I don't
know what these things are called but
I'm really addicted to it it's a lot of
fun once you get used to it it's just
like your mind just does it meet the
Jetsons I have to fly out early morning
back to Ohio back to my little family
and I'm excited about that
not that I haven't enjoyed your time
dude I have enjoyed your time I just I
gotta go you know I mean so see ya I
hope they let me in the airport with
this alright guys I'm actually gonna end
this vlog Alex dude yeah thank you for
letting me stay with you
thank you for filming today I think we
did a very very fun video for you guys
very very classic very old-school as
promised I told you guys my next prank
would be public so I did it was really
really funny so hopefully it is you guys
yeah is that the guys I'm going to go
ahead and edit the vlog my laptops
freakin dead are y'all playin him gonna
hit the part gonna be up at like I leave
here at 6 something in the morning dude
that's I hate that I hate early mornings
I'm the worst
when I was a kid I was the early bird of
the family I was always up now
I think it's night time it's vlogging
that's changed my entire schedule it's
crazy but that's all we got hope you
guys are ready for the new prank we will
see you tomorrow back in Ohio keep a big
smile on your face you Freakonomics me
Mom one now I'm still in LA hey I want
to show you somebody yeah I want to show
you somebody yeah hang on let me take
you to him
