oh he gets a retry cuz there was
something on the track dirty track hey
hey my friends today we are trying to
figure out okay go up you don't got it
today we're trying to figure out who's
got it
who doesn't got it in the 2015 Atwood
living room oh yeah yeah so these are
the guys that have made it these guys
have not made it Oh
two for two baby we're separating the
good cars from the bad cars running out
real fast to pick up my boy we are
actually probably stupidest idea I ever
thought of we're about to have a giant
bonfire tomorrow it's been raining like
25 out of 30 days here in Ohio so
probably a really stupid idea but isn't
that what I do come up with stupid ideas
no my surprise all right let's get some
pallets my man twenty two one two two
twenty three at $5 apiece that'll be now
we're gonna have a fire this is gonna be
awesome so we are of course I just
couldn't have a regular bonfire I have
to have a big full and I'm probably
gonna get two truckloads cuz I mean what
am I going to burn a couple sticks
kind of luck out because my parents
factory always has tons of pallets
because all the shipments that come in
and out so I'm always actually able to
go get these at any time super fun for
bonfires look how fast you oh that's
pretty fast we're gonna have some fun
you ready have a big fire it's gonna be
fun we're gonna light it up boy Wow
just in time dude it just started
raining what's the odds that we can even
have a fire it's been you guys not to
tell you oh my gosh poop on a stick it's
raining again what the heck are you
doing what are you doing right now with
yourself you're sitting in a sink she
sits like this little time she's about
to go get everything we need for this
bonfire you know if this blob one
morning cover up the wood I will make
wood burning don't worry about that I
just won't stop man it's relentless
well mommy and Dale's wife decided to
leave the kids here with me and Dale
just got here so I'm gonna leave a
little bit I just made what
distant agenda
I just made some honey barbecue chicken
homemade from scratch right out of the
box out of the freezer I'm sure you guys
know my brother always brings the cool
toys he just stopped by he's actually
inside and I'm gonna steal this wise and
there leave this freaking adult Power
Wheels big wheels whatever Cisco you
totally missed the slide it's a leg
eater it's a leg eater show me how it's
done
Big B in this way
tear it up 360 is tough I've seen it
done
really I never seen no 360 before you
gotta have some speed you'd have to be
flying dude no cuz the wheels don't
reverse yeah oh yeah what you get your
bread it don't look like you got
anything we need oh my gosh look at all
this junk junk junk junk old some
strawberries okay okay this is how you
plan for a bonfire yeah this is just
preparation when you have friends come
over you got to feed them
you got to preschool learning canes
already at preschool learning man oh
look at that son yeah great magazine my
uh dude mall mall shot this yesterday
grandma I had her shooting it
okay hitting every time every single
shot yeah you're shooting high I got to
get the flame coming out of that thing
today how seventeen rounds okay guys so
the cameras on it here on the shop
I said this is how we rigged things
around here City on and since we don't
have I don't really have a blog today I
really don't um no excuses here but I
hang out with the boys while you were
gone what's the end the vlog it seems
like she just was here and then she was
here again but it was like out she went
she went with Dale's brother to get
everything for our giant bonfire
tomorrow wait aren't you Dale's brother
yeah you know it with Dale's life that's
what I said anyways last week I told you
guys I was gonna do a Q&A I didn't so I
figured right now is a really good time
since I don't have anything to entertain
you guys with so let's do it let's do it
okay I just asked you on Twitter right
now first what do you think the first
response is where are you getting
married it is but Hamid said um it said
when are you getting married that's like
the most common question actually that's
the probably the most popular comment I
do that
stupid Oh what are we in mind
how come you proposed like oh no that's
the that's the answer
what do you want you say really you know
that you better you said it like you
knew like I did whoa okay what do you
think the second question is yes I mean
you're really gonna just leave me hangin
I don't have an answer we don't think
rhenium marry is no I think I I think
that it's very possible he always tells
me all the time if he has more than two
beers he's ready to marry me mm-hmm
beers all right let's move on let's move
on guys we don't know that answer that I
wish I did
yeah me too I bet you do are we gonna
have another baby are we gonna have
another baby
really are we gonna get married do we
have to get out of it I mean technically
no but you just don't have a lot
answered the last question she's really
stuck on this for a while my little
quick here and there right now she's
she's distracting guys thanks a lot
next time next time I'm gonna post don't
ask when we get married then we can
actually have a real Q&A you just act
like there's so many things on the day
if I want to have another kid
and another kids act no are we gonna
have another baby yeah yeah I plan to I
mean it's a team effort
I mean I I think I think the real answer
is we plan to but if it happens we're
not trying not to have a baby and we're
not like out let's move on all right can
you help me out on cue we're trying
we're trying action in the next year if
not we're trying to have another baby
I'm just too embarrassed to say we
haven't had one yet that's it a big toe
for a nose or noses for toes be Kim Seto
for nose or noses for oh oh she's asking
if you'd rather have a big toe and your
nose and nose on your toes managing to
be up in my face like all your balls in
your face I can't look I can't wait we
actually went with that that's
ridiculous
nose for toes nose for tub yeah but then
you have a toe on your nose no my nose
on your toes listen I don't want a toe
alignment for my nose I don't know what
to say when was the last time you tried
something for the first time
little balls last night
Hannie she's actually talking she's like
you talking about the sauerkraut walls
we had at the restaurant last night um
yeah yeah yeah I'm proud of you for
trying new food I actually was the first
time I tried it so try anything new
today yeah you lifted all those pallets
I was like I am and like that's man
stuff like men do that yeah first I mean
answering this question is the first
time I have never answered that first
that question so technically I don't
know girl it's most guys do this girls
or guys so you feel like I'm not a
invention literally when he's on a
computer I could do anything anything in
the world he loves it I could literally
we're all guilty of it well I'm not how
much how many guys how many girlfriend
you're on your phone right and she's
talking to you you can hear you know
she's talking about how many of you are
on your phone and as soon as she's done
talking she says what did I just say I
didn't start filming this what did I
just say nine times out of ten I have no
idea what yeah yeah it's crazy these
fountains light and then when you do
think that you know what I said it's not
what I just said I'm not so bad
something about do you want toast and
you'll say just something completely
different
what are you talking about if you could
be any celebrity for one day who would
you do it's a celebrity
oh not manly man palate
can you guys give me a shout-out in the
blog who's that
call us me I'm just trying to shout out
man what is your perfect day perfect day
oh my god every day's pretty good what's
your perfect day my perfect day and you
guys have seen this many times me you
both the boys are more than pretty
Islands nothing to do but playing Sam
snorkel in the water being the Sun like
that is like picture-perfect out of a
book that's my perfect day man like that
is that's pretty yeah yeah we live in
Ohio so to go to them places where it's
sunny and beautiful are it it is it it
means something like a lot like when we
just like California it's always sunny
so you don't really appreciate that
sunshine I don't know what was your
worst haircut I wish that yeah I think
it was like sixth grade or seventh grade
everybody had the ball cut
it's like everything was shaved but your
hair was long and you could pull it back
into like honey tab yeah that's probably
my worst haircut well yeah I had all the
ponytail I was a picture yeah I had just
the one that was just like this it was
like a foot oh it was just and it bangs
but it sure it like went back then you
stopped here sounds awesome
what has been un Romans favorite
vacation since you've been together
um favorite vacation since we've been
together
holiday vacation what is it with these
are without the kids just ours since
we've been together
mine is Aruba okay uh I will say Aruba
just me and you
that was hands down my hair but as a
family I think our little trip we took a
little trip to st. Thomas we I came home
from filming one day it was late at
night and I was like booked up next
flight out to st. Thomas the islands and
we left at like 5:00 in the morning the
next day and we left like 40 that was
amazing yeah that was like really hard
to do we literally didn't leave the
beach King yeah sick he's puking on me
it was I don't know it's just like one
of them family things no st. Thomas the
room is too but uh no the st. Thomas war
zone it's like that and we didn't get
any views at all it's like right when I
started I can't drink the water when we
got there what's your biggest fear
losing you baby baby oh I just hit the
top and it scrolled all the way to the
top do you remember your first pet you
first had a midnight all that cat
Oh black every day yeah
you know what's funny my favorite risk
that was a cat named thumper he was all
black he had a white patch here he lived
he used to sleep in my crib when I was
born oh that's not safe yeah well this
was an 80s man can do whatever you want
any eighties sleep in my crib when I was
born my parents got him before I was
born
and he died when I was 21 very old
yeah I love him to death but Tommy died
he was just a mass it was it was like it
was sad but it was like we were thankful
he was finally able to quit what's that
one funny joke
you got a funny joke where the kid said
it's 21
you can't died okay wait what is this
skill you would like to learn and why
mmm
you know it's really weird I've always
want to learn how to play the piano but
I've never done it and I know I can't
play at all I don't know it's it's like
something you can do by yourself and
it's relaxing and maybe 100 like that
old gap is there any other talents I'd
like to be good like I think maybe
everybody wants to play the piano nobody
just wants to take the time to learn
it's super teet like the heart and then
people are just gifted at it some people
are just born to do it like you can't no
next question if you if you need your
own video game what would you call it
mmm and what would the game play or
floppy okay I got it it would be like no
I got this
if I had to be poor he would be like
this little Italian guy
I need have like this big black mustache
okay and kind of I think the first one
should start kind of like 2d like flat
and he should have a partner he's never
be able eg okay next question
what's the most romantic thing kya men
for you
I remember this time this is a truce
three years years ago back in our poor
days this girl I came into the house I
came into the house one night this girl
put his little floaty you know this
little like you got like a bag of them
he like a bag of them for like three
dollars like 50 candles she filled the
entire bedroom complete in the house I
love you the whole house was lit I
thought it was a house fire when I told
him that's a true story
you know the most romantic thing you've
done for me
he bought me this promise ring yeah this
range pretty cool Roman got this for me
it's a promise ring I'd like one year it
was our one-year anniversary you got me
that that's it's classy it's only six
years old six years old and still really
baby that thing's got three dime you
know how hard it was for me to buy that
I don't know what it cost but it was
$300 so much I remember you telling you
because I about crapped my pants
you spent that on that's right guys we
don't we a lot here that was fun a lot
of fun actually
yeah I mean you're getting more there's
someone I've already asked themselves
why we're still watching this and I just
I just know it Hey no no way last
question okay how did you decide Caine's
name do you want to tell them who you
stole it from you mean stole it
you stole it from the wrestler
no never knows if we got it from the
wrestler pain yeah King story I remember
dealing just his brother when they were
pregnant with Conrad that three names it
was Conrad Cain and something else he
said if you don't name your kid that you
don't name your kid Kane I'm gonna take
it and they did it they named their kid
Conrad we named her okay but I literally
tried to talk you out it put her
three-month it fits him so well no it
does but literally when I was pregnant
of telling people all we're gonna name
em Kane I can enable like blah blah blah
all right all right we gotta get going
all right it's getting late that's only
got free today
super fun day tomorrow big day it's
gonna be long we've been planning this
for a while it's gonna be big it's gonna
be you know I'm tired of hyping up flaws
it's a vlog I'm gonna I'm gonna film
what I'm doing oh wait I feel like some
artists no they're already here by the
time this is up so you can get away with
it but no no no I don't think no more
time that's not true
we love you guys if you enjoyed the Q&A
please tell us we'd love to do more we
just sometimes feel like it's so boring
for you guys I don't know tell us if you
like you a smash the thumbs up button
for us ask us more questions later
Twitter is where we post Q&A stuff so if
you want to know always follow us on
Twitter
shameless plug right there doin a Q&A
Q&A Q&A anyway I still got ear plugs in
my pocket you know what I mean it's just
yours yeah okay so we love you we'll see
you tomorrow
smile more baby hey oh my hand someone
check check check
I'm supposed to hit that thing right out
yeah aim for the little target probably
then I had to slide
