oh yeah don't really know how to start
this vlog can you help me hey guys it's
sunny my blowing up the weather worked
look at that sunshine yeah we've been
waiting for today for about I don't know
a few weeks we've been planning but all
the fireworks and I'm like shot I feel
like death I feel like I should be in
bed right now and I'm really
disappointed I'm Brittany motivated me
to get out of bed and get up and let's
go she's been working on my Boston cake
and cupcakes all night and this morning
she's been working so it's oh I feel
awful if we didn't Gus we're up and
we're gonna try to make it I'm gonna try
to turn the energy up but I feel awful
failure should be drive-ins in the
doctor
it's sweaty and cold you feel better
that's right I need food
who might get sick can you open it show
them it's that bad just so she was
driving like a maniac by the way and it
made the kit we thought it was gonna
shift but you did such a good job honey
she's turning into a woman oh did you
actually put 50 on there Brit made the
cheese but there's no lack of food oh
are you gonna put it is it like it
there's cupcakes under there - that's
for dude it explodes no all the kids to
come in
thanks man that's like a nice no I don't
want to hurt it I'll probably hurt if I
grab it I just want to pet one touch one
just one oh look at this guy
Oh touched him well the real reason I'm
here well my mom and dad showed up
we they've never got to see Todd's
floral car and Todd thinks I'm here to
party I'm actually here to fill buckets
a floral and take them home this is the
dream dream
Todd tells me to bring some rope for a
swing I'm thinking you know swing for
the kids look at this thing look at that
this is not oh my god
maybe there's something maybe there's a
snake under there I understand what
we're doing twist it
this is that Woodrow I'm saying just
rope there you go just like that that's
it why don't you get some scissors that
were there behind you videotape I'm not
know nothing about rope
we have a professional that just came in
he was gonna he's gonna do regular or
not did you notice how odd left as soon
as we started this rocket scientist dude
you should do in the highest branch
possible that way you get more swing no
you bills been drinking he pieces is
gonna scale it time on the back of the
van keep it rolling keep it rolling you
ready for this watch hey I don't know
let's go we get one of the kids I'll
test it just a couple rope guys we can
tree somewhere it's like a surfboard
it's like that the festival you find a
new little pet bird aside I didn't get
in the blog and I was eating a hot dog
that dog jumped up took it clean out of
my hands split second the whole thing
here she is what we've all been waiting
for
wait this is it this isn't it this
actually all we got
I look bigger it looks a lot bigger and
more confined area I wanna start that
for the record we all remember what
happened
dude it was warfare the whole place was
just fireworks last year fire started
shoot all right tom everybody's setting
up far away Britney and I've decided if
her cake is still in here we're gonna
give Todd a facial I hope it is she put
so much time into that it hasn't been
touched we're thinking Todd
yeah put the cake in his face oh my god
are you sure this cake is so nice
someone need a serious sneak attack I do
not want to mess this up looks like Brit
does dude that's some good face paint oh
my god it's so bright I officially feel
like death guys I feel like a real
disappointment today but I love you so
we're just gonna watch
this is Donna bright well we made it
alive nobody got injured today on the
fireworks like last year
huh
dang this place got jacked up holy I'm
ice freakin cold guys I'm chills from
head to toe sick I'm bummed we got it
yeah it's all right I'm sure you can
tell by this vlog I've been very off all
day I've been trying you want absolute
best to keep my energy level up for you
guys to keep it positive and fun but I'm
just being so real with you right now I
feel like death and just in case
hopefully this isn't the case but just
in case I'm Way too sick to vlog
tomorrow but you can't please ask me
questions either in the comments or on
Twitter for a cool Q&A I can just submit
and do Q&A blowing snot out of my nose
fun tonight baby I think this girl took
such good care of me guys oh yeah you're
like hot my face full it's lights out
guys why don't you tell me your worst
six stories
give me something to read in case I'm
sick in bed I have a story when I was 16
I got mono you don't know what mono is
sucks and my neck swelled up wait nobody
baby ever just you my neck swelled up so
big actually in my sick in my driver's
license my neck was also I wish I
started that picture but I I don't think
I do
um yeah I got chills my whole body so
yeah guys tell me some six stories that
you got and just in case you a hit us up
we love ya bring the energy for you
tomorrow hopefully we love you and we'll
see you tomorrow stop talking tomorrow
more my friends
