I hate Ohio last time I did this last
time Ohio made me do this at work so
here we go
I'm gonna do it we all have our ways
expressing how we feel about whether
this is mine
today man I'm telling it's supposed to
be a good weekend guys it's supposed to
be a big weekend fireworks
parties barbecues all over the country
and we got this crap weather done I'm
sick of it I'm about to show how I feel
me and him are gonna we're gonna have
some fun this is serious guy I know you
think I'm joking and you think I'm
always kidding around this is serious
stuff
you guys think I'm always kidding that
looks good
yeah stay strong little buddy I'm
keeping you out here are you ready mr.
camera we're about to change the weather
what happened little buddy
the bucket ding well here's our bucket
boys okay so I may have put a little bit
of fun happy stuff in there to make it
go when I shot that I heard something
fall they expect that boom it's hard to
tell on camera how big it is but it
knocks stone off my house this is the
second time a piece of stone has fallen
off my house from shooting that stuff
and if frickin breaks my deck worth it
my only guess right now is it's about to
get really sunny for the rest of the
weekend unfortunately I do get to get
ready for a real life thanks this
happened
Oh what that is it has been raining all
day all day look at this
boom I'm not 100% but I think I changed
the weather today I guess to you guys it
appears like I woke up today I made a
ridiculous sign and I blew it up with my
gun here's what I actually have it I did
do that I did do that and then I had to
get things off camera done deadlines
voiceovers for TV shows paper works for
my account and printing things for blah
blah blah just so much crowd that I
waited too long and I had to get done
today so forgive me if the vlog is a
little shy a full-length so now that I'm
all done with my crap and the day's
almost over
and everybody probably had a blast oh
look at the weather now guys if you're
making any requests I can come to your
stay and block ice we're supposed to be
nasty all night look at this
until this is two for two maybe what
they'll keep me on my toes all night so
many choices
this is Buckeye Lake my friends not a
major city at all but one place to be
with the family
lots of officers working tonight I see
drop it in the water no I get it
hang on my crap cameras up no I love it
that's cool did you Kane
let me see oh I think they've been
smeared off everybody on this leg lights
fireworks just randomly you'll see them
pop up and I guess you light and I guess
the thing to do if you live on the lake
is you light road flares we can see over
here this guy's got like a hundred of
them that's like this flare how'd you
guys like that I light you up boy I see
some big booms everywhere
okay it looks like lightning there's so
many behind them smoke Hey selecting
fireworks cool even though we had a
terrible queue uncomfortable killer
boots man so it's actually pretty late
it's 11 o'clock at night brittany has to
make a cake for our big show tomorrow
we're doing the big off fireworks show
at Todd's just like last year all right
I'll push you oh mylanta the Isle of
pure sin
how do you pick everybody that had
really good weather for the fireworks
here in Ohio you're welcome
as from me do you know that you did I
personally changed the weather today hey
you ready to get mommy
you want to go get her we're not doing
nothing gained I think we're being
invaded
Naomi on the only O'Neill knio knio knio
knio knio alright guys back home short
blog for you how was your day with your
mother god I'm so tired that's all we
got I'm actually really concerned my
throat just started slight swelling and
getting sore in the last hour really
yeah but that means it'll go away quick
yeah mom's sometimes we are celebrating
the fourth of July tomorrow it's gonna
be a big fun day better not be freaking
sick what is that that's a little beetle
what state and country you're from we're
celebrating the fourth of July tomorrow
do you celebrate it where do you live
what country would state we probably
shouldn't get into those details but we
don't know guys tell us in the comments
where you're at we love you don't forget
to smile more
