beautiful beautiful what's up my friends
speaking of beautiful it did turn nice
day it's Sunday which for us you guys
know Sunday's always family day if we
can make it family day to my dad also it
came with the sprout yeah okay cool this
is our Venus flytrap we want to get a
plan that eats bugs
time time time figure the kids like that
what's up mama nothing your dad had one
of them when you were a little like
that's why I wanted one we stab one up
in the in our old kitchen yeah and you
can touch it pet it and it would just
close up hey Kane come here did you do
that you did in yeah you didn't get
orange stuff all over the door me so you
telling me you have nothing to do with
that you should see this kids hands look
at this I put these wheels on you're
gonna ride you promise all right you
would not get on this thing yesterday so
let's see I'll put the wheels back on
it's dirtbike lessons 101 you're doing
awesome you just let go on going too
fast right now we're going running speed
good job yeah
bond to the handlebars there you go good
job nice and easy nice and easy no give
me five you did it I'm gonna eat with
that on how you gonna put food in your
mouth like that just gonna put it up
under your helmet all right I gotta see
this
some crazy food going on here tip go out
with household wings and pizza Cain Cain
once the is food through his helmet let
him try
I'm just see how difficult it is I'm
glad you did
I'll be right back this is Dale sweet
friggin go-kart that he built by himself
from scratch he willed his butt back in
what 2005 a first welding project ever
and he he literally built them it's so
awesome and I remember you building this
it I've really only done one upgrade and
that's the giant tires that had tires on
the back that size these are off and put
the big dogs on a minute
I got Todd following behind every year
he does a fish tank Todd the guy that
works on my aquarium also the guy you
guys always say
takes care of your fish tank while
you're gone he does everything I don't
touch that tank he does everything we're
going to get fireworks he does a big
once a year fourth of July no smoking Oh
guys we screwed up man you remember I
always come here there's nobody here is
busy busy yeah Kate they got food here
holy crap I'm not sure it's that time my
friends
what would you just say flame involves
anything with flaming balls shoot
flaming balls we've got to have it a lot
of dude everyone's nice oh dude this is
our showroom dude you don't make enough
money that's what you get right here
this snakes and sparklers that's what I
like this is it we're gonna check out
right there holy crap that's gonna be
good that's more like it
thanks dude always hooking it up always
hooking how are we gonna get this in
that car though you got to help me for
real
I got rope is this how you treat my van
yeah this is how you treat this is the
original white work man right here this
is it Todd bought it a while back this
is the doctor come on in check Brett my
first date in this band as always huge
shout-out to phantom for hooking us up
listen guys
phantom I hope you listening to this I
want my own smile more firework nothing
cheesy either I want a big one that
shoots big smiley faces called thus mom
I see the names of these fireworks why
not the smile more Roman Atwood smile
more I want my own listen to me call me
just left there we got a bunch of cool
stuff you guys will be with me you
taking me along on the 4th when we like
all this stuff last year was crazy
hopefully this year here's a little
smoother but they're not maybe it's fun
for you guys but doesn't just so smooth
what's up dude get your boots on what do
you mean take them these chairs in it's
his fourth third know
I don't know I just walked into a
mountain of confusion oh we found a home
for the chairs that's what you're saying
yeah these chairs they were did you tell
her we've been washing them outside all
week with the rankings nice
I see our trash pandemic hasn't changed
we uh I didn't tell you guys in the blog
either somehow whether the building
company anyone find a new account number
or anything
I guess Mia bill she can't figure out
how to get trash picked up
focus focus
here we go I cannot believe they can't
just drive in a frickin dirt bike I am
super super happy we found homes for
these I mean they're actually still nice
I just need a little cleaned up a sloppy
mix Lobster look at that sunset
yeah well it's going down so fast well
that's a whole nother it's a whole
nother stupid trees hang on we'll get a
better one up here oh it's really pretty
it looks nuts to this tent the window
go say hi to Zeus me too
come on stop by Brittany's mom we're
gonna go say hi to our puppy this is how
you know Zusi lives here dun dun dun
I don't know if I ever told you guys
this but when we had to be out in LA a
lot we needed a home / Zeus because he
wasn't getting enough attention and we
felt awful about it Britney's mom agreed
to take Zeus as long as I built a fence
on her property so we built this entire
fence and it goes all the way around her
house just for Zeus Zeus you're like
doubling in size every time I see you
dude look at your gut oh hi Paul hi bull
but I don't think we've ever told him
the story about Bo either
how's your mom end up with all the
animals when I used to work the Rope
factory you brought him to the factory
as a little puppy trying to get me to
take regardless
now she's got Bo she's got Zeus which is
a handful huh nee get down on all fours
beside him in front of him look at that
are you kidding me oh he's happy a bit
loose
drop it good boy oh he actually let Bo
take it Wow drop it drop it
you don't listen like Zeus does Zeus sit
oh he still remembers his commands sit
stay stay Oh watch out Caine it's gonna
get ugly daddy long leg see look if they
lose a leg they can grow another one get
the idea that he wants to pull their
lair we're not gonna pull their leg off
but they can grow new legs doesn't
happen immediately but that's cool right
yeah that's really cool actually
there's just no lightning bugs out
tonight buddy it's too cold eat do you
think they would come out if they wore
sweaters yeah maybe they just need some
sweaters guys we get some sweaters out
here for the bugs
all right guys while I was at the
fireworks I got these you seen this
little poppers that you throw in a pop
my dad these are like those but they're
like on crack
they're huge let me show you
but in your hair
I told you I was gonna pop no you have
to it has to make contact like a missile
so loud you know those you know those
little things you throw on pop little
white yeah these are like upgraded
they're like little sticks of TNT look
at these look at them I'm not gonna do
it yeah I want to I want to I want to
show them actually this is what they are
all you do is drop them there
he's so old all right guys we do got a
run we love you so much thanks for
watching I don't know what today's vlog
was even about it was very jumbled we
had the family over usually in the
families over I tend not to grab the
camera too much it's it's a bad habit I
should be pulling out my blood we're out
here we're getting out we got to get to
the airport in the morning and then
we're flying out for work and flying
back it's gonna be a very quick train
you're gonna fall yeah one day falling
I'm gonna go get some face paint this
week for the super face paint off face
paint store we love you guys yeah
anything it gets right now well and use
for yup there he goes that's it guys
thanks again we love you keep a big
smile on your face your awesome smile
whatever I cook for people whenever I
cook for people on the grill I take
pride on my cooking always asking how it
is what do you guys think
