hey hey guys today is different than
anything we've ever done before on a
vlog and really is it bad and we we
share our life with the world what
should we not let's just turn it off we
have reason to believe that it may be a
good time for Brittney to take of some
sort of test so you're gonna tell them
or you want me to Vinnie is gonna take a
pregnancy test today that's right she's
a little woody
we got home from vacation yesterday and
looked at the calendar and was like late
in the month and Britney has not fully
performed her monthly duties
I don't know pretty crazy pretty
exciting actually if you think about it
so we're gonna start our day with that
welcome to our world welcome to our
family and Spitzer definitely a part of
it
these new restaurants who live fancy
gadgets this isn't ours that's part of
the restaurant they give you these
things while you're here
you like it came pretty cool don't talk
to me I'm paying
Berman's always good taking them
pictures
zowie love that man from Utica alright
at least it sent me nice I'm not even
kidding when we were on our way to eat
it was pouring rain and now it's semi
sunny so we're good we're back on track
it was no he's a bubblegum eater okay so
how do you know which one to buy because
there's like a thousand of them that's
the one that said positive when you had
cane oh boy
I'm not imagine another one another one
at you yeah threes like if one comes
back positive you take another if it
comes back negative you take another if
you take another then it's like you know
you want to poke the viewers are you
pooping on me come here
what do you got in your hand I say leave
this at wood it's wood and it's yet at
would probably spent 25 minutes in the
craft section just the craft
where's that crown 64 color crown should
we get one for the sidewalk or just a
color with it's three dollars okay ready
dude I like this you guys you can point
it you are you run a race we're racing -
I got this I got this
ready set go oh no no oh he wants to
shoot alright you win you win you win
even without a shoe
don't go into the road Oh Brittany and
Caine just ran in the store and I'm just
sitting here like nervous excited
worried all at once it's like a big
thing to take in today so we'll see what
happens so Britt and I have always been
on the same page where we believe that
when we have a child and it's meant to
be right then we don't really do
anything to not know it would be great
great it would be both it would just be
a surprise don't just be a surprise
think we're just so busy to even think
about another kid
we're busy by the kid I think we're both
ready to have another kid but we're not
like you can never be ready to get in it
when it happens you become ready
there's never there's always plenty of
excuses to say no we're gonna wait out
here but you'll find out once you have
the kid that that is the right time to
have the kid and
if she is pregnant well now that were
prepared to take on another little
rascal and if she's not then we know
that it's just not the right time I know
an accurate in the mornings and it's
definitely gonna be an evening test we
may not have the action was also one
we'll find out I can't believe we're
sharing this all with you but but ten
years from now this is the footage we
want to see us so you kind of it's it's
a it's a give and take everyone know
like what most people and it's smart
most people wait to tell people they're
bringing it until you know it's far
enough along that you know it's it's
healthy you have a good chance that the
baby's coming
it's kind of risky to bring it up before
them
all right guys back home we got a bunch
of crap we had to get done
Kane we haven't even been home 24 hours
dude it looks like hurricane that's why
it's hurricane I think you all tomorrow
morning no that's right yeah you gotta
take it tonight we'll just be on your
way in
hey me Bob hey what you gonna do about
this house
last time she took one of these little
tests we ended up with this done done
my little monster match into it two
kings
oh man
these are funny times man these are
funny times to share with you guys to be
on this is crazy
hey why don't beat me up now I miss my
little cuddle bug the one that just hung
out and slept on my chest I don't think
so
this is a relaxing spot for me are you
done alright put on the table don't look
at it just put it down don't touch pee
on it
yeah actually okay I only pee on Jose
what I'm not gonna look I'll make you
love cane you want to look too I'm
pregnant
no it's not like a smiley face better
how do you know this works so nervous
three putting this on okay what we
should end it like TV show you know they
end it right here this would be the
cliffhanger it in the episode okay let's
do it let's do it alright guys I've done
this before I've looked some you know
look I'm gonna be the first you know
just look at it with me okay you ready
no let's do this this is serious this is
Family Matters not pregnant is it one
lime it's not pregnant yeah you can't
see it but that's it there's one long
I'm not pregnant it's that easy
that's that's that I mean that's that's
that's one now you gotta pick one one
test and you gotta take it in the
morning yeah a lot of people though
their symptoms to be important you guys
should know we know trust me we would
not be even at this point of taking a
test unless we didn't have real strong
beliefs it's actually pretty surprising
I'm actually a little bummed out I would
love to have another person punching and
kicking me all day yeah but I guess the
truth will be tomorrow morning they're
still they see taking on the monster
some reason for your best results
that's one take two more tomorrow but
usually that's that's pretty accurate
those things are accurate man I want to
know the guy that was like I'm gonna
make something you pee on it just tells
you if you're pregnant how many people
in that room to start laughing I don't
know maybe one of our viewers took a
pregnancy test today do never know maybe
okay guys we were gonna end it there of
course tomorrow morning we'll probably
have more of an update and you know
we'll keep you posted and just that's
all I got for you today thank you guys
for coming up and hanging out and being
a part of this crazy stuff that we go
through every day how many of you would
like to see another little Atwood
running around here in this house I
don't know if we could handle it leave
this place
just be like digging path to the kitchen
I guess would be we love you guys and if
any of you were out there took a test
today we'd love to hear your results
because you never know we can we have
enough viewers that maybe somebody did
so we love you guys thank you for
everything we will see you tomorrow
smile more
