good morning guys you're starting out
with some killer breakfast actually
Verna's requited peanut butter and jelly
for breakfast possible touch your thing
that's my thing no problem I made all
this sausage Jamaican too if you want it
okay so you and Kane are gonna get along
really well
he loves peanut butter jelly this
favorite how'd you sleep yeah yeah at
what house can you get a little creaky
at night that burns yep
breakfast is served so we got one of the
worst situations you can have in a world
full of Technology our power just went
out and normally we wouldn't know it
because the house is tied to a generator
which kicks on we've never even known
when we're out of power but today we're
like it's really quiet and the fish tank
is out which is a huge problem so it
gives us a good excuse
Vern and I are gonna hop in the GTR you
ready to launch your sucker we're gonna
hop in the GTR and go get oil for the
generator it looks like it's just
bone-dry so I'm not very good
maintenance man that's what I was gonna
say doesn't up keep his equipment one
thing weird Oh God I've never opened
this manually we can't even get out of
Dodge because there's no power my old
garage nice to have like a manual pull
switch looks like maybe that are you
ready for this I haven't seen you drive
a hundred horsepower right here dude 100
horsepower so Bernie and I are gonna
take a little drive down to the hardware
store to get some oil for the generator
perfect excuse to take him a ride in the
GTR he's never been an energy to you're
right first time awesome and he is all
vlog look at this he is ready to capture
everything I got a camera we got one two
three four yeah
it's gonna be fun give this you ready to
launch his beast let's do it
I'll put your head against the seat okay
here we go you ready yep
and put you in your seat he did his
first launch in a GTR it was a pretty
ridiculous the g-forces were
unbelievable how do you what she did it
I couldn't stop smiling like I said if I
had it I'd be in trouble today is like a
mix between fun and real-life you're low
and demands we really need to get this
service big-time cuz we don't know who
to call Ghostbusters dude today we're
getting so much resistance guys we have
so many plans and they're getting shut
down by so many things going wrong you
guys are gonna go get Noah though give
me five we're gonna run up and get
something cool for Ron to do later okay
it's gonna be some fries oh my gosh baby
that's what we needed
life's getting back to normal really
quick with power coming back on this is
so bad if the power's out normally we
have a big generator that runs it in the
generators not working we called like
every maintenance company nobody can
come out drama drama drama make a
sandwich a little bit of a rough start
today not to worry we're gonna have some
fun still get us his firm vision on
when you go I have some fun we're
actually go pick up Noah and I go off a
little bit
where's my boy hey bud how are you know
my shoes
thanks for getting how we're gonna steal
yeah come with me thank you
hey we'll be right back okay
maybe daddy will find a cool sorta came
home we're gonna go to a cool place I'll
try to find you something cool okay
you can meet the guys we're gonna hit up
the costume place actually looking for a
scary mask for Vern but the mass
selection right now is not the greatest
that's not even near October or
Halloween so yeah we can we get
something for cane that's nice how about
this guy I just wonder like these are
pride for your size cane isn't keen
isn't a total Mario mouse we're gonna
get them on Mario he's gonna love it
might be a little big but that's all
right I mean it'll go over good for us I
don't have a wheel
custom shops are always fun I'm not
gonna lie you'd probably scare me to
death
all right guys we just left the costume
shop burn has challenged me to a race
you want to race me dude scooter to
scooter we gotta go find a scooter where
we gonna find a scooter you guys Walmart
Walmart let's do it let's do it Walmart
all right so burne wants to race his
scooter versus mine and I don't
maybe that over there you can push me in
a car or nah
you're going the wrong way you need to
clean it for me
how do you work this thing oh it's on
brown it's on
so ready set go
I gotta hit the turbos feeding that's
cheating on three I'm gonna hump three
times and there we go you ready
yeah give me a head start
why are you running that's right bumper
cars now you want to play rough you want
play row we're in the glass you break
you buy
excuse me ma'am
I'm trying to shop and this guy keeps
like hitting my car he keeps hitting my
car so I'm trying to I'm trying to shop
and
can you believe that look at him take
off how are you
you didn't see a little guy on a cart
did you that way would you have a
blowout you can't lose him a handlebar
all right you want to get out of here
no you want to drive this alright see
that great cutting off a guy cut me off
yeah you better run guys got stuff in
his pockets once i mereloc you once you
grow up it was your idea your scooter
was way faster but I had power like I
could hit you harder well I was pushed
not a basket yeah the rack I was fun and
no no trick that you won't or didn't
even say anything they're probably so
used to it little burn Troyer's running
around there swirls Shawn
so never picked it out for you
are you excited we're back home ruff
you've cane his his little what is it
pull it out he can see through you want
to be Mario yeah I thought it might be a
little bigger we'll make it work that's
the only size they had I don't like
three four
that'll work just roll it up he wears
that spider-man once probably a says
don't use I can't remember Mario it's
from guardians of the galaxy you come
with any weapons
let me see ken come here come here
oh it's great man mustache fits are you
fighting yourself oh oh oh
dude just never stops that's why I'm all
battered and bruised so you guys know
our tradition lately we're taking
pictures with her guests we all sign it
and then we do a giveaway so we're about
to do ours with Vern right now if Mario
lets us we got to get permission from
Mario Mario I think he wants to be in it
just wouldn't be a trip to my house
without getting in the ball pit room
this is this is this is our highlight of
the house right here what we're trying
to get a cool photo of him stand up
Oh
direct hit I think the adults playing it
more than the kids oh they do spend a
lot of time in here what in the ball pit
Mario I know this one's really good down
here maybe just stuff at the fish tank
so we are doing our photos real quick
these are great I really like these this
one is freaking instant classic sober
came out with his team we are working on
a bigger project and he came out we're
working on that and we just hung out for
the last day and a half planning and
executing something bigger and better so
unfortunately we got to cut the trip
short you guys are gonna fly out in the
morning yeah but we've had fun goofing
off plan so what are you guys so we're
gonna Tim you know we got the normal and
it's it's like real-life Mario Kart
basically I'm not sure if it'll dry but
we're gonna try it
should we have some cushions it's not
even started yet
okay Wow
that was absolutely awesome I can't
believe we actually did that I actually
I actually thought about doing that
before you even arrived gas fumes going
through my head
we were white headed but I mean it was
fun I almost lost it on that corner of
the shelf but like when you when you
said you got fuse and you feeling funny
Kane went so I hope you guys have
enjoyed Vern stay he's gonna take off in
the Maruyama taking the airport at like
5:00 in the morning it's gonna be it's
gonna be brutal we've had a great time
Vern you are one of the most humble
awesome dudes I've met you were so
genuine and awesome and guys burn has
started a YouTube channel would mean the
world to him and I to go destroy it all
your love go get it they're actually
uploading their trip from their
perspective burns vision on that channel
so go smash it for us by the time you're
watching this the links on the top of
the description of this video and I
gotta say I wanna say thank you to Roman
for all this up so uh what do
you mean thank me you're the one that
flew here on your jumbo jet gun in your
jumbo limo there'll be a bigger one next
time alright guys that's it for us we're
gonna edit we got a lot of editing cuz
we have to get up at 4 a.m. so we're
gonna do it all now thank you guys again
please please please go smash his
YouTube channel I want to prove to these
guys your power that's the truth nobody
everybody underestimates you we love you
we'll see you tomorrow mom 1 this is the
Terminator yeah how much did they say no
it's
only weighed 32 pounds okay you really
weighed 32 pounds
how much does Kane way
