well you check to see I hit a bird you
see if it's in the grill hey guys hope
you're having an absolute perfect day
it's Mother's Day
I hope you've told your mom you love her
not just today but yesterday and
tomorrow
don't let today be an excuse to show
your mom how much you care about her I
mean she's the reason you exist why you
walked on this planet that being said
Britney is with her mom Hearn came so
she's getting some Mother's Day time no
one went to his mother's my mom's out of
town so I am here preparing for look at
this house almost spotless preparing for
10 people to arrive here at 9 a.m.
tomorrow it's right 10 this is serious
yes this is a big deal for us so
I think to like I don't know a flower
shop I want to get some like the potted
plants for our front porch for this week
just to make it look a little extra nice
and you know homey we wanted them like
forever and haven't got em so we're
going to go on in and stay and just go
out and have fun see what we can get
into I guess so we just picked Nana up
daddy
happy Mother's Day mom thank you baby
thanks for spending the day so Cain said
that he wanted corn dogs and maybe
oranges which means he wants beat up
together you get in Superman out
why are you killing zombies yes there's
so many little dirty fingerprints on
this for you as you guys know we got the
garage all cleaned out and emptied we
got the new refrigerator to fill it for
production look at this tried to get a
little bit everything Oh God which I
think it a little bit everything I just
found in this case inside so I'm gonna
add it in here somehow I want to tell
you guys what's going on I really do
trust me but I feel like in the vlog
world in this daily routine it's fun and
early things as a surprise you know what
it keeps everybody more anticipated more
excited I know it does for me when I
tell you guys I don't know it just takes
the excitement away from me too so I
like I like making it fun and surprising
hey we just got trapped under a little
rain cloud it's really exciting in blue
but it's literally just like this one
just one dark cloud were under your eyes
do you see what's in town look every
year affairs and
I have to stop by the fair you want to
ride some rides I want to do this slide
you want to slide our last time we're
gonna to go out on this slide
oh you watch tell us how Roman say you
should've been your big fan I love watch
all your videos I love all your blocks
oh crap I wasn't recording yeah just
kidding best youtuber out there your
fans are loyal I'm a loyal fan i watch
every single one of your vlogs oh my god
bro I'm gonna hit me up on Twitter see
one score babe
there's so many superman's to get the
vloggers okay in it oh there we go
ready you ready can't see oh oh oh
second one three two ready every stick
your tongue out pain you're so silly
okay so I told him we could go to the
carnival since it's in town I think
today's its last day oh I swear nothing
takes longer than power washing pretty
much if you want it to look new you have
to do every inch every single little
inch of your porch I think this looks a
lot better like this and said the other
way around
and that just feels better you guys
remember I don't know probably a month
ago we went and got our new fish from
reef systems and they're finally coming
tomorrow I think I hope so our fish are
finally coming tomorrow and hopefully
you know when we get when we get our
fish they have to be quarantined and
make sure there's nothing wrong with
them because you put one fish that's
sick in this tank and you risk losing
all of them so it's it's a it's a very
tedious process to get a good healthy
tank for a reef and we just take all
precautions so yeah time is almost time
to get new finished Brittany's not home
hot dog time do my kidding I try to act
like I don't want a hot dog because
they're bad for now how eat these things
all the time it's like I excuse to
Brittany's not up hotdogs or cereal time
I always make time for
jump I got it I got to start eating
better guys know what to say I'll tell
you what we're gonna do right now we're
gonna make a freakin masterpiece that's
right a masterpiece whoo place these
dogs open oh it's hot that's hot
all right I'm doing a bad job
mmm we're gonna flop e wieners it's good
how many you guys want hot dogs right
now oh my gosh honey in order to start
relish on there and now you guys know it
relish is little pickles that's right
now this is this is all-time low guys if
you can drink your sandwich just prior
to much stuff on it but look at that oh
my god that my friends is how you
survive on a sandwich when your wife
your mom your girlfriend is not home
so that I did
all the bad yeah
ready
okay all right first time for everything
what should be on the other side wait I
should be on the other side so I can
pull you guys
you gotta pick up the duck pick up the
talk pony any one you want
pick up one when welcome to the tender
need what you say and we got that's all
we got over here guys no stone for the
winter sale is your prize
so we finally made it for the flowers we
kind of got distracted with the mall and
the carnival hall so we're here looking
at flowers I'm gonna take a flower to my
grandma tomorrow mall and I'm gonna get
some flowers for our front porch like
for like up this I'll show you when we
get there we got our flowers in the car
mom we had a flower for Mama we're gonna
go take her flower right yeah you like
your flower grandma oh and love it good
team picked it out it's seeing Louie
yeah did you miss Louie picture be my
flower got ready say cheese cheese
cheese again I didn't get all right the
two daily vloggers reunited how'd you do
how'd she do guys better than me I just
sweated and barfed all over the place
you got some beautiful flowers bud
wha have you look like the same house
let me see this yours Keane no way what
an empire boy alright guys you remember
what this looked like at the beginning
of the week
now look very relaxing very peaceful
really really nice I hand washed it
today
did Allah I got a lot done let's play a
game of Frogger yeah ready
oh yeah he's gotta jump the knife and
he's got a drum to stick you ready so we
are now what a day
I don't know what your day was like
they're not even listening do you guys
have a good Mother's Day honey you ain't
can't get some time mm-hmm give me that
have a bite all right listen so as a kid
I think wow those are good we are
actually gonna cut the blog off as much
as I'd like to keep blogging tonight
it's still nice and early it's only 9:30
but I got I need a lot of time get this
vlog done tonight not tomorrow and be
ready to start tomorrow morning super
fresh super fun could be a new chapter
to our life tomorrow could be starting a
whole new world you ready uh-huh okay we
love you guys thanks for all of the
support and uh yeah the next few days
are gonna be really freakin cool so uh
big things big things happening we'll
see them all thanks for everything
smaller
all right Dale's got his new toy out
he's really good with these things which
is why I wasn't so nervous get you fun
