so Roman is unloading mail and I'm gonna
make him do something to get into the
truck today the door is locked
you have to shake your butt I think I
can reach girl I feel it everything
what's up guys it's Friday for us baby
beautiful Friday - it weathers
absolutely perfect
got a little sleepy containers with us
okay say hi we are we got to make one
quick stop before we go get Noah from
school and start our weekend right come
on Captain awesome
captain awesome pants dump this on
there you go okay come on in
it's absolutely gorgeous outside
got my little man hey there's our truck
I'd like to have one of those trucks
back up in my house beep-beep it's going
to come round in the store real quick
we've got a couple little problems one
one of the problems is we got ants in
our house oh yes I love ants but not in
my house so we got to find some remover
I don't know if anybody else has this
problem but every year at the same time
there's little ants find their way no
matter where we're at inside they're
smart man they got good senses hurry
this is way easier than walking around
but wonder you like this so much that's
why you always write the things you need
down because you forget account ok there
yeah we had a list and then we forget it
and then when you get to the store you
want to buy everything except what you
actually came here for that's why the
stores are designed to make you buy we
got some box fans we're about to have a
lot of guests if you watch yesterday's
vlog we're about to have a lot of
special guests at our house so we need
to get a lot of things that no no
because then everybody can see our
schedule and everything that we do and
everything that's important to us oh you
would find this aisle ha 25 and up I
guess you can get it she can't give me 5
you can get one if you want but you got
to split it with Daddy
you can split it with me yep fair deal
hey you ready go get Noah
where is he gonna sit
we sit outside on the roof no can he sit
in the back yeah okay I'll tell him sit
in the back you ready for the weekend
sorry it's a little cramped back there
but we're all set we're all set for
summer sounds good man we're all set for
summer set for summer it's the new the
new Atwood boy band he came to Noah
what's up guys were set for soon did you
enjoy this still enough on the table to
feed another child don't don't don't
don't don't see you all week get over
best sound in the world listening to my
boys scream for help
yeah guess what guys this is pretty
crazy Kane wants a peanut butter and
jelly sandwich who s it you want a
peanut butter and jelly sandwich yeah
what you want whose daddy will make a
peanut butter and jelly sandwich your
stash what you want here get the bread
out
go get the bread wait you want me to try
to use this what is uh-oh
it cuts little diner is that a dinosaur
okay let me see it's kind of smash oh
that's gonna fit here goes nothing I
don't know our bread doesn't fit too
well but here goes oh my gosh I don't
think it's cutting
whoa get off the table
cuz I said people people eat their
peanut butter dinosaur peanut butter
dinosaur that's pretty cool actually I
like that
good idea k nurse you bit his head off
okay all right okay we are going to run
over to my brothers and yeah everyone
there right now kids are already out
here Harry thought he's going crazy they
already look at chicken with my head cut
off his mommy giving us a ride in the
back of the truck
it's kind of cold I used to do this when
I was a kid so now Noah has convinced me
to take him to Owens for a couple hours
and play how do you do that like your
magic or something now I know how it
feels when I was your age I'd come home
from school on a Friday all I want to do
is spin them out with friends that's it
that's all I do
I get it I get it I love you I'll see in
a couple hours
bye yeah love you hey dude oh my figure
wet your mouth we just get over to
Dale's we're on our third Friday in a
row with rains I love it it's awesome
have a hug hey mom pizza and wings did
you guys already eat ribs ah wonder
where I get that from you guys down at
your land living the dream
what up daily what are you working on it
recharging the battery just build that
from scratch we are just goofing off
yeah three Fridays in a row with wings
and pizza it's a dream come true hey
guys I got something really important to
tell you we are at five million nine
hundred and ninety nine thousand seven
hundred and ninety five subscribers so
tonight we're gonna hit six million in
fact we're probably there it just hasn't
well you better get on it
I just thought mom made six million
accounts she's been supporting me this
whole time you know I'm gonna go get
Noah you wait here you want to go get in
with me
no let Daddy go you're having too much
fun you don't you have clothes on you
hang out with these guys I'll be right
back Oh guys I had to run out to go get
Noah been hanging out with my family and
just
fan off and we're about to 6 million
subscribers on the Frank channel and I
just can't there's no words that I can
put through this camera lens that will
express my thanks to you guys I seen it
clear as day that it's because of you
there's nothing I can say to thank you
guys enough but I see you guys doing I
see you guys tweet and I see you guys
you're phenomenal you're absolutely
unbelievable and I can never express my
true thanks so I just want to say thank
you and just know that I sincerely
sincerely thank you I love you guys it's
unbelievable what you do for me and my
family and it's a very humbling
experience at these numbers so I'm gonna
tell you something I've never ever said
in the vlog I've never made it public
I've never said it before I almost quit
YouTube 2 times I remember perfectly
saying twice I'm gonna quit YouTube and
it was it it wasn't a month after that
that I kept going that we started going
viral and
and I'm so happy that I stuck with it
you guys keep doing it a lot of things
seem discouraging man I remember saying
I'm done I'm quitting it's so hard for
me to do this I wasn't making any money
I was losing money every week for over
two years I was losing money on you to
be constantly money to do YouTube it was
really hard I also worked a full-time
factory job and I also have family to
take care of so really difficult for me
and I just some reason I kept doing I
loved it it wasn't about money and I
think that's some of my success comes
from that is that I never did it for
money money was a byproduct of doing
what I love to do so I encourage you
guys and I've said it a million times if
you got something you love to do do it
don't do it for money ever if you're
doing it for money I promise you I see
it happen every single day every day I
see people start things for money and it
fails it's hard to do
there's no passion if you drive enough
enough
thank you thank you thank you getting no
right now I'm so happy guys yeah hey we
hit six million subscribers the prank
channel are you speechless that's crazy
you know that with the pranks and the
vlogs
that's over 8 million Kane let me see
what are you wearing you look awesome
you tired no said the Wyatt notice that
there was no Wi-Fi notice that there's
no Wi-Fi so they had to play kickball
they had to actually be kids we might be
a little worn out 6 million subs we made
it six millions those who's gonna eat
them all who's that's a lot of stuff
Dale don't be stupid fun to watch you go
fix something
everybody likes the handyman I saw so
many comments about just got back home
it's pretty late actually
for how little we've done today times
just gotten so fast the house is nice
and cleaned up give the viewers a hug
with hawk where's Noah come on let's go
find Noah Gitmo oh honey I just found
out this really cool thing don't know
what it is I found out that that
sweepers not gonna put itself away all
right guys we gotta wrap this up I
noticed a weird frickin vlog for you
today and we should be going crazy and
celebrating but we got to be responsible
tonight we have a big weekend where we
are preparing to launch the new if you
watch yesterday's vlog then you know I'm
launching a new style to this channel
actually everything will stay the same
it's just gonna be more stuff on it so
we gotta prepare for that where you date
like five beds and hereby it's me
Wow we got to get like five I'm trying
to say five beds back you happen to burp
we got to get like five beds in here
tomorrow five extra beds
for all the people coming over this way
that much hot water I'm gonna get over
like three in big a shower just so I
know I got hot 100 it's true that's true
alright guys we're gonna end the vlog
think what how am I gonna make like it's
like 16 packs of bacon that's no big
deal
we can eat off the land it's gonna be
fun
it's gonna be fun let's get it started
we have stuff to do we love you guys
thank you 1000 times for all the support
we see you guys sharing it showing your
love every day I don't think it goes
unnoticed we love it we will see
tomorrow this channel is about to get
really fun so let's get through this
weekend it's gonna be a lot of work and
then starting Monday it's gonna be a lot
of fun so let me see you then
don't forget to smile boy it's so I have
something I really need to talk to you
guys about and tell you about and I want
your advice on it I think you're gonna
agree with me I think almost everyone
will agree with me this is what I want
to do
