I always knew my dad left us when I was
little what I didn't know until recently
was that he left us because my mom
stopped paying him to babysit us
I once argued with my parents where I
used the word retarded my sister has
autism and my dad lectured me on how I
basically degraded my little sister I
never felt so ashamed in my life
my mom and I can't be in a room together
for longer than two minutes without
making me have suicidal thoughts she
reminds me of how worthless I am the
first time my dad hit my mom my uncle
took us in know he and his wife fight
all the time too it feels like a domino
effect I don't want I can kind of relate
to that there's a lot of abuse in my
home when I was growing up I think it's
really prevalent especially in Hispanic
cultures where you just don't talk about
it can I just let it go but when you
think about it
you definitely go back to being that
little scared child of wanting to do
something but not knowing what to do or
how to do it I was verbally emotionally
and physically abused by my older sister
kids in school would call me a mutt I
didn't want my mom to feel upset so I
never told her I was bullied in in
school and I did not tell my parents the
half of it we all want to show your
parents that you're like strong even
when things aren't fine and it's easy to
feel that there is like something wrong
with you I think that you have to tell
someone
we did a DNA test and me and my sister
are not related kept this secret for 20
years from my parents because we don't
want to ruin a loving relationship one
of my brother's was given up for
adoption when I was 4 years old actually
I'm adopted too so when I was about nine
tennis my brother my sister and her baby
were all pushed through the adoption
process it's been about 12 years since
that like scenario has happened and it's
like I know like it hits home to me a
lot but I try not to be sad about it
because I've gained so many new
opportunities from it so I hope that
whoever submitted the secret is you know
in a good place
hey guys it's Jason from jubilee here
and we just want to say thank you once
again for watching another episode of
seeking secrets we also want to say a
big thank you to our sponsor simple
habit for those of you who may not know
simple have it as an amazing mental
wellness app that has all sorts of
guided meditations and therapies it's
just an amazing way to just to reflect
and take a breath so as we think about
secrets especially as it relates to our
family and some of the stresses that we
feel from that this is certainly another
tool that you can use I can help you in
your journey I found that simple habits
been a really incredible app for me as
well a great way for me to start my days
by doing a quick 5 minute meditation for
all of us who are watching we actually
have a special link below that if you
download the app using the link you
actually get 7 days for free of premium
guided meditation so make sure you guys
check that out but thank you guys once
again for all of your secrets that
you've submitted for watching this video
and we'll see you guys next time
