this is what it looks like to live your
dream this is also what it looks like to
live your dream it's not the sexiest
thing to witness really maybe this is a
little sexier what we do is special
we've hustled a ton to get where we are
impacting millions of lives through the
films we create but just like any other
healthy family we like to take some time
for ourselves once in a while you know
road trip to Mexico cook some way too
cheesy lasagna drink some sparkling
apple cider while bathing in a Mexican
sunset or just show off our best barking
abilities to each other
this was our first Jubilee retreat a
chance to bond as a family reflect and
clarify our vision only the beginning
tip of the iceberg alright hi I'm Jason
I'm the founder of media hello
filmmaking is a powerful thing and a lot
of what you've seen in this video up to
now is the result of some voiceovers and
video editing that makes things look a
lot sexier than they actually are the
truth is there's a lot more unsexy 'no
stan meets the eye the stuff you don't
usually see on social media or facebook
i think that I'm not overly optimistic
about the future I'm guarded about what
this could mean I don't think we're the
first of our kind to try and do
something revolutionary I know that it
takes very special people under very
special circumstances and that includes
going deeper and literally becoming a
family not just using it as a blanket
kumbaya term but really feeling into
means and family means like telling it
like it is calling you out of
if you had to watch the hours and hours
we spent discussing what our challenges
are how to serve our audience is better
what's not working about Jubilee and
calling each other out on our
you would be bored to death but that's
what our retreat really looked like most
of the time this is what it looks like
to live your dream most times we're not
in Mexico on a retreat we're working
sometimes pulling lonely all-nighters
until 7:00 a.m. and questioning if
anything we do actually has any meaning
but for these three days and two nights
we reminded ourselves of our vision and
why we do what we do to bridge people
together to challenge conventional
thinking and to inspire love on a global
scale it's a mission we've all come
together for realistically the odds of
our success are incredibly small but
still we believe our vision is something
worth fighting for and doing some unsexy
things for 10 million that 100 million
are people with stories who like you
know wanted to kill themselves or were
raped I'm like we're confused about
their sexuality right so it's like
really allow that in and not just that
is numbers but like
I know that it takes very special people
under very special circumstances and if
the very special people are Jubilee and
this is a very special time and I'm
willing to be in it a hundred percent
a hundred percent
I just really want us to like not have
gone through all this like digging deep
and sinking in and then just leave it at
an Airbnb in Mexico if we're gonna do
this like let's do it you know let's do
it one two three and then we'll say
family and four five six ready five six
remember in the beginning how I said
what we do isn't always sexy that might
be true but I never said it's not
beautiful all right this brings us to
the end of another Jubilee journalist
hugger it was that it was good taking a
look behind the scenes right on the
other side of the camera we hope you
guys enjoy that authentic take it's an
opportunity for us to show you guys
what's happening here and why we do what
we do and we hope that you're a part of
that journey
so in us why we do what we do can you
all in the comments let us know what do
you believe video ever has ever
resonated with you let us know what has
made you laugh cry like we want to know
what's happenin oh your least favorite
stuff to just Oh a very honest with us
when I start this dialogue
let me subscribe up here guys subscribe
more stuff over here to your stuff I
will see you next time
alright alright alright
