oh here come here you got some schmutz
on your face yeah what is the definition
she wants it's like you know shit
I'm Matt Shepard and we've been together
a little over a year I'm Jessica Perlman
and how would I describe our
relationship real as fuck now I'm
nervous I wasn't nervous when we first
sat down hey Matt Wow Jessica how did
you meet Matt I've actually known Matt
for over seven years
we're both recovering addicts and we run
in the same circle
we were never like tight friends or
anything like that but you know we would
see each other and we both like had this
mutual respect that always went unsaid
and I don't know there was there was
definitely like something going on
between us
I have a tiny head I had known Jessica
for several years through through our
recovery community we just had a real
fond respect for each other but um we're
at a diner with a bunch of friends and
she had commented about how at one point
she had had a she had a crush on me and
ever since I was like really what would
you say the biggest thing I've learned
is is truly how to love myself first and
how to honestly how to receive his love
because I spent um I've spent a really
long time not loving myself and it's a
really incredible thing to hold people
in a relationship together and not two
people in a relationship trying to make
themselves whole by being together I
mean it's nothing short of a miracle and
I'm not someone who ever used to believe
in miracles I think she's probably the
first person that I've like really liked
let down all my walls and so a couple
months before her and I started dating
my brother died he had killed himself
and you know I was something that I just
wanted to do by myself and I reached a
point where like I just allowed myself
to like lay with her one night and just
cry and just grieve and let her witness
it and be be there with me while I went
through that it really taught me that
I'm allowed to be open with who I am and
that it's okay to start trusting people
more
it's not heavy enough oh geez yeah it
was the first night that he really
allowed himself to cry in front of me
and I think he was just really he was
just terrified that I couldn't it was
too much and right I I said you know
give me a shunt you know try me and it's
and it scared the shit out of me you
know it scared the shit out of me I'm
pretty sure I held you I mean I let you
cry because I was pushing you away like
yeah we were fighting hard I was
starting to like push her away and she
was like let's lay down and I did I just
lay down and like i wailed I just
remember like wailing and like to have
someone witness that but it's also like
to have that realization that way you
needed someone to hold you and I never
wanted to have to need anybody and I was
huge Matt have you ever felt insecure in
your relationship with Jessica
like I have no insecurities and how much
he loves me I don't even think I have
any insecurities and how much she
believes in me I think it's all about
like my lack of clarity is as a sign of
my own weakness but I just know that it
has nothing at the end of the day
doesn't have anything to do with her
because this relationship is the thing
that honestly allows me to feel more
empowered each day because the truth is
is like we really we really have each
other's back you okay yeah are you okay
I don't have doubts about us today but
there were two specific times that I
questioned the relationship he was
trying to express himself but he was
angry they triggered the shit out of me
you know because I have PTSD and I got
really scared that that we weren't gonna
be able to move through that but I lost
all sense of that insecurity because
were humans and we're gonna fuck up in
this relationship he owns it and he
makes it right and somehow we end up
healing through that and even growing
more and more together developing more
intimacy I talked about like how I can
be insecure in the relationship and how
it has nothing to do with you but has
everything to do with mean my
insecurities and what I'm moving through
I said some shit he was asking about
when I felt insecure about the
relationship whether you wanted to be in
the relationship that's how I
interpreted Oh about what them
about if we were on the same page
mmm feeling insecure about like whether
or not I could be in the relationship
because I'm a runner you know any excuse
oh and so I used I said this evening
that we had a conflict I totally get
what yeah that was that was a big moment
we took two days I'm not talking after
that and I came back and owned up to it
and well and I kind of just told her I
was like hey I'm gonna fuck up a lot a
bit too I said it's a it's been an
experience of like both people fuck up I
think that we extend enough compassion
to each other and like we throw throw me
yeah we do throw each other a lot of
bone yeah but not because we're sitting
there being a bunch of shits to each
other because we're really not and the
things that I've learned I don't think I
could have learned if I wasn't with her
and becoming the men that I want to
become because of all the experiences
that I have with you you are key to that
growth there's a purity in you that is
so refreshing to me and I think it's
because of your dedication to being of
service I love how you love to help
people and build them up I love how much
you love God and I really love how much
you get a kick out of Universal Studios
and I love doing funny shit with you you
don't look my driving I hate your
driving
I fucking hate his driving did it that's
it that's it right I would've loved
talking about ourselves with
to everyone out there who watches these
videos thank you so much for creating
this container where we get to share all
of our awkwardness this was awesome and
terrible thank you cry here subscribe oh
my god Lister we got it we got it watch
more subscribe bye guys bye
