have you ever of course no wait have you
ever what sharnid I'm Jeannie
I've known Andrew for about a year
Andrew our relationship is built on
understanding and I couldn't ask for
anything else let's do this yeah I am
more attractive than you ok 1 2 3
what always supposed to answer yes on
that no I don't want to think I don't
know I don't want to be like that
what no it's like if I if I don't vote
for me who's gonna vote for me hmm
response to yes you are right what's
next that's doing there are things about
our friendship
I would change 1 2 3 yeah I think our
friendship is strange strangely aligned
it doesn't need an explanation
it just is but it took work right yeah I
think the turning point was when I ended
up calling you and break down yeah yeah
I think that's when I really knew that
you were human you know what I think
works about our friendship what that I
don't have to put up like a certain you
know image and like that that moment
where I was just like in breakdown
created the vulnerability though like
built the friendship and I think it's
just like letting go of like how things
are supposed to look
thank you really
I've hit my insecurities from you one
two three I think that's what built a
friendship really like just being like
love me anyways yeah in the space that
we were able to create from just talking
about raw the rawness of who we are
usually when I'm going through something
heavy I've been able to call you and
you've been able to coach me out of it
which is so important for me and I like
that you you always ask permission like
are you open to God are you open for
coaching a lot of times I've taken that
friendship for granted and I'm like
we're such close friends I could just
tell you things and that doesn't work
and it's it's almost like the closer the
friendship the more you get to be like
hey like would you like to hear what's
going on right now yeah I've expressed
how much I mean her you mean to me 1 2 3
it's I don't think you can ever like or
I can ever express how much you know
you've created an impact of my life like
I've said it before I've acknowledged
you before but really like Jeannie you
are a consistent consistent source of
joy
it's such a blessing to have you in my
life same I never knew the meaning of
like buddy but this is like at a new
level of like like family and I honestly
never thought that I would have yeah
your hands are cold they say cold hands
warm heart I've had a crush on you
before one two three yeah it's like one
thing like about male and female
relationships and I find like really
common it's like people males especially
or like I can't have a friendship with a
female like yeah females too like I I
always thought in a friendship right it
either starts with some sort of sexual
attraction in the beginning middle or
the end so maybe we're not there yet
each other's type yeah
whatever type type is what is your type
well intelligent and emotionally
intelligent being open to vulnerability
and you know what the most important
thing is like this connection
we're like like we just look at each
other and we just know what move we're
gonna make
yeah that's what I want 15 of course of
course we end on that one we're awesome
or worth lost them Oh
1 2 3 like duh like duh yeah you're
awesome you're awesome oh thanks
blossom hmm perfect in our own way yeah
of course we ended on this question
beautiful thank you so much for watching
I'm he and from Jubilee right here you
can subscribe to our Channel and down
here we got more videos for you until
next time
