I said can you work at home what's a
good set okay all right I'm Kathleen
gaseous I'm 27 my name is Dean Lucas yes
I'm 28 years old I mean with Kathleen
for five years I would describe our
marriage as a godsend and a once in a
million opportunity to be with someone
like detail oh yeah there look like a
minion no yeah beautiful minion hanging
on um it was in Barbados we both work in
a cruise ship and I was doing luggage
she was she's an entertainer and that's
where I met barbatus the most beautiful
girl I've ever seen in my life
we were working on a cruise ship and I
saw Dean DOE and I was like oh he's cute
but I got to go so then I ran off later
that night I went into the restaurant
and I saw him there in his tuxedo I just
like had tunnel vision on him and my
heart was racing I was like okay God
what are you trying to tell me like why
am I so drawn to this person I think he
said that he was like oh who's this new
girl on the ship and that he was shy
around me is that what it said the most
the most beautiful person I've ever seen
was your answer yeah oh the contract
came to an end our first year of dating
and I had to leave the ship and he had
to stay we were in London and I was so
sad because it's her time to go back to
America Dino had to work that day so he
got on the taxi with me and then he was
like I'm gonna be late for work I have
to I have to get out I said goodbye my
last goodbyes in a taxi and we were both
crying and he was just a horrible
goodbye I thought that that's gonna be
the last like time for that
like contract that I'm gonna see her I
was so sad I was just in the room like
crying and just like crushed she felt
the same way and she's like we can't say
our goodbyes like this when outside
hailed a cab got in the car and there's
still traffic get off the cab and I was
crying and running in a dress and heels
and then one of my heels broke and I was
like wow this obviously I really love
this man this is crazy so I go down I
run down the stairs I bang on the door
and I open the door and I saw her I was
like oh my gosh you're here and I just
broke down like on my knees crying and
if that's not love I don't know what it
is and I know that I'm gonna marry her
that's kind of when I realized like this
is something I'm willing to fight for
willing to lose everything in my life to
be
person so Dean DOE and I obviously met
on a cruise ship and there's this like
stigma with ship manses that it's
usually just a fling and I actually had
my boss bring me into a room when she
got out Dean DOE and I were dating and
she said I just don't think it's a good
idea on top of that when we left the
ships
Dean doe had to get a visa and he was
denied and that was like the most
devastating thing for both of us and
then we spent both of our life savings
on lawyers fees Dean doe left everything
to come to America to be with me he left
his family his language his culture he
had to quit his career he had to
basically start from scratch and I'm I
can't believe he did that for me you
only live once and I can't live without
her because when I moved back to go go
back to the Philippines after my
contract I'll be with my family and my
friends but my heart is missing
something I need to just lay it on the
line and trust this love that we have it
makes me feel like not guilty but I do
feel sad because his family is extremely
close like mine they weren't able to be
here for our wedding day and that like
that's the proof right there of his
sacrifice they understood that I'm just
doing this for love and it's hard but
it's it's all worth it
I don't know I mean everything's great
maybe just because we want to have kids
emotionally we are ready financially I
don't think we're ready so I think
that's like we we both have baby fever
every time we see children or babies but
we need to be patient and we need to be
smart about this because we want to
provide the best to our future babies
that's it if you ask me what's the
hardest thing about my career or other
aspects of my life I could like give you
a huge list but Dean dose my constant
and my my support in life I don't think
there's anything hard about being with
Dido you're the best thing that happened
to my left
you're everything you said before that
you had problems before or like you know
things of trust but I'll always be here
through thick and thin till death do us
part
I'll never leave you I'll always be here
you have a thing
I love you
we're gonna tell you what I get your
headphones off I just want to tell you
thank you for all of your sacrifices and
for turning your world upside down to be
with me and I know we talk about this a
lot but this really is like the best
part of my entire life ever and all of
the struggles that we faced we've gotten
through together and you've never once
let me down ever and you're the best
thing that's ever happened to me and
thank you for finding me thank you for
staying with me
I'm gonna kiss me thank you guys for the
free therapy session and cut thank you
for checking out another episode of both
sides in the comments below if you think
you should be in season 3 if you have a
story worth sharing let us know and
maybe we'll give you a call
in the meantime subscribe here and watch
more videos y'all know the deal
peace out
