keys sing something first in touch that
is that is the scariest birthday to you
happy birthday to you
we met at a photo shoot where I had to
get covered in pepto-bismol it would end
up looking like I was wearing a suit of
pink paint but paint is toxic so we use
pepto-bismol instead so what we met at a
photo shoot I was in a suit with a gun
and then she was covered in pepto-bismol
I was trying to be a gentleman and just
like you know keep my eyes up here and
not make her feel uncomfortable for the
photoshoot and stuff like that so I was
just trying to pick her brains and ask
her what she was into and Futurama Star
Trek and then she hits Doctor Who and I
was like oh man okay she is a nerd all
right we'll get along I have a tendency
to be too nice and get walked over and
he makes sure that I but that doesn't
happen and that I stand up for myself
and he's also just always himself and
never feels the need to be anybody else
I love you because you're one of the
sweetest and nicest people I've ever met
in my life I mean you're nice to people
I don't think deserve to be nice you
know at 2:00 when I'm emotional and
don't fit or just being over-the-top
about something you're always there too
in the center me and you just you're
that little piece of me that I didn't
realize I needed until I met you I don't
know if that's everything I was supposed
to say or not
hahaha it's a lot easier when she's not
listening he did by accident but I was
leaving for work he was you know walked
me to the door and was saying bijli for
work and then he accident I was like
okay well I love you bye and then close
the door and we both realized like I was
on one side of the door he was on the
other we both realized what's the first
time he said it and I was like what if
he didn't mean to say that I don't want
to embarrass him so I like started
walking to my car and I'm like but if he
did realize that now I feel so weird so
I'm gonna run back up so I ran back up
to my apartment all the way up the
stairs and then ran up and I was like
did you just say I love you and he's
like yes I did by accident I was like
well I love you too and then it all
worked out there she was on her way to
work and I stay in at her place just
kind of like accidentally I was like all
right I love you bye and then she left
and like as soon as she shut the door
remember being like geez why do that
weird but then yeah just like a movie
she came running right back in and just
you know kissed me real passionately and
is real sweet and made me feel better
about everything so putting on her
seatbelt I I think she gets caught up in
her own head though I think that's her
biggest struggle is just you know
wanting to make sure everybody's happy
around her and that everybody's treated
fairly so she gets kinda in her head too
much and then I have to let her know
that she's doing okay did you talk about
my um he bit dramatic sometimes he just
agrees with me no he has no idea what
we're saying
I kept trying to make plans and nothing
was ever gonna seem good enough and I
was just gonna keep postponing it until
something was perfect so I finally me
being the jerk I am
and having a really bad sense of humor I
thought April Fool's would be the best
day to do it you know what this has to
happen this is a beautiful day for it if
we post it online which we didn't so
anyways we we go up to this place called
Mount Bonnell I had previously gotten
our dog Ava a little dog tag that just
said do you want to watch cartoons with
me you know because that's one of our
big things as we watch cartoons and
we're big geeks and we get to Malba Nell
and I tell her to take a look at the new
dog tag saying do you want to watch
cartoons with me and I go well yeah I'm
bent over on one knee as a calf or
forever with me and you know she said
yes and it was pretty amazing
he picked me up he had just gotten like
a nicer button-down that I didn't
recognize he's like oh yeah I just
bought this today I was like oh nice and
we go home and he's like well I kind of
had a plan for us today I hope that's
okay and I was like okay he said we were
going hiking but he was wearing his
nicer new button-down I was like are you
sure you want to wear that hiking and
he's like oh it'll be fine I was like
something's strange
and then he goes to hug me in his heart
beating super fast and I was like I
think he's gonna propose today he asked
me to look at our dog's color and I
immediately knew I'm like that's a very
rare drew quest I think something very
specific is about to happen
he put a dog tag on our our dog's collar
that said want to watch cartoons with me
and so I look at him and I'm like wait
what and then he's like I'm sorry I
wanted something specific that I could
say do you want to watch cartoons with
me forever and then got down on one knee
and proposed with his grandmother's ring
and it was very cute he is my support
and every single way and he makes me
happy he makes me laugh he makes me take
life a little less seriously so I think
without him I would
just be lost completely for the short
version and devastated know what I would
do without you I try not to use bad
words but man it'd be scary not to have
you that is wild to think about I don't
like thinking about that now you're
making me sound like the ice queen but I
love you very much thank you guys I hope
we were abused I don't know about you
man
I feel pretty lonely right now after
watching that video forever alone
together
my fellow sense apes out there join our
cluster of being forever join our class
join our cluster joined alone my cluster
subscribe up here don't forget to
subscribe and we got more videos down
here always got more videos on risen up
and we got another video coming out a
couple of days so check out for that one
