the guy who was you know watching my
back got shot because I couldn't do my
job
we were on a rooftop part of a counter
sniper team at the time trying to spot
out enemy snipers in the middle of a
conversation
I hear gunshot and I hear whizz over my
head and hear bullet hit something
probably hit a wall or something behind
this there lousy shots so I'm just
looking for where the gunshot came from
I hear from behind me man down
so I reached back I got a handful of
blood just a horrible feeling I see one
of our security guy bleeding first I
didn't even know where he was shot at
that moment everything's just you know
panic I still keep my eyes on through my
scope trying to look for the enemy who
shot him after that first shot he's
already packed up and gone I wasn't
gonna find him I hear my spotter next to
me calling in for a medevac I'm just
still looking through my weapon I just
try to find them for me it's just
Adrenaline's pumping I hear my spotter
saying we're gonna stay here until they
get evacuated our medical vehicle was
pretty close by they came through picked
them up they rolled out this whole
process does even take five minutes and
then we call him for our evacuation I
did hear on the way back that he got
shot in the face I was just hoping maybe
it went through his cheek maybe it just
grazed him you know I'm just sitting
there praying that he makes it through a
couple hours later we get the message
saying he was ki-yay that's when you
just blank up the guy who was you know
watching my back got shot because I
couldn't do my job he loved watching
movies you always play country music
good kid
athletic play basketball a couple times
we have these packaged meals inside it
there's a lemon pound cake we just
turned 18 so we got that pound cake
we've got candles you know that was his
birthday gift told me he joined so he
could get money for college just a
couple months after that he lost his
life I actually volunteered to I scored
his body back to the states the whole
plane right back I'm just trying to
think of something to say to his family
do I have to explain the whole situation
in do they want to know in detail what's
going on I didn't I was regretting why
did I volunteer for this but it was
something I had to do when we landed and
I got out I see his family just crying
everything that I thought of that I was
gonna say on the on the flight back it
was just gone his parents are just
standing there looking at looking at the
coffin I go up to them and I don't know
what to tell them just having to stand
there and watch his family in tears all
I had was
guilt they tell him I'm sorry there's
nothing else I could say that was that
was it there's no other no other way I
could say it as parents tell me it's
okay it's not your fault
I could probably have a hundred people
tell me it's not my fault but you know I
know it is the thing that gets to me is
that I could have prevented this
if only I found the enemy first his
family wouldn't have to go through this
right now
this is a race it's a race whoever finds
someone first Oh gets to take the first
shot I still I still feel bad I still
feel guilty even though his parents
still tell me it wasn't your fault I got
a lift through that date even till now
you know I just completely put it on
myself it's been over ten years now I'm
even now I have a hard time sleeping
flashbacks nightmares I'm forgetful now
I'm always tired I feel lazy I was
scared of people finding out then I was
going through these things it's been
getting worse and worse
I have his life on my shoulders that I
have to live with that's probably one of
the biggest reasons why I haven't given
up yet I actually did speak to another
veteran you know he just suggested
getting professional help to me it was a
it looked like a sign of weakness you
know I didn't want to be that guy who
was oh you're weak you know you can't
even handle something like this the
whole military combat site were built on
mental toughness it just made me think
that I was a weak person if I actually
went and found help
you know I just took his advice actually
got an appointment to actually seek
professional help he said even I went
and got help that's when I was like you
know what I realized that I need
professional help it can't hurt to go in
to talk to someone so I just called you
know I just made an appointment and
decided to go in what got to me was what
they said after I apologized his father
asked if his son was a good soldier and
I told him he was he was one of the best
what I remember him saying was he said
thanks for thanks for taking care of my
son
until now now it brought me to tears
that's something I'll never let go
you
