kids kill kids it's not fun and so this
exercise is what we have to do because
that is our job it's a job
I don't think the natural inclination
for a human being is to want to kill
another human being there is a necessary
requirement in the military to get you
to perform a certain action and in order
for that action to occur it is my theory
that there is a part of changing the way
that you think in order to take somebody
from a human being and make it a target
so that you can achieve a goal they had
asked are the military desensitizing
soldiers are they manipulating them
mentally and I would have walked over I
would have brainwashed we chose it well
I don't know man it's just like I even
watch like the advertisements for the
military and it just seems to me the one
thing you brought up was was killing
it's no no one wants to do I know I
don't want to do I know I didn't want to
flips you yes he was use the words
desensitized
we're desensitizes and so because we
have to we have to move on I just think
that that's kind of my point though in
order to get from that spot where you
don't want to kill another human being
to where you look at it as this is just
my job but it's a choice yeah it's not
brainwashed it really just comes down to
either that guy at the end of your
muzzle or you and I want to come back
home to my family
okay yeah this is a tough one I think
that there's a point between a just war
and an unjust war there are certain wars
that you know maybe we should have gone
into it like maybe we shouldn't have
gone into Iraq right
and then there's certain wars where
World War two you know where Hitler was
advancing to pull in I think that's
definitely a just war to get into I mean
he was trying to kill Jewish people yeah
and in that case you could call it a
necessary evil there is a time that that
necessary evil has to happen and in that
you don't even maybe call it a necessary
evil it's just a necessity the action
itself has to take place as long as we
leave this on the table at war is a
necessary evil
it really just excuses almost all you
know all wars because if it's six -
what's excusable right when does it
become necessary if you really want to
see a peaceful world you have to just
get rid of that because the key word
there is it necessary necessary I don't
believe that I don't believe it's
necessary that it's the only way for to
you to obtain your objective is war do
you I thought you were disagreeing with
the evil no no no I mean well yeah war
is not evil I mean not yeah it's not
have you ever had an argument but you
had good intentions right so yeah to
speak on the word evil I don't really
agree that war equals evil as well
probable maybe not possible yes yeah
when you get humans together and find a
way to find common ground to find the
similarities rather than the differences
that's when you have a possibility at
peace and I believe that it is something
that is possible on a grand scale is it
easy maybe not but it is possible
world peace I want that to happen of
course but it's so much easier said than
done I think because just the way that
we were taught you know we all want
world peace but let's say a culture in
Africa thinks that genital mutilation is
perfectly fine are we going to be
perfectly fine with that are we going to
be able to talk them out of it I don't
really think we are because they have
their own customs their own cultures so
the only way we can kind of get them to
accept our culture is there is some sort
of violence that's dangerous
I do believe that the quantum of people
that would prefer peace to conflict is
growing and that's what gives me hope
so if it meant if I died the world would
be at peace oh yeah look I've I've had
some amazing adventures on planet earth
I've had the greatest of friends the
greatest of family seen the best
concerts seen some beautiful places if
it meant that that happened for this
place to be a-ok groovy
do it right now I had a good run I got
35 years with more than a lot I've got
more than twice yeah those ears but more
importantly I have two grandchildren and
a third one on the way yeah and and
really I had to think about it but if I
could do that and bring them world peace
let alone all the Lexi's and Charlie's
around the world that's easy and like
life is so beautiful but for me I
believe there is a life after my life
and there are many lifetimes yeah if I
had to die for world peace me versus 7
billion human beings question I
initially when I heard the question I
thought man what a dumb question and
then Steve your answer actually really
made me think yeah well actually
elicited like a really beautiful
response are you talking about your
grandchildren you know and then I'm like
I'll think a little bit more about this
question and I realized you know what if
I say I'm willing to die for peace oh
gosh what's the last time I did anything
to actually promote peace oh I'd be a
claw I'd be a really full of if I
said that I would be willing to die for
peace I wouldn't be able do you even
take the most basic steps towards
actually contributing something but
those basic those basic steps totally
matter but also living a life of purpose
is a life that's lived a moment to
moment to moment so simply you by being
you you affect people like yeah you seem
I only met you for what half an hour 45
minutes you got a good head on your
shoulders and wherever you go you leave
an imprint and that's true for all of us
I mean don't get me wrong I don't want
to die and I'd rather do those things I
I'm in a I'm in a peace group that has
met every
Friday morning since 9/11 16 years for
two hours every Friday to work on these
issues so I think really if we I
sometimes say a dollar a day and an hour
a day
yeah I know a lot of I mean not like
tons of people was you know dozen or so
people with that my closest friend to
kill was killed was his name is Chris
domain and he had a wife and kids it was
is pretty sad I've deployed seven times
now and I'm scheduled to go back out in
March for my eighth back to Afghanistan
but uh I think there was probably one or
two deployments where we didn't lose
someone I don't know if it's appropriate
what taps into your courage to keep
going back in the face of losing these
guys yeah it's a for me it's not only
just a job when I say job I think of
family I think of putting food on the
table roof over the head of my family
and then second to that or pretty much
tied for first is the guys next to you
you know which eyes go out here in LA
and really they have a future in college
or anything just we've got poor and
homeless at some points but uh join the
military I want to serve my country and
really just have some stable and has it
evolved it was now's like this big
family you're part of you're part of
something that's bigger and I don't mind
deploying because I know I'm with family
I think I'm blessed that I don't know
anybody who's died in combat so I mean
yeah I don't understand what you guys
have been through but I applaud you all
of you guys for like you said putting
food on the table cuz in my head I was
like there's so many jobs out there why
this one when you're when you're a
soldier you're you're making a sacrifice
so thank you you're welcome
yeah you know I mean I think and I think
as Americans we appreciate anybody who
makes a significant sacrifice its kind
of the ultimate sacrifice
so thank you for checking out that video
much appreciation we get to do what we
love because you all watch our videos so
if you really love us you'll continue to
keep watching videos there's more right
here that you can check out you probably
haven't seen all of them and if you
really want to just commit to us you can
subscribe right here I'll be around I'll
be at the end of some more videos and I
will keep in touch
peace
you
