that's my grandparents I think my
boyfriend's cheating on me with my
godsister
I had just transferred to a new high
school it was scary you know anybody
there I thought that was going to be my
only problem in high school for the
first time in my life I started to
experience really severe issues with my
health I had all of these scars and open
wounds on my back that I could never
reach so here I was in this new high
school with an immune system that was
just kind of falling apart on itself but
there was one person there who looked at
me and said hey you are really amazing
it would make me feel like there was
nothing wrong with me he would be with
me when I was sick you would put lotion
on my scars first three months of our
relationship I was really really happy
but after three months he started to get
possessive everyone I was talking to
made him uncomfortable it kept cutting
off people thinking one day I'll make
the right group of friends and he'll be
okay and then it started getting worse
it didn't matter if it was my shoulder
or my arm or my hands or my thighs he
had had to be touching me and I kept
making all these excuses as to why it
was okay so I kept going on like that
after about a year and a half to two
years um my family decided they wanted
to send me to the Philippines my
grandparents were over there and they
wanted me to stay with them and when I
finally told him he started crying
it got really really upset and he said
you're gonna be gone for a month why do
you have to go now why do you why do you
need to be going to the Philippines for
a month I'll be here when you come back
but please just
come back right away and I felt guilty
because I was actually really glad that
I didn't have phone service for a lot of
it because I had an excuse like I don't
I can't contact you because I'm with my
family I could just explore and be free
with my family we had taken these really
cute pictures in the Philippines my
profile picture for the last year and a
half of our relationship was a photo of
the two of us and I thought you know I
think he liked this one and I hope it's
been a year since I've changed it but
then my godsister started commenting on
it she thought it was really cute and
then my boyfriend started commenting -
this is the first time my boyfriend has
ever gone in along with a friend of mine
this is the friend I needed to have in
my life so that my relationship can be
okay the next day he told me that the
two of them had stayed up until 7:00
a.m.
webcaming with each other and just
talking and I thought it was a little
strange but it was kind of cute and then
a couple days later he told me I think
we need to wait until you come home if
we're gonna talk
I kept asking him what's going on what
happened are you okay
and he said no something's going on and
it's not a good time to talk to you so
upset like why would you just cut me out
like carefully I don't understand why
you're doing this to me it hit me that
something was going on between the two
of them and so I got angry and I
messaged him I told him what are you
doing what's going on between you two
because I don't understand and why can
you talk to her but you can't talk to me
that's my grandparents I think my
boyfriend's cheating on me with my
godsister the same boy that had been to
their 50th anniversary just a couple
months ago the guy I told them I thought
I was gonna marry I came home
he met me at my house and I had a box
ready with all of his things he was
smiling the whole time
he told me you know I love you
and
my life will never be the same because
of you but even at school my ex would
still comment on all the things about
our relationship though didn't work he
specifically told me if there's one
thing I don't miss about our
relationship I was taking care of you
when you were sick
my health hit its all-time low it was
like my body knew that he wasn't there
to take care of me anymore
my hair started coming out I didn't have
any energy to get up out of my bed
everything about me was breaking and
everyone could see it
I felt so bad because I knew it was
killing my parents but they were all I
had I woke up 3 I'm wondering I was
trying to get to the bathroom because my
skin was stinging I heard my mom crying
to my dad she was getting so expensive
we can't afford to do this forever
my dad was comforting her telling her
you know we'll find a way to pay for
things and we'll be okay and it didn't
even sound like he was convinced and I
realized if there is nobody on this
earth that I am doing any good for
anymore
and if the two people I love most I am
hurting I don't want to be here anymore
I can't had suicidal thoughts before but
this time I was sure I went to the
bathroom I took the rest of my steroids
nice knock down stairs and there was
about a quarter bottle of vodka in the
fridge that none of us had touched so I
drank that with all of my pills and I
went back upstairs to my bed and I went
to sleep I didn't want them to think it
was their fault
when and if I died in the next morning I
woke up I felt nothing and have a
stomach ache I didn't have to go to the
bathroom it was like I had never taken
the pills at all
it was the worst feeling in the world
after I brought a year I started getting
better my skin started to heal up and I
wasn't perfect I went to this one
acupuncturist who said that it was
because of my emotional state that my
body wasn't able to produce the healthy
bacteria needed to make everything
better
no it's five or six years later I still
hear his voice in the back of my head I
wish I could freak out but I'm here
you
