never have I ever kissed a girl sup sup
Kenny I'm Corey brothers of our jisu my
name is r.j. we've been brothers very
you're 18 right 18 years now that I
think about it we don't talk as much but
like we get each other alright
never have I ever made you clean up my
mess - ah yeah remember when your friend
brought home like a BB gun and we're not
a lot we weren't allowed to shoot out
the tires yeah so like I told mom
knowing that she directly anger towards
you cuz she was like oh you're the older
brother he ought to like be a role model
and stuff have you felt guilty about
that I think I should about you in
trouble but I don't know time heals all
wounds dude I said yes because I thought
you might like a literal messy room in
some ways I don't want you to take care
of my mess if I can't be a good role
model to you then like was the point of
me being your older brother
biologically I'm your older brother but
I want to be an older brother you know
never have I ever never have I ever done
something to fit in great - what what
did you do to fit in so my friend was
like who do you don't having this
kickback at my house and stuff right I
didn't know what a kickback was right so
I went anyways and I kind of like found
out while I was there I don't think of
myself as one to succumb to like peer
pressure but I did that one time and it
was it was really stupid cuz like those
aren't even like my actual friends you
know is just like a bunch of people I
met that night I know you're the older
brother but I'm still an older brother -
like our sisters I don't want to like be
open with it right all right anyone like
tell anyone of the family because I know
like stuff travels if they understand
that like it was something that you
didn't want to do then yeah but they
don't have to know I don't think I've
had something like yours I think was
just back in middle school my tight
pants oh yeah I never have I ever lied
to you
no surprise I feel like I've lied to you
and you knew it and then you lied to me
I knew it yeah I would always like come
up with some like bullshit excuse that
oh my like rising turnout or something
so I need you to drive me when I
actually just like totally forgot to ask
you I don't know I just feel like I just
try and make myself sound better than I
usually do
never have I ever been afraid of the
future 3 2 1 pretty sure everyone our
age is freaking out going into film it's
like I don't really know what to do I
know a lot of people freelance I was
talking with my friend and he told me
that the best way to get through it is
to follow the rules you have to be a
doctor or engineer or business major
right
those are like social standards for kids
like us and when he told like said that
to me I was like super paranoid when I
got into USC is like sweet I know the
direction that I'm going in but I still
have no idea like what I'm supposed to
do it's scary because like mom and dad
are investing in us so much like
everyone that I've talked to like it's
the same thing like no one has it
figured out never have I ever wanted to
tell you something but didn't to spare
your feelings I mean this is all the
same thing I know you can do better you
know that kind of thing
like there are things I wanted to tell
you but like I knew you already felt it
up until now in the longest time I
thought you had everything like sorted
out
growing up with you you're so optimistic
about everything and there is never a
time where I felt like I have to tell
you something a lot of the things I tell
you anyways it's just like it turns into
like this like joke or we just like
laugh it off and it's it well so I'm
like a role model too you know I look at
the jail
never have I ever felt like I
disappointed you what uh way ISIL in
your process I need you you told first
it's like the same thing I've been
saying like whenever mom yells at me or
whenever I feel like I'm messed up
that's when I feel like I've
disappointed you and Jalen and kina like
I just want to be this like big blanket
for you guys to like be safe in I think
when you left for college you left some
like pretty big shoes to fill
you know what I mean and they didn't
feel as like super gradual I just felt
like all these responsibilities were
dumped on me and it was like that
expectation to be you like literally
embody like your personality and
mannerisms like I don't want you to like
come back and find out like our family's
like super screwed up and stuff you know
what I mean yeah like you guys in
shambles right now yeah no I'm just
kidding we're great was that a lie hey
you guys okay yeah we're fine
are you okay are you okay I'm killing it
here yeah Omega I'm lit dude I'm just
talking about you okay more you ask the
more I'm concerned I don't like I don't
think I've talked to you as much I just
want to make sure that you're okay
TV time like here all the time I feel
like we've both felt this way we just
never like talked about it
it's like understandable like I don't
expect them to talk to me about these
kind of things we've known each other
for 18 years now so that's I can like
understand you without having to like
ask you bird yeah talk about it hey do
you want to play one more question okay
never have I ever kissed a girl surprise
there were times when like I thought
Corey's like the ladies man I don't know
how he gets all these girls he's like
the silent mysterious guy oh dude I'm
like a dudes man for the longest time
I've always wanted to he's kissed a girl
dude you are incredible look at us
coming together and watching the videos
together such a family right yo we got
more stuff for you right here if you
subscribe we got all types of stuff for
you anyways until next time peace out
