I was raped by my uncle and when I told
my family my sister left on me and call
me a liar
what broke my heart is that my parents
agreed with her
when I was 15 my 25 year old coach would
pick me up and drop me off at school or
practice I initially thought he was
being nice since we lived in the same
neighborhood but things took a turn I
never told my family about my secret my
coworker continuously harasses me and
touches me inappropriately I am too
scared to speak up about it I hate
confrontation I feel like I would be
blamed for it I was molested by my dad's
business partner for four years
I feel like if you go through this
you're gonna feel a lot of shame and
that shame is not something you deserve
but it's something that people put on
you I think it's just so unfortunate
that people like this person's molester
can still get away with it I was
sexually assaulted by a close friends
older brother when I was 10 years old I
didn't realize until years later but
deep down at the time I knew something
was wrong and I cannot stop thinking
about how different things would be if I
just spoke to someone about it
I can relate to this one because I've
I've been in some type of situation like
that and it you don't really realize
what's happening and so after you sit
back and assess the situation I've never
spoken anybody about it so I can relate
to this one a lot when I was young I was
sexually molested by a relative many
times I'm unable to speak up and
sometimes it pops back into my head from
time to time I've even tried telling
myself it wasn't real it happened when I
was around 8 and I'll be turning 18 soon
when I was 17 in high school I went
through a similar experience and I can
definitely feel what that person is
feeling and thinking confused angry sad
hurt and trapped at the same time at
least that's what I felt
I was raped when I was seven years old
by my uncle the horrible thing is is
that I fear if I tell anyone they'll
make me report it to the police I don't
want to tear my family apart I feel like
that is is such a hard choice to make no
one wants to tear their family apart but
also no one should ever have to suppress
something that serious that's traumatic
like I just said a seven-year-old should
never be
sorry a lot of times you don't even know
that it happened until later on and that
is really traumatizing extremely
traumatizing even there's so much
support in this world but when you're in
the thick of it it's really hard to see
through the fog but I hope that someday
that fog dissipates at least a little
just gosh they are definitely not alone
and they shouldn't feel alone hey guys
Jason here thank you so much for
watching it and we want to say a big
thank you to our sponsors simple habit
simple habit is a meditation app and we
thought they were amazing partner for
this series because even sometimes when
I watch these episodes I'm so struck by
how much we carry with us in our lives
and we just need a moment sometimes to
unplug and think about ourselves and
meditation is an amazing way to do that
that's why I love simple habit they've
got all these incredible meditations
specifically about different moods or
themes or things that you're thinking
about whether it's love or heartbreak or
family or work so for all of you guys
who have been watching we actually have
a special link for you that if you use
the link below you'll actually get one
week free for their premium content so
make sure you check that out once I
think you once again to all those who
have submitted secrets thank you for
trusting us in this space with all those
secrets and we'll see you guys next time
you
