the worst thing I've ever done was try
to kill myself when I was ill I didn't
want my parents to suffer through paying
my medical bills anymore man what is the
worst thing you've ever done
you
I never told my husband that the baby
isn't his that's heavy stuff just like
you have this life with someone who I
guess in who you love all of that can
mean nothing if you just tell them this
one thing by the way the kid isn't yours
terminated a pregnancy at 16 I wasn't
quite ready for a baby but I definitely
wasn't ready for an abortion
either I know just based on things I've
heard it's you know one of the hardest
things and it's something you can't just
shrug off and forget about in high
school I had sex multiple times with a
girl who I knew had a boyfriend when she
finally told him he hung himself I mean
there's a lot here the first thing that
I responded to and actually felt chills
was reading the part about hanging you
can't go to them and say I'm sorry right
so then it becomes on you to try to
understand how can you make up for this
thing that's eating out your soul I sent
a screenshot picture of my cousin's wife
cheating on him I think it was not my
place to do so good for him yeah I think
he's right as far as not his place to do
so but I think maybe he did the right
thing I made a girl fall in love with me
and never spoke to her again
I think my laughter is more just to
conceal like how much of that is really
real in my own life that's deep
yeah the worst thing I've ever done was
try to kill myself when I was ill I
didn't want my parents to suffer through
paying my medical bills anymore but I
never realized that me leaving them too
soon would be a greater price to pay for
them oh man you know I might be wrong
but I get the sense that money must have
been a huge deal in the family it must
have been something that they really
struggled with or had a lot of
attachment to for some reason or another
yeah it seems like this person was kind
of conditional about how much value they
saw in themselves based on what they
could accomplish but I just want to tell
this person like just even sharing
something like this in such an honest
way
quite literally it does change like the
world you know so iconology for being
who you are and contributing yourself
and your story to change the world
you
