I was initially attracted to you all
right
yeah all right let's do it
yeah I think rock-paper-scissors is all
right let's do it let's do once we did
one of those to be an extra okay after
that okay Rock Paper Scissors shoot wait
so does that mean I go first okay
right um mm-hmm never have I ever wanted
to go on a blind date
oh I answer as well okay never have I
ever been bullied 3 2 1
that was a really tough one for me yeah
potentially heavy but I I never feel
like I was like physically bullied or
anything never like catch people like
talking smack maybe yeah so I don't I
don't know yeah
in fourth grade was the first time that
I was like bullied for like being agents
I grew up in Ohio like pretty like
homogeneous like mostly white and like
this one kid can't do he's just like
you're a Korean butthole why why not
just call me a buck yeah yeah my dad was
always like you have to like work very
hard as a minority to like get ahead you
know like if like work twice as hard to
come out to him I mean I came out when I
was 19
you came out before I did I came out of
20 okay which like I have this weird
like guilt about him like I should've
done it sooner like should be now like
good 15 what's funny you said because I
every year like on National Coming Out
Day like everyone's like oh my god like
I came out and like you should just come
out because like your parents will love
you and like you're gonna be better for
I'm just like fuck all you fuck you gays
like absolutely not like don't its until
like I can tell ya my really stripper my
parents like ended we have not had like
the same relationship since so yeah damn
yeah I knew when we got that one that
we'd get into some shit yeah can I curse
by the way okay never have I ever kissed
a girl never have I ever kissed a girl
just a girl okay yeah we had to do what
we had to do at the time you're
surrounded by all these members of a
club that are like you're doing that I'm
doing that too you're doing it I'm doing
it so you're finally just like cool yeah
I'll do it too and then you're like fuck
is that I have
friend that later actually came out to
me but really wanted to like try to turn
me straight so to like forced me out
like a frat party to have a foursome
with three girls and I was just like I'm
not feeling it I'm not feeling it
never have I ever wanted to have a kid
yeah I don't really want I don't know
wait that's you did want to have a kid
oh I hope everyone has been as bad with
it I know I am not sure I want one
necessarily at times like they're just
so expensive as the main thing I didn't
want a kid for the longest time and this
is this is very egotistical okay I don't
want to adopt because I don't want like
a dumb kid I don't want why would the
kid be done just because he's adopted I
feel like I know it's kind of straight
straight smart adopted people I think I
am the smartest person in America and
like my children are gonna be wow this
is so problematic for me but I get it I
think yeah we could end there yeah
never have I ever made a sex tape you
have it was like the worst experience
ever Lee like no one wants to see that
I'd like to think I'd forget that I was
filming cuz that's how I'd want to do it
it's like forget about the camera don't
make it about the camera that's when it
would be fun I think it's feel like oh
we look like that yeah I imagine a very
humanizing experience to see that and
it's like god I think it was filmed on
my computer well here it is
no we haven't here for you
oh it says 'bonus okay I was initially
attracted to you alright yeah alright
let's do it yeah okay I should have done
maybe that was my impulse so yeah okay
cool good speak why why was it
absolutely the setup was just strange
like it's like I walked in here there
was no one to there's no one to greet me
like I was walking around I didn't know
that so that affected my level of
attractiveness in the moment well it was
just because I was just like I made me
an eight instead of a ten yeah I made
you it made you it yes exactly
yeah I thought you were crew member and
generally boys do general thing crew
dudes are just straight so it's like
yeah he's cute but I could tell by the
fit of your shirt and your haircut that
maybe you were gay too so I was like
okay like I'm attracted but also I don't
know if this is even on the menu this is
maybe too real but like I like no longer
put the effort in to like put myself out
there for white people cool because you
don't have because I mean like in three
times last week I was just like just
talking to someone on an app like oh you
have another picture I just had like and
I was like yeah so I'll it's like send
another picture like and he's like oh
you're more Asian than I thought you
were and then just blocked me out of a
hundred matches three out of the hundred
will be white people and I won't like
discriminate like I will swipe if I'm
like oh this is cute look at you the
first time I was just like okay this
person is like a nice attractive person
but like I already can't put stock in
this because like my just because this
boats like not interested in this boat
yeah I've kind of picked up on that like
if I'm on certain apps or whatever I'll
see an Asian profile and I noticed that
a lot of them they don't have their face
up front a lot of the times and I am
white but my mom's Cuban there you go so
I have flate like I've got flavor I
could dance and shit but I pass his
white so I hear you I will still hold
that mantle
yeah
bonus I would like to go on a second
date I've figured it would read a little
more beautifully all right one two three
okay cool okay yeah if I can like have a
conversation with somebody than like I'm
always like willing to go on a second
date with them some decent I scraped the
bearson yeah yeah you're here thank you
you're here cool
all right you're getting a hard maybe
for me
and um yeah because I so I like our
conversation and I want to hang out with
you maybe more
platonically we also have things that
aren't in common you know yeah but I
want to hang I'm gonna hang yeah I'm a
Kiki
it's those weird things were some of the
questions or things that you don't
really talk about on a first day totally
so yeah because like cuz I still don't
know anything about your family or like
oh yeah that's yes I only know like your
deep like I don't think like and like
romantic guys you're saying that takes a
while Ashley
