never have I ever thought about having
kids with you
gosh I wish we had time I'm Wayne living
I'm amber DeLong gonna go first
No hey never have I ever pretended I was
sleeping so you wouldn't bother me
I've gotta think oh I've ever done that
before
one you're really surprised about that
yeah come on for an hour I'm going to
sleep wow you're surprised about never
have I ever wished that I had been
raised differently 3 2 1
yeah of course yeah always but then and
then had we we wouldn't be here right
now that's right but it definitely makes
you think as a child and looking back on
your past and have those limits like
what if what if I think you have to
Vista right yeah what if I had two
parents what if my dad hadn't died and
what does my mom hadn't been cold and
hard and not be mmm what if my fault
I had my father in my life what if my
mother was in my life and my
grandparents didn't use me what if I
didn't choose this path I chose that we
were just talking to my brother about
that today so I'm happy for how your
lifeline so that we can be together now
ha
never have I ever done something to fit
in 3 do well
not reading that lately but for a long
time ya know well listen if I cared
about what other people thought I was
doing I wouldn't have gotten out of my
35 year marriage
hmm yeah just becoming more of an
individual loving myself more allowed me
to not want to fit into a role or fit
into this confines that society puts us
in I mean even just shaving my hair and
saying screw you beauty concepts you
know link yeah when I got okay I get rid
of my braids I never have I ever wanted
to live in another country 3 2 1
that's right that's very moving a volley
in a month we're bouncing to Bali yeah
of course it's time to get out of here
and all over the world to get to our
massages with a good tip for $14 yeah
let's go
no never have I ever lied to you
intentionally is that like what it means
or just push the buttons and then we'll
find out you have I mean we have what I
was thinking is just in terms of you
know what's going on nothing uh and
they're not telling you something hmm I
mean I'm just thinking about you know
lying cheating stealing all the things
that I've done in my life and like how
toxic it was and negative and now it's
just so clear and not like that I can
just say anything to you and do you hear
me and you support me in it but I guess
we've lied to each other that's the
answer is great never ever ever said I
love you to someone without meaning it
one
Oh No Lake never ever done it I don't
think I really like being in situations
where it's expected or you received it
it's like I don't return that stuff
unless I feel it yeah and I feel like I
love everyone so it's like I won't even
tell you I love you when you're not in
the mood we all feel it but you always
love me I always leave but I'm not
always feeling like and I know right I
always love you
I'm like what you stand over here just
be patient get it yeah well okay you
never have I ever wondered how I would
die 3 2 1 too bad on one on one
afterwards okay yeah of course how you
need a babe hopefully in your arms Oh
forgive me that I just passed together
it's a beautiful way we can't pass
together why cuz you got a lot more
years after me I am a kid yeah we can't
do that um I definitely would love for
it to be peaceful and surrounded by my
friends and family and like have a party
after never have I ever been
disappointed in you know I can't be
disappointed in you I know you I mean I
get frustrated and irritated and annoyed
and angry and intolerant and upset with
you I've never disappointed never have I
ever felt unlovable oh I did it again
yeah there is the hot half of my life I
felt unlovable and then I started to
love myself we go rarely these days
because you've showered me with so much
love and helped me to love myself
you really have I mean you've
transformed me a year and a half
unrecognizable my life is unrecognizable
never have I ever never have I ever
thought about having kids with you
gosh I wish we had time but maybe next
week thanks for coming thanks for
playing yeah i but not because
necessarily I went to birth a child in
this world right now because we could
totally birth an awesome beam but I
don't feel like the call for I think
we're birthing projects and I feel good
about it also we really just can't do
that
oh you mean well I have had a couple
kids have I thought about having kids
with you yeah of course I have mm-hmm
there's so much time we don't have to
figure that and there are lots of
children who so many children need to be
adopted so if it came to that I mean you
know I love babies I mean you know I
love babies and puppies let's just adopt
a lot of puppies Bobby it bothered weird
barking crazy dogs involving yet I'm so
ready to be on a scooter in the rain
with you okay
I know this table and I was never really
nervous
I felt really you're grounded and good
yeah that's cause you're professional
thank you like this these are sensitive
questions and like it just shows us it
shows me at least how much work we're
doing and how vulnerable and open and
honest
and so that just feels really good the
work works it works if you work it oh
yeah what are you doing subscribe and if
you haven't done that go ahead and check
out the rest of our videos after you do
that you'll definitely want to subscribe
but seriously get out here what are you
doing what was I doing down there
