but the point the question I'm asking
though is how do you take 11 million
people and make them leave the president
Trump is increasing the number of
immigration enforcement officers who
conduct deportations when Mexico sends
its people they're not sending their
best they're sending people that have
lots of problems my name is Tamara
Rodriguez wait full name
Tamara Sofia Rodriguez met and I'm from
Monterrey Mexico
I grew up with a big family we tend to
have everything rotated towards family
towards food towards that sense of
community I think the the traditions and
the values are what I really love about
my country and my mom was an artist and
I just had this sense of I want to be an
artist
thankfully things pushed me to the US
but I mean I'm not against staying in
Mexico it was just me seeking that
respect and that kind of acknowledgement
of I want to be seen not only as a good
actress or a good I want to be
inspirational I want to be innovative I
want to push boundaries and to do that
in a country like Mexico you have to
come from the biggest stage of the world
which is basically the u.s.
I feel pretty oh so pretty
I feel pretty within bright and IPT
helices me too there was always this
fear of like don't work don't do
anything because the immigration office
is gonna come and take your visa way I'm
coming here to study I'm coming here to
be a better person how can you think I'm
gonna be a bad person
this is how they view me this is like I
am a second citizen and not even a
citizen or a human for them I'm just an
alien and I got pulled once and I did it
have a panic attack and the guy just
came over and he was like you're okay
but I was so afraid I was so afraid that
I was gonna be pulled and deported and
in having you know everything that I
worked for taken away it's obviously
very frightening and extremely
terrifying a daily day and I think I
live with it and that's why I push
myself a lot and I overwork I mean the
struggle of being here has given me so
much material to work with immigration
is like all these problems that come and
come and come and come I'm just using my
creative and my intuition and my ability
to see the world differently to address
it and to kind of like okay I'm gonna
find a solution and my solutions are
okay it can't work in the normal job so
what can I do I'm gonna make up my own
art
so change there's a lot of Americans
here that are bringing drugs they're
bringing crime they're rapists and some
I assume are good people
Mexicans are not here just you be
terrorists or to be whatever they call
us you know we're here to to work harder
than most to put step not lie even to
you know build bridges and it's just I
just see so many people seriously so
many people that are so very treated
none of the people who do wrong it's the
people who watch the wrong and don't do
anything and I can't watch anymore I
have to do something to do make sure
that you know we're not mistreated as
immigrants and that we are building up a
country that's falling apart and
everyone has a dream and it's valid and
if your dream is to be in the US
freaking give them that dream
if you're an immigrant out there and
you're suffering and you want to just
let it out I invite you to just sing a
song that makes you happy and dance out
because no one can take that away from
you that's why I sing in I dance because
it's my soul being free and no one can
ever take that away from me
you
