everything I could avoid saying like I
love you I said it thank you yes
you you know what you know you know I am
tre Baxter and I am 24 years old
I'm cleaner Cordova and I'm twenty-one
two years whoo we're on top of things
Wow I can't hear anything
yeah she's groovin I don't know what
story she'll tell you but we actually
met on tinder what do you know I know I
know and sure enough I get a message I
get a match and it's this gorgeous girl
I'm glad she said hey do you want to
just like go get a pizza I know an
awesome Italian restaurant and I was
just like yeah I do want to get pizza
and go to an Italian restaurant with you
so that same night just a couple hours
later I told my friends like they're
like hey you wanna hang out like no I
have a date can't hear you you're good
you could take them off so my friend had
come over that evening and made me a
tinder account I had one for one night
and and I met him it was like well he's
very attractive I'd like to talk to him
and then I asked him to go meet me at
this like Italian restaurant that I
pretended to know it closed like in a
half an hour and we didn't want you know
the date to end so we went to another
place that was open for another hour and
then that closed and we still wanted to
hang out so he went to another place
that was open 24 hours so we had all the
time in the world first thing I noticed
was her eyes like her eyes popped out
she just was so gorgeous I couldn't help
but stare at her my first impression was
that he he had so much like enthusiasm I
got there five minutes late like girl
why but I was like so sorry I'm late
hey oh my god I'm so sorry I'm two
minutes late like but yeah I just
remember you like bolting it's okay
please the moment I realized she was
different I wanted to date this person
was she was going on a week-long
vacation I prepared myself I was like
okay she's gonna be gone so just let her
go don't mess adjourned don't be
annoying and so that whole entire time I
could not stop thinking about her
towards the end of her vacation she's
messaged me it's really weird I miss you
after just hanging out with her four
days in a row she's sent me that message
I was just like okay that means
something I think the hardest biggest
one for me was when we first started
dating because she's very goal-oriented
and she's very much about her career she
thought at first that being in a
relationship would be kind of hard and
distract her from it and so she just
kind of needed to take time for herself
to focus on herself in her life and what
she wanted she wanted to keep talking to
me in this time that we were broken up
for about the mother - she kept calling
me and it put me in a very confused
state and I started to get really upset
I think the biggest one was a total game
changer for me because it made me
realize how much I wanted to be with him
but I remember how I felt during this
fight and he left I stayed in the
apartment and I was going crazy because
he shed his phone off and I couldn't
talk to him and I had no idea and I'd
stayed up that whole night waiting for
him to come home and and he did and he
came home with coffee I didn't want to
say anything I just wanted to apologize
that was that was I think the biggest
fight your ears are sweating me I said I
look first okay this is how I said I
said I literally said hypothetically if
I said I love you how would you feel oh
yeah he is extremely romantic he's like
one of those hopelessly romantic kind of
guys and I was and still am the girl
that doesn't like cheesy things we were
lying on his car you said I love you and
I remember saying like just a blur of
words kind of him like thing like
everything I could avoid saying like I
love you I said it thank you yes you you
know what you know you know I was not
ready or I was unsure I didn't know what
the I love you could bring about so I
just kept it at you know I chose you cuz
it just felt right it felt like I felt
like it was very much supposed to happen
and I have never felt happiness like I
do with you I I have never ever been
happier I know it's because he I feel
like is just such a rare person to come
across in general just in your life I
think out of out of everyone I just like
I love being with him because it's true
and and I think that like he keeps me
like just loving life all the time
I've grown up massively after meeting
her because of her if she snapped me out
of a lot of things and so I have grown
up massively matured hell of a lot and I
would not be that mature or grown up if
I had not met her no I told her
everything and literally tell her
everything
yes good no I don't think there's
anything that we haven't talked about oh
do you have anything yeah love you too
hmm thank you man that's fun whoa
you
