halfway through I was kind of concerned
this is so big to fill interests this
short amount of time
hi my name is Haven aq I'm a caricature
artist I didn't come up in the
caricature world the traditional way
that most do like going to illustration
school I met a guy that was like the
prison style artist like a cholo style
artist he was in homes you should draw
portraits to make money and he was right
I started drawing people's portrait I
started opening doors for myself in that
world by doing things that spot right
there I go like hey I've been a
professional artist for about 15 years
and I own an art school here in Los
Angeles a lot of my foundations came
from wanting to be able to express these
faces these people in a way that no one
else does and they can never be
reproduced I want them to be beautiful
and mean something any motive I'm super
excited to meet the other artists cuz I
heard his style is different than mine
but just slightly nervous because I've
never done anything like this before so
so what do you do I do mostly of
traditional style oil paintings a lot of
portrayal about you oh you do amazing
stuff like fancy stuff no I do what I do
the crude simple and understand I do
like cartooning I admire you so excited
yeah I really want to see it so there's
gonna be a few pieces I bring in so I
drew this in free of UFC 229 over the
weekend I was there stuff like this is
like there's no plan this is amazing my
Styles a little more like analytical a
little more mathematical and his is like
very very cool it's very different
this is so big to fill in just this
short amount of time yeah I don't know
we're gonna have a subject and have to
create a composition which usually
something like that you'd maybe spend a
week on it and like really think about
the portrait and lay it out
did I mention this can my girlfriend be
the subject do you got reference photos
ever nice to meet you thank you for
coming and then what are you thinking
four legs like caricature wise like a
caricature I mean that's your job cuz
you're yeah I'll do her okay you'll put
inlaid in the face but I will paint in
those like little sections that make it
you know life or whatever yeah usually
when I'm painting I'm thinking here's
the head and I just worked my way down
and he's saying okay well we would need
more gusto here in this section cuz it's
too top-heavy or you know and it's so
interesting how his mind thinks of these
things very different but we're powering
through things okay I'm gonna start
putting the hair okay okay
usually I'm very careful with every
single mark that I lay I step back every
every mark that I make and in this case
it's been kind of refreshing to be a
little bit more loosen up and relaxed I
just put the marks down and I trust that
they'll fit in the drawing that was
already created
that is so cool
halfway through I was kind of kind of
concerned honestly because our styles
are way different but once you pass a
certain point you start getting more
comfortable with getting loose and it's
kind of its kind of all about working
through that especially when you're
working with somebody who never worked
I made a lot of character artists in
their jaded and she's actually I could
tell she likes what she does
we both love what we do and I think it's
showing oh this is K I'm Haven and we
both do very different types of art we
had like four to five hours which is
unheard of so are you guys ready to see
it yes
true fusion it's not like half is one
way huh it's like the whole thing is
it's very graphic no like hearted until
you get right here and then it's like
you're looking and the hair the main
thing I was concerned about was that our
Styles we're gonna clash and we kind of
just went with it I think we both
learned this you gotta trust yourself
he's his illustration sounds so cool
it's so robust and he speaks a lot about
like the volume of everything he draws
very impressive it's really fun the epic
smile you got back it for me oh my gosh
I'm so cute
I think that
