put them like I was just kind of sitting
the stall and I'm like it's anyone out
there haha the first time I got my
period I was in fourth grade elementary
school I think it was sometime around
middle school it was like summer before
sixth grade I was at a sleepover at my
friend's house I remember going to the
bathroom my stomach was hurting and I
didn't I didn't think anything of it I
thought it was something I ate I pulled
my pants down and I was like oh my gosh
wait a minute
something's weird and it's not poop shit
I don't know what to do because I wasn't
prepared with any pads or tampons or
anything like do I put the underwear
back on do I like free ball it up to my
parents like I need to call my mom and
my mom wasn't answering issues that
works I could call my dad and my dad was
like what's going on with the program
are you okay and then when I got home
and told her she just kind of laughed at
me and was like oh yeah but she got
really excited she's like you're
blossoming like if I had to explain to a
guy what it's like to get a period I
would tell them it's very painful your
body is going through all these changes
and you can't control like anything feel
like you just have a leaky faucet it's
so much cramping in here and you don't
want to move
feel Moody and they crave a million
things and you just cry and you don't
know what the hell's wrong yeah it's not
it's not fun but you know it's part of
being a woman so you just you just take
it and you just roll with it
yeah I mean you know if you look at the
nitty gritty reality of it like your
body is preparing for a guest
my mom explained it to me like you build
a house in your body when you reach a
certain age and that house is spread
like a baby to come and then every month
if a baby doesn't come then your house
breaks down and everything like flushes
out I've missed some guys who are like
you that's gross right I wish that they
learn how to see periods as something
that's normal and it's part of just the
process of being a woman I think it's a
natural beautiful thing that we should
probably all accept and not make some
taboo so that'd be good no it sucks but
I don't know it's not ideal hey guys
this is Jason room jewbilee here I just
want to say thank you so much for
watching we hope you enjoyed it and
learned something maybe I certainly did
make sure you click here to subscribe to
jewbilee and also click here to watch
more of our amazing content we'll see
you guys next time
thank you
