when I'm just sitting still in my home
or in my car or even at a venue even at
an event I can hear the music just fine
but once I started moving and there's
all this motion and my equilibria has
changed my perception of sound changes
with that and suddenly it becomes
muffled and all the time that sounds
like complete silence
hi my name is Jacob Lyons I'm also known
as Cujo or crazy Cujo
in the b-boy world and on social media I
was born completely deaf in my right ear
with sensory neural hearing loss so the
auditory nerve is dead from a young age
I began to have ear infections and then
a couple accidents here and there which
caused me to go actually lose hearing in
my left ear
people thought I was an idiot because
they're worth hearing loss comes speech
impediments and I had multiple wanna
push with a stutter another which was
just not being able to pronounce certain
sounds very well kids are very quick to
to humiliate anyone that they can really
especially when there's a group of them
and no on the same page in really did
get bullied so that happened to me a lot
of the kid I started dancing at the age
of 15 which is now 25 years ago and I
went to the school wearing my get up and
noticed across the way bunch of other
kids wearing pretty much the exact same
clothes and they noticed me and I just
sort of assumed that I was in trouble I
was about to get jumped instead of
hitting me up and asking me where I'm
strong they asked me if I danced and
that was a big surprise that I said I
don't but I would like to learn getting
into dance gave me much more
constructive outlet for that energy so I
could just put what I wanted to express
into movement you know and that was
really a bigger
quite literally a lifesaver so for
breaking it's literally life itself so
it's got that ancient birthday being in
harmony when I go into something like
contemporary modern dance that I feel
like that echo is the sense of silence
and I'm afraid of existentialism and
I'll descent them but I've come to
embrace in my own in our world when I'm
breaking
the first problem that I ran into you
when I started learning to damage in
high school was that I just couldn't
hear the music in the same way that
everyone else did so I was accused of
not being able to do I had not publicly
spoken about my difference amongst the
community even here in LA though a lot
of people that I had known for years
even that game I did not know like I'm
here because I'll tell anyone I did love
to I was I would almost have rather than
think that I'm cut it down I'm kind of
crazy then to reveal that always
in bed my own context in fact my own
structure I event my own
you
you
you
to this day I still don't know if I'm
gonna be able to hear them do you think
when it's my turn to dance and I don't
know if I'm gonna do anything on beat or
if I'm gonna just get lost in my own
world again and fumble around and hope I
do something cool or otherwise and yeah
it's never-ending that process is so
important to me too
because it's an adventure every time
