I hate you Oh my name is Layla Barrett
Denya my name is Joanna and we've been
dating how many is three years a month
three years so we met on online dating
okay suitcase I like to call it so we
arranged to meet at this bar and then I
remember she walking looking at my phone
and she kind of stood in front of me so
I was like my eyes went from her feet
all the way up to her face and I was
like Ana she's not going to hear
anything because she's totally done
first time I saw Leila we were out of
bar and we've been texting each other
back and forth
I saw her immediately sitting there with
her like looking at her phone so I
thought okay I'm gonna you know blow her
away
maybe we'll see so I walked up and I
stood in front of her so I knew that she
would have to look for my feet up to my
face and your mouth was kind of a nice
moment I was married before and I left
the marriage because I knew that I
wanted to be with a woman and it took me
like four years before I started dating
anyone especially with a kid you know
really wanted to be sensitive to my
daughter's experience and it was just an
adjustment
she and Leila have a really good
relationship it's kind of like Torre's
kind of the one that's reigning Layla's
behavior and sometime I'm Toro will be
like lady laughs I think when I met her
daughter that that was a big turning
point for me and I was like if I'm
serious about this woman I have to be a
real adult about this about the
situation because there's a child
involved I think that she likes that I
have a little fire under my belly kind
of thing and she liked my humor too my
friends tell me that I'm a lot of girl
and she knows how to handle me
she's confident she's got a little bit
of a swagger she's got a really good
sense of humor and she's got great sense
I don't know if that's something about
her the person as far as my personality
I'm much more saltier than she is I'm
much more reactive than she is
Joanna's very calm she doesn't get she
doesn't feed into that emotional you
know hurricane so to speak and in return
that that makes me calm down - not that
I'm a raging lunatic or a big campus but
I think that's again I can get myself in
a TV real fast there was a time at a
coffee shop and her tea wasn't hot and
they wouldn't read it so they were being
shitty and she was pissed but she was
holding it back because Toro was with us
and Laila will not do anything in front
of Torah bat or make Torah things you
know anything less of her not respect
her
he kept it looking hot oh yes and it
seems like I said you like a hot cup of
tea you have to buy another one this is
ha ha I was like what
ok the ran is like really really you
said that to the wrong girl
these guys are waiting outside I forgot
something at her head you know I'll meet
you up mystery stuff we've got the road
or wait for me outside or whatever I
went in there I took every type of
coffee I could find I've just kind of
picked it up and just done like poor by
literally closing my eyes and like
chanting the same sighs mmm leyland and
we were kind of teasing it out a little
bit before that happened because I was
going on a trip to New York and I was
I'm scared to fly get to fly and I was
really I really did I was really falling
in love of Johanna and I was like yeah
I'm gonna just tell her you know the
prize last is very organic and just be
like listen I love you and I don't know
I don't she's not a she's a funny
person but she's really not happy she
was have it actually a serious person
she's gonna be so disappointed in me
when if she realizes that I can't tell a
funny story about her so I'm sitting in
front of my big iMac computer screen
video conferencing with my boss
obviously hahaha I'm an idiot
and I wait I want to make one myself and
T all of a sudden I see behind me
Leyla walking by and only underwear and
joanna is so humiliated
or she can do a head in her head and I
was like
oh my god say I am so sorry I'm so sorry
like fifty times over so the next part
of the dilemma was like I need to get
back into the bedroom
Lela being Laila thinks she's going to
be stealth which is so not like how are
you gonna deal with that
that kind of basic he got in crap
position and stuff it's like walk across
and all of a sudden I see at the bottom
of the screen and could see my head like
bobbing up and down on the screen as I
was going across I mean is so
humiliating but it kind of it kind of
really funny and brilliant at the same
time I I take it because you are the
most amazing beautiful woman in the
world and you have changed him
completely I really feel that I am a
better person because it is because of
you you're so kind of rubbing and I'm so
lucky
no I really am honored and grateful to
be a part you are the heartbeat of our
family I love you and I just I just
I'd be so devastated if you weren't
together that's not even an option
I have not told her enough how much I
love her and how much she means to me
even though she has no idea but I was
like and I can't imagine a life without
her
she keeps me honest she takes the time
to really learn about me and know me and
you know even though she can be you know
wretched with people I love everything
about her I love her her passion for her
life and for people and for Torah her
love for Torah means a lot to me
yeah I think that I have to say anything
more except that I love you so much and
I'm grateful
