petrol is a really frightening man
behind you he looks really serious that
would really figure out I can't say
things like that in our relationship
should I be nervous you know I have no
filter she has no filter my name is
Robin
I'm Patrick a - we're on the base at the
same time so we kind of remember yeah it
was June of last year and we met Dan
coming up next to me very gently and you
smile even really cute good music good
choice yeah totally had no idea what
you're saying yeah I was enjoying you're
smiling and laughing I hope that was a
good thing we were at an event called
ecstatic dance I was just dancing doing
my thing and then behind me as he was
like bright shiny girl just like
skipping around the room oh oh hey
after the event we started to chat a
little bit and I could just tell that we
that we were just engaged that we were
just really present with each other
like literally wouldn't you like moves a
handler like see glitter going it was
actually really awkwardly okay and we've
never talked about this I like totally
not ready for it totally caught me off
guard
you know how I'm like hitch I think they
say got to be like 50 50 or 80 20 or
something like that and he was like cool
on like lookin sentence Chris said I was
like whoa like okay I can this is like
all right I guess he's into me I just
felt like I was we were in the friend
zone and like or in danger of it so I
like I just at the end it's a bit
embarrassing now but I just like leaned
in and kissed her and it was pretty
awkward and a bit sort of like stiff but
like I just I had to know I just kind of
had to let her know like look I don't
want to be in the friend zone and I
guess that was my way of expressing that
oh yeah we have already spoken about now
I said at the time that has to come out
right well first of all I'm sorry I'm
sorry that I was comes in that moment
and maybe couldn't articulate through
words but hey I think you're nice and
I'm going to be really cool but hey I
just at least wanted to express to you
that I like you okay we got to talk
about that person welcome was great I
just remember it's like being in bed
with him and I was just like bragging
hey can I tell you loved me and I think
here to do what I was going to say if he
was just like do you love me we've been
dating for like a month or so I think
one morning she sort of looked over at
me and was like I um I kind of and she
she didn't quite go through with saying
the words but I kind of looked over at
her and was like yeah and now I'm trying
to think that she actually say it
I think one of like the best day ever
recall it was the separate 14th to last
year and we went down to San Diego to
get his passport to be Swedish and we
just need like a whole day out of it we
go to Balboa Park I'm like we both
imagining like oh it's an enormous part
we're going to picnic and we're going to
play and it's going to be amazing we get
there's like so much traffic and it's
like no much part we were just looking
for nature and he's got lost in a
parking lot forever he was just like a
lettuce wrap with American Park Zoo
sucks and it was Christmas so all the
lights were up and the fountain was
doing like beautiful things and so she
brought these penguin Christmas hats so
we were both like going around just like
a silly penguins and we just had the
most incredible day from morning to
night and it will forever be known as
the best thing ever and we will
celebrate that day with penguin
Christmas hats when you really tap him
here in the penguin I'm gonna keep it pg
the way that he looks at me I remember
like when I first started hanging out
with them and when I would talk to him
to my friend I would just be like oh my
god his heart like hardik it's those I
just have so much life in them and so
much love and so much beauty and so
sultry and so sexy and playful at the
same time
no way I have sultry eyes she's
mentioned my heart a few times and how
she feels it but I think that's what she
likes about me yeah not only do I find
you just so beautiful in every single
way but you infinitely compassionate
with me when I have whatever moments I
have will make whatever projections I
make or go through my own stuff but
beneath it all is just how I feel with
you I just really really appreciate you
you helped me realize a level self-love
that is so much deeper than I've ever
experienced
yes I know you're going through some
challenges sometimes and don't be so
hard on yourself I really feel like
you're the whole package thank you for
making me be more Who I am and who I can
be and for loving me all the way yes
unsafely
since we're in we brought this
relationship
