what do you think overall the divorce it
was the hardest you know times of my
life at least it was just as it's a dark
dark time
Jimmy chai forty years old Talitha chai
41 who we going don't believe him
we were in college working for the the
college newspaper and he came running in
and he has long hair at the time it was
like Asian Jesus I don't know there was
just something about him that I liked
and I hadn't even really heard him talk
much just something about his presence
I like thought up something to ask him
and we just started talking from there
she bought money from me there was a
time when I'm at night where we was just
bored and just laying at the paper and
so there was a calendar of quotes on the
dick on the table
and it would say like these
inspirational things and so I would tell
her hey as a joke any time someone walks
through the door I'm just gonna sneak in
a quote to the person and to see if they
catch it and she was die laughing you
know anyway lots of jokes I think I just
want over so that's what I knew so many
hmm so many what UK okay
actually I don't know if she was they
tell her this story but I'm gonna state
anyway can you hear me know one time she
uh she she was driving home and she had
to go to the bathroom
she'll pee and so instead of pulling
over because she was rushing home and I
wonder why she was rushing home but she
had a coffee cup in her thing and so she
peed in the coffee cup she's gonna hate
me for this by the way I didn't know any
but okay we just without saying anything
know what the other person where they're
gonna go and what they're going to say
or almost like finishing each other's
sentences or something
she's a very like probably the most pure
hearted person I know like we have two
beautiful daughters right now and I
wouldn't want anybody else to be the
mother of my children
looking back it's like you forget the
little moment you know like I was
calling the story about how we used to
have the calendar number and ever
adopted close when people would walk in
and you'd be dying laughing yeah yeah
yeah things that other people would
think would just be so wrong yeah with
us as we're like now that's at the attic
I knew I wanted to read one of my
children because of who you are
like I knew you'd be an amazing mother
it was just like an hand down to leave
is going to be an amazing moment I
wanted this moment to be the one
early yeah it wasn't what I would call a
typical dating courtship where it leads
up to a proposal it was very up and down
it was an emotional roller coaster well
we were still just so disconnected at
the time and so our communication really
wasn't there like I don't know we just
sort of let it pass by that couple unit
just seems like to other people right I
guess is the one thing that we found
common ground in hallways was sign held
this is one sign pole was huge and the
one thing that would always bring us
back together painting us like it's like
Seinfeld okay we're fighting this quest
I'm filled Marienthal it was good with
the world I was on the living room floor
and I was playing with our two children
it was just like late at night and I
remember realizing all of a sudden that
I was very lonely and that I felt like a
single mom
they were three and five they wouldn't
remember a whole lot I just knew that
the healthier route would be to do this
now
and we weren't were people that would
not want to live our life like that it
was a lot of this is how you're supposed
to be like why won't you be like this no
to be honest with you looking back those
there's more of a frustration from my
side and I blamed her for a lot of stuff
so I played a lot of victim and I felt
very stifled but looking back it was
more me than it was her I knew we
shouldn't have been married to begin
with so it wasn't like a I knew the
marriage is over
like we fought on our wedding day the
whole time screaming we were so attached
to the way it looked like and on top of
that I had pressure for my family it
wasn't fair to her and like she had no
shot to be honest with you with me not
looking back oh my gosh my self-sabotage
the whole way most of my life it was
just easier to just keep everything
inside deal with it myself and just
react to things and so I regret not
telling you in a in a really productive
way what I needed most which was what a
partnership
to walk next to each other it was just
awkward bill for a very long time
eventually just the friendship started
to come back we we talk about the same
things we find the same things
interesting he is one of the longest
relationships that I've had in my life
besides that we've had in our lives
besides our parents and our siblings we
just want to be the best people we could
possibly be our marriage was filled with
just holding our faults to each other
and you know holding holding what was
right or wrong about each other against
each other and now we're really obsessed
with that there is no right and there is
no wrong and we're really obsessed with
not giving up we're really obsessed with
that this is a process I mean to be
honest with you if you look at our
relationship now people would think
we're married because we get along so
well and I don't know too many couples
that get along like us whether you're
married or not married it's difficult
for my relationships that I have now
with girlfriends because they don't
understand it I can and so that's why
I'll have this one single that I value
this relationship that has been such a
big part of who I am because we have
children I know that we're going to have
a relationship for a really long time
and I guess just sometimes I imagine the
end of my life being able to look at you
and without saying a word know that we
shared a pretty amazing journey
I I wish I was kinder to you I wish I
was more understanding and which was
more authentic I wish I was there more
no idea what I regretted the most was
not being open enough and really telling
you what was on my mind for me it was I
wish I were kinder to you honest
authentic
loving and another thing that I didn't
say was like committed I was one foot in
one foot out a lot of ways wasn't fair
to you yeah we see the world the same
way we just don't live in the world the
same way we've been talked about us as a
unit in a very long time it's always
about the kids so it's pretty
interesting
yeah to us this is really the only unit
that we know I talked a little bit about
just how friendship was always just an
underlying thing so and we are always
really good friends to each other okay
nice to meet you best music yeah
