don't let them win like ii bet they see
it affects you let them win
what is something no one what is
something what is understand what is it
what is the most hopeful thing anyone
has ever said to you
someone I barely knew once said that the
only reason I got my board position was
because I was pretty not because I
deserved it or worked this whoo well
people are haters anyone who worked so
hard and get to a position where you
deserve it and for someone to I guess be
a little left I think it's really really
difficult as unfair as that is sometimes
that kind of makes us wise to be even
stronger I come myself every day I'm a
failure I'm not worthy of love and
happiness I should just leave so
everyone's lives would be easier a lot
of times I think the most hurtful things
are the things you tell yourself if even
if you're feeling like you're at your
lowest the next day can be your very
highest so just keep moving on and
looking to the future I used to be a bit
overweight during middle school and a
friend would draw comics about me eating
everything and just made me feel bad for
being in love with and still to this day
and not happy even after a massive
weight loss increases I can relate to
this and even after I lost weight I
still has a fat mentality I still
thought of myself that said everybody's
gonna have something to say
you never know freeze everybody focus on
the people that are putting positive in
your life first convert for the negative
I promise you can do that and feel much
better about yourself you feel better if
I just everybody feels better lunch kind
of exudes my mother told me she would
send me back to foster care and put me
back up for adoption
the fact that you're in that situation
isn't your fault but it wasn't without
purpose so I pray that that situation
affects your life in a way that you can
affect others so that no one has to go
through and feel the way you thought
about how she's do I used to get
anonymous messages from someone who
would call me truly hurtful things and
would try to convince me to kill myself
and for a while I tried to anonymous I
think it's worse to get them from
anonymous because you're just left
guessing who hates you so much I
wouldn't know what to tell them
but I'm glad this person is still around
