I love you because of your money yeah
$43 both legs are hair I think first
thing that comes to mind is just best
friends exactly even though it's like
the cheesiest thing in the world well I
didn't think it was a real thing until
you know we did same um because we were
actually best friends before before we
dated yeah so it was just this weird
like seamless transition thing but um I
don't know weird we're very weird yeah
do you hear me I hate Chicago okay my
very very first impression of her I
thought she was really cute and she was
super fun but then my next impression of
her was a few months later when I moved
in with her best friend and that's when
I like really got to know her I don't
like your haircut
sorry no you're saying something sassy
right now so actually I hate telling
this because it sounds so like gross and
millennial but the first time I ever saw
him was on my friend snapchat story
it wasn't until like six months later
maybe that he randomly moved in with my
best friend we just started hanging out
as friends and became really really good
friends and it was just this super
platonic thing um well I told him how it
when I first saw you and it was on my
friend snapchat story such a millennial
no yes I said
it was August 8 2016 and we went to
sushi stop afterwards
we walked two gallons and bought Oreos
and then came back to my apartment and
watch stranger things I think our first
date was at sushi stop
August 8th 2016 I think yeah and then we
stopped into the grocery store right
across the street got a pack of Oreos
and then went back to this place ever
changing things what'd you say well I
said our first date was August 8th 2016
nice thanks we're sushi stop yeah as you
told about the Oreos yeah Wow oh man I
guess the first thing she's so funny
and she'll like she'll be honest with
you she'll give you great advice and
she'll give you like advice to to better
you as a person I don't know he is the
nicest guy in the world he's really has
no shame in just a way that's like he is
super completely himself all the time
which is unreal and cool and I love that
about him and it makes me laugh he's
really funny but I'm not gonna tell him
I said that because then I'll get cocky
so I said you had no shame like in just
being yourself wherever whenever which i
think is cool
I said you're super funny was the first
thing I said I mean so say yeah I said
you're funny
really yes don't just call me I can go
she has like seven billion red
notifications on her phone and it dry
like if I have like one unread email I
have to like get rid of it and she has
like 6.5 million emails and like 48
notifications from some random apps you
know but that's not I mean I don't know
it's like it was anything and it's kind
of funny but she's also a really great
front seat driver and she gets a little
nervous
when I get close to cars and stuff like
that he this is just gonna reflect
poorly on me but he just touches me way
too much but like his love language is
physical touch and mines direct I get
really hot really easily so sometimes
I'll just be sitting there like in my
own sadness and hot and just this awful
thing and and he'll like come up and
like try to like you know touch me or
something like that and I'm like you got
to stop you can't do that this is
another thing that's like a good thing
but he never gets angry just let it out
sometimes you know we were on the way
here and I was tallying like he will sit
in a lane of traffic that is not moving
while the lane next to him is just
zooming by because he's just like
content with wherever he's at which is
great there was one part where I knew
you say I'm hot touch you all the time I
said that you have like 60 billion
unread notifications on your phone that
you're a fantastic front seat driver I
told him you're not aggressive enough
like right I probably look bad because
my thing was I was just complaining
about things that are like good
qualities to have as a human being you
know no he's too efficient he doesn't
get angry
but yeah way to be great let's stop um
no I mean we honestly really haven't had
like a big fight or some like crazy like
scary thing or whatever in a previous
relationship that I had been someone had
been disloyal to me to say politely and
so I had had like not it wasn't I
wouldn't say trust issues but I was like
pretty insecure about just other guys in
general and I would just it was like in
my head that something bad would happen
if like she got too close to another guy
or something like that I think it was
kind of a good thing that we like had
these you know sometimes arguments there
were fights or whatever about like this
insecurity that I had to get over and
you know she was actually really great
with it he had some trust issues at the
beginning of the relationship he didn't
even he was like I don't want to be that
guy I don't I don't you know I want you
to hang out with your friends I don't
even care but for some reason like it's
bothering me and I can't you know and so
that was just something we had to work
through a little bit because I don't
think I gave him enough grace in the
beginning of that because I had a really
hard time understanding why I was
happening I said when I was like
annoying and insecure I said the same
thing but not in those words yeah
it's really truly almost hard to explain
like everyone like has this like ideal
person and like it's like a sheet of
like kind of things you think you want
in a person or you think you need in a
person and then once you meet like the
one that just exceeds all of those
expectations and like every way possible
the I just I wake up every day like
truly want just wanting to to be hers or
be with her or hang out with her spend
time with her or you know do something
for her
I love who she makes me and I love who
she is and and how she makes me a better
person and just who like know hopefully
make it worse
yeah I don't this start to finish
she's like as perfect as you could get
for me and that like includes all of her
her flaws and her accepting every single
one of my flaws and me for everything
that I am I could never find someone
like her I don't think there's anyone
better out there for me so I never have
to be afraid of introducing him to
someone because I know that they're
gonna like him because everyone does
gosh she's just so sweet and caring and
just loving like just so loving you know
so much so that I get annoyed
sometimes but he really wants me to love
myself and really shows me how I now
believe I deserve to be loved I don't
know I just I'm so bad this you know he
he's so good okay I'm done now I can't I
can't
so what'd you say I said that I love you
because of your money yeah
$43 I love you because you're I love you
because you're such a good person and I
never have to worry about introducing
you to people because everybody loves
you and just how well you love me and
how well you show me how to love myself
and you're just God's gift for the world
I guess everyone has this like sheet of
like boxes that kind of you think need
to be checked in like someone that
whether it's like a type or like
physically or emotionally or mentally or
whatever personality wise and just like
meeting you was like exceeding all those
expectations and you almost like don't
know what to do with it bottom line I'm
great yes exactly
yeah yeah anyway you're a funny guy I
have an expelling
all right sorry
yeah sick
hey guys this is Jason would you believe
we just want to say thank you to this
beautiful couple for sharing Roy Troy
Viper training both side as a love story
as always please make sure to check them
out on Instagram on YouTube make sure
you like and subscribe to fueling media
and we will see us next
