what haha it was the movie that was our
first official date
I'm Donna Braun and we've been together
seven years Carlat Martin - Brown when I
feel like it and we've been together
seven years married amazing no Donna
when I first met at Katy College I want
to say he was playing like a Marcus
Houston song and he just did a few
chords and walked out and I was like
why'd you stop
and I think at that point he thought he
had me I had no interest in this young
man I had a whole list of how my man
okay I see her from a distance like she
beautiful
chocolate I think her like this no mrs.
right
you are like amazingly beautiful I don't
really know what to say would I mean I
got want to get to know you I wasn't her
type at all but I'm gonna take this
chance I was not having it like that's
what I knew I mean it wasn't anybody
young her mind anybody it was either her
a very shallow not happy on country
suggest tell me where she 100 firstly
what the movie what didn't and was the
movie that was our first official date
then it was just like coffee okay I may
not see picnic routine yeah but like we
got in the car and we knocked on the
door and then I got in the car I went on
the day our parents and most of our
filming was against it because we were
so young we went to the crowd and got
married I left school early and I just
found this really cute little white
dress and I hurried up and put it on and
and my auntie was waiting for us in the
parking lot I just remember looking at
her and she was like you sure and I
remember her nudging me and pointing at
him because she noticed he was praying
and she was like look
this one time we was at Outback
Steakhouse and she expelled gas and it
ricocheted up after - it was so loud and
I was like I was doing I don't think I
even looked at him for 45 minutes yeah I
remember that day I was a little gassy
and in which I'm not I don't get
embarrassed by things like that I mean
unless I unless I've offended someone
and I did offend him because it was a
wooden seat and he made a horrible noise
in the restaurant a friend of his that I
didn't know wanting him to come and be a
part of this fight like it was in the
middle of the night and his phone is
ringing and I'm like this is stupid
right why would you get up and go drive
all the way across town to a fight that
you're not even a part of but now that I
think about it I don't think he went it
involves me because it's the homies oh
we got to go handle business and it was
World War 3 when I got back did you go
yeah okay I couldn't remember how if he
went
why not I was ready to leave after that
right I posted be very very young in the
mind and in my actions it made me step
my game up for his maturity because it's
a certain way you have to approach a
grown woman versus approaching you know
when you're 18 and you're talking to
like a regular girl being talking to a
woman you got to come correct and that's
how she made me feel
I don't think I'd be happy I think I'd
be a miserable mother of a bunch of run
we've been through a lot of ups and
downs and we Hale hands through
everything yes I love I think your eyes
would be this do you see how I'm
speechless I wanted to be like this
forever
I'm going to cry already so I love you
because she loves me
you never had a day go by without me
feeling like I'm beautiful
even with my hair go fish you love God
that's the best thing I knew that I was
going to have a praying husband when I
saw he's kneeling and praying even
before we were married you sexy and he
told us of that day she said always hold
hands no matter what hold hands and
we've been holding hands together is
where the power comes can we tell y'all
something
we found out we were pregnant
hahahaha three hey guys this is Jason
Jubilee media we hope you're doing that
video and if so please subscribe to us
on YouTube like us on Facebook or you
can watch all of our videos on this side
we're going to be making a lot more
content this year so we hope you enjoy
it and tell your friends
