yomaira made oh gosh oh okay with the
way the gk show whoo
he's so fast I weren't afraid I would if
I was not afraid
hmm I think I would go bungee jumping
not that they help each other my idea
Julia Howard go skinny-dipping that's
the one thing that I really would do if
I was fearless you know I would explore
everywhere by myself if I weren't afraid
it's one joke over here I get to if I
had no fear I would I would have started
my own company by now so you can go back
to Highland and everybody everywhere
I would definitely um trying to be a
musician yeah I'd love to be a fashion
designer once maybe yeah have my own
company travel whilst I work basically
that or I'd be a pilot I'd really like
to do humanitarian work overseas
somewhere but at the moment I'm a bit
apprehensive because of like I don't ya
wanna go somewhere too scary
I'm afraid because I could fail time
could you know slip away and I won't
have enough time to do what I want to do
you are 2nd Marquess amudha go to the
moon sik asik where's al-harazi I think
the biggest fear that I have is
of myself like I do question so I have
enough skills do I have yeah am i
talented enough meta-genome Capri Mel
proposed it to I keep laughter huh I
think everybody's afraid of at some
stage you have to do these things
otherwise you don't you're not living
you're just sitting waiting to die in
fact I was just on a ferry and I was
talking to a lady and she was saying on
one day she would do blah blah blah and
I said there is no one day it's today I
realized that life is very short the
time you have here is a freshest time so
you better enjoy it
