never have I ever lied about liking an
outfit or haircut of yours always honest
on I know there's always like you're
always on it my name is Chris Sanders
Daniel Salomon and we're really good
friends we met like three years ago at
an open mic groundworks coffee on sunset
on sunset all right boom let's see
what's going on here
never have I ever given out a fake
number oh I have I'm super nice it's
hard for me to say no to people so if
like religious groups come up to me
usually I put a fake number or I give
them my best friend Binnie phone number
Oh was a lawyer that works he's a lawyer
for the federal government okay I will
give a fake number though who we gonna
take some guy who was offering me
tap-dancing class all right I gave him
the fake number because like I know I
seem like every like once once a week
okay what's going on it's a tap-dancing
guy here we often do we up doing okay
never have I ever had a one-night stand
well I never had I ever ever when you
have second with one you never see him
again
yeah never done that I kind of see them
again throws so you're a nice guy um
yeah I have you have please tell me I
think I've had tinder things right but I
had try to like like I will try to have
a relationship with the person I like
all right on to the next row all right
never have I ever been jealous of you
never okay cool that's cool I definitely
like I've always been proud of your
accomplishment totally you know you and
I have had similar paths in life and
career and whatnot what's really cool is
like if I'm ahead whatever that really
means you know I've used it to like help
you in the same thing with you when you
get an opportunity or you learn
something in life
you've used that to help me you know and
so we're in a way we're always we're
always in you know we're always helping
each other movement yeah you said it
best never have I ever been cheated on
never oh yeah even geez I've been
cheating on tell me about that I was
ever cheated on because I was a lazy guy
oh yeah like she would like hit me up
and then headed back to your bad
boyfriend I was a bad boyfriend like
lesion
I give yourself oh well yeah like if the
communication is good there's no
cheating going on yeah but don't don't
think for a second simply because you
were a bad boyfriend or maybe to give
her enough attention that you deserve to
get cheated on I don't ever get to you
long but I'd choose hell let it happen
let it happen yeah I gotcha
well not again I'm not again never again
never again yeah okay
never have I ever wanted to give up on a
dream oh dude I can never never never
have I ever wanted to give up on a dream
we don't give up on dreams like I dude I
don't think giving up on a dream is it
possible for me it definitely possible
for you you know my parent my mom on my
mom's side they came here refugees
they're Cambodian my mom was in the
killing fields and they made in the
United States I can't let them down you
know my family are hardworking people
yeah then still that they still that
that that hard-working mentality inside
of you yeah humility and I come all the
way out here 3,000 miles away they're
waiting on me and I started this already
so I have to finish the other fashion
might be finished doing I do wonder than
shake
the future is ours never have I ever
felt like I disappointed you hold on I
have oh well you want to go first
yeah no God all right I disappointed you
I disappointed you
with the first our first business
endeavor yes yeah i disappoint you
because I was going for my own little
thing at that time in a way I
that was really comedy situations I felt
like you let me down and I feel like
maybe I let you down it was like
complicated thing sometimes friends
disappoint each other but we had we were
we had the the maturity to quickly
forgive each other have great good
betray and humility
yeah - too low also yeah yeah never have
I ever told you why I love you
I don't you ever told you that I told
you I love you yes sir yeah like what
bros I know why you love me yeah you
appreciate you yeah I got like you go to
even we stop the light even though we're
answer in the light this is this is
intimate we all need like never never
have I ever oh never
I hope yet but we're doing now yeah dude
man past three years LA then you know up
and down you just you've always you've
been like my brother my confidant my
commandant might come yeah and I'm
confident in you have arrived comrade
comrade you've just always been
attentive and you've always listened if
it's the same thing over the other oh my
gosh you've always been like a super
cool advocate yeah yeah totally like I
love you because you allowed me to be a
frickin cool nerd yeah yeah yeah but
anyway that's why I love you we need to
thank you
we knew this is off be dumb man half on
the other yeah right
yeah you wanna when we recruited a
chicken dumpling chicken dumpling we
take a southern thing that's not here
food but it's not secret anymore and
although internet knows I guess if a
stalker wanted to send me chicken
dumpling in the mail
I'm down for that chickens dumplings in
the middle yeah
