the girl he was dating and the boy I was
dating cheated on us with each other and
got together we're not going to be very
good at those
my name's I'm Lake Gaither and how long
have I been dating five years well been
a while yes go to Memphis five years
hey King him right now okay hahahaha
first on us are really I was in so much
pain it was a girl that was putting my
makeup off like for the tattoo but yeah
and she was like rubbing it off all the
time with alcohol and burning and I was
like hey it got a slap and so then Emily
she was in costumes and so she came
along and she started like doing it with
makeup looks like it's a little easier
to say what microwave it's got like
really big brown eyes and everything so
they always look kind of happy rum pum
pum pum well he was tall dark and
handsome which is very attractive I was
a costume designer on almost Maine and
he was actually in the show and I drew
on his arm a tattoo every night he had a
girlfriend at a time and had a boyfriend
at the time so I knew that like I was
going to play with him or anything like
that so we were just friends hey keV
what you said oh you know everything I
said after the first question is so
quiet I was really upset with like the
idea like loving and women and dates in
general so it was part of me being like
I'm not paying for whatever again we
went for ice cream and it was like two
bucks and he was like how you guys going
to pay it and I was like half and half
you pay your half okay mine but then she
gave me a look like no you're gonna pay
for all of it so I was like okay I paid
for all of it and then I like tipping
like 20 bucks so I'm like that
ridiculous because I was like thanks for
$2 talk about like our summers situation
and stuff and what love meant to us and
how it changed us and and where we go
from now like everyone kiss right now
and I think she was like yeah sure okay
just stop Fred then oh that was so weird
he didn't overshare know the funny story
but the girl he was dating and the boy I
was dating cheated on us with each other
and got together I walked up to and I
was like hey so our exes are friends
maybe we should be stressed you're like
oh they're more than just friends in
front of everybody but after that we
just started texting and hanging out
we've pretty much been seeing each other
ever since in my savagery mind I was
already thinking like you know what I
will be with Emily that's what I want to
do and you know what let me say it loud
like they're more than friends I got her
number and said he actually asked me out
for ice cream
and we were just going to hang out and
actually talk about our exes because
they were together now and so we're
going to kind of compare notes and then
we ended up kissing and it became our
first date I I didn't see you tell this
story
why thought I liked her more until until
I hear on the phone with her friend
Lauren right outside my window not
realizing that I could hear everything
and everything like look like no no I
don't think now if it's not like a it's
really nothing it's just like a because
I heard you met with other girls
no I didn't know the lives of every
school world I was like damn - who could
I do anything with now I know your life
cook barbecue that is the first day back
I didn't know you and it wasn't that day
that I said that either it was later
I think I said it first
I don't remember something what was that
I kind of remember it yeah I think yeah
no no you don't have no idea what they
answer those questions you're real hard
yeah
good at home will your life be like oh
my gosh
I probably be living in st. Louis
because that's where my mom is I would
probably still be doing costume design
because right now I'm doing more
freelance are in visual art paintings
because he kind of supported my career
change when we doing stuff like this and
probably a lot cheaper apply a lot more
money I'll be honest I'll tell you right
now since your ears are clogged if I
never met and when I feel like I'd still
be angrier in a way like a lot of life
stuff oh gosh I think I knew really soon
after we started dating that I was in
love with him just because like he's
such a good soul and he really likes
these people for who they are and when
we met I was going through a hard time
with a breakup just like he was and to
be seen for who I really was and what
makes me unique and to not be judged to
not care just to like spending time with
me and want to be with me it it meant a
lot it does to this day it definitely
means a lot to me
I love you because everything I prayed
for whenever I thought about having a
girlfriend or stuff that other girls
like didn't do literally everything and
so alright these are real now but y'all
going to edit this out I just talked
about how to change stuff up as easy
change stuff up so and you're supportive
like I've never had support before
yeah I can't believe you because I need
you
so hey now we're talking much cat
allergy no I got real emotional I
thought I loved you because I didn't say
that bow
olive juice is terrific cuz I would
believe that dude then plenty over there
was opening up onions and stuff it was
crazy in here surprise didn't affect you
ah I just said that oh they're gonna
make me cry I don't know what it is like
you're emotional because I regret I just
said that like here's everything I pray
for still and you're loyal and very
supportive I said something like that
and and I said would be much cheaper
being without you for being honest
ah slice of York you know the deal ha ha
ha we break up right when you're leaving
that final camera cut allergy oh my god
oh my gosh they're not going on this
video woo hey thank you so much for
watching I'm Landon from Jubilee media
be sure to subscribe check out our
Facebook and watch some more of our
videos
