I just cut just got to a big part of you
and I hope I fit so personal isn't it
haha but I'm going to take away 9 1 C
stuffers I don't - article
I saw nada what does it feel like to be
in love a lot like a crush on someone or
just like actually like mutual
I must accomplish or you're going to
learn know where the people enjoy your
forgiveness I believe that and it feels
free and it fills space holes in you
will be avoiding people it feels like
butterflies excess it feels like there
is nothing when you're with that person
the rest the world of negative sweaty
palms actually do happen it hurts and
the reason I say it hurts it's an
amazing feeling we reason I say hurts is
because I love someone who lives in
another country can you tell us about a
time you were in love all that that's
scary
he is really sweet
he's really handsome he really loves me
and we met as teenagers and we grew grew
up together it was a very good time for
Jeremy fight he would yell at Arnold's
moment to the things you see say don't
know like I'm learning new things about
her and I'm appreciating her of who she
is and who she's going to be but I also
love how she sacrificed so much for me
open - aficionado Phil Murray the
particular stage instead going form
through geology sometimes you like
stands like right in front of me and I
just kind of look at it like who's the
crazy person versus there staring at me
looking at me and expecting me for all
that I am and I love that about her
LOV c-loc to necessarily be a
photographer a cycle so Pradesh a little
tzadikim even I feel more like me than I
ever have
before I think that's what being in love
is it make you feel like a really
incredible person yeah it's just beauty
pure beauty mask
