I'm transgender and like that's just
like something about me that like I'm
proud of and it's like that's not the
first thing I say to someone but like
it's yeah like hi I'm Anne Tyler attract
a viral New York Times article featured
36 questions that could supposedly make
any two people fall in love we wanted to
see what would happen if we ask these
questions to two complete strangers on a
blind date so my name is Scott Ely I
don't think I can even remember the last
time I've been in a relationship a
little more nervous now that I'm sitting
down I realize I've never been on a
blind date I guess I'm just here to find
a boyfriend that's the short answer
hey guys twinsies I'm Louie I am
open-minded awkward nervous but good
what kind of tea do you like I don't
really like tea oh yeah only doing
feeling I'm like being like I'm like a
tea snob oh maybe I can learn something
yeah
I'm gonna burn myself take it slow
it's a hit it's a hit s guy you didn't
 up too bad if a crystal ball could
tell you the truth about yourself the
future or anything else
well would you want to know if I knew
something significant well anything
really
I feel like that'll like shape the way
that I'm kind of like doing this awkward
life thing I don't think I would want to
know what about you I guess what I would
want to know is that whether I'm gonna
find like true happiness in life one day
what if the crystal ball says no like
are you go just gonna be like well I'm
not gonna be happy so I'm not as oh I
don't know I guess I would rather know
then just keep living for nothing right
or is that like a very like I mean for
me anyway to look upon me I don't know
maybe that's a little personal because
like as a kid like I was so depressed so
depressed and I got to the point where I
honestly felt like life wasn't like
worth living and
and now I'm like happy with who I am
what my life has to offer even like on
the roller coaster up and downs of it no
I can relate that I feel like I'm not
gonna say who it is but there was
someone in my life that would always
just come home like shout at my mom and
I I'm just like I felt like trapped
almost and I couldn't get out of the
situation and the second
I laughed that's like what am i
happiness like truly started happening
see your own crystal balls yeah my own
Christmas is there something that you
dreamed of doing for a long time and why
haven't you done it
I think traveling the world is something
I want to do that I haven't had the
opportunity to like travel as much as I
want to I just wish there weren't so
many boundaries to that like almost like
if money and like other things weren't
invented like if we were all just like
cavemen and we were just like all
walking across the lands doing it
exactly the whole thing so we could all
just travel across the world I want to
travel - I actually haven't been outside
of the US and a point what I dream to do
but I haven't done yet is just like
really go like a billion percent with
like my art and just like put it out
there and just be really unapologetic
and like super confident and all of that
I think what's stopping me is
my confidence is honestly like it's like
a it's like a journey like I remember
being like a super like non confident
guy I wouldn't share any of my like
passions or talents or anything with
anyone and now I'm like at this place
where I'm like working on things and
putting things out there just exposing
bits and pieces of myself so I could
kind of make it happen so it's gonna
happen but like right now I'm like in
transit I'm in transit so it hasn't
happy yet but once my confidence is on
point that I think it'll be if you were
gonna become close friends with your
partner please share what would be
important for him or her to know I think
how would I explain it's like at the end
of the day the most important
relationship that they have is the one
they have with themselves and I'm here
to supplement that especially in all
generation like everything is so instant
everything is so expectation loaded like
you do something and you like expect
something yeah like I would really
really want them to know that unlike not
that
yeah how about sure I paint what I will
would want my partner to know and like
what my all my friends know about me is
that like I'm transgender and like
that's just like something about me that
like I'm proud of and so obviously I
would tell my partner that I was liked
by all my friends know obviously it's
like a part of who I am like that's not
the first thing I say to someone but
like yeah like hi I'm I know Tyler and
trap but like I've been on such a
journey to get to where I am in terms of
my mentality my mental state like who I
am
it's important is the shape side all the
varying speeds along I wouldn't say
olive experience but I'm doing a lot of
different ways so that other eyes for
four minutes
well let's not and when I drink someone
make something
I would describe Skylar as I would say
silly
she's will shy and nervous but very
often - he's like pure at heart he
really does want the best for people
I can tell she was like guarded and she
like like let me in a little bit which
was just enough seeing like how that
kind of took her to a different place
took me to a different place and it was
like a roller coaster
like when you're like trying not to
laugh in class cuz your friends what's
like you that I would be so like go as
friends
I don't know if that calyx like I don't
see myself like with him but like I
would recommend him to my friends he's
such a good guy I want to like hang out
with him those questions really allow
you to be vulnerable and learn so much
about like
person's life and what their ambitions
are she always good
our last name
absolutely I enjoyed my first date with
Harry this is really cool hi guys I'm
Rachel I don't fit and this has been
cheaper too this is definitely my
favorite series to film and so we're
really happy that you came to watch it
if you want to be in a future episode go
ahead and click the link down below like
subscribe click here to watch more
videos from Jubilee Media we make things
that inspire people to live greater so
as always thank you so much for watching
and we'll see you next time
