dear child your child dear child the
reason we have to have this talk is
because you are a black child in America
need you to know that and there's so
many things going on in the world I
won't lie to you you're going to see
some things that are going to break you
down it's going to hurt I know how hard
it is for you to see yourself in the
place of Tamir rice so I need you to
always be prepared and always be on your
garden and it takes away from you being
a little kid I know but I'm trying to
protect you right now if you are
approached by police just stay calm
don't fight back don't give any
rebuttals you have to understand if you
want to stay alive you have to do what
they say because it could be the
difference between me seeing you again
and not a saint guilty sad to say
sometimes they may not even work I'm
just gonna be honest may not work at all
um
I'm sorry I know it's tough and I know
it sounds really scary but it's not your
fault we live in a society that is
geared that we do not succeed it is put
together it is constructed in such a way
that we fail and you have to be greater
than all of that always stand with your
head up and your shoulders back and be
proud and you are a warrior always know
that you are intelligent beautiful
bright and you have a future you have
inherent worth in this society and above
all else you my son regardless of wack
cuz I don't know what's going to happen
today tomorrow whatever just don't
change don't change and be proud of who
you are I love you with all that I am I
will teach you how to walk in this life
you don't have anything to be afraid of
we'll get through this and don't you
ever ever ever blame yourself for what
others do I love you I believe in you
and I believe that others just like you
who hold on to their light
together you all will change the world
you
