hey guys it's Jason from Jubilee project
here
and I know it's been a little while so
we want to give you a quick update first
off we're really excited to announce
that we finally have finished our
documentary save my soul it's been about
two and a half years now and we're
really proud of it and excited to start
sharing it with the world our first step
is that we're in the process of
submitting it to film festivals and
speaking to distributors but in the
meantime we want to go on tour and
screen it all around the country so if
you're interested in bringing say my
soul to your college or church
organization please visit save my soul
comm slash host we just want to say
thank you once again for all your
incredible support and your patience we
really could not have done this without
you thank you guys we love you
