I wish I can have a lot of toys but
homeless people and food is even more
important and take a seat right here for
me
awesome you nervous at all if you could
have anyway what would you
stuff hard wine
a little bot now and do everything for
me able body and in their mention I wish
that we unicorns were real
I could have superpowers to bend metal
and bite it an endless pizza you eat it
it comes back for more wishes for every
ones they could get whatever anyone
likes me
having a better life and like like not
struggle with with like my mom seeing
her like struggle with bills not so like
have more money I would wish for like
homeless people to not be homeless
change pollution make a cure for cancer
travel around give people hope world
peace i watch the news a lot like i've
noticed a lot of people getting killed a
lot of murders and stuff like that
sometimes world makes me sad because
people aren't educated enough to know
about how unwise prejudices I don't know
why people fight so much I think that
because they're just mad or frustrated a
little bit or they've just had a bad day
it's okay if everyone's different God
made us different ways if everyone
treated people with
then earth would be a better place to if
you were to give a message to adults or
would you message stop look at what
you're doing
forget about money and think about what
you really care because if you don't do
anything about it I cannot help it then
it just gets worse I think it's really
important that we love each other if we
all work together we can change the
world we can make a difference that yeah
