hey guys Jason from Jubilee project here
and we're so excited to see in about two
weeks at jubilee conference and august
15 but before we continue we want to
make a big announcement check it out so
guys this is jeremy lin i can't wait to
see you guys at the jubilee project
conference in august I'm excited see you
guys there yeah we're so excited I had
Jeremy and he's gonna be joined by an
amazing group of other speakers and
they're all gonna be sharing about what
it means to take the road less traveled
so we're super super excited but if you
haven't dental yet please register now
you can go to this link or the link
below and register today seats are going
quickly we think we're gonna sell out
soon so go do it now tell your friends
and we'll see you at the conference JP
luck
