everyone my name is Jason and I'm a
founder of jublee projects four years
ago on my 22nd birthday the Haiti
earthquake killed thousands of people
that day I didn't have much money but
what I did have was a belief that
ordinary people can do extraordinary
things
I grabbed some friends and went to a New
York subway stop the bus can sing to
raise $100 for Haiti that day we raise
$70 but we made a video about it and we
put it online within a week we had
thousands of views it raised over 700
dollars for me that's when my friend
Eric my brother Eddie and I realized
that videos are such a powerful medium
to do good and that's when we started
Jubilee project the mission of Jubilee
project is simple we want to tell
stories and inspire and since then we've
made hundreds of videos and placed them
all online we've made short films PSAs
documentaries about issues like autism
sex trafficking human rights and many
many more
these films have connected us with an
amazing community of changemakers and
supporters and fans and Friends like
yourselves in 2013 we had our very first
film fellowship this past year we had
our very very first Jubilee project
conference we love doing this work and
we pour our heart and our soul into
everyone we're films but as we've
continued to make these films and
continue to do these programs our costs
have continued to grow as well that's
why we want to take a moment to ask you
to get involved whether you've been with
us from the very beginning of our
journey or this is one of the very first
Jubilee project videos you've watched we
hope that our videos have made some
impact on your life we've got a big goal
we're trying to raise $40,000 before the
end of this year and your support
whether it's five dollars or five
hundred dollars but go to keeping the
lights on in the office to paying our
bill helping us begin to pay ourselves
we would be so appreciative of your help
it would go such a long way thank you so
much once again for joining us on this
journey we've been so lucky and so
blessed for your support as always
remember to live with something greater
taking love
you
