the Jubilee Park fellowship consists of
11 up-and-coming filmmakers who we've
invited to come and live together for
two weeks that are expected to write
produce shoot edit their own short films
the purpose behind it is to really
empower these next generation of
filmmakers who will be a light in this
world this is day one of production pick
Dorothy she's working hard with the
actors take five be take to ash we are
currently on sets we're on the last
thing of the day and yeah it's going
pretty well learning a lot and enjoy if
it's going on that's great so we all
grew as a person individual and I think
can all leave the scholarship a lot
stronger firmware and rooted in our
passion I do believe if you like really
like something and you put your heart in
it people can see it people can feel it
given.if the like lightning quality logo
if they're like sound quality's not
really good but if you make something
with passions to make something with
your heart people who is watching you
will feel and I think I learned this
here I think that's what I'm learning
here to see importance of dreams
and just chasing after the things that
you think are impossible there's just so
much joy when you chase after what you
know is really what your heart is
telling you this passions can really
night fire in your heart
