save it again I want to go to my med
school interview more do you have a
presentation from work I want to be a
doctor dad a doctor you know your mom
will not approve of this I'm doing this
because of her what makes you think your
mom wants you your doctor huh
I know what you're thinking who reacts
like that when their child wants to
become a doctor
well my world is pretty different from
yours
professions and the arts are high-paying
stable and highly sought out you have to
be crazy to want to be a doctor but
after my mom passed away from emphysema
I've wanted to make a difference in the
world to the medical field and Betty has
been guiding me ever since she nursed my
mom her compassion and love for her
patients inspired me to pursue medicine
but he has cared for me like her own
daughter she takes time to teach me
about medicine but also about life and
what it means to follow your dreams you
need to be realistic now if you become a
doctor how will you support yourself
aren't you doing it already
Oh see these here's what it costs to
make a living sweet oh and this doesn't
include the food you're eating how much
do you think you will have after this so
you just just concentrate on the
presentation tomorrow I don't want to go
to my interview oh well if you think you
can make a living by yourself then go
I went to my presentation that next said
it was the right thing to do and it went
great I was even offered a full-time
position I didn't want to what I ended
up taking the job offer it's the right
thing to do
I need a stable job even though this
means I won't have time to volunteer
anymore oh this is a pleasant surprise
how did a nerve you go I had to skip it
for my presentation they offered me a
job so I can't volunteer here anymore
but what about medical school I didn't
have a choice I have to be more
realistic realistic Alice I thought you
were serious about becoming a doctor why
would you throw your gift away I can't
keep living in this fantasy world you're
in
there's more to life than this Betty
Alice
I started my graphic design job and was
given a big project immediately work is
draining but it's worth it right we need
somebody to Korean AD that promotes
these cigarettes I expected these
designs on my desk by tomorrow what am i
doing I need to see Betty dinner where I
can find Betty I doesn't need to talk to
her as I'm so sorry how to tell you that
Eve has to leave this afternoon
hmm I know I couldn't really hear what
the nurse is telling me after that I
couldn't think straight
I'll never get the chance to apologize
to her now
you're going to be an incredible doctor
thanks
you
you
the hell are you doing when I was meant
to do
yes hi yeah can I please talk to someone
from the admissions office you just
missed him by a minute he just left Oh
already
Eddie taught me how to love with my
heart how to see the person rather than
the work they put out who you are as a
person was always more than enough she
would always say as long as you're
trying your best you are succeeding no
one could ever take her place and I
understand why the world needs someone
like her I want to take the things she
taught me and live it out every day
please have a second chance an interview
really yes yes yes
you
