hey guys Jason from Jubilee project here
to remind you that conference is coming
up in a week and a half so go sign up
now a lot of people have been asking us
what is this theme about living for
something greater I want to take a
minute just to address that so often in
our lives in our society we spend so
much of our time thinking about
ourselves what will make us happy what
does it mean to live a successful life
and at the end of the day so many of
those things will leave us empathy and
that's why we want how a conversation
about what does it mean to live for
something much larger than yourself what
does it mean to use your energy and your
passion your skills to serve the people
around you and your community and the
world at large and that's what we're so
excited about this conference we have an
incredible set of speakers we're going
to share with you amazing things so make
sure you sign up now regular
registration ends next Wednesday go to
Jubilee project that org slash
conference to sign up seats are filling
up quick so go we don't want you to miss
it tell your friends and we'll see you
soon
doing is contagious
you
