I like that you're like very easy to
talk to kind of funny I mean there's no
lapis Khan you are laughing at you yeah
okay a viral New York Times article
featured 36 questions that could
supposedly make any two people fall in
love we wanted to see what would happen
if we ask these questions to two
complete strangers on a blind date my
name is Azariah I'm single like alone
100% honestly I could say I know exactly
what I'm looking for in a person someone
and fun adventurous outgoing likes kids
it'd be dope if she also loved God
ambition is cool someone that doesn't
need me is like a number one factor
though the anticipation is like killing
me though it's like when you're about to
go on a roller coaster and it takes
forever to start I'm Nikki I am 26 years
old I'm hoping to find a best friend I
think it's very important to bond with
somebody and to have that kind of
connection before even thinking about
taking it to the next step it's like 37
different types of tea is there green
tea there's a green package or but
there's like four green packages you
nervous I think so I'm gonna go we're
all gray do you have a secret hunch
about how you will die I feel like I
know for a fact I'm not gonna die in a
car accident like yeah like 100 percent
I've came too close too many times I
feel like God is just like nah bro
that's not the way you can go I'm so
messed up in the head I would think I
would die like probably getting
swallowed by a whale what what is the
probability of that
I mean I'm saying I can't even see like
it's so easily avoidable enough I'm
telling you it was going to happen that
way all right
is there something that you dreamed of
doing for a long time and if so why
haven't you done it I have a thing where
I feel like since I was a little girl I
just felt like I'm supposed to be an
entertainer like I want to perform in
front of millions of people sing dance
like the works I feel like I haven't
pursued it I don't know why maybe I'm
scared
maybe I'm just lazy maybe I just don't
have the passion for it but yeah I would
say that that's the one thing that I
know I think about constantly what about
you actually I would say no like
everything that I've dreamt of doing
there like want to do in life is like
something I'm working towards now and
that kind of changed the past like year
of my life I was like dude like life is
for living and I'm tired of like having
like journals or whatever or like a
bucket list it's like I don't want to
have that and just like wait till I'm at
a certain point to start trying to
accomplish it for me I feel like it'll
happen when it'll happen so I don't
chase it maybe that's not the right way
to look at it that's why I do it I feel
that I'm a big believer in light in like
God's timing you know I think that we
and Jamaica we say when when my NAPLAN
got away when mana plan got away yeah
like right no it's kind of like you're
making plans in the meantime guys like
wiping yeah yeah that sounds like I'm
from The Book of Proverbs oh I should go
did you make it how do you feel about
your relationship with your mother my
mom is like she's dope that's my best
friend she she raised me and made me the
man I am you know
she taught me so much and like my dad
wasn't always in my life so my mom was
like their life and she found a letter I
wrote her in 2016 and it was like
basically me saying like I'm sorry for
not listening to you I'm sorry for
thinking that I knew better than you
you're the best thing they're average we
thought is like super sentimental stuff
and I reread it and then she proceeded
to show me a picture of me coming out of
her stomach and all like yo this is
weird but
even your mama so I grew up with my mom
not there like I feel like I can count
on one hand how many times I've seen her
in my life or how many times I've
remembered her there I don't know why
she left
I don't like blame her it just kind of
was like my mom's not here my dad is you
know I would go like years without
hearing from her sometimes
I would um you know call her just to
hear her voice
and she'd just be like I can't talk
right now I'm busy but um it's kind of
just made me think that if I do bring a
child into this world I would never be
that I love her but it's like I I don't
necessarily agree with being what she
like the choices she's made but you know
it's made me who I am yeah I mean we
just met but I think like you still hell
of a woman
you obviously respect yourself and I
like the way you carry yourself damn I
don't like you it was a good complete a
sentence I wish I had someone with whom
I could share that thought an entire
cheesecake from the Cheesecake Factory
wit cuz like oh hey cheesecake is bond
but I don't want them calories in my
life yeah yes yeah nailed it
yes you don't want them calories nah cuz
you know it's like a thousand calories
per slice exactly yes a whole can of
whipped cream extra whip no low fat
that's how you have a cheesecake sounds
like that's how you have a heart attack
- but it's like die happy you know you
know I'm saying if it's the one thing I
really want in life and I had to be
worried that happens I would just a
cheesecake
same and me I wish I had someone with
whom I could share I think it's just
gonna tell the truth I guess someone I
could share life with you know I think
at the end of the day like you could be
so independent and a man or a woman of
your own but going to the grocery store
is way more fun with somebody you know
going on a hike is way more fun with
somebody there so I want to know that I
have somebody you know there because I'm
always there for people so I feel like I
don't question it I'm just like up and
ready that's what's up
no I dig that I actually want to change
my answer a little bit for that I can't
you know this is crazy
it says without speaking stare into each
other's eyes for four minutes like first
of all that number all right all right
come up here okay
that was very refreshing I really didn't
know what to expect or who to expect
going into it so I'm kind of a little
bit impressed of you know how its laid
out
she's doped he's got good style she's
fun she's seems like she respects
herself well she's the type of girl you
would bring home to your mother
he's very funny
I kind of get a vibe that he's very
smart like he's advanced like beyond his
years
I could see me and Azariah chilling on a
daily it was not four minutes they fell
a little shorter right like he was
breaking rules all over the place okay
we'll be back all right you gonna come
back come back
i'ma leaving i'ma come back I'll see you
remember him that was it all right
yeah I hesitated that was weird
but like I would like it if she's not
like that's dope to self love you know
but not she was fun she was definitely
fun if not like I'm sure we would be
like good friends as well so I think
that's what's tough about it oh yeah I
do have to call it a date though I feel
like I psyched myself out with that word
because it's intense and pretty personal
for me but we could definitely go get
ice cream or cheesecake a when they
actually have you on a second date
whether you say yes or no
I kind of said yeah yeah did you say it
yeah I was like we could go get
cheesecake or something all right
oh it's our cheesecake I wanted to
present I'll have your slice it's okay
I'll have your cheesecake whatever
thanks for watching t42 t42 is a series
where we set up people on blind dates
and always there is no script yes so let
us know what you think in the comments
please like and subscribe to our channel
for more videos and we'll see you next
time
