you
I'm a man mark and I interrupt you man
come on right yeah this is a new temple
of aleena mark hey glad you two know
each other
mark is our project lead for the account
so you'll be working very closely with
him for the next few months and thank
you to learn a lot from each other
I've got to run though I gotta catch a
call but make sure you show the ropes
get everything cleared and catch up okay
so you're here yeah I'm here
wow I thought you were traveling in
Africa well I was I was in Africa and it
was amazing but now I'm back just for a
little while saving up money I had this
huge trip to Southeast Asia coming up
Wow Asia I'm actually planning going to
Thailand soon you are for a vacation or
actually there's an orphanage that I
worked at a couple years back I've been
meaning to go back and visit the kids
that's amazing work cool when he going
I'm not sure I'm still planning it but I
hope to go back soon
sure so this is your office this is
where the magic happens that is a really
cute picture is that you Thailand that
is yeah that's me and soon on hmm he's a
really special kid hi I'm so sorry I
have to take this call but so good to
see you welcome welcome to the office I
guess we'll be working together well
yeah yeah yeah
hey Lina you have a minute yes please
what's up first of all you've been doing
an amazing job these past couple weeks
thank you I'm not sure if you've heard
but we're actually now hiring for a
full-time position and just spoke with
James and I convinced him to give you
the job
oh wow um thanks yeah I just you know
you're trying to save money and I figure
this way you'll make twice as much
annual have benefits yeah yeah no I hear
you
thanks again um do you think you'd be
offended if I turned it down uh I
thought you liked working here oh I do
know I love working here and I love our
lunch times and I'm very very grateful
it's just you know this was always
supposed to be a temporary thing you
know you knew that mark we're always
talking about traveling you you're
constantly talking about Thailand
I mean why aren't you going if that's
the only thing that makes you feel alive
look it's not that easy I bet our job
here and people depend on me I can't
just drop everything like you can I'll
go one day when it's right right I mean
I don't know I guess I just feel like me
for me the longer I wait the more I miss
you just don't want to miss out on life
you know you haven't changed a bit
look I'll try to help you but you can do
whatever you want hey mark mark
hey uh you guys yeah come on in Jim so
you have been killing it this past year
and me and the partners have noticed Wow
thanks so much yeah yep so uh the job
thank you mm-hmm you know what I just
wanna let you know that me and the big
guys upstairs we have been talking about
bringing you on his partner partner
really we all know that you are you're a
guy with a lot of options and we just
won't be able to keep it here and keep
you happy so whatever you need just come
to me we gotcha okay Wow thank you so
much James
really appreciate it yay looking for
partner thank you
hey Mark I hope you're doing well I'm
working my way through Southeast Asia
and guess who I ran into soon on look at
how much he's grown he told me about how
you found him on the street and brought
him to the orphanage he said if it
weren't for you he would probably still
be on the streets
mark I want you to know you're an
amazing person I hope you don't ever
lose that side of you
beautiful day hey hey hey hey hey
everybody thanks for watching if you
like this video please subscribe to
Jubilee project the reason why we
produced this film is to inspire all of
you to live for something greater and
that's why we're hosting our very first
ever Jubilee project conference here in
Los Angeles on June 21st we hope to see
you there please sign up at
www.archives.gov/calendar we'd love your
support I'm going to pages
