hey guys this is eddie from julie
project here to remind you to sign up
for our very first ever jublia project
conference called live for something
greater we've got some amazing amazing
speakers here to talk to you about what
it means to pursue your dreams and live
for something beyond ourselves so be
sure to sign up right now at Jubilee
project org slash conference we're also
launching the Jubilee project photo
campaign here are the guidelines one
fill out a piece of paper saying I live
for blank to take a photo of yourself
and three submitted to us via Facebook
and or instagram using the hashtag JP
con 14 and don't forget the tag Jubilee
project on it so the deadline for the
photo campaign is june thirteenth so be
sure to submit your photos soon we'll be
taking some of these photos and
reposting them on our Instagram so
follow us there and will be also picking
our favorite one and the person that
submitted that one will be getting a
free registration to our conference so
we can't wait to see all of your photos
we can't wait to see you at the
conference don't forget JP love live for
something greater see you guys soon
peace
