my told me that when I grow up I can be
anything that I want
she said I can be an astronaut dr.
painter or even the president being
president sounds fun and then I could
tell people what to do these are
important because mommy said that's what
keeps people alive it must be even more
important than food and water why can be
really hard sometimes but mommy said
when it gets tough we have to remember
what's really important like family and
laughing is more important than money
and nice toys I know it's hard for mommy
sometimes because it's just me
but she said love is priceless I didn't
know how much that is but it sounds like
a lot
money told me when I grew up I could be
anything I want so when I grow up I want
to be smart I want to be ready and I
want to be happy that's why when I grew
up I want to be my mommy
have your mother say we hope you enjoyed
watching when I grow up make sure you
send to your mom for Mother's Day a big
shout out to Jen from head to toe and
make sure you check out the BTS video
for bloopers and all that fun stuff
that's right you can also support jublia
project by going to our store DGSE store
calm goodbye t-shirts and also we're
very excited to announce our very
first-ever jublee puzzler conference if
you want to learn more and sign up go to
Jubilee project org slash conference
hope to see you there doing it is
contagious
