welcome to the behind the CEO cue music
sound good scene 5 beta audio 19 take
away
okay let's see you practice ready okay I
surely see no your exacting it's like in
the everyday things to be an amazing mom
is I think really incredible so no this
is for all of the moms out there
especially all the single moms all the
struggling moms hope this will give you
a little bit of hope and encouragement
we love you have another thing wait for
it it's gonna look completely different
oh no you read a prop
the fun part is working with Annie Mae
because she is fantastic and very very
very lovable she's an all-star and she's
also really into hip-hop and and great
dancing girl and a rapper word to mother
how does it how does it beep Dean for
Jason he that guy he wants so much
always asking for like high dynamic
range and like focus I mean what diva
focus come on how is it AC and E what
The Reckoning looks like yeah I just sit
here and then it's a picture book this
is a beautiful shot
obviously a gem there's gonna be a lot
more beautiful than me Here I am fixing
the same there's an amazing shot list
this is like for real shot with yeah we
made the storyboard this is anything's
worth Anderson so what are you doing
here today I'm here cuz there's free
snacks
yeah they got
we could what a word to mother Day
Mother's Day all happy Mother's Day
and it spins me
