I never wear makeup except when they
force me to house with that and this
film is going to be awesome will it make
you speechless
or lost for words yes
should I saw that I saw that this is
really exciting for us because we got to
work with charming before unless pick
even to this day I still hear people
talking about that video
this year our foundation we were like we
want to make something that's similar
and they wanted to really highlight
their partner which is pear parison
unique in that we focused specifically
and only on refugee youth there's after
school programs or hanging out with them
or tutoring or whatever it is you know
they're trying to be a positive
influence in their lives and Chloe is
one of those kids who's been impaired
this is his fourth year so you know he's
one of the usually he's a living example
of what they're doing do you feel like
you were a bully too when you're on oh
yeah they're bullying on you like you go
into to lunch
like the take your food you're not
you're going to arresting the tea the
water and then disperse in the face you
try to figure a pencil or a bandage just
talking I mean like
it's really sad yeah it really said my
character I was frightening when the
first time I came to school a lot afraid
don't know what to do when you know a
new kid comes into your environment
he doesn't really feel like he's a part
of that community and you saw today
Chloe eating mashed potatoes in the
cafeteria that was actually truly your
first time to try and mashed potatoes so
you know it's things that we take for
granted every day that our students
really value the first time I came to
America I mean I was lost in school
don't know what to do and I was even cry
to get us out there's nobody to talk to
there's nobody you can communicate on
there's nobody who want to help you
because you don't speak English you
don't speak the language and they don't
even know you and they don't know how
you feel so this story I meet the kid I
love him and then by the end of the
story he's going out and love
and so it's just a hopefully like a
little chain reaction type thing pair
has really only grown and been able to
expand our reach since having this
partnership with Jeremy and his
foundation they really see him as a
mentor and as a role model our
motivation is just God sent His Son
Jesus Christ on the cross for us and
about his sacrificial act of love and
you know that's the basis for why you
know I we feel like we should go out and
love other people and that's one of the
reasons I think the story is so
important for us to share I think we can
both the test to every day that he's
found that especially working with Jason
and Eugene he really come out of his
shell before I working on this project I
was like how am I supposed to do this I
mean this is gonna be hard but then when
I come I find I use it's not that hard
it was that easy but yet to try again
again you it was fun Imperius I can't
even get him to say all poem and for him
to sit up in front of 20 people he
doesn't know and
I mean the first thing you get a lot for
Germany yeah it was very interesting
because I didn't much know anything
about him until I see him and he was he
was very nice guy and sometimes he can
be very funny too
Chloe is awesome really down-to-earth
really cool
the trooper so he never complains
the state - uh what's the title of this
film but you can tell it's day two
because you start seeing people's facial
hair I think the message I want other
people who learn is I'm just to do
whatever it takes to love radically one
huge step that people can take once they
watch this film is to go and learn more
about pair which is an amazing
organization in Houston that helps
refugees with immersion I think even
broader than that it's to think about
how people in their own communities can
help others in me and there's a lot of
people who try to bully - and trying to
think that you're crazy Oh still because
don't know anything but we have to be
strong we can all be Jeremy's character
as well if you notice in the story he's
not like this huge NBA star and he needs
to be amazing at basketball that helped
Kenyatta
really it's because he sees him and he's
persistent in showing love and kindness
that ultimately Kenyatta against the
trust him shout out to Jubilee project
you guys are always taking care of me
and the Jeremy Lin foundation putting in
ridiculous ridiculous hours making sure
every detail is done perfectly
just thankful for our partnership and
how much you guys I've seen you guys
grow in the last two three years and
just everything you guys are doing
I've got to cherish you to always be by
your side and to love you
unconditionally because no matter what
happens they'll be worth
