you go viral it's just the video of me
in the bathroom and then like the phrase
was pika pika Taryn what's that one
booth you wanna sell a lot so I was just
casually walking around huh I'm
recording and guess what I look gonna
guess what I find my bunion mmm-hmm pick
up Iike bitch
my name is Karen my Instagram is fruity
poppin I am 18 years old and I currently
have 1.4 million followers well pop in
like you know what oh you you pop in you
know that's like a saying so and I like
fruits so you're popping it is nice my
brand hey man what happened was coochie
necklace I got Instagram I think I was
15 but then it started getting more
attention when I was 17 it just kind of
happened it all just rushed up I would
see lots of reposts of my post and then
bigger celebrities posted it like Chris
Brown reposted it and I was just like oh
that's me
right away yes hey guys my question
button isn't working for some reason but
I want you guys to DM me your questions
because I will be answering them and my
stories so I love engaging with people I
love meeting new people lots of DMS it's
a great platform to reach out to people
and to connect with people and it's like
I'm hosting a big party I didn't really
realize how powerful Instagram was as a
business tool until I was reached out by
bigger companies who offered
compensation along with you know free
stuff did you give us a ballpark figure
how much
a poster on the right sponsor
let's not talk about
in the back of my mind I hide University
real clean around so I was just like oh
I should consider this oh I am I am I
feel independent in a way but again I'm
really thankful to be blessed with
having this platform it's just amazing
and I don't have to burden my parents
with having them pay for my tuition it's
your favorite oh I lost it
no I lost the question someone asked me
maybe remember lost the question
environment and sustainability so we
were learning about the environment and
sustainability
y'all just sipping my afternoon tea
it's best that my story a lot of a lot
of the questions are really nicer they
usually ask how are you so pretty or how
are you so cute I usually just say thank
you yes and I send a heart the good
thing about social media is that you can
easily reach out to people you can
easily discover who you are and your
interests but a con to that would be the
fact that social media could really be
damaging to your your image of yourself
some people would be like she's not even
funny right like that's the basic simple
stuff but then some people would go deep
and like dig into your physical
appearance I've also heard like you're a
public figure you're a celebrity you
should be used to like having these
things said to you and it's like oh I
mean most of the time I would take it to
heart to be honest but it shouldn't
affect me because it's just through a
screen you know
I wanted to take a little Halloween pose
of course I dressed up some photos oh I
take a lot I think like a hundred and
that's not even that is not even over
overdoing it for me I choose the one or
two that are good and then I put it
through Rubisco which is a filter app I
post it and I usually try to engage with
as many people as I can my ask me a
question it's just a fun time 4311 and
it's been three minutes
oh yeah
oh it's radical Instagram has definitely
changed the way I see my future I'm in
university as a sociology student but
because my Instagram kind of took off
I'm thinking of switching into creative
industries I'd love to you know make
films being shows being movies direct
right here yo I don't even do this like
if it's like Avril Lavigne's hop in hey
best friends oh I want to create content
to make people happy if I can make their
day or you know make them forget about
something that sad then I'll post
something and try to make them happy
oh yes for sure I'm so happy with my
life things are going great I like to
look at things in a positive light you
know positive outlook is what makes you
happy so a lot of things are going
really well in my mind
what are you giving me when you get
you know what I'm probably gonna take a
nap I know I should be studying but
maybe after my nap thank you Jubilee for
coming to Toronto it was really great
oh wait let's hope it loads though
we tried we thought stay fruity stay
poppin sleazy and go do some Jubilee
watching
you
