one of the most joyous moments in our
relationship was when we heard that we
won the lawsuit and then you got down on
one knee and proposed to me
we have a very exciting relationship our
relationship is enduring and very very
true love I would agree with that I like
to say the first impression I had of
Chrissie was that it was like it was
like lust at first sight she was so
beautiful and I was actually trying to
introduce her to someone else but I just
I got swept off of my feet by her beauty
I mean she's just one of the most
beautiful people I've ever seen and I
can't believe I married her she was
everything that I had been dreaming of
literally that week I had been dreaming
of going and meeting the woman of my
dreams I wanted to meet an artist I
wanted to her to have long brown hair I
saw her and I was like oh my god she's
she's right here she's in front of me I
said it was lust at first sight and I
said he were just them like so beautiful
and I can't believe I married you when I
first saw you it was literally like
seeing a dream come true I dreamt of you
that week and even down to your hair and
I walked out and there you were and you
were like a vision and I was like oh my
gosh there's the rest of my life
standing right in front of me that it
was so much more romantic than when I
said you'll catch up
yeah well huh Oh our first real date was
I picked her up and we went to a little
restaurant and she was like so skinny
and I had no idea like what how much
this girl can eat and we went to a
restaurant she was like ordered this
like massive pile of fries and just like
ate the whole thing within like five
minutes and then we went to go see a
musical called Spring Awakening and I
was crazy about her and at the end of
the date I called my mom and was like
I'm crazy about this girl she was like
come on over I want to meet her our
first date was I believe it was October
3rd 2011 she took me to see one of her
all-time favorite
at Broadway shows Spring Awakening I
already knew at that point that I was
like I want to spend the rest of my life
with this girl I know I get carried away
and like I fall so fast but I really did
know and then he met her mom that night
so I guess she new to Spring Awakening
yes she did it what day did date yeah
was in spring he took me for my birthday
October 5th it was October 3rd it's not
your birthday so that's a trick question
so did you say about the going to the
restaurant first no I just said I
already knew I wanted to spend my life
with you and I didn't know how you felt
but then you took me to meet your mom so
I guess you were thinking that day I
said that they said they took you to
meet my mom pastor love hmm having a
relationship scrutinized by hundreds of
thousands of people is really intense
and I think that if we didn't really
love each other we would have not made
it through having a YouTube channel
that's the truth we started daily
vlogging and it nearly broke up our
relationship because we started
realizing we weren't really interacting
with each other but really interacting
for a camera most any couple who is a
vlogger who's been doing it for any
substantial amount of time would say
that it's really damaging to their
relationship you know gosh um I think
having our channel in the limelight
having a relationship in the limelight
has affected us in a negative way I
think that not having any any
independence for years you know our
channel is Bria and Chrissy our email is
Bria and Chrissy we kind of lost
ourselves and just became one unit and I
think that over the last year we've been
finally finding ourselves again I said
that having the channel adds a
significant amount of pressure that's
all you said oh sorry we went to her
boat yeah my lifejacket
I said that having the channel at
an immense amount of pressure but also
having the channel allowed fans to
remind us in those hardest times that
they saw our true love and it was able
to draw us back to like know what we
have is really true love but I think
that the channel and the vlogging is
incredibly destructive and that's the
only reason we were able to like sustain
having a youtube channel is because our
we are relationship so genuine otherwise
we would never have made it and the
positives was that we you know have all
these wonderful memories that we get to
look back on for the rest of our lives
I'm gonna go along the lines of the
YouTube the worst mistake that I ever
made was Chrissy I did a bunch of pranks
on me and it was like 10 and they were
like really annoying praying because
like I can't have caffeine and she went
to get me a decaf coffee but it wasn't
decaf and she gave it to me at like 7 oh
it's the worst night sleep of my life
like she she just like pulled a bunch of
really annoying pranks on me so I
decided I was like I'll just get her
back I'll just one-up her mmm so I broke
up with her on camera I don't know what
the hell I was thinking
anyways the worst worst worst idea to
ever do something like that to someone
you love and I was like oh my god I
can't post this because like she was
crying and it was so sad she was like if
I went through this you're gonna post it
on the Internet you don't need to be
smiling babe I would say that the the
biggest mistakes that I've made in our
relationship is
drinking I battled PTSD for nine years
and during the case and the lawsuit and
the revenge porn like I just got into
such a sad dark place in my mind and
wanting to escape it there was two times
and I drank and both times Bria thought
that I was going to die the doctor said
I might die and one was in 2013 and I
was lucky to survive and I promise to
never drink again
and and then the other was last Saturday
when I relapsed and I drank again and I
almost died I put her through that twice
and I hate I hate that and now I'm
finally getting real true help for this
disease but also I never I never want to
die and I never want the person who
loves me more than anyone has ever loved
me to have to go through that pain again
I want to love myself which I clearly
have struggled with I want to love
myself in the same true way that Bree
loves me I said the two worst mistakes
that I made it rain is my drinking 2013
and then last Saturday what did you say
I said that putting you putting you
through twice now the fear of death the
fear of almost losing me because of my
torment and my mental anguish putting
you through that is is the two worst
mistakes that I've made what did you say
I said about the YouTube prank where I
broke up with you oh oh all our shits
out there no that's a gay time I'm being
honest yeah I told her when she survived
last week I told her that I made vows to
her in sickness and in health and she's
sick
I've never been loved the way that
breather loves me and I've never loved
anyone or anything in the way that I
love Bria and I feel like that love can
get us through literally anything and it
feels like we've been through everything
I would say one of the most incredible
moments in our relationship was about a
year into our relationship we realized
that we were going to have to enter a
lawsuit and Chrissie became the
first-ever person to pursue a lawsuit of
this nature and for years four and a
half years of fighting this lawsuit tie
tirelessly like I mean it's just took up
our lives we were in England and it got
announced that we won the lawsuit and
getting to hear that moment and feel
that moment with the person that you
loved who had been fighting so hard for
this accomplishment was just like
nothing I've ever experienced in my life
and right after that moment she got down
on one knee and proposed to me I would
say a defining moment in our
relationship was probably the Dougs a
day that I found out I was a victim of
revenge porn it was like our world came
crashing down and we were crushed that
whole week that defining defining moment
was starting the case for me and I
became like incapable of functioning
like I was just so distraught my life
had completely just shattered and Bria
loved me so much
she knew the terror that we were both
feeling and she stayed strong stayed my
rock and found us an attorney like gave
me the courage to pursue this lawsuit
kept loving me through all the night
terrors all of the pain all of the
drinking all of the just anguish of PTSD
and she stayed with me she gave me the
strength to keep fighting when I didn't
think that I could keep fighting I
no if I could survive I think you knew
that my answer would be like the moment
that we found out about the revenge porn
that whole thing of you being there for
me when I was completely crushed you
know what my answer was
winning the lawsuit that's so
interesting because I think winning the
lawsuit was a defining moment for us but
that was like the victorious part I
think that the the part of finding out
and then you choosing to stay for five
years it's like that was the defining
moment for me one of the most joyous
moments in our relationship was when we
heard that we won the lawsuit and then
you got down on one knee and proposed to
me how could I not after you stuck by me
for all those years that's like the only
thing I could think of to celebrate so
we did kind of say the same thing just
different in different aspect yeah the
beginning in the end yeah there's pretty
much not a reason why I don't love her
our hearts just love each other
I would do anything for you I don't even
know how to explain it I just can't help
myself I can't help but love her it's
like I don't know it's like our hearts
were just destined to know each other
it's like Bria feels like home to me I
can't help but love her I said our
hearts just love each other and I would
do anything for you
I said I can't help but love you because
it's like our hearts just know each
other and I just hope but love you your
heart feels like home to me you feel
like home we want a good thumbnail I
just want to give I know give me a kiss
don't do what something kiss
