what's inside is about a young man who
threw out a course of time finds luck
but any thinks it's from a lucky bag but
really what we find out is that it's
really from himself
we're really grateful to Verizon for
sponsoring this film and helping us put
this film together I feel like I'm very
similar to Jimmy I'm kind of shy I'm
kind of insecure about my abilities and
my grandma needs to reassure me that
composite is what's inside that matter
it is what's inside
not now what's outside is not good right
now you're looking this way but it's a
little it feels a little too far off
what do you this I'm hoping it's money
that my grandma she's probably not going
to get any money grandma's room and this
is when grandma gives Jimmy this is
gonna be actually the scene for the
party where people are celebrating her
new year
very romantic
Jimmy's on you yeah my official title is
the first assistant director
Jason I'm his right-hand man I do
whatever he tells me to do so is so
was one of our favorites oh my gosh he's
one of my favorites way way way way back
no any any time Jubilee needs anything
like I will give my life to them they
are the coolest guys doing so much good
for the world and I'm all for it
we did a cafe scene behind me where I
laughed hysterically because my man
Jimmy is very funny and he poked fun of
me a lot and then before that we did a
music scene where Josh Jimmy
Josh to me I was playing the guitar in
there and I'm like
not really it's like a tiny little light
but we get to kiss tomorrow
oh my god
I just fell a bunch of times and now
we're doing it now the close-up shot and
so I'm gonna actually have to trip I
don't know how to do it properly so you
guys are gonna have to tell me how I do
with mrs. principal I at Fischler school
she was the one who is kind enough and
generous enough to allow us to use to
school so thank you so much for allowing
us to be here our pleasure
I think we've seen something like 16
hours day or 15 hours today so we really
excited for tonight's scene we've got
all these great Winter Formal lights
coming up and the signs on tonight
tonight that Jimmy professors love for
Katie and then behold she reciprocates
good really good since our last shot of
the evening of the week of the entire
film
it's a coach yes on and then we'll be
done
we want Jimmy to come across real very
authentic and raw I have to do but you
know we want his like true spirit to
shine and we want every boy feel related
with this moment and stuff to capture
but my name's Josh can do it Katie I've
had a crush on you this whole entire
year I just never thought I was good
enough there's good past couple of days
I just realized it's awesome the inside
that matters
you go to winter formal with me and cut
really good great
good job
I've always loved you I never thought
once I would leave you
