you know I'm on a campus and I'm looking
at elementary school kids saying fuck
that nigga and of
no no you don't remember me yeah I tried
to show some love to my enemies but I
shoulda stayed home like I rather be
jealousy got you trying to get ahead of
me when my numbers I know you forgetting
me be when I blow you gonna throw me
like a Kennedy got a little motor get
all these little holes
that was take one it takes that's gonna
be oh I was impressed with his moves
yeah and one of the problems is I wish I
could do that but all day just taking
that away from me
yeah I'm gonna live it I'm you can live
through me yeah you live the rain did
you write the music yeah all the way
yeah oh that's real good to you okay I
like the fact or not I like your
movements and your energy and I like the
fact that I could understand what you
were saying
whereas so many young singers come up
there and you can't hear a word of what
the message is they're trying to hear so
that was good related thank you do you
feel a singer has a social
responsibility when he writes it of the
issues he's trying to get across and how
he gets them across yes or no I feel
like the singer or the artist has a
responsibility to to capture what their
reality is in the generation I'm in now
there's this thing of everybody being
offended and I think that can silence
voices and do as much harm as people I
guess spreading what the public would
describe as a negative message you know
you believed to be or want to be your
primary audience the audience is like
when I perform are pretty like mixed in
general like as far as race and age so
it's like I just want whoever can relate
to it to relate to it you know but I
still want to circle back to the other
discussion it concerns we were some of
the verbage
the young kids they're like tape
recorders and they do sing all the words
can I say words or say what I want to
say okay so when you use the word fuck
or nigger or bitch then you know I'm on
a campus and I'm looking at elementary
school kids saying fuck that nigga
burstner
and yet you're saying you want to teach
them some kind of self respect then when
you use them and you say this is okay
that's like endorsing them so yeah I
have a problem with that especially if
you're a songwriter those kids are gonna
hear that
when it comes to a certain guy I suggest
that you take the opposite points
they're going to hear a lot of negative
negative things from other places they
look to you and they respect you and I
find that you can be respected
without that kind of language without
that kind of discourse everything you're
saying is true you know what I mean like
I feel like there's two truths we should
look at okay what about life is making
these people say these things like what
do we need to change about society
that's causing this language cuz know
the words you're speaking of they didn't
originate from a song you know they have
they have a deep history I grew up
hearing it so when I write a song it
just comes out and I feel almost wrong
just cutting it out on purpose so maybe
you can just decide when you need you an
occasional f-bomb yeah yeah it doesn't
ruin it for me but if that's every other
word out of their mouth you know like
come on but if somebody slaps your mom
then they're a bitch you know what I
mean it's like it's it's all context
when it comes down to it so I definitely
when I write choose the context when I
choose to use those words well I enjoyed
your singing but what I would like to
know is where I get a shirt like that
old way this whole outfit that you have
on I would wear so I'm glad we share the
same
the reason I chose this one is yeah it
has the sunglasses and a smile because I
think you're cool
and that's a cool emoji the smile is I
was bopping to the music for my
sunglasses around because I didn't want
you to see my look and some of your
words like excuse me I use but I like
your total performance I picked up that
one too but there's a part of me that
wants to give you this one when I found
out they you wrote the music yourself
because that makes all the difference to
me actually I've never heard music like
that
I couldn't leave I guess I lead a pretty
sheltered life I would have kept all
that away from my little children I
guess it really would be this one I'm
sorry okay you an excellent performer
thank you I'll say that much that
expresses it well a wink and a smile
because I really this is not my type of
music not the music I grew up with oh
babe door enjoy I did enjoy the fact
that I could understand what you were
saying and your energy I was jealous of
thank you thank you
good performance thank you so much their
parents could have judged yeah I think I
think all words getting normal
what do you do words I guess there's no
word yes hey guys thanks so much for
watching this episode if you liked what
you saw please subscribe and leave a
comment below
