hello you have reached Schuyler
unfortunately I can't take your call
right now but I'll get back to you as
soon as possible please leave me your
name number and message after the beep
Schuyler please pick up this is dr. tag
we're worried about you in the stage of
your hepatitis B we don't know if he'll
last another week I'm sorry I didn't
mean to interrupt anything it's okay
come join me excuse me I'm Skylar um
that oh that was a little bit higher
than I was expecting I know isn't it
beautiful
you look troubled what's wrong I don't
know I guess things haven't been going
my way sounds like you're depressed
yeah
I guess you could say that
well I guess that makes both of us
broken
you know what you're not gonna get this
back unless you go on a date with me
tomorrow but go in your Park 10:00 a.m.
this is a joke nope I'm totally serious
look I've had a really long day so if
you could just give me back my phone
hey give me back my phone you have to go
on a date with me first I don't even
know you tell me what are your dreams
are you talking about the things you
imagine when nothing can hold you back
no don't think about those things how
about you what are your dreams I want to
travel back in time climb to the highest
point in the world picnic in Wonderland
do everything I want without a single
worry
maybe one day I'll catch a cloud kind of
impossible that's the beauty of it to
make the impossible possible that's a
dream
if I give you your phone back you're
probably going to go back to your
miserable life so why not live a little
you
lost myself in a storm
I've been running
I'm a broken heart oh
see down
wait a second what are we gonna do up
there we're gonna go up to the top and
catch a cloud I don't I don't think
that's such a good idea come on Matt
it'll be fun can't we just do something
else go
I said no what's the big deal
I'm afraid of heights
who cares I'll be with you I care okay
look I don't even know you know what I'm
through with this I mean just keep my
phone Matt Matt
sorry mr. hull hey Matt I know you're
angry at me right now but I just wanted
to leave you a message I didn't get a
chance to tell you this but I've had
hepatitis B for a long time the day we
met I ran out of the hospital because I
didn't want to spend the last few
moments of my life stuck in a room I
just wanted to live what little life I
had left with someone I cared about and
I just happened to meet you by the time
you hear this message I might not be
around anymore
just remember to ease up a bit make the
impossible possible
one day you'll be able to catch a cloud
of your own
thank you so much for watching catching
clouds again that was written and
directed by our very own JP teller the
reason why this story means so much to
us is that hepatitis B is a very serious
disease known as a silent killer because
it affects over 1 in 10 asian-americans
and Pacific Islanders but the good news
is that we can actually treat and
prevent this disease if more people knew
about it and so that's why we want to
invite you to join us and make a
difference tell us something that was
impossible that you were able to
overcome and send it to us via Twitter
Instagram and Facebook at cube we
project with the hashtag JP catching
class we look forward to hearing your
stories
