oh you're gonna position the camels one
like Iran they're like this but I kinda
need to be right where her head is I
think yeah so let's see what happens
you're ready to practice you know first
side of the day slurping the ramen so
much fun do you have a better way to
start a day than eating ramen this
should never use like eight o'clock in
the morning does that say ramen
commercial JP endorses Rana
well what Brando endure severe done
Shinra okay all right so crazier more
you're bringing up ramen first one ready
action
and into little okay you gotta finish it
though no I got it you know on in power
ramen celebrating birthday Christine's
20 seconds it's my birthday my 20th
birthday
look at those invitations
I know I said to her
I understand with you on a mountain I
wanna bathe with you in the sea I wanna
how they should sing it to you you wanna
be living in a see that's kind of I've
had a man crush on Kela since I met him
which is seven years ago I haven't told
him this yet don't tell him I said that
but are you shooting this right now oh
shoot
but it's always been a dream of mine to
be able to go tandem biking my love and
killing is the closest person to that
okay that's enough it's not Rock camera
bromance I'm jealous I don't get that
kind of treatment of me
why are you jacking my scene from me
what is happening
I think they recast me Christine I quit
fantasy ride I'm gonna die
then we got it dang it
the professional cyclist wins that's
good that's scary
right next to a chalice
here
or do you take one you can see the color
actually I cheated
I heard something
what do I
I would say if anything I think we got
I face this reply each touch my face
that's really the reason why we're
growing these beards it's just very
practical keeps us more my chin right
now so or more miss birnley body it's
the camera though if the videos like
this isn't allowed to shake you know I'm
just like muscle sucking tired and cold
no I like splitting my face oh yeah
Bethany also the hand upon the hand
all right action
okay okay I got you go up and you touch
them on the face we're meeting each
other's personal space on their minds
sorry I thought you're just in time for
dinner
it's more like she's doing this but hey
as a time it's crisp or speed is
perfectly cooked
like you don't doubt your senses
pessimal be no idea
okay do you know what me on their time
today so what will usually go bad
that's so bad an accent second on
genna's just like i come come because
he's gonna be like brink I got here
right I may be here and then you want to
feel your pain
hey guys welcome to Eric's credit if you
come to sweat is this this what we call
the UH the office space but before we
take you inside I just want to present
you this mural of Eric here is I was in
high school
all the guys preppy he also played the
violin in the orchestra and you can get
think of his stunts shades and it's a
crew uniform there I think I'm close
upon this and he obviously played
volleyball so he can she has nice form
with the volume wall there she obviously
plays basketball with a visor I've never
seen anyone do it with apparently that's
how he likes playing oh well the boss
looks you're close to the lens there and
there's another nice picture there
playing the violin it finally last but
not least in fact back shadow there's a
jack
I just wanted to give you guys a tour
but mainly I just want to show you this
well hello there
we're on day three of the MasterChef
that's where I'm actually learning how
to cook culinary key on leave yes two
men should kill me let me stab him dead
master chef Carter war style my dick
what's that where would you be people
cannibal cannibal cannibal I'm a man of
or she's a man you are kidding she lying
no even your brother is like vicious no
better get me up to near me
no one you worry we couldn't find you
and now we're like an hour behind
schedule or steepy ever see the terrible
is it on
ready this is my first time working with
the Jubilee project and they are so
unprofessional
and I just had it up to here with them
Jubilee project can kiss my butt okay
explain what we're about to do so we're
about to shoot a very emotional scene
this is Christine's breakdown this is
the lowest life right now she is
basically lost majority of her vision
and she's feeling helpless she's feeling
that she can't be able to do anything
anymore
she's lost her passions she can't cook
she can't drive she can't work she can't
make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich
the peanut butter and jelly sandwich is
very symbolic in this film it's where
the thing that triggers this breakdown
but it's also the thing that brings her
back again that helps her reclaim her
life allows her to build new memories
laughter define what she loves to do in
life again
you tired
tired but excited that's all right ready
roll sound
that's right this represents the hard
work the grind the challenge the triumph
of everything that we've been through
these past couple days and weeks this
story is incredible to all of us because
for Christine and also for a lot of us
sometimes it's only through pain and
suffering and through loss of vision
that were able to see clearly our
purpose in life
so this is a story that inspires us and
we hope that through all the grime and
dirt over here will come a beautiful
creation
