over the past two years we've learned
that making a difference begins with
having the faith that a simple act can
make a tremendous impact in the summer
of 2012 we left our jobs and school to
pursue the Jubilee project full time and
make videos for a good cause
I will walk there should I say
today we're going without shoes that
kids don't have to millions of children
around the world suffer from risk of
infection and foot disease because they
can't afford a pair of shoes
thank you hi I'm Eddie I'm Eric and I'm
Jason over the last few years we have
been fortunate to pursue his passion
projects with your love and support we
produce 70 videos raised over thirty
thousand dollars from nonprofits around
the world and garnered over four million
years in our videos this next year we'll
be making a film to help end aids yep
that's right we want to create a film
that will spark the end of an epidemic
the truth is were closed the na nations
estimates that with the proper funding
and support we can have an aids-free
generation of children by 2050
if you get this please help mommy get
better again
love him
Oh
see
where
ha
a shuttle
this one
this love is catching me by surprise
your eyes and look in a million times
and I piss in my ass not a big deal just
play it cool i BES used to do a back in
middle school and know what don't have a
problem with incontinence I should I
piss in my own november six make sure
you guys go out and bolt cut mer mmm
David this is this is part of the
concept you just have to as part of town
she's had to go with it you I didn't do
this yeah
I
I
we were encouraged and inspired by the
countless stories of people around the
world who also believe that doing good
is contagious be honest sometimes we
have our fair share of fears and
questions what were reminded that
ordinary people can do extraordinary
things we wanted to have the courage to
look for something greater than
ourselves what lies ahead is not certain
but it'll be a crazy ride and we'd love
for you to join us
you
ready yep 12
you
