hey everybody we are the doobly project
and we make videos for a good cause and
this is the behind the scenes for a
short film box line that's right this is
just a quick video we want to show you
how we made film and so fireflies was
one of our favorite videos to produce
for a couple reasons one it was our
first time working solely with kids and
we were very lucky to find two amazing
kid actors who made the set pretty crazy
but a lot of fun too
this story is very near and dear to our
hearts it took us about a year to write
to produce this film but it's one that
we're very proud of some of the
challenges involved getting the shots
that we wanted and we were pretty
ambitious especially with the scooter
scene where we literally hung me out of
a moving car with the camera dangling on
the ground I was Ehrich to get the shots
of the wheels you know another challenge
was just getting the shots across the
windows where we had these really cheap
walkie-talkies that we had to
communicate with
and when they were brilliant and they're
really patient with us as well so all
the effort was I was going to do another
show ultimately fireflies is a simple
story about love we felt it was so
important for us to share this story
because autism is a disorder that is so
often misunderstood and what's more is
that it can be so difficult for us to
see beyond disorder but sometimes it
takes the innocence of children to
remind us that it doesn't matter who you
are or what you look like or what your
background is that there's beauty in all
of you so we hope you really enjoyed it
we hope that you'll now take action and
join us in our two campaigns Tweety
Taylor and autism is learn more in the
description box below and of course as
always subscribe to us like us follow us
and share this video with your friends
thanks for everything guys
when you come out
