alright David just gonna have you walked
that yellow line right here um you look
at that camera right on a day okay sure
why not gonna be great Arden I'll take
two ready action so november six make
sure you go out and vote it's dumb but
what don't vote why wouldn't you vote
it's kind of like that PSA they did four
years ago that's Hollywood this is you
Jenna that's one thing that's Stu me so
on november six make sure you don't vote
is just a campaign from not voting
mmm-hmm on november six make sure to
cover david Choi do this to David so
they all said this november six make
sure you guys go out and vote cut there
hmm david this is this is part of the
concept you just have to as part of town
she's had to go with it you i didn't i
didn't do this you know I used to be a
kid like you where I was like I'm only
one person what is voting matter we
should vote as our voice needs to be
heard everything in your life is
directly influenced by your vote
everything that you see that you don't
like you actually have the power to
change it your health care your family's
health care your education why don't we
all vote I'm gonna vote are you gonna
vote but you guys know that you have to
register in order to vote right and you
didn't register to vote and you can vote
you do know that right national
registration day September 25th or you
could just do it now it's easier here's
the link right here right over dirty
bass go ahead oh wait
actually can someone plays a music it's
a little awkward in here you need to
hear your voice some register and can
survive ask you for one last favor just
send us videos like five your friends
cuz if you care your friends will care
dear subscribers on YouTube go and vote
everybody go out and register kabo stick
together we can take action hashtag take
action I believe in you do it we can
take action ah sorry why are some here
while you're late where are you I was
registering isn't that what this is all
da where's where's film Ted they want to
go register oh okay that's cool so the
message might do that you register
you
