okay I can't know when I say action you
flying away okay wait I can't yet take
that evil monster off and I'm gonna keep
on cutting yourself um no need to think
it's what I do you need to save the
world
I'll be back in a flash
you
I
my biggest strength is I'm a hard worker
and I always give 110% I think it really
stems from my passions in life it'll
make me a great Boston and you're in
your purse I raised weakness well if I
don't express my opinions about or
college my disagree with huh oh that's a
great question well as we're gonna clog
while society I start as society's first
alumni bentrik that's a good answer
thank you
you got a car
come back
slow
well thanks for being with us the Law
School Admission Board was quite
impressed with your application this
final interview is our last chance to
get to know you a little bit better so
John why don't you start by telling us a
little bit about yourself
sure well I was born and raised right
here in the city and I'm the younger of
two brothers and ever since I can
remember I've wanted to be a lawyer and
I think this really bully continuing
with let me explain how I got you to be
that's me John Lee yep of the thousands
of names that my parents could have
given me the choice John made according
to a 2010 census 5 percent of the u.s.
population is Asian American that's 15
million people also let's assume a 50/50
gender split and they say that Lee is
the most common Asian name at 30% it
feels like one out of every penny Asian
guys like me it's also John so according
to my calculations there are another two
hundred twenty four thousand nine
hundred ninety nine other John leaves
roaming this earth I guess you can say
that from birth I was destined to live a
pretty typical Asian life for my fifth
birthday I asked for a baseball mitt
instead I received a stethoscope
my turn nine my parents decided they
were putting too much pressure on me to
become a doctor so they let me choose
they said I could be a lawyer too if I
wanted when I was 14 my parents gift to
me was an SAT book it was an interesting
childhood stabilities by the time I was
ready for college the birthday present
stopped coming
well sorry surprise Oh thing thanks mom
it's good for you come down for dinner
hammer ball
John oh no - wait Pongo I so so nervous
oh oh I'm not sure
oh I'll check later so you excited to
graduate tomorrow and not the college so
you know I guess so I think I'd be more
excited for studying film at USC do all
your see very good film school but you
study pre-law Georgetown much better
choice mom you know that pre-law such an
unoriginal major that's what all the
kids say when they can't think of
anything else to study so they're
pre-law or pre-med listen you need to
think about future you need respectable
career mm-hmm how are you gonna you want
to study filmmaking you study as hobby
um I told you it's more than just a
hobby for me for Sugarman no no kioku no
no put in your mama under queer huh that
being said that does the movies no
joking it's very serious you think about
your future how you gonna make money for
your band but when we get old you take
care of us yah Daniel he's so happy he
happy studying pre-med at Columbia I
believe you've been more like Daniel
you'll be happy I'll say that I'm good
at
hmm happy big dude whatever
John character is important in our
profession he describes someone who has
influenced you greatly in your life well
that's easy
that be my older brother Daniel you see
ever since were young he's been there
for me and I love my older brother
Daniel but we couldn't be more different
he was a model son loved practicing the
piano was dedicated to his studies I was
born to be a doctor me let's just say
we're pretty different
so regardless of our differences we've
always been best friends and he's the
only one who's ever supported my dreams
you're right we'll put some ball tonight
you sure you want to get schooled again
okay oh yeah I'll be done in sick
I wish so - yeah little bro what's up
what's up
come on that's up what's up seeming a
diaper oh shut up
she's gotten a lot better huh she's
going old man what's that me talking now
we're talking
humph what was
headshot old man hey mom said earlier
don't worry about it
Georgetown's a great school they got a
good film program the girls are even
better so you know what you're doing
this summer yeah I was a few men doing
that service trip to Africa that you
mentioned you should bring a camera with
you yeah that's a good idea
do you ever feel like your life's been
mapped out for you already like we're
just coloring in the lines yeah why it's
kind of like that I just want to do
something more do something there's
something great you know just make sure
you're ready to take the opportunities
as they come
just like basketball take the open shot
I never miss hey I got you something I
figure it'll come in handy when you get
inspired by all those great ideas of
yours thanks Daniel don't use it until
you get to school you can write down all
the things you want to tell me I'm sure
you'll have a lot of great new and
interesting experiences yeah
all right game best Saturday you're on
Daniel was right I spent four amazing
weeks that summer in Kenya which sparked
a passion for documentary filmmaking
that I never expected and Danny was
right about Georgetown too they had a
great film program and some pretty cute
girls in fact I discovered this in the
first day of school like most college
students class that was often used to
catch up on sleep
unfortunately the class after psych 101
was good morning everyone and welcome to
your first class in the introduction of
the female anatomy my name is Professor
mud and today we will be discussing the
fallopian tubes
does anyone know what this is anyone's
listen to these go cheap on the infamous
over a master chant you do not want to
get me started on the bed cycle does the
Vestal cycle again over there she can
meet it is the gate be to a land that
you do not want to go to fellas
her name is Sarah yeah she's really cool
we've had a couple dates so far I think
you haven't you'd like her a lot I think
I'm gonna ask her out tonight oh here
she comes
wish me luck call you later
hey baby it's easy to Burling
the smiling laughing is coming so
sara was unlike any girl I've ever met
she was smart passionate and beautiful
she continuously challenged me to become
a better person and never failed to put
a smile on my face
I never intended to date the first girl
I met at college but sometimes love
doesn't work out the way we expect just
a couple of final questions
it's our decisions that make us who we
are
can you describe a time in your life
that you had to make a really difficult
decision
Robert Frost once said two roads
diverged in a wood and I took the one
less traveled by and that has made all
the difference now as I prepared to
graduate college while I'd like to heed
mr. Frost advice I seriously doubt that
he had Asian parents blocking the path
less travel also it doesn't help that
Sarah was now literally dragging me down
the well beaten path to attend law
school and ultimately to live in
middle-class suburbia hey baby
hey I got you something don't get me
wrong I love Sarah but amazing this is
perfect how do I look it looks wonderful
I'll definitely wear thank you so much
my pleasure what do you got - um I was
actually just journaling a little bit
and I actually finished that application
for the film program I talked to you
about earlier
I thought you weren't applying to that
program you know I wasn't going to but
the more I thought about it the more I
feel like there's just you know
something I should do haven't we talked
about this already what about going to
law school you know you'd be such a good
lawyer
look I know this means a lot to you but
what about our plans to live together
next year I feel like you're just
thinking about yourself I'm sorry
comin up it's later gotta go
that call from my mom
marked the worst day of my life Daniel
was only 23 when he passed away
my parents convinced everyone that he
had died in his sleep but the truth was
Daniel suffered from depression and
ended up taking his own life
you
to this day I still don't fully
understand why he did it would have been
best friends for my entire life but I
never saw this coming
I wish I could have known I wish I had
had one more minute with him
just one thing convinced him not to do
it but now that he's gone I miss him so
much
the rest of my senior year was a bit of
a daze
but after Daniels death I felt like my
entire universe was thrown off balance I
still ended up applying to that film
program but didn't think too much of it
Sara and I never discussed the program
or fight again I tried to spend more
time with her and she was incredibly
supportive and understanding but a
couple of weeks after Daniels death in
the day of my final lawsuit interview I
received some unexpected news I guess
what I got into that film yeah mm-hmm
okay
I'll call you I'll call you after my
interview okay
hey John I'm not sure when you'll find
this note but I figure you'll find it
when the time is right just wanted to
say that I know mom and dad can be
really tough on you sometimes it's
because they worry about you and think
they're doing what's best for you you
know I admire you so much and it's
encouraging to see your passion for film
that kind of passion is something I wish
I had more of and is what makes life
worth living
don't worry one day mom and dad will
come around - I love you bro love Daniel
John why do you want to be a lawyer
John John I'm sorry I'm sorry was the
question I was asking why do you want to
be a lawyer
and slowly
go
Oh
let go
you
dear Daniel you've always been there for
me and supported my passion for
filmmaking even as kids you helped me
make my first film and even wore that
ridiculous superhero costume you'll
always be my hero thank you for
believing in me and teaching me how to
live my life to the fullest and
encouraging me to take the road less
travel I know I wouldn't be here without
you
and for that I just want to thank you
Oh
let it go
man I miss you so much as I take this
next step in life I have no idea what
lies ahead but thanks to you I do know
this a life with passion is a life worth
living
listen to your heavy heart
Oh God
Oh
Oh
right left right left right left
