over the past two years we've learned
that making a difference begins with
having the faith that a simple act can
make a tremendous impact in the summer
of 2012 we left our jobs and school to
pursue the drew blue project full-time
and make videos for a good cause it'd be
the start of an incredible adventure
but taking the step wasn't an easy one
there were a lot of intern fees and many
doubters who asked why us why now
gonna make
we were encouraged and inspired by the
countless stories of people around the
world who also believed that doing good
is contagious be honest sometimes we
have our fair share of fears and
questions where we're reminded that
ordinary people can do extraordinary
things we wanted to have the courage to
live this means greater than ourselves
well lies ahead is not certain but it
will be a crazy riot and we'd love for
you to join us
you
yep wine too
