hi I'm ready i'm eric and i'm jason and
we'd like to make a special announcement
well before we do we'd like to introduce
ourselves we're the Jubilee project and
we make videos for good cause over the
last few years we have been fortunate to
pursue his passion projects with your
love and support we produce 70 videos
raised over thirty thousand dollars from
nonprofits around the world and garnered
over four million views in our videos
after producing these videos on a side
for the past two years we've decided to
leave our jobs and school to pursue the
Jubilee project full-time this next year
we'll be making a film to help end aids
yep that's right we want to create a
film that will spark the end of an
epidemic the truth is were closed the
United Nations estimates that with the
proper funding and support we can have
an aids-free generation of children by
2015 this is because we now have drugs
that can prevent the transmission of
disease to newborn babies and reduce
transmission rates among partners by up
to ninety six percent however many
people do not know about this reality
and current funding is not sufficient to
treatment to be available everywhere but
together we can make a change and the
key to ending aids is to create a
greater urgency around this issue that's
why we're producing this film we want to
create a social media campaign that
brings together world leaders health
activists and you to help us cross the
finish line all together we can empower
people around the world to provide more
funding to strengthen our healthcare
systems and the care for those with AIDS
but we need your help in order to
produce this film you need to raise
$80,000 we hope to raise 30,000 it here
online additionally we have supporters
shows pledged to match each dollar
raised here
meaning that for every dollar that you
donate this means two dollars for this
film pleasure the story of AIDS is a
story of hope it's a story of people
coming from all sorts of backgrounds
ethnicities and geographies to make our
world a better place whether it's five
hundred dollars or fifty dollars we'd
love your support because we believe
that ordinary people can do
extraordinary things and they're doing
good is contagious thank you
you
