I don't know what time d angry face of
boys used to be a sin the house we used
to go aces in the house
great responsibility comes uh no much do
you require I just george w bush that
whole thing too much to whom much is
given much is expected I believe that's
before the show I go through all the
notes there's some jokes around like I
married a swimming joke I'm hilarious
but you never know if it works just look
at nervous no vision at all not get so
pumped on all
is being introduced as the founder of
the show and if they blue Yeti that's a
pretty rough about her tell each other
boo give you a lot more grace and leeway
here yeah one thing about cloud that I
loved one knows it's not money making
thing like every city is a play they
lose money or they break even you know
it's all volunteer run it's just to do
it like a little while you do with
anything this one is because it needs to
be done it has to be done you know
collaboration our mission is empowerment
through entertainment and entertainment
it's not political not religious as no
one else's I hate entertainment you know
I hate singing hate dancing like
everybody listen to entertainment of
Prince people together and unifies
groups breaks down walls and barriers
and you know provide stage for Asian
Americans you know and so dream is real
and it's crazy okay loud like back in
the day we first started 10 years ago
agent references to come out of this if
you like put your hands up put your
hands up there it used to be no hands up
I thought was it makes me look what do
we do
laughter is the best medicine laughter
helps you forget about your stress or
problems at that time that's why I love
Stanton comedy because it's a breaks
down the barriers it's the most raw form
of comedy it's vulnerable and utility
open it doesn't work it's like you asked
100 girls to dance and they all said no
at the same time it's very painful when
you tell a joke and it works it's one of
the most amazing feelings
I'll see you tomorrow I'll getting
everyone on my side Malcolm Allah
Philippine sit still if you Philippine
16 just breathe blink stare and take
your hands down 1 2 3 into the boat
anything on the best just breathe
through your nose everything about you
is your hand in it is your hand in the
end I was down by the side that's what
one knows you will feel about rock when
I do nothing you do nothing Oh once you
see it you you believe you know and same
thing with asians and entertainment
politics strength journalism you know
all the fields that you know sports now
that the young people have seen someone
that looks like then do it they believe
they can do it too and now you're going
to see a flood or the beginning this
huge Asian Pacific Islander wave of
Asians you know
just doing crazy things you know like
it's going to be like Asian male
pornstars I was like okay I think we're
not going to be the ones that are always
laughed at anymore and that's
revolutionary another thing about
marriage is a before men who wear like
sexy underwear like the lingerie in
place after marriage would be
comfortable bringing a big huge
parachute where someone push my wife out
of a place I don't worry that's what I
really think it's my wife I got I got
that son two years old nice investing
ever same Solomon my last names kid so I
really wanted to lead or else can even
March into the gym I was my first choice
my wife was like oil has a lot of
pressure for a kid to be marked with the
Kim
I was gonna name him Abraham Lincoln was
finally second choice she's like it's a
lot of pressure so he named him Solomon
is it the Bible of King Solomon had 700
wives and 300 concubines it's gonna be a
sexy asian payment one of the reasons
why I feel so fulfilled in life is on 34
I'm broke out how much money in my bank
account but the fact that collaborations
in 10 cities and it just keeps growing
and growing if I died tomorrow on my
tombstone I would definitely want
start a collaboration and for being to
have that there
you know if my son grew up knowing that
a while and my dad started this and
one day I would love for solving some
hopes to show that would be amazing like
see ya
to see it was showing 20 years so life
is short figure out what your gift of
God is once you figure out what your
purpose on life is go all out don't my
hand you stop you dream big and just
live life with no regrets and see
because if you take the safe route
you're going to look back in 30 years
and just have little life with so much
regret you're gonna be bitter we get my
life
the
you
