what is love love but I love stupid not
stupid it's a really hard question what
is love baby don't hurt me
that's the question the question is what
is love how long do I have this but uh
found it yet
I've been married 31 years I've
forgotten no I don't really think anyone
knows is what love is with all of this
we still love her and I kind of have to
look into that discussion in there like
Richmond they do share your venturing to
me it's something you want to die for I
love my country I'm an American soldier
and I would guide a little son here's
what I think of love yeah you like that
don't you
I think glove is beans office chemical
reaction that keeps your goal like in
the movies like I would expect to see in
the movies like we just like taking us
in 24/7 and what it's there you know it
it's a good feeling if you can sustain
it and therein lies the robot I think
it's difficult to sustain I'm actually
going through a divorce so put it to
good and well but 27 years we were in
love you know by caring for someone so
much like you are putting you make
yourself a little bit vulnerable the
best thing is the hardest thing because
love is not returned
can really break apart but I think
that's the chance to take last time that
I most vividly experienced love was
summer 2010
and her name was yes I was 12 years old
I was not interested in boys and I had
known her for a month Ramadan and then I
fasted from all the Ramadan I walked
mister and I looked at him and I knew I
said I said I'm gonna marry you
that's I think it happens when you're
confused and in love I'm sure enough
many you say we got married there's this
ideal that especially for movies that
love has to be perfect and there has to
be that aha moments where you just you
know and it wasn't like that for me a
lot of people say that love isn't
feelings but it's a
a conscious choice that people make when
somebody has hurt you so many times you
still appreciate who they are as a
person see past all the things of a
doctor urgent well especially when you
screw up time and time again because you
do
but she's still there and I will still
be there for her sometimes when you take
the shot it doesn't work out you have to
pack up move on and try again doesn't
have to work every time doesn't even
have to work off it has to work one time
like you would read less about the
chocolate and cards and flowers and
candy and more about I guess the love
celebrating lots of different
relationships in their life and
challenged people to think about loving
somebody in a different way you're
walking down the street and you see
someone sore begging for money or asking
for someone and you just sort of you
give Valentine's Day would be a great
excuse to should love without love is
the reason that wake up in the morning
these different types of love their self
love the romantic love there's
friendship love there's love for your
community for your society for your
fellow citizens of so many different
types of love it I think love ideally is
what is what we do here is what we like
to do here right I think so
you
