hey guys this is eric from the jubilee
project earlier this summer we made an
announcement about a college tour and
today we're excited to tell you where
we'll be doing this fault the Jubilee
project will be going to colleges around
the nation and we'll be showing some
more videos and discussing the use of
social media for advocacy and to create
social change this is our doing good as
contagious tour and hope to see many of
you there our first stop will be the
Lone Star State will be going to rice
university confuse to Texas on sep
tember 17 then we'll be making our way
out east on october first to the
University of North Carolina Chapel Hill
for the year each conference our next
stop will be in boston at brandeis and
then the basic conference at harvard the
weekend of october twenty second which
will then be followed the next two
weekends with a trip out to California
and then chicago at the university of
illinois at urbana-champaign then we'll
be joining up with our good friends and
talented singer songwriters clara seed
and new heights for a concert in boston
and new york city our tour rounds out
with the trip back out to Houston Texas
at Baylor University and we're still
working with a few schools out in new
york city washington DC atlanta and new
hampshire i can't tell you how excited
we are to me all of you guys this is our
first time doing something like this and
we definitely connect gotten this far
without all of your love and support
check out below for more details as they
get updated remember doing good is
contagious Jake you love
Oh
Oh
