hey Roland what's up its jason from the
Jubilee project here I hope you're doing
well believe it or not I've just arrived
here in Zambia Africa that's right
Zambia Africa I can't even believe it
myself and this video is the first of a
series of videos that would be calling
the Jubilee project days in Africa for
those of you who don't know where Zambia
is don't worry even up to about a month
ago I had no idea where Zambia was
either but it's in southern central
getting here was kind of a crazy journey
in and of itself it took almost 24 hours
there's about a 15 hour flight from New
York to Johannesburg I spent a couple
hours there and another three or
four-hour flight from Johannesburg to
Lusaka which is where I am now so a lot
of you are probably wondering Jason what
are you doing in Africa and that's a
good question so for the Jubilee project
we often talk about giving back about
being a part of the community by making
an impact about taking action and quite
frankly talk is cheap it's easy for us
to talk about trying to encourage folks
to make a difference but we wanted to
make a difference ourselves we wanted to
take action to
and for me I had an amazing opportunity
arise where I could take up for months
off of work and actually moved here to
Zambia to do HIV and AIDS financing work
while I travel throughout the country
and worked with the same Ian go I think
for me I've always been really really
interested in global poverty and global
health so when this opportunity came up
i was thrilled and i knew that this is
something i wanted to do but hopefully
even this series of videos is an
inspiration to folks out there to get
involved to really take action and you
know taking action doesn't always have
to involve going to a foreign country
you can go anywhere whether it be the
inner city to your local library to your
school to help just people that you know
in your community and friends I think
that all those things aren't taking
action I'm really really excited to be
here on the ground and I'm excited to
learn a little bit more about HIV
and also about how to treat it better
but thank you all very much for your
love your support so far and we're so
excited about their series of what
what's going to come of it and boy
frankly we have no idea but um until
next time love from Zambia shave you
love
