very well ok so we're here on our first
day of shooting for the white icing
music video so this shots maybe a shot
of Phil running his heart out is there
like some real inspiration for this song
is there a girl or um I just I wrote it
basically for what I would want in a
relationship right yeah right what
everyone looks wonderful so the ideal
girl if you're out there this is for you
and find us find the bill we're in DC
let me see you street and flagger come
out so I can be driving Eddie's gonna be
hanging out of the car here and then
this josh is gonna be like doing this is
like the most ghetto production setup
ever why are you smiling yeah well too
smiley girl friend just died your
girlfriend's in the hospital you gotta
be more yeah that's right more with the
eyes but less less smile ah no smell
those Milo smell miss much it's gonna be
all in the eyes man like I be cheery and
buck your face a little bit let's cover
it up like this run faster so our man
fell is taking a break because I think
he's been running a little bit too much
I can't believe all a story up right now
feels like feeling so low I feel guilty
I feel like it's my fault I ate a
two-third pound burger with fries
hours ago and that has come out already
that eating that much food and then
running is always not a good idea it's
not like you just runnin that you're
running as fast as you've ever run yes I
can to follow a cargo just so y'all know
we're making this video for a hepatitis
B awareness this is a serious issue
especially for us asian-americans I just
do something that immunity deals with a
lot so make sure you get tested and make
sure you want to wear one in ten one in
ten asian americans have hepatitis b
keep going run Oh a whole lot of any
tears oh sorry four cups been following
us for the last 20 minutes now so
Phyllis tanks went to the cops that we
are in this video thank you give us a
warning right so guys this is a tuber
music video shoot from why I sing still
sore from yesterday
Jason this really likes laying down on
the ground stop of the shot it seeing a
pretty scene
this is getting him on a bridge
cry
he showed me how to add me cuz
apparently I can't very well
scared
surprise oh my gosh state three of y
singh music video we have Natacha here
she used to change with us today yeah
yes it's not all the time but this is
only we're going to tina's on see why I
smile Bernie voicemail in three two one
voicemail disappointed a little bit sad
it's really sad okay okay how are we
doing Phil what's up guys Oh Phil here
this two of us actually it was kind of
weird waiting for Natasha we don't hang
out with this is our daily routine
berger deep the other okay see you like
that okay yeah but that's a little bit
different from when I imagine it looks
like
got gnats or manager Darth Vader
hotels new one now come over just like
get up and then let's just wrapped up
day six I've they find a fine i guess
it's just i'm mitch is done for good
like being in the poppy oh yeah oh yeah
triple tacos for some shots it was
another song with issues chemical on the
other two then we'll have one
Oh
sumail day on photo another camera
alright guys we're wrapping up the last
day of the YC music video with rooftop
pursuit yeah astracast ur sexy bite well
like films fattoria and julie projects
and that's a wrap guys and a great thing
about this music video if that's for a
good cause for hepatitis B so be sure to
learn more about that on our website
Julie project.org and be sure to check
out the music video
I wanna give you everything
