January 12 2010 was my 22nd birthday
unfortunately it's also day of the Haiti
earthquake other response I was
compelled to go to a New York subway
stop and bus to raise $100 for Haiti
that day we raised $70 when we posted a
video on YouTube something amazing
happened in less than a week we had over
a thousand views and 700 dollars raised
for Haiti this caused us to ask the
question what if we were able to harness
social media for good and that marked
the beginning of the Jubilee project
soon after Eddie and Eric join me to
make videos for a good cause we've had
an amazing year producing monthly
fundraising videos because we really
believe that doing good is contagious
for every Jubilee project fundraising
video each view helps raise money for a
cause so far we've produced a waiting
game Walker and itis wedding video love
language 50 people one question
beautiful top chef and why I sing we've
partnered with incredible organizations
like Linc
Liberian widows initiative City Year
becky's fund happy free and many more
the response has been tremendous we were
chosen as one of this year's youtube
do-gooder nonprofit Video Award
finalists also we were chosen as Ford
Focus global test drive finalists and
raised $10,000 all of which what the
city here finally we've just completed
the East Coast Jubilee project concert
tour what stops in DC New York
Philadelphia and Boston with your help
we've raised over $21,000 and empowered
enabled inspired others to do great as
well this has been an incredible journey
and we believe this is just the
beginning and for all of your love
support and prayer we want to say thank
you
JP love
