everyone is Jason and Erik from the
Jubilee project as if L were in the
beautiful city of Toledo and Spain about
an outstanding weekend here it's because
of your help we raised over ten thousand
dollars for City Year an amazing
organization that helps education in the
states throughout the weekend we've also
had a chance to test drive a lot of cars
with booth board and the global test
drive Eddie unfortunately wasn't able to
join us he's in DC right now miss you
Eddie he's doing our concert but please
check out the concert recap video um as
well as the White House we got video
that he did with david Choi and Clara
Chung thanks for all your love your
support ok feel of give you look you're
everything to me
on you my heart lies
without I'm incomplete okay like a clock
without the time
the highest places I
