it's a special day we should celebrate
and appreciate you me found something
pretty and I know some say this day is
arbitrary I will love you I love you I
love hi my name is Becky Lee Becky's
find Becky spine is very excited to
collaborate with the Jubilee project not
only to empower women but to celebrate
the women in our lives in February we're
gonna be launching a fundraising video
beautiful to raise funds for Becky's
fund to end and prevent domestic and
dating violence we really need your
support your support goes to programs
such as our teen dating violence program
with the Girl Scouts our college program
will be speaking to students all over
the country about the warning signs of
dating violence we also are raising
money to create the first ever domestic
violence phone application so if you're
interested in being a sponsor please
email project Jubilee @ gmail.com as a
sponsor you are pledging to donate one
cent per view throughout the whole month
of februari thank you for your support
Oh be my valentine
