question no problem no no okay it's
gonna be an invader see no there won't
be an embarrassing whatnot Wow
oh good call suspect is right and back
what half of it perfectly my question is
hey you guys it's jason and eddie here
with the Jubilee project as you guys can
tell we are on vacation but not to worry
we don't take a Shinto hard bit we're
still going to be bringing you a video a
fundraising video in the month of
January the fundraising video is called
fifty people one question to me coming
to you very very soon in order to watch
it please subscribe here mm-hmm we're
really excited about this video because
we'll be partnering with an amazing
organization called service services for
the underserved that's right services
for them to serve and they help families
with a wide range of issues including
poverty homelessness aids mental illness
mental illness and poverty I mention
poverty I was like phenomenal group and
there are two ways that you could help
this organization the first is to become
a sponsor so you can email us a project
at jubilee @ gmail.com and by being a
sponsor you're pledging to donate one
penny per view throughout the month of
January so if there's a hundred views
you would donate one dollar a thousand
years who donate ten dollars and of
course if you'd like you can set a cap
for how much you want to donate the
second way that you can help this
amazing organization is simply watching
the video remember the sponsors will
each donate a penny per view which means
that every time you your friends your
family watches this video a certain
amount of money will be going directly
to this cause and all proceeds one
hundred percent of all the money will be
going directly to services for the
underserved so when the video comes out
watch it a hundred times and so
subscribe all that we hope you guys all
had a wonderful new year and we're
excited to bring you more videos
yeah thanks for everything thanks for
watching subscribe JP love
