we've come to find the words are
fleeting your quiet breathing something
hey guys we're new heights from Seattle
Washington I'm Travis I'm Chris we're
excited to partner up with the Jubilee
project for the next short film called
love language comes out on November
first as you know the Jubilee project
makes videos to raise money for good
causes in this film love language all
proceeds made in the monthly member will
be given and be going towards the school
for the disabled there are two ways to
help support this cost the first way is
by going to Julie project bandcamp com
and either purchasing the song peaches
or donating directly on the flight and
the second way you can support the video
and support this cause is by becoming a
sponsor of the video and so for every
view that's viewed in the month of
November you will donate one penny for
instance the video is viewed 100 times
you would donate one dollar so on again
we're so excited to partner up with the
Jubilee project we've seen the video it
looks amazing we really think it's the
best one that they've done so far it's a
great cause so watch the video put it on
your facebook put it on your Twitter
Email text send letters and let's make
this really big I thank you guys we'll
see you around
but hey guys with our new heights Travis
mistress and we're excited to partner up
six you want to say your name yeah I
mean as you know the Jubilee project
makes yeah yeah I'm sold I'm so close
okay let me say first wave by going to
Jubilee project now bae hawk and where
you guys are buying the song yeah either
buying the song peaches or donating
perfect that's it soon what that I sense
there are two weeks of smoking haha ok
you turn
