I was six years old when I started
playing football and I started to play
contact the ball immediately it didn't
play flag didn't play touch it was
immediately with pads on playing with
some of my peers my parents would offer
me incentives for doing well in school
if I scored three touchdowns of football
they'll give me a pat on the back and
say my own you do really well but if I
brought home straight A's they'd say
Myron you did really well but then
they'll give me two pizza pies because I
love to eat and I have the piece of pie
to eat all myself but I'm sharing it
with my brothers
Thanks so that created an understanding
within me that education was most
important
the day that I won the road scholarship
was truly incredible there was so much
media attention New York Times the USA
Today the SPM they were all talking
about this division one all-american
football player who has a high potential
of being a first-round draft pick is
interviewing for a road scholarship in
Alabama and he's gonna miss part of his
game he's gonna try to fly to his game
and he may win the road scholarship has
a good shot of winning it you know this
is a great story for the true student
athlete when I finished the interview we
sat outside in the waiting room for
about two hours waiting for the judges
to deliberate and pick who won there was
a lot of pressure
he knows pressure applied personally
because I've always wanted to be a high
achiever and I want to win this road
scholarship ever since Bill Bradley
wanted who was a role model of mine Bill
Clinton is also another role model these
people I read about for a long time it's
just I wanted to be in that company they
came out and said the name of the first
winner Parker Gore and then they said my
name my role put my head down thank the
Lord called my mother she was so excited
she was actually in Maryland where I was
flying to join my teammates to play in
the football game
I quickly got escorted by police to an
airport in Birmingham got on a private
plane landed in Baltimore Maryland and
got got off the plane got a police
escort to Maryland got to the stadium in
time for the second quarter
congratulations Milan congratulation
thank you thank recess tremendous
tremendous experience I'm breathless
right now I can't even talk but I'm just
so excited
well they need you out there
and let's give our roller threeways
I think our football coach Bobby Bowden
put it best he said this was not only a
win for my role but this is a win for
Florida State University and all kids
who really are serious about their
academics
i boys want to play in the NFL it's been
a dream of mine I smile every time I
think about it but when I look at again
the end goal what would benefit my
future in the long run
I hope my decision to delay my NFL
career and study at Oxford as a Rhodes
Scholar
can influence and impact the younger
generation to embrace the life of being
an academic they say if you're if you're
a nerd or a geek so to speak that you're
uncool that being smart isn't the way to
do it or to me that's not true
to me the people who are running the
country who are making changes who are
written about in history books are the
ones who focus about that education and
if you have that attitude you will see
your goals be met you will realize your
dreams and your potential will certainly
be maximized
you
you
