everyone's me Jason with the Julie
project first time I thank everyone so
much for all of your help and support
throughout the month of May as we wrap
up we fell a little bit short of the
pepsi refresh i want to thank everyone
so much for voting for me every day for
putting up with my emails and just
supporting us tell your friends about
the true blue project but don't worry
this is not the end of the true Glee
Project we have a ton of new videos and
exciting developments on the way so in
case you haven't done so yet please go
to youtube.com slash Julie project
subscribe to all of our future videos so
you can stay in the loop with all the
stuff again I can't say how much I
appreciate your help and support not you
the Jubilee project would not exist so
as I'm signing off please remember to
continue to help a cause make a video
and spread the love this is jason that
your group
