hey guys it's me jason here with the
Jubilee project hope you guys are all
doing well this is not the video
actually for the 5k as we haven't run
yet will be wanting on Saturday which is
luck but the reason for this video is
actually put a date on your calendar and
that day is april eighth 2010 april
eighth is a day without shoes sponsored
by toms shoes and the idea is that they
want to get people around the world to
spend a day without shoes like this can
be your entire name this can be a
portion of your day whatever but the
reason is to grow awareness for the
millions of children throughout
developing countries who grow up without
shoes and apparently this crowd causes a
lot of serious problems for them growing
up so I thought that I would be
participating I would love for you to
join me and the millions or not sure the
thousands of people around the world who
are participating as well there's more
information at this link at this video
but please please please send me a
comment somebody message if you'd like
to participate and we'll make a nice
little video as well and we'll push it
up for the Jubilee project but think
about it the thursday april eighth i'm
going to be spending my day without
shoes at new york i'm not sure if I can
do that yet in the office but I'm going
to figure that out but the rest of the
day if not at least in the office will
be spent without shoes and if you do it
too maybe you can make a nice little
compilation video but please let me know
if you're interested it should be a
great time take care guys
