hey guys it's jason here with the
Jubilee project let me just begin by
saying thank you so much to all those
who've supported the project thus far
with your view your donations and the
videos that you're making we're super
excited to see what you come up with but
the reason for this video is to announce
the next video project for the jew blink
question and that is to run a marathon
to be more specific it's going to be
either a 5k or a half marathon and this
is going to be for hiddy relief through
world fish but that's right I'm gonna be
running a marathon and I would love your
help so right now I want to make a shout
out to all those runners on the east
coast near New York who are interested
in wanting either a 5k or a half
marathon for the Jubilee project totally
I've got a friend who's going to be
doing the half marathon more likely i'm
going to end up doing the 5k because
let's face it i can't run very well or
just hate running but yeah it's gonna be
on april third in New York but if you'd
like to join us for running either the
5k or the half marathon again for Haiti
please please please let me know and let
me know by this friday and then we'll
make a great video with us training with
us hopefully crossing the finish line
it's gonna be a great success because
not only are we gonna be super fit and
running machines but we're also going to
be raising a lot of money for haiti so
here's all the information go to the
website and let me know at project that
Jubilee at gmail com if you want to
participate let me know by Friday
alright well I hope you have a great day
thank you so much for all your support
once again and we're super excited to
start this new project for the Jubilee
project take a guess
