would you ever bus get a New York subway
spend an entire day barefoot shave your
head give a dessert to a complete
stranger skydive no now whatever those
for a good cause
scratch that a great cause well that's
the idea behind the Jubilee project to
have people making funny interesting
passionate outrageous entertaining fill
in the blank videos for a great cause
the cause can be anything from awareness
fundraising to a random act of kindness
in the first Jubilee project video my
hundred for Haiti Jason and his friends
busked at a New York City Subway stop
for four hours and raised $85 and one
cent for Haiti relief he was short of
his $100 goal but his video had over
1,000 views in one week and raised an
additional 460 dollars and Counting what
if this one video inspired 10 more
videos which inspired 100 more videos
inspiring you get the idea we would
slowly but surely be changing the world
here's how you can make your own Jubilee
project video and three simple steps
number one think of an idea for a video
and choose a cause number to let us know
your idea at project at Jubilee at
gmail.com a number three film and upload
your video as a YouTube video response
to our original video and name it the
Jubilee project your title for more
information go to
www.donateyouraccount.com/davidpakmanshow
