hey everyone it's me jason with the
Jubilee project I just want to thank
everyone out there for all of your help
and support we've had over 1,000 views
and raised $350 for Haiti and less than
one week in case you haven't heard about
the doobly vodka the mission is to make
videos of people stepping out of the
comfort zone for a day or doing
something they love for a good cause the
point of today's video is to make a very
special announcement and that is that
our friends from the sugar cube Philly
dessert truck in Philadelphia is to be
joining us for our next Jubilee project
they're going to be making a video and
here's John make that nuts hello from
sugar cube Philly my name is John saw
one of the owners for this beautiful
truck Sheila we wanted to take this time
to announce its sweet for the streets
event this is going to be taking place
on Saturday februari 27 which is
starting at 12pm 3410 longer so what
that means I'm anybody that comes you
deserve these are secret words that you
bleep project if you're free extra
dessert which are calling agility but
the reason we're giving you that extra
dessert is we want you to give to a
stranger that you don't know and all the
while we'll be filming your random act
of kindness as you help us to spread
some sugar and Jubilee mysteries we're
really excited for this collaboration
and I hope you guys can join us
to create a great video for the Jubilee
project
