hey everyone what's up it's me Jason and
I'm very excited because we're about to
head out and begin the Jubilee project
my hundred for Haiti with this
particular project I'm gonna be going to
a New York subway station and playing
while singing and trying to raise money
for Haiti and if any of you have heard
me sing you know that this is probably a
terrible idea because I'm actually a
very very bad singer but this is kind of
the essence of the Jubilee project
today's cause is gonna be for Save the
Children fund the goal is to raise $100
and actually I've got some friends
showing me throughout the day so it
should be a lot of fun
but I wish me luck walking through the
park I see you fees it's cold out
through this weather I
study
as a blue over
one hour and everybody raised about
apparently you may or may not need a
permit to plan your subway but will your
plan
patchouli project 580 I'm gonna count
the money now
so we raised $85 one cent and two euros
is a great day overall but unfortunately
that still puts us a little bit short
hard call but don't worry there's still
three ways that you can help number one
you can donate yourself as a link right
here and then your money will go
straight to first gazing calm and
straight to Save the Children intake
number two you can spread this video to
as many of your friends as possible
because I'm gonna pledge to pay one
penny for every view of this video watch
that's right so 100 views will be $1
10,000 views will be $10 etc if we
happen to get into the millions of views
we'll see if mama and papa Lee will be
willing to finance and number three you
can start your own Jubilee project the
purpose behind this project is really to
encourage people to pursue video
projects that are interesting that
they're passionate about and that may be
something that they would never do on
otherwise and of course all for a good
cause
please send this link to your friends
we're looking forward to seeing all the
videos that you make yourself with the
Jubilee project and thank you so much
for everyone who was involved
Oh
