are you totally nervous - oh yeah I'm
like dying right a viral New York Times
article featured 36 questions that can
supposedly make any two people fall in
love we wanted to see what would happen
if we asked these questions - to
complete strangers on a blind date
I'm Danny I am single I've never really
been in a relationship but what I'm
looking for in a person I don't know I'm
just fun no I'm really scared actually
but like excited nervous
hi I'm Danny Andrew me too I'm Andrew
right now I'm just trying to meet people
and you know have a general idea of what
type of person I would like to meet but
not trying to put on any blinders what
can I do I I'm I'm excited and nervous
yeah me too
would you like to be famous and in what
way no no never really I don't think so
I feel like that would be like so much
pressure to have to like be something
for everyone
you'd have to be something for everyone
yeah no not really I mean I wouldn't or
I wouldn't feel like obligated anything
this more oh I guess be famous for
myself or be famous for something I've
done that brought value I mean it'd be
cool to be talented that guy but no I
wouldn't want to change for people and
feel like obligated to be who they
wanted me to be they like you they like
you if they don't they don't yeah I get
that
Oh some tea yeah that'd be great Steve -
no does it taste pepper many at all is
it just straight water it's just you
want nice warm water you want to pour it
back in is that weird
I don't think so
it's gonna just do all over just get it
are you totally nervous - oh yeah I'm
like dying right it's okay if a crystal
ball could tell you the truth about
yourself your life the future or
anything else what would you want to
know what I want to know I would want to
know who and when I like get married
really yeah you would want to know that
yeah what about you what do you want to
know I don't know that I want to know
anything really yeah I think just being
surprised by life and I wouldn't want to
know when I was gonna die
no I get like some people can sometimes
like if you know you're going to die
like you can really truly live because
you know you've got like a limited time
but I'm not sure I would choose that I
think it would change too much I would
live like it wouldn't you wouldn't
really live you would be so focused on
like getting things done before yeah
yeah you as it might turns on alright
I'm a final attempt at doing this again
see oh there we go there we go crushed
it
I like your little sayings crushed it's
a really cool it's very San Diego Cheers
what roles do love and affection play in
your life if you can get a lot of love
and affection from like my family and my
close friends so
I don't know that's like a weird it's a
weird like what roles do they play
like a big one I guess for me cuz I'm
like right now I'm so new to LA like I
don't have anybody here yeah I know I
well but like it'll be fun I don't open
up easy no like it's hard meaning like
it's not hard for me to get to know
people like I get to know people really
well quickly but it's hard for me to
really get to know people yeah it takes
a while
exactly yeah I get that and I work all
the time so right now it's yeah I'm a
personal trainer I work on Beverly Hills
it's over so that's fine getting people
to the point of where like they fall in
love with themselves uh-huh that's
better than any desk job that's awesome
that's really cool like you're finding
fulfillment and not to yeah cuz like not
a lot of people get to do that you know
yeah find fulfillment that comes and I'm
young enough to where I can figure it
out yeah totally what was the question
I don't remember complete this sentence
I wish I had someone with whom I could
share blank probably just my life with
it's like somebody that is always there
for you and you can like come home if
you have had like a bad day at work like
this thing happened and they just
are there for you there like the good
and the bad I like that like yeah what
about you my cooking really oh my god
you cook I'm a huge cook I cook all the
time
what's your favorite food um chicken
paprikash ice a Hungarian dish are you
Hungarian my dad's family was yeah but
it's like a chicken in like a pepper
Iike gravy I love pepper Iike it's so
good yeah I'm gonna have to figure it
out I can make it for you sometime I'll
be down let's do it do a cook-off we
should you should do I'll get fun that'd
be a blast tell your partners something
you like about them already um I feel
like you have a very like calming
presence and I really enjoy that with
like I'm not as stressed that's good
yeah I'm super nervous really gets more
definitely come off I feel like really
good I feel like my face it's like
seizing up because I'm so nervous
no you seem very like chill and I like
that yeah I was gonna say like you
seemed very like relaxed and easygoing
which is not something I've run into in
LA at all really like after the first
couple weeks I was like I can meet them
in here like it's gonna be hard yeah
you're very genuine me that's what it is
okay it's genuine it was like nice
really I don't know real which is so
hard because I feel like la is the city
that worships everything and I'll use
nothing
yeah oh gosh final task without speaking
stare into each other's eyes for four
minutes four minutes that's a long oh my
gosh look at you for four minutes pretty
easily
we can't talk while you're looking at
each other for four minutes it's a
challenge I'm always down for oh my god
I don't think anybody that would look
Johnson four minutes
I was definitely really really really
really really really nervous and I got a
lot less nervous and it was very
different than I expected
she was really cool she's like super
pretty I feel like a lot of it was I was
like wow this guy's really attractive
sweet down-to-earth just generally nice
person then I was thinking wow nobody's
ever looked at me this long or like this
ever I think and it felt really nice
I felt like everything but she was was
like real I like that
I was bad at all it wasn't so good
she's like beautiful so there's that
uh-huh
I mean so nice so I was like really that
was really fun
they're probably gonna ask us like would
you go out again but yeah
should we ruin it for me I kind of
expected it to be like you guys want to
go in a second date
sure yeah let's do it and then like
follow me on Instagram cool here's my
handle and then like never talk again
like her pictures occasionally but like
I don't get a feeling like that is
what's gonna happen
so we'll see I might be totally wrong I
might've totally misread this but we'll
see do you want to go out again I would
love to yeah I have a day off Saturday
Saturday off you wanna do something yeah
we should okay we should do the hike to
the Hollywood sign oh yeah I'm sorry I
feel like that's like a very like hey
welcome
roll it okay
hi so this is our first date second date
the second date technique is the first
day second day all right technically
second date you're gonna go hiking on
the Hollywood sign but it was like 100
degrees so that was a no-go so we went
to the beach flip the camera around do
the flip around I'll just spell like
okay they have those in California
apparently I've been told
allegedly we're not sure yet anyway yeah
that's that's it
there we go thanks guys thanks bye
