what part are you in the music
beatboxing can we hear something this is
hard up father it's very big wait do you
know who did it no do you know man I was
just told like I'm gonna beat box with
some producer okay I mean I just assume
we're gonna make something
my name is beat right now I'm a peep
boxer I go by J Luna and I'm a producer
singer songwriter
I just didn't know what to expect you
know like just walk in and I heard that
it's a music producer I have never
worked with like a beatbox I usually
just work with sounds around me or just
like other like producers and so so you
said your beatbox it right yeah that's
the crazy sound you can make do
beatboxing is making rhythm with your
mouth right and then you have like the
special effects you know oh like what is
that definitely want to utilize all the
weird different sounds he can make and
it's like really nice being a guy who
like dedicates pretty much the whole
life be like rhythm you know so dude
let's test with one of your songs no now
I'm embarrassed
okay shows you might be box I guess I
will I guess I will I think it's voice
is great it's more like ambient kind of
things okay they call really thank you
yeah things are cool free like me record
you first and then kind of play off that
alright like just put that some rhythms
like go through five or six like slow
fast do you wanna do like a crazy roll
assignment humanly possible mm-hm
let's compress the shit let's go it was
definitely interesting to see how he
like reversed some sounds stressed some
sounds sad Laser sound for sure oh yeah
do you want a favor quite some still
with me yeah unless it just all comes
out like garbage
Judit nice to meet you
so I'm from Nigeria I'm from Delta state
in Nigeria I'm from Nigeria after my
ninth birthday ebook win hey never made
anything for like dancers I would like
them to enjoy themselves and feel
comfortable dancing with them I saw Jane
I know I was like what no if they like
make African beats and stuff so I guess
we're like dancing too whatever you guys
come up with yeah I think that's I think
that's what it is it makes more sense to
me so what part are you in the music oh
um beatboxing you be boxing that's a
bunch of instruments in there he has a
whole band in there like I've never made
like a beat boxer before I've produced
really three years Jay seems like an
angel and he just like grease to
everything okay
Challenge is like a fish up in today I
guess like what kind of dancing do you
guys do are solid dancing as mobis could
you let me describe it really fast with
like it has a lot of like a groove to it
like a lot of beat there's more of like
the beats yeah yeah yeah it's not every
day you become a recording artist no
I think my favorite part was probably
recording the girls that's when it kind
of felt like it all kind of came
together or like whatever into the song
and the best feeling yeah finishing is
long the whole creative process felt
really organic who means like waste the
backside basically and di means is there
so oku diem is the the booty is there
like the waste of their that's how you
get the crowd I go out on this one stems
more from South Africa and it's like and
then the Chaka Chaka is is like you're
moving you're moving and you can do it
fast
uh-huh friends would if we rose into it
they were able to fuse our culture and
their cultures and their different
talents together to bring together a
beat that we were able to drink I listen
to the song and I'm like beatboxing to
it the ladies are like dancing right
there
Bulls really sick to watch I'm
definitely excited the communication was
there I wasn't like really rigid and
like boring we were able to like laugh
at each other joke with each other about
different things so I'm super excited
about what we made oh yeah
five six seven eight
Hey
