I don't feel like I have steady ground
of Who I am
look at the things you care about and
find out what it is and sometimes you
have to give it up so now I have left
two relations
I'm Gregory George Gibbs a resident
minister at the pasadena buddhist temple
part of nikhil Nanji buddhist tradition
that is 800 years old I'm father Alexei
I'm a Greek Catholic priest
I'm the ecumenical and inter-religious
officer for the Roman Catholic
Archdiocese of Los Angeles and I'm a
pastor I am Narayana I am a disciple of
Parma han-soo Yogananda I am a yogi and
I am a teacher of Kriya yoga yesterday
as I was lying awake at night I realized
that I was really a shitty kid
I had no backbone lied cheated and had
very little regard for people I hate
this about myself how do I become less
selfish I think that's one of the great
challenges that we all face is
self-absorption one way out of that kind
of feeling of self-hatred serve other
people find someone or something that
you can give to to expand your sense of
self identity the fact you're asking the
question means you're already working
out of it the key is to discover that
you love people mm-hmm find out who you
love and out of that love comes the
opposite of selfishness caring for
others the Bible tells us that we were
created in the image and likeness of God
the great challenge is to find that
image and likeness of God in people and
sometimes it's hidden but it has to be
surfaced and that's your responsibility
to try to surface that aspect of God in
the other individuals I have a job that
pays decent money but it all feels too
empty for me I studied hard to get a job
and now though I can afford some nice
things I want to find my true passion or
purpose can someone please guide me with
this yeah I really resonate with that
you're not alone that fathomless joy
that we're looking for and all those
outward experiences can be found within
ourselves this is where the the sacred
science and art of meditation can be
incredibly powerful if you can find it
within then you may even come back to
your job with a new sense a new
perspective that
bring it a sense of purpose and life and
energy and joy you have to find
something that you're running towards
not from in order to make a real
difference in your life maybe you're not
quite ready to make that major decision
yet and that might mean staying with a
present job I stayed with mine for 15
years priesthood for me is a second
career I was actually a funeral director
although I was making lots of money I
didn't feel fully satisfied I always
felt that I was being called to be a
priest
and I just kept putting it off didn't
come to grips with a real self if you
will I applied and I was accepted and I
had to make that transition within one
month but I'm very thankful I did it
because it's made all the difference in
my life but another way of energizing
your search for what it is that you
think you really wish to be would be
prayer however you define that making
some connection in whatever form that
might be with the divine
I also a second career I became ordained
when I was 42 I believe I got fired from
a variety of jobs for my usual way of
Lee Looby leaving an employment is to
get fired and I discovered I could study
for this you know you could train for
the ministry and what is amiss like you
do in other religions but some of us
find our purpose in our work and some of
us find it in our avocation it doesn't
matter too much which but what we can't
tell you is what you care about and
that's what you have to find out
obviously we care about people and when
you look look at the people you care
about and ask yourself what do you
admire in them that will help you to
understand what you care about yeah you
don't have to believe in anything I
think what sensei Gregg was sharing was
beautiful that just find out what you
like what brings you a sense of joy of
happiness and just follow that trail of
inspiration I don't feel like I have
steady ground of Who I am how do you
build a strong relationship with
yourself and not be afraid to stand your
ground and trust in yourself it's the
age-old question Who am I and to know
who
are we have to take that time to
inwardly reflect but it's not a question
that can be answered intellectually
Parmenter Yogananda used to say that
when this I shall die then shall I know
Who am I
I'll appoint you just the opposite
direction instead of worrying about your
relationship to yourself
relationship with other persons and look
at the things you care about and find
out what it is and sometimes you have to
give it up so I have left two relations
I left behind Roman Catholicism and I
left behind Arvind ago say is integral
yoga I don't know who I am except how I
discover that through my spiritual
commitments and through my relationships
to others from a Catholic point of view
there would be similarities our
challenge would be to discover how
Christ is living in us how are are we
interacting with Christ within us and
then to be in relationship with others
in a christ-like way I think we're all
saying the same thing in slightly
different ways the root of the suffering
that we're talking about here is
absorption and the small self or ego and
the way out of that is of remembrance of
our greater self that's like acting up I
think that without finding that reality
itself what's behind reality and/or
reality itself is sacred is holy is good
I think people are lost there are tens
of thousands of spiritual traditions and
I hope everyone will find something that
makes them realize there is a sacred
there is holiness there is goodness and
I do have an obligation to respond to it
I think it's important to remember and
to discuss and to think about the self
not in isolation but yes I have a self
but you have a self and you have a self
and everyone has itself
and it's how we interact all these
selves if you will we can have the
differences in religious traditions
differences and religious approaches but
I agree I think basically we're saying
that's the same thing maybe different
approaches to the same reality today was
a wonderful experience
I'm a great believer in inter-religious
learning the important thing in
religious dialogue is that we're all the
same and we're all different we've got
to let people be different if you have
to let people be just like you in order
to accept them it's no good each one of
us is on a journey and we're all gonna
find our way in our own way hey guys
Jason here thank you so much for
watching another video we hope you
enjoyed it again we make content that's
all about humans and about radical
empathy and we hope that this just
brings value to you as in your life let
us know in the comments below what your
thoughts were and if there was anything
that really resonated with you as always
we'd love to have you subscribed click
here to watch more videos and we will
see you guys next time
