yeah to me at the time I thought this is
it like we are not compatible like we
actually may break up after this trip
when we get home on our channel we vlog
about food our pets just daily life our
life is kind of interesting our
relationship please your best friend
doesn't really feel like a relationship
yeah we're each other's best friend yeah
so I met him when we were in middle
school and I thought he was real cute
mm-hmm he was really tall but when I
heard his voice I was like oh it sounds
like a girl my first impression of her
Hey look another Chinese person in the
sound there wasn't much of an impression
it was just like oh I'm a Chinese girl
all right see how it is our first date
was at a sushi restaurant in our
hometown I think oh and then we had
frozen yogurt after that I don't think
I'm gonna get this one I don't think
he's gonna remember my first day oh it's
not a date
that wasn't a date oh man I miss the we
went to San Francisco it's so hard cuz
it wasn't even like a date date like
that it was just like me her and her
sister went out what's the San Francisco
sushi at that really quiet rest that was
our day was a little day
he's made me become a better person he's
always very very considerate I've
learned a lot from him very very
generous always willing to like help
friends help family my family he's
really funny I think my sense of humor
now comes from him he's a great person
and I love everything her patience she's
got so much patience she puts up with so
much me and everyone around her I said
everything pretty much everything new
collage why are you lying for me I said
uh I love your patience the most you
have so much patience for me mm-hmm but
for everyone else around you to really
learn some of that from you I don't
think it's changed our relationship much
I think it's taught both of us as
individuals that we could be more
mindful of things that we would say
because we used to just have no filter
at all I guess it would just be when we
go out and if we go somewhere where we
can notice too much but it has made us
more comfortable with each other being
on camera together it's different from
being together being on camera together
has made us realize things that we
wouldn't if there was no camera around
we always know when to take the break
like if everybody feel oh this is
consuming too much of our lives then
we'll take a break mm-hmm
I think it's most important to be
yourself on camera
because when you are not being yourself
that's when you start changing I guess
that's what I think people start doing
it right right well you want to portray
a perfect relationship together I think
the fight two months ago we had a fight
on vacation so we were in Hawaii and
this bus driver was really mean to me
and our friends so he
kind of like races voice at the bus
driver it's like I can't even get mad at
him for this because he gets mad when he
sees someone disrespecting me so it
comes from a place where he's being very
protective of me the moment I was mad at
him I was like wow really we're on
vacation and you're gonna get in a fight
with this bus driver and I told him why
I was upset he told me why he was upset
we just didn't agree at the time so
throughout the entire vacation we were
just ignoring each other I thought this
is it like we are not compatible and we
haven't talked for three days and I fall
just even he doesn't want to work on it
and that's like the first time I've ever
felt that from him and I thought that
would be the meaning of love you know
that you will always work through your
problems together we're in Hawaii and
we're in a trip yeah it was just a
really hard time for for the both of us
for hers cuz I made it a hard time for
her I wish this it was just bad that's
all I can say it was just bad man but I
feel like through that argument we
really have learned so much about each
other and it's crazy to think that like
at almost seven years you there's more
to learning about this person I think
that made me realize how much I need her
and how much I can't do without her I
think when I talk to my girlfriends or
just people in general I was I would
always say oh if you did that to me
we've done and I think a lot of people
can easily say that because that's their
pride speaking mm-hmm but when I
realized how serious it was and that we
were reaching a point oh wow like we
actually may break up after this trip
when we get home that's when I really
did everything why we're even fighting
what does this mean to me and do I want
to fix it
everything I mean my life would be
shattered mm-hmm I'm crying because
that's like my worst nightmare I feel
like it's because I truly cannot live
without him yeah it's just my everything
don't you - I wouldn't miss everything
literally everything it's like one
particular we spend so much time with
each other that and we love it that it
really feels like she's like literally a
part of me like we share a bond in
between that if broken it actually hurts
I said I'll miss everything I'll
probably die yeah basically live I said
that we share a bond together that it
feels like we're in the same body that
if any of that was broken it would
actually physically hurt you make it
really easy to love you you make me
happy you make me feel safe make me feel
beautiful I think our relationship like
that that we are really just best
friends and not just saying that we are
best friends like we really are just
best friends and lovers and I think that
there's something in that that it's hard
to explain to put it into words it is
because it's it's more of a feeling you
you know why you like someone like a
friend because certain things they do
for you but when you love someone it's
it's just that feeling very much I said
I could definitely see us lasting
forever and then it will last
you
