none of you have the balls to be with
someone yeah beautiful as I am
my name is charvel holder and I'm a
plus-size model take off your robe and
look at your body in the mirror describe
the feelings and thoughts you have it's
kind of a love-hate relationship but I
mean for now it's it's a mostly love
relationship my name is Chris I am 22
years old I noticed that my cheeks are
so pretty trouble either chubbier then I
have what ideally like for the movie my
name is Raquel Hargrove I think I feel
very lucky that my body moves and it
does the things I want it to and yeah it
feels good it feels it feels like a home
I'm Mandy I'm 21 I feel very ambivalent
like I look at myself and I don't hate
anything I see
my name is Richard 19 I don't usually
show off my body often like this but
this is this is new definitely new go
ahead do you feel pressure to have a
specific shape see this is really
interesting in my life right now as a
plus-size model because I have been
going through this process to really
lose weight for my diabetes so in losing
weight I'm no longer the ideal like size
14 but also the modeling realm is
shifting to they want more pear-shaped
and I'm more hourglass so yeah I
definitely feel pressured right now I
think it very much wasn't like to do
with my relationship with men I've never
been like outright insulted for my
height at all but everyone it's like oh
I loved your tall it's so cool like some
guys are gonna love that
not me though I don't know I couldn't I
just I can personally I'm like you're
not original none of you balls to be
with someone yeah as beautiful as I am
that's the problem that's it I'm six-two
and if I had a wish it would be to go
back in time and spend less time caring
about what my body looks like I just
hated being so much taller than everyone
I think as women were made to feel like
we're supposed to be smaller and I am
very grateful now for this height that I
have that I walk into room and I'm like
you have to listen you can't ignore me
I'm here to take up space and I'm not
gonna feel bad about it what type of
body are you attracted to I guess the
more PC answer would be it's all about
the personality ideal body I guess I
would prefer someone who I guess is
either like fit or like curvy but it's
not necessarily
a deal-breaker if they're not those
things yeah this is a hard question for
me because I'm slightly on the age
sexual spectrum a label that's helpful
for me is demisexual which means that
like I literally cannot feel any
physical attraction unless there is some
pretense of like emotional connection I
feel like I am relatively privileged to
be in a body that's not skewed away from
beauty standards and social norms like I
have like a small figure I haven't
gotten a lot of like or at least I
haven't listened to a lot of messages
that have told me that I should change
so I look at myself and I'm like yep
that's a me how do you love your body I
don't know I really try to sleep a lot I
think that's like a thing for me where I
recognize that I kind of start to fall
apart if I'm like not sleeping it was
like I don't care enough about like this
shell that I'm living in enough to like
take care of it and try to eat healthy
and try to like drink water and try to
sleep I would probably start primarily
with food especially when I'm thinking
care of my voice I do a lot of singing
so I never drank like a full can of soda
before so so yeah exercise clearly I
have I'm not I'm not that it's it's
dietary habits this voice matters to me
a lot well the rest of this body is I
have the most significant thing per se
my voice stands out I'm able to just be
myself while singing of course I have my
insecurities but you know it's that's my
life before the parade passes by I'm
gonna go and taste back into my life
what is your favorite activity to do
that involves your body for me my
favorite activity is to do in this body
is dancing like I love dancing and
that's kind of like I don't know almost
like therapeutic for me like whether
it's torquing or salsa or whatever it is
like I just need to let it go it makes
me feel sexy I guess yeah I guess for me
it's weight training it was initially I
guess a mindset I had where if you were
like more muscular like skinny whatever
it may be that it would magically make
everything great yeah if I had like you
know broader shoulders like a six-pack
and like like girls will be running
running with me but it it's gotten me a
little bit better in a lot of regards in
terms of light just how I see myself how
like my confidence levels and like how I
go about my life but at the same time
celery process is growing up just being
more defined by the fact that I was
overweight I kind of envied in a way
people that were in better shape from my
perspective it seemed like they had
everything all together I guess kind of
being on the flip side of that coin now
it's very different in terms of you know
I've everything said you don't have
everything together just because you're
a better shape in my body my shape is a
reflection of the fact that I don't let
shape define me as much anymore share a
struggle that you've experienced in life
that involves your body I think it just
has to do with the eczema again yeah
like it was really bad as a kid I would
always wear long clothes so I could hide
my arms like I became like really quiet
really close and like the way I dressed
kind of reflected that I went through
the same exact thing but definitely that
wearing long sleeves long pants even
when it's the dead of summer growing up
and not only having bad eczema but also
being but chubby kid it was like really
rough cuz it's like okay nobody likes me
you know like no boys like me kind of
thing and I was always taller than them
too so it's like okay but we've made it
right here like super cool to hear
because you seem so
in your body yeah and I think I had to
go through those struggles to become
this person you know that it really made
me mature really fast do you think your
body is beautiful I do I do
it's kind of like a roller coaster ride
up and down in terms of I'm happy with
it and then I'm not happy with it
I like my curves I just like the way
that it's shaped I think it's very
flattering I like the way clothes look
on my body so though not perfect I think
that she gets the job done let's see has
anyone ever criticized your body my
family like it's really easy for
relatives to say like Oh like you should
eat more literally every time i Skype
with my parents well no I
your face looks smaller like like my
aunt kept annoying me eat more burgers
eat more burgers yes and I'm like I'm
eating I'm eating and it like it's like
I never gained a pound and sometimes I'm
like how did I lose a pound at this
point I've sort of just numbed it out
I'm like all right that's just who I am
I'm just okay with it it's not the most
outrageous body it's not the most you
know I have a six-pack or anything to
sort it sort of just it's me and
I am beautiful I am the best person who
I can be right now and while there's
always room for improvement there's
always the state where you can just
relax be you and be the most beautiful
person you can be at that moment
