I was defiantly naked who is so badass
my name is samaya i'm 23 years old
take off your robe and look at your body
in the mirror describe the feelings and
thoughts you have I feel shy and exposed
but I feel beautiful you know look my
name is Kylie Bamberger I'm 29 years old
I feel feminine different my name is
Ashe I'm 32 years old
it took me a long time to love this body
but I'm really proud of it my name is
Giovanni I'm 23 years old my body
doesn't look quite eight it's so awkward
looking and just looking at your body to
be almost
my name is chance Calloway I'm 31 years
old
feels weird I guess I'm a weird person
so I guess that's why it feels weird
being in my body I'm hairier than I
remember I guess I'm getting old
describe your hair when you wake up in
the morning this is definitely a new
question well it could be a you this is
what my hair looks like in the mornings
oh wow yeah man so my my morning routine
is like I lost my hair when I was 15
years old I have alopecia it is an
autoimmune hair loss disease I stopped
wearing wigs when I was about 20 21
years old and I have decided to embrace
my hair loss I feel that body hair we
use it to communicate we use it to
identify but I don't think that it
defines who you are describe what you
consider the ideal type of hair Oh
honestly I love curly hair I grew up
with curly hair it's a beautiful thing
because it's just a mixture of so many
cultures my track like of just like
three ex-girlfriends literally almost
look exactly the same that's like just I
can't even lie like do you find her sexy
I do I do honestly um my most ideal type
of hair would be whatever is natural I
never altered my hair I never had
changed it but I was never raised with
like hair become like makes you who you
are
so when I lost my hair I was almost
liberated I always had long hair so like
we're like like literally polar
opposites when you said like the hair
doesn't define who you are literally for
me because I grew up with like long
curly hair it like made me the man I am
today my hair is a been a part of me
society since I was born I've never seen
my hair short when I was growing up I
always had my hair in braids because it
was it was just the more masculine thing
to do and it was really tough and just
being called names like everybody
equates my hair to my sexuality notice
that that's pretty much the biggest
thing I had like I said it made me who I
am and named me strong it made me more
masculine in thank you mom honestly for
just not cutting it what does a bad hair
day
and look like for you with the hairline
that I have which isn't even a line it's
the Appalachian Mountains back there um
yeah I don't really have like bad hair
days it's just like yep I'm gonna look
like trash for the next like we can
happen well for my beard it's kind of
like one side my beard will be up here
yeah when I was first diagnosed with
polycystic ovarian syndrome I really
didn't like my body I didn't like how it
looked and I actually shaved my beard
and was terrified of letting it grow for
a really long time and I was miserable
living like that but you know it's soft
and full and it's gorgeous it gives me
more self-esteem to be able to wear it
and be proud of it now
have you ever experienced a physical
transformation I wish I experienced a
physical transformation honestly because
one thing I'm super insecure about is
the smallness of my body calm setting
like my hair versus my body like it's
just I feel like sometimes our physical
transformations can be mental if that
makes sense like growing up thinking
like oh I'm not perfect and then like my
mind switch not my body I was still not
perfect but I was all of a sudden like
oh I'm perfect like that was one of the
biggest transformations so I found out
that I was pregnant maybe two weeks ago
and I'm a little nervous because I never
like reached that whole dream body stage
and I'm a photographer so I just really
want to reach it for like one second so
I can take some pictures it's same as it
happened before but now I feel like I
might not get that chance because there
will be stretch marks on my tell me very
soon
but that's okay too
because there's gonna be baby
have you ever waxed any part of your
body and was it worth it if you did I
can start no good I have like bad
experiences with waxing my mom like
insisted oh we have to wax it off and
everything and like you know she just
didn't want me to be made fun of in
school but it made me feel like you know
I was a freak and I had this huge secret
that I had to keep from everybody and
you know one day I'd had Scully's and
like nobody really said anything and I
was like okay well let's keep this going
see how far I can go probably one of the
happiest moments for me was when I
finally had kind of like a small beard
one of my friends he's this big like
Viking looking guy he just took me up in
this huge bear hug and he like whispered
in my ear and was just like you look
beautiful and like I love this and keep
growing it I was like I had the real
life-changing experience yeah yeah cuz
it was who's like the first moment that
somebody accepted it
like out loud and you know I'm like
trying to not cry but um but yeah and so
ever since then it's just been so much
better and it's been so freeing so how
do you embrace it really I walked in the
room and like the person I saw was
actually you and your smile
really happy that you embrace it it
seems to you thank you as curvy as I am
and as hairy as I am I'm like I still
find myself incredibly beautiful I'm
really grateful for how much I stand out
I feel like I'm able to make more of an
impact just meeting a person then I
would if I wasn't so different describe
a physical shape of the person across
from you that you admire it's really
hard for me to receive but I've been
working on that yeah you your skin you
have that wonderful that kind of like
that glowy kind of like you know yeah I
believe that everything that's physical
yeah you know it's tight also to like
you know the stuff that you can't see
right it's you know it's fantastic I
love how you said that that's tied to
something that you can't see because I
totally feel this thing about your smile
I feel like that's tied directly to your
heart I mean I'm never really satisfied
I'm always either too skinny or too
overweight oh I definitely wish my hair
wasn't still receding because let's be
real my hair was like a point of pride
when I was a kid it's I guess my body is
my back what else do you want from me
you know it's been giving me a lot share
a struggle that you've experienced in
life that involves your body I would say
I think all of my body struggles would
have to be with my hair loss and losing
femininity even to this day I'm
approached as excuse me sir how can i
how can I help you yeah every day while
you're working on changing what people
think it's a struggle but that's like
it's like what drives me you know I I
like the saying you can't control what
others do but you can control how you
react
I stopped going to the gym for a long
time because in the shower room like I
would have ladies yelling at me so I
stepped out completely naked and I was
like is there something wrong and it was
a terrifying experience but at the same
time it's like I was defiantly naked
which like I you know I have certain
insecurities and things but in the other
hand its I was taking the power away
from them that is so badass
no seriously look I find like embracing
who you are as a whole however that
maybe is just so badass some days it
feels like you are an alien the most
exotic thing that anyone has ever seen
some days the only thing you elicit is
sympathy pity
but some days you change people's minds
I feel like my body is as perfect as it
can be you know when you're able to
accept yourself your body feels lighter
and your body feels more complete and I
wouldn't change it for the world we
should grab a beer night hey guys this
is John from Jubilee thank you so much
for watching this video we hope you guys
enjoyed it there's any topics that have
to do with bodies that you want us to do
an episode on we'd love to hear that as
well and as always please be sure to
click Subscribe and follow us on
Instagram peace
