do you feel like it's good to be like
forthright about what you're looking for
absolutely why waste your time with this
like well maybe like he'll change or
it'll work because if he's a Scorpio and
you don't want to Scorpio it's like why
waste your time get a Libra like oh my
god libras are I mean Capricorn's are
fine too okay here we go
hey photo bomber mm-hmm raining hey guys
my makeup from yesterday will just do it
okay oh you guys all right any who
doesn't want to go on a date with Angie
three two one wait but I can't text this
fast so slow down like if you're Scorpio
like I'm not even into astrology either
all I know is that they're really mean
I definitely do need to date somebody
who's like down for vegan food once in a
while all the time mostly vegan really
everyone's down eat vegan food if
anyone's not down to eat vegan food 3 2
donuts are vegan too
I mean I really do appreciate
adventurous sex just because I meant
obviously an adventurous person if
someone's down to hot sex on the part
I'm like all about it or or 9 apart if
there's kids there
we do we swipe on our phones that's all
we're doing
it's so fast you it's your thumb okay
you can stay really everyone's down I'm
wait I knew it
thanks for your honesty you know I
really do love brown eyes like I'm gonna
start there we'll say brown hair black
hair so they have to have brown or black
hair this counts is something I think so
alright are you here about brown eyes
and brown hair and black hair counts
right oh yeah yeah round eyes black and
yellow fur somebody who is not religious
yeah I'm down for like inna when we're
like senior citizens to be like domestic
partners that's a legal term but other
than that no no marriage no kids
honestly no cats either but oh I do want
a house with a backyard to grow some
strawberries that's all
roll away hey those were all my
questions that's that let's go on to sex
on the beach though I mean this was
really weird it was interesting
we're in 2018 it feels like we're
definitely like going places like I just
think like I know what I want and if
somebody knows what they want why not
say it to manifest it you know like
people have set it straight to my face
before and like that feels right I don't
know like you're too young and it's like
okay cool I have no control over that or
like you smoke too much weed it's like
well I have control over that but fuck
you am I gonna change so why waste time
you know I do
Phoenix change that okay
manator I know dude now I feel like now
we're gonna run into each other there
can I type it I don't know
