I have wanted to commit suicide several
times every time I write a new letter to
my family before I attempt I probably
have about 30 or 40 letters stacked up
somewhere because I'm too much of a
coward to go through with it
I felt like I was useless because that's
what my parents told me that I was a
failure and a loser
I believed them I felt like a burden to
everyone I just wanted to erase my
existence I think it was when I lost my
friend to cancer that really saved me it
made me feel like it was selfish of me
to choose to die when some people don't
even have a choice I've always had this
feeling that I'm not doing as much as I
can in this world or I'm not changing
the world in any way so what's the point
in living the summer of my sophomore
year I tried to kill myself
the other kids at the hospital for some
of the nicest people I've ever met they
supported me unlike my teachers and
family who called me selfish and
cowardly for my actions I don't know how
I how I feel about that word associated
with suicide I think it's kind of like a
word used to shame rather than help
I was sexually assaulted at the age of
15 people at my school blamed it all on
me after dealing with it for so long I
couldn't handle it anymore so one night
I went downstairs and took all the pills
in the cabinet I woke up in the hospital
hooked up to a bunch of machines to this
day my parents can't come to explain
what happened they get too choked up
every time if this person was in front
of me I would hug them honestly and just
tell them that it's not their fault
she had no control over somebody else's
actions and it's awful that she's left
with the repercussions and all of the
feelings and the emotions but I promise
you it gets better it gets better I come
from a past with a lot of bullying most
of my years in elementary and middle
school was nothing but bullying
name-calling being punched for no reason
and teachers telling me to grow up
this spiraled into me being depressed
after eight years five suicide attempts
I still feel like I'm never to anyone
the last part of it is really difficult
to wrap your head around to think that
someone doesn't feel good enough and I
think we all kind of go through those
situations it's hard to think about if
you like make so many attempts at
something and you're still here you have
a purpose for this world
you
