this is a little intimidating I'm not
gonna lie like I'm gonna get like the
ship you out of me like I used a couple
everything from tinder coffee meets
bagel bumble I don't think it's weird to
meet someone online I think it's more
you just you know go into it open and
with the possibility of meeting someone
cool
this is a little intimidating I'm not
gonna lie like I'm like it like the
out of me like
nice to meet you nice to meet you I
remember uncial ancho Jasmine uncial
nice to meet you
it's like on shilada nice to meet you
Catherine I'm Gloria Gloria I'm Phil
nice to meet you
jasmine I'm Sol nice to meet you what's
really nice to Kathy I'm so nice to meet
you that's cool
how's your weekend been how have you
been
so I guess like first question would you
spend three hours on the moon or three
months in Europe three months in Europe
yeah really really yeah that's awesome
are you from LA or Huntington Beach area
what are you interested in or trying to
go towards the Arts
I actually hadn't failed my family over
long oh okay okay yes I feel very
special like I used to be a swimmer yeah
when I was 12
hold up you had a blog when you were 12
like that's insane yeah no I do too I
love it yeah well that's great meeting
you good seeing you
awesome it's great meeting you going
have a good time stress of dates you
know oh boy she's one person right now
that's hard I mean like I feel like this
is the part where the dating life goes
into the real world right like how do
you make that kind of decision
hello again hello nice to see you yet
again at the end yeah cool so I had a
really great time talking to you I love
the chance if you'd like to see me again
sometime
I hope to take you on a date maybe like
next weekend yeah okay cool I'll send
your sometimes let me get your number
well fine it's strange strange it's
interesting me that we do this all the
time and like I've definitely done this
multiple times my phone but it's
definitely weird when you're in person
you're like oh I have to do this to you
right now I definitely I feel like it's
so different from dating in real life or
even dating generally it's generally
takes a lot longer a lot more talking a
lot more understanding but this was like
Oh done in five seconds that's so
straight so you can judge a whole person
in five seconds
