I think I got friend-zoned a viral New
York Times article featured 36 questions
that could supposedly make any two
people fall in love we wanted to see
what would happen if we ask these
questions to two complete strangers on a
blind date my name is Nicole Ross and I
am currently single I have no idea what
to expect from today but I'm excited for
the turnout my name is David Simmons I'm
single AF but you know hopefully this is
gonna help me find like my perfect match
the worst thing that could happen is if
I'm allowed to say this is the complete
opposite of like what I am into comes
out and like she I'm just hoping like
we're not gonna even have to have like
the worst possible thing David nice to
meet you all you ever hug before you're
my new wife now yeah I just decided
right now jump right to it
we're to have like a beach date this
will were to do pretty like get on those
little bird things we're just gonna be
flying down like the little pier it's
gonna be fun did it happen you know I've
been wanting to ride bikes on the pier
so we're dudes like a plan when did you
last sing to yourself and to someone
last singing to myself was probably like
in my over here like I'm for Trevor and
I were like pumpkin I think I've seen to
myself every day but last time I sing to
someone else I was for my best friend's
birthday saying happy birthday but it
was like the remix version yeah yeah
what is the greatest accomplishment of
your life I have a lot be finding myself
because growing up I never I always felt
like I was missing something I never
knew what it was and kind of always like
relied on other people to fill my
happiness and feel just the void that I
always wanted filled all it took was
finding that love and trusting yourself
to be able to do anything you want in
life
Wow that that was honestly insane like I
never heard anything like more well SEC
did that and you just made my
accomplishments just like feel like
ha ha ha I would say that my greatest
accomplishment not I wouldn't say
finding myself because I'm not entirely
sure if I found myself yet right
entirely but it would just be like
learning how to get out of like the
social norm
everyone just feels like you have to
live one certain way and like that's the
only way like you can do anything with
your life and just even like moving out
here on your own is a huge
accomplishment being on your own there's
a lot there's so much that you could say
for that bag I think that was good yeah
what is your most terrible memory uh
high school senior night you know I was
like on the basketball team I was like
alright I'm gonna ask this go to prom
it's gonna be awesome
I had like people and like the stands
holding like problem spelled out walk my
little brother and I over to this girl
asked her to like go to prom with me she
like looked in front of me she's like no
I was like ok no each other yeah like we
talked for a super long time like she
said no in front of everyone I was like
ok cool she like obviously felt bad but
it is kind of comical it's like I look
back in laughs never forget you sure
about Carla came her away my most
terrible memory would probably be like
right before I moved out here to
California I got in this wreck and I'd
never been in a wreck before and this
guy was drunk driving and it was like
late at night and he completely t-boned
he had this huge truck and just drove
right into me and I just really thought
I was like about
died that night and I was just like
freaking out and I will never forget I
just like did not know how to react to
the rekt and I was like crying and try
and get out of the car but I didn't know
how to get out of the car because I was
in like so much shock and and so yeah I
was just like a terrible feeling that I
never want to experience again and it
just really made me mad that he was like
drunk and that is crazy but I at least I
live yeah definitely because like you
lived and you still look fine as
what do you value most in a friendship
me just be being trustworthy we make
friends like easily I can imagine like
you seem really social but like you
probably went past people that like
ended up kind of like screwing you over
something like that
when you never thought they would I'm
110% honest though my friends could be
like hopefully you do that in return
like not try to like just use me to like
benefit yourself but like maybe just
like we benefit each other like like
everything takes a team yeah I agree I
think mine would definitely be loyalty
but also guidance like I love having
friends that like are constantly making
sure I'm doing what my heart is calling
me to do you know like if you're trying
to distract me and I'm like steer me
away from bettering myself and I feel
like that's not really a good friendship
I'm gonna need to keep you around just
because like you're at a set me straight
okay when did you last cry in front of
another person and by yourself well I
just recently broke up with my ex so
like all of my friends had to deal with
me like crying and like being soft I
don't want to give like my time and like
effort to someone just to get shattered
that's how you learn yeah I guess okay I
go through heartbreak if not you never
know that's the last time you cried oh
yeah mmm it's very good I feel like I
cried a lot um the last time I cried in
from another person
probably like at church you know they
always say some emotional stuff and then
I can even napkin my house so they saw
me crying oh I like this one
so uh would you go on a second date with
your partner aka me really like seed
like the comments like yeah you're like
well I'm the kind of person where like I
don't really like to consider a date
like I like to really get to know
someone so if we're hanging out as
friends then yes because I mean that's
like you're so spending time but I feel
like if it's like a date then you have
to look at it like okay I'm gonna be in
a relationship with this person so I'm
kind of like old-school with it I go
with the flow if it's meant to happen
again then it will definitely happen
again if not then we definitely got the
experience from it you know
okay well that's low-key hurt my
feelings but I did not say we're now
each other good yeah because I already
know we're going to exactly so should be
hurt but uh yes I would definitely go on
another date with you and uh I guess
when we leave here that's when it starts
yeah mm-hmm so we're taking another sip
of tea on that one all right another
Cheers
of course new friendship I think I got
friends oh my gosh yeah new friendships
why you likely thought that your heart
attacks I'm a pro fisherman so it'd be
fun hi folks I'm Dan and I'm Jason thank
you so much for watching another episode
of tea for two we love this series and
we hope you do too
right as always make sure that you
subscribe and like it or watch our
videos and we will see you guys next
time
spread love
