my boyfriend cheated on me with my
cousin about three years ago they're
still together and I have to see him in
every family gathering oh that's so
messed up
I have loved the same girl for the past
six years I see her from time to time
and we fool around but to me it's more
than that I've been feeling the same
heartbreak for six years I've dated a
guy for almost two years I was so in
love with him I changed myself to his
liking not realizing that he never felt
the same for me he dumped me and when I
asked why he refuses to tell me he left
me in the dark to this very day that one
I had someone do something very similar
to me when I was in college I ended up
getting back with his old fiancee didn't
tell me about it I wish I wouldn't have
put so much of the blame on myself
because at the end of the day it was
something going on with him
feel like so many people are so hard on
themselves in relationships I was in a
long-distance relationship everything I
felt was real and I believed it was real
for him too
we each kept a journal to write letters
and when we saw each other again we
would read them out loud to each other
it was something special but his friends
didn't believe in our relationship and
pressured him to burn his journal they
recorded it and sent the video to me
Jesus Christ
it was tormenting and traumatizing I'm
astounded by the cruelty exhibited by
people sometimes like you are far better
off not being associated with them at
all whatsoever because it's going to
take years for this person and their
friends to discover what is at the root
of their own pain that's causing them to
like want to hurt other people this way
but you dodged a bullet here
I think my worst heartbreak would have
to be when my great grandma passed away
five days before my 24th birthday I
usually get a picture with her every
year for my birthday but not this year
my father was never a religious man but
when he had liver cancer and was at the
hour of his death
I saw him pray to a god I had never seen
him so scared in his life and it broke
my heart my best friend died in a car
crash my last words to her were I never
want to see you again it will continue
to haunt me for the rest of my life I
wish in her final moments she knew how
much she meant to me and how much she
changed my life for the better I think
that that makes me want to like call up
likes on my friends and be like dude
like I love you like do you know that
there probably to be like what are you
talking about but like really just
letting them know
you
