how about Sam Samantha never gonna get
bad
a viral New York Times article featured
36 questions that could supposedly make
any two people fall in love we wanted to
see what would happen if we ask these
questions to two complete strangers on a
blind date my name is Amy and I am super
single my last relationship was a year
and a half ago I've been very ready to
go back into the dating game my name is
joey Jennings and I'm currently single
I've kind of messed around with the
online dating apps you kind of get to
know them like through the the bio and
there's but you can't really trust that
you know so technically no I've never
been on a full-on blind date like this I
have no idea what I'm in for but I'm
accepted with a big hug hi nice to meet
you nice to meet you as well
I said that twice I feel a little on
edge but like in a good way it's not a
nervous thing it's just like
anticipation and like a little bit uit
yes Cheers
to 40 I would do that yes 40 I have no
idea what flavor it is like it's tea so
it's good for the soul when did you last
see to yourself and to someone else oh
man last time I sang to myself was
yesterday and the shower I love singing
like riding my bicycle oh good I'm
tone-deaf
I can't carry a tune I'll sing something
and I'll be like that's so not what it
sounded like my head how about Sam Smith
just your energy and your smile while
you're singing it is just that's more of
a treat
one minute and tell your partner your
life story as much detail as possible
born and raised in Southern California
middle school was pretty rough for me
you know I was house a really awkward
kid sophomore year I started going
through some really bad depression and
that's something I still deal with today
I don't know exactly where it comes from
there's so many different sources I
dropped out of high school sophomore
year because it was that bad
and I don't know if you know next models
yeah so this one woman saw me is just
like do you work for anyone I'm just
like what do you mean was just like do
you model and how did that play into
your depression
it definitely fed my ego a bunch and I
was just everyone at school is like oh
he's living the dream dropped at high
school and becoming a model and I got my
Instagram going it everyone's like oh
look at this like no I have clinical
depression and big job because of the
system as you could tell I'm pretty open
about sharing that stuff because I know
so many other people have it and it's
not something to be ashamed of at all it
shouldn't be 19 to where I am now I
started a surfing business oh so if I
can make enough money to support myself
do things I love that's success I would
have never also guessed that you have
like clinical depression and it's
something that you struggle with now
yeah not many people think that at all
they just say snap out of it you got
everything you want
I think well my mom would say to me I
was born in the Bay but I moved here
when I was three my mom wasn't the
breadwinner and my dad was the homemaker
so he was the one braiding my hair
taking me to school be on my recitals
and I actually didn't start seeing my
mom or like cultivating a relationship
with there until I was like 15 things
that you would relate masculinity in
this society like I learned it off of my
mom like how to negotiate a business
deal or how to present yourself and then
my dad was the one who was like if I
said I was like fat
he'd be like ami you're so like just
fine you don't need a workout and my mom
would be like go work out you're
pathetic you're a loser
with her she's really unhappy so I think
seeing that growing up I was like
there's something missing if I have to
trade all my time to make money where do
I have the time to enjoy that money
exactly as soon as I graduated from UCLA
my mom was like you know you're making
like X amount of money like go follow
your dream I support you like because I
heard it from her I was like
everything's not a surprise yeah of
course
cuz like everything I did was to impress
her what would constitute a perfect day
for you
my perfect day would be sleeping in
eating something very healthy but
delicious so like in a cycle and then
probably spending it in like nature man
what about you I would wake up at 5:30
in the morning and go down surfing after
5:30 to 7:30 I'd go snowboarding yeah
and after that if I could at night I'd
go skydiving
what are you be trained by the end of
the day though I feel like you're like
extremely students for you
I'm getting energy from ya oh this
bounces it man what is your most
terrible memory it's great I basically
got expelled for making um my space of a
teacher my space was just a new thing
and you know people were scared of like
crisis like killers and stuff like that
and the internet was a very scary thing
you'll still dial up there you like
purposely like kind of teasing her no I
actually made her a gap model it was
like good Intel yeah and then people
just yeah and I'm literally like like
straight-a student like I'm on the honor
roll then I got expelled I'm from a
small town so literally everyone knew
about it and I spent every single day
crying and then my dad came into the
room and he just started sobbing with me
on the bed I was sound like a sweetheart
oh yeah he is but like just that moment
I never want to feel that way every year
my life all right for me it's got to be
a scooter accident I was 7 years old you
know how it has those puffy handles yeah
everything ok well one of them was off
one of the screws for the front wheels
fell off
I just nosedive face-planted and at the
same time the scooter handle drove up my
chin and through my mouth it bypassed
the bones and just went it was awful but
I was in so much shock that I didn't
even be able to realize it I didn't feel
the pain I was just like I was just
dizzy and like wondering what it just
happened
there was blood all over the driveway I
was bleeding out just my whole face was
being drained
that's like out of all that that's the
score that you got yeah I think it's
quite small it's shrunk but it was like
that big oh you know so that was more
physically painful and this is
emotionally alternate sharing something
you consider a positive characteristic
of your partner right off the bat you
have a beautiful smile and we're very
positive and you're very outgoing I
think you're a very positive person and
I think I said earlier like I would have
never guessed that someone like you was
like dealing with clinical depression
and I think that shows a lot about how
strong you are too I think you're also
fearless that's what I have noticed when
I see you I'm like this guy is fearless
like you're like you're perfect it has
to do with snowboarding thank you I like
surfing you just seem very overall
positive and you're like a very
resilient person I can tell thank you
that means a lot would you go on a
second date with your partner yes
interesting person yeah for sure I think
I do a lot to talk about
I could definitely see us hanging out
more about our person for free - no I
live Wow as soon as he said that I was
like I'll pay you - cuz I respect your
services let's go on our date hi
everyone I'm Toya from Jubilee thank you
so much for watching this video if you
would like to be in one of these videos
make sure you check out our casting
forum the link is down below and maybe
we will match up you for the next one as
always please subscribe watch my videos
and we will see you in the next one
why
you
