do Jews wear those hats to cover their
horns no just to like respect God and
stuff hair covers the horns YouTube
pages and Twitter as well just might be
fun to read them to okay that's great
that's racing religion is for people who
cannot deal with reality
I just spice oh why do Hindus look
smelly crusty and freaks are terrifying
they scare me more than any other threat
on earth I do believe that about
crustaceans yes I was gonna say I don't
I feel like when you look at food you're
like I know that smell your food is good
soon thanks most atheists are effing
liberals and they're trying to destroy
the West just look at Europe right now
plus the Atheist is a total soy what soy
soy boy toy boy what's a soy boy are you
with Muslims is like playing chess with
a pigeon no matter how good you are at
chess the pigeon is just going to knock
over the pieces crap on the board and
strut around like it's victorious so I'm
gonna win this person made a story line
at Philip s rights they're literally the
most privileged group in the world look
at the average Jewish income or business
ownership and compare it to African
Americans dang even to Asians Middle
Easterners and whites and the privilege
of being evicted from country after
country what a treat oh goodness
comics are fiction just like the Bible
Christians are subhumans
with zero intellect we need to ship them
to Iran oh my god seriously
I hoped about Christmas Eve
I'd reconcile Hindu believes a cow to be
their mother if so do they drink their
piss you know what that's not even funny
because it's true you mean they drink
their piss like what my mom told me was
like when you're born you have to drink
like because Pete did you apparently
think I don't remember this person is
like not educated but like being you
exactly no such thing as a theist
everything atheists claim is in fact the
total opposite they suppress and deny
the truth
everyone knows deep down there's a God
lowercase G but they deny him because
they hate him they are too arrogant to
humble themselves to the creator they're
wicked evil individuals and atheists are
the angry ones anyone that would support
a Muslim go live on their country's and
then tell me you want support one but
which countries all you don't mean what
kind of like if you're on Facebook you
are kind of used to this yeah I don't
think Christians are idiots and I'm not
angry all the time I promise I think
there's plenty of Christians to go
there's a lot of angry people
it is also terrifying because you know
you'll see those Commons are like 500
likes and stuff and you're like oh it's
not not everyone thinks this is just
some idiot it's crazy how people could
be so ignorant or even have the time to
write down mean comments cuz even if I'm
watching a video and I don't like it I'm
just like okay yeah exit move on I think
it's cuz they're behind a computer and
it's easy to hide but I'm yeah if they
were sitting right here that they would
say those things to you or they well so
some might you just interact with people
and you see the humanity behind behind
everybody and you just realize that
these like assumptions aren't true and
that there's
people comments yeah don't leave us any
hair comment
