Atlit the story begins watch ex vegan
testimonies don't follow this unnatural
religion go vegan and die here go men
it's Easter islands I like meat too much
translation I'm too ignorant to change
well honey you know I always saved it up
you can just control what you put in
your mouth honey you can throw anything
code elite stop eating the flesh flesh
is capitalized what if breaking people's
legs made you happy look on the bright
side
Karnas will die sooner than vegans and
not to mention reproduce less due to the
erectile dysfunction eventually they'll
die out and the more intelligent kinds
of humans vegans will survive I believe
that my penis fell off yesterday because
I eat meat my penis fell off at hype
streams Meat Is Murder Daria's rape go
vegan great song I mean yeah we are
killing animals to eat them but I also
kill a lot of mice in the lab for
science so I guess I'm just an animal
murderer in general add jar-jar 5:2 to
do their mouths water when they mow the
lawn
vegetable people are so weird why
hahahahahahahahaha lot of bottom to that
one I see weird I feel like I'm cute I
don't know I start at 9 1 2 the heck he
do no plants our life right
they give us oxygen but you blend it
into some smoothie
I'll even quote a Disney song for you
it's the circle of life I guess they're
trying to say that plants feel pain -
yeah that's not true
animals don't speak so you can't prove
they feel pain alright I'll just take
your puppy and beat it against the wall
all good right
seriously how stupid are these people
they fading I did at Clarence Boddicker
vegan is an ancient Inuit word for
shitty hunter
that's just written
that's over at Louis J doe facts and
logic destroy carnist nonsense every
time oh my god not that he included any
facts but I agree with the veganism but
being vegan isn't cruelty free still got
immigrants suffering so you can get your
strawberries some angry people in the
world every thought out now I don't
agree with any of it really like if you
want to be big and be big in the ass
like I said yeah a certain age you make
the choice and you know stand by your
values in your core mm-hmm you know it
doesn't have to be black or white yeah
it's not like you can only eat vegan
food all the time or only meat all the
time
yeah just Heine hide
behind that anonymous screen name makes
it so easy for people to just be so mean
to each other without thinking about the
repercussions which is why I like
cyberbullying is such a huge deal but it
just doesn't seem like the most
productive way to create the change that
they want do you really think your
comment is gonna make a difference in
anything I just always say really honey
in a world full of like just so much
separation why let food be something
that separates us - they thought it was
cool and edgy when they really should
have focused on keeping it simple yeah
because it is awkward and pretentious
lol this whole format is so cringy
agreed
