the question is would you like to
contribute to the prize pool if so
please do it now I'm willing to
contribute I'll put up to another $750
I'm making $1,000 are you kidding
oh you're serious yes
here we go my name is DeAndre Coates and
I work at University of Southern
California so USC and I work in
Residence Life student affairs
my name is Aneesh I work at a healthcare
start-up as a medical scribe trainer
I'm Joslin sama I'm a youtuber and
blogger I've been doing it since before
YouTube was a thing since 2009 so og
YouTube in the house my name is Mike
McAfee I'm in real estate and marketing
I love what I do I'm very good at what I
do and that's my calling in life I found
it I guess I'm blessed for that
or doubles cannon
that's chance so how much would you chop
off a limb floor forty million dollars
they might what maybe those - on the
dark wall because that means that I'd be
able to get that limb prosthetic Li put
back on and I also would have a peace of
mind because I did this for no less than
forty your wife yeah okay I'm gonna go
and say forty two million I would say a
hundred million because I mean I'm a
strong girl my legs are strong whoever's
getting this left leg squat for days
yeah I would never chop off any limb for
any amount of money I would however chop
off any body part for someone I loved
oh that's concept cop I would what was
the most financially desperate time of
your life how did you deal with it oh
there were so many I was a teen mom
single mom you apparently cannot sleep
in a Walmart parking lot in a car with
your baby so that was me and that was
all good but uh yeah good stories in
college there it was one semester where
I could not afford to go back
I like applied for ton of
scholarships and I got one I'm really
fortunate to have grown up in a well-off
family my parents did a lot of the hard
work than being immigrants and the fact
that my parents are incredibly
supportive I have not encountered that
yet I hope I don't but yeah we blessed
when I was a kid we had we were up a
middle class and then my dad went
bankrupt I moved to America at fifteen
and a half by myself living on my
grandmother's floor and my father moved
to Africa and so he was trying to send
money and I remember talking to my dad
and I said papa
what's up where's the money we got to
pay the rent
he said I don't know I'm sorry and then
you realize no not oh the
fight-or-flight kind of happens and
that's when your persona is a human your
resilience comes out but it was the best
thing that ever happened to me good yeah
super super great Komachi oh I gotta pay
you
yeah damn it
I love can money solve the world's
problems Hales to the no I disagree with
that wholeheartedly yes it can I don't
think so why do you disagree I just do I
think I think money cannot fix anything
in a capitalistic society such as we
have I feel like money equals power and
so like if you don't have it I think you
don't have a say in the room in a lot of
ways and so I think it can't fix things
holistically but it can change status
which I think changes things I'm gonna
stick to it fixes problems to a certain
point it's like it's like to a certain
point like you know the more money you
have the more financial secure you are
bla bla bla and your happiness you have
more options but then after a point you
know your happiness I believe plateaus
after you make a certain amount of money
the more money you make that doesn't
have any correlation or anything money
is not gonna make you happier not to
begin with and not at the end of what
the answer the original question which
is does money yes it solves many many
problems there are certain problems that
cannot be solved with money but 80% of
your day-to-day issues revolve around
money money solves some problems which
doesn't solve everything is what we're
saying yeah but it gives you the
resource and potential answer this
question or pay $100 to the bank if you
don't answer this question how much do
you make and my previous job I made 20
an hour
I make 47 K a bit on of those I had a
lot of Brando's eyes
five one two hundred and fifty three
dollars which I probably will because
I'm gonna beat everybody I've been into
solo traveling recently so I probably
take that 250 bucks get an airfare
ticket I've tried to be better with
saving so 250 doesn't sound like a whole
lot at the moment but I think if I got
it I try to save some of it I'm probably
gonna spread the wealth and give my
portions to everybody else or invite
everybody to a nice meal that's probably
what I'm gonna do with that money if I
win if I won $250 today I would donate
it to my favorites a nonprofit
organization which is the thirst project
so I'm gonna win it for them Oh rent $8
this is very different with real money
this is the changing okay the question
is would you like to contribute to the
prize pool if so please do it now so
this would be going with one of you if
yeah we won minds for charity what it's
like charity of your own pocket if
there's maggots I'm willing to
contribute but I don't have cash yeah
I'm good for it I'll put up to another
$750 I'm making $1,000 are you King oh
you're serious
yeah whoever wins you're just gonna
venmo them $750 lovely yes seriously why
don't you shake on it you want to just
shake on it shake on a third hand shake
on it
make sure it's not you did yeah no I
think it might be the liquid courage job
it's capitalism good I don't think it's
perfect but I don't think there is a
perfect system you'll never please
everybody
I do think because I've been in bread
and like born into a capitalistic system
I'm programmed to think my Worth and
value is attributed to like how much I
have or how much I can spend on this
thing and so I don't love with
capitalism into your head yeah yeah I
don't think of it that way it's so funny
I think of it as I create my destiny and
there's no cap to my ability that you
want to attain that in that you can
attain that I also brief like you create
your own destiny where until you don't
though yeah that's true but then that's
your choice don't you think I think we
don't always have a choice in a lot of
ways so like we can't control where were
born who were born to and so I think the
whole bootstrap pulling yourself up from
your bootstraps some people don't have a
boot to pull their straps up what do you
think some people lack motivation to
change their circumstances so you use
the analogy of you're a teen mom and
like you work and you fought you did all
these things I know other teen moms who
also I know personally support yeah so I
think they had support right I didn't I
was kicked out so yeah so like are
struggling right now so those people
gave up Amy no no no some saying they're
still fighting but their circumstances
aren't changing and that's not anything
that hair do and you got to stop I have
to stop you
what if you keep doing the same thing
right so if you are for children and you
get help from your family
mm-hmm but you still aren't your
circumstances aren't changing you're
telling me that that's their fault 100%
okay I get this this I'm gonna get this
roll the dice the highest roller may
dare the others to do anything to get
out of the dare pay a hundred and
twenty-five dollars to the bank I see
you eight
so the Dare is 11 so I dare you to tell
everyone your how much you make it's
millions of millions of dollars exactly
good an exact number all this truth is I
don't even know really I don't know
exactly how much of it guys know it's
millions of dollars okay I dare you to
throw all of your money up in the air
how much is it declarant 89 bucks okay
yeah you over $400 or $450 for 50 all
right here we go
so I'm gonna have to pay you the rest no
you're supposed to mortgage a house or a
property that's how you lose okay this
is the beginning of your dumb phone
looks like it is I'm gonna mortgage
Water Works
how much is that 75 what's something
money can't buy
died great even though I said that
earlier you can't buy time no you can't
buy you love you can't buy you happiness
we treat all they said so and any of
these things could be sure no whammies
University there's a book Law of
Attraction working Connecticut is the
600 buck won in this defense though I
did like say that multiple times in my
mind and I still haven't gone pretty far
really believe it I did
six-six are you kidding me oh you got it
told you you believed it you truly
believed it I asked you did you truly
believe it boom baby I told you
did your parents or guardians influence
how you think about money or success
because they came to me I had to make it
happen and I think you when you're put
in a situation again with the fighter
flight
I would hope most people would fight um
and that's what I did and I think that's
what made me the person I am today had
they given me every all the resources I
needed to be ok I don't know that I
would be this person I don't know what I
mean you definitely would not be this
person I'm telling you this you'd be
maybe I was inaudible yeah you're very
very very driven and you're also the
tenacity that you have originally in
your personality I can tell you all
tenacious person but I think a hundred
percent without even knowing you for too
long you are who you are because you
suffered and you did what you did to get
this right you're absolutely yeah can I
just say one thing which is like you
know all three of you I feel like you
know I feel like clearly struggled a lot
more you know that I haven't like that's
something that I can't relate to and
usually I used to feel bad just because
like that's how it can make you feel and
I think now in the last couple of years
I've come to the realization that you
know just because you may have not had
those type of struggles like financially
you shouldn't feel bad yes you should
look you know you have those like
moments where you like reopen eyes I
don't even know if that's a word but
like that's like I've had like a real
pity on that even though I've realized a
while ago that I shouldn't feel bad
oh yeah so
439 some remember that for me 918
dollars in cash
wait wait even with all your proper know
how to counter the property yes 1145 I
would you guys 509 good job again that
was fun
although I won I have a better idea you
guys choose because I was gonna give all
the money between all of you Oh or you
could just give all the money to her for
charity take the 250th start there then
I'll add to the pot $250 what a charity
oh yeah he's been blowing it right now
dollars we just gave 40 people clean
drinking water for life we just gave 40
people clean drinking water for life for
life
