oh my god you know what's crazy this is
it a viral New York Times article
featured 36 questions that could
supposedly make any two people fall in
love we wanted to see what would happen
if we ask these questions to two
complete strangers on a blind date
hi my name is Jay Lee Dawkins and I'm
single
I've actually never been in a
relationship yes
so I've been on dates but I've never had
a boyfriend so I'm like low-key singled
my whole life but I'm 21 so it's not
crazy I think my name is Mikey Miller
and I am single as a Pringle you know
more so than I thought I would a little
bit but I'm good on dates this year I've
given a lot of attention to myself and
haven't really made myself available but
I think I think I'm good I think I'm
ready
jaylee yeah it's like a long Hollywood
suspense
well waiting well I think the t42 that
warrants T X so I shall for you soon oh
it's ready I think if you could wake up
tomorrow having gained one quality or
ability what would it be
isn't it weird that I thought of a
superpower of hers I don't know I would
love
to teleport because I commute every day
to school and then also I really want to
travel something like that would just be
amazing yeah are there limitations to
teleporting parameters you have to stay
with it
why put limits on teleportation one
quality
I'll go sappy cuz that's like kind of a
sappy person okay
I think like having the utmost like
empathy and having kind of like
unconditional positive regard for people
and and myself honestly take one minute
and tell your partner your life story as
much detail as possible
geez grew up super silly jock yeah it
didn't really start questioning myself
until I lost a lot of people in my life
really really quickly and they were all
under the age of like 50 I'm talking
like seven people probably and then it
wasn't until then that I started to
really question things started
experimenting more who's here life goes
fast is that a minute like that's it
that's life story yeah yeah yeah ever
since I was a kid I wanted to have my
own business I was kind of trying to
figure out what that was when I was
growing up first I wanted to be a chef
and I was like no way
yeah I was obsessed with Gordon Ramsay
still everything was restaurants really
yes golden it's my favorite person ever
haha all right and then
I wanted to go into accounting which was
completely different dog daycare and
then I was like you know what I really
love fashion and then that was but this
is like ten I figured that out when I
was ten so that I'm like okay that's
what I'm going for you seem super
passionate about a lot of things yeah
yeah
um what is your most terrible memory
growing up I was not close to my sister
and then she had to get surgery I don't
know like when this happened when I was
really young - so no one was telling me
anything
when you go home and someone who was
there all the time cuz you're in close
quarters it's like missing cuz nobody
wanted to let you know I mean yeah a lot
of a lot of things could have went wrong
but luckily it went right no it was
weird because I was like I hate my
sister but then she was gone and I was
like I kind of loved my terrible memory
I mentioned I lost a whole bunch of
people in a short amount of time the
eerie thing is they were all like
getting the phone calls about them they
were all the same feeling where like my
mom would call me it was always my mom
and I would pick up and it's not like I
had a feeling before answering it but as
soon as you like answer the phone you
could feel her on the other line and
then like every time it sucks I don't
wanna cry everybody be weird but like
you hear my mom would be crying and it
happened over and over and over in the
span of a couple of years I have a
tattoo from like my best friend growing
up she was basically my sister and lost
her in a car accident she was at a party
not drinking and came home wasn't
driving the person that was driving
wasn't drinking and it was just like
snowy Pennsylvania dark roads her side
hit a tree and we lost her
like even thinking about it you just
like how that feeling good yeah
yeah yeah that's got to be the worst one
all right let's see okay complete the
sentence I wish I had someone with whom
I could share this is it like I love tea
and I'm not a coffee person and I'm like
I didn't love coffee more but I love tea
no I love tea and I'm like even if you
don't like any stuff to be here and
drink what do I don't to share something
with traveling for sure there's a huge
part of me that wants to travel by
myself but I think you know falling in
love with somebody or whatever and then
traveling and having that experience I
think those experiences are probably
incomparable to anything else yeah what
is true love Wow
somebody that's like honest with you and
that's not gonna just tell you whatever
you want I'll never have a relationship
that's like you know passive in any way
and I'll never go in kind of thinking
that I want you to make me whole because
I think that's a mistake that a lot of
people make they go into it thinking
that like they mean when they want to
fill a void it's kind of like
friendships to like I know a lot of
people who weren't friends with the
person that they're with they just went
straight into dating which am I kind of
that happening I would want to get to
know the person as a friend or like best
friend and everyone's like friendzone no
but it's like if your partner is not
your best friend like what are you doing
you have to be able to go through all
these things with someone to like grow
and like love them for who they are
you know alternate is sharing something
you consider a positive characteristic
of your partner share a total of 3 items
your openness I mean I'm not gonna do
anything physical because I feel like
that's a cop-out and it's already you
know we already know but super open
which I admire the whole passion thing
is really important
also admire what's a good three I'm sure
really trying not to go physical but you
do have a nice smile I'll cut that I'll
tie back passed away yeah I'll take it
though I'm gonna steal yours
I appreciate your openness I think
that's so important you're like really
like humble and you could talk about
things that you wouldn't really want to
talk to with a stranger you know yeah
that's not me I don't know if that's a
good thing or a bad thing that's the way
you're really funny like that and that's
awesome because it's nice to meet some
other sense of humor
yeah okay last question you ready okay
would you go on a second date with your
partner oh yeah short and sweet I like
it I appreciate it
and we don't need a second date just
marriage all right yeah see this what
I'm saying riding the line between Blake
what's funny and like that was low mic
huh so I got and I should Brian undo
that hey guys Jason here thank you so
much for watching another episode of tea
for two we hope you enjoyed it
we've got a really exciting special
announcement if you are a jubilee fan
you love everything about Jubilee we
actually just set up a Facebook group
for all of our superfans in case you're
interested in learning more about what's
happening behind the scenes seeing
special things and just having a
community to talk to about these
episodes please please sign up in the
link below we're really excited to get
to know you as
and as always make sure you click to
subscribe watch more videos and we'll
see you next time
