he tried guilt-tripping me into having
sex by sending me photos of him fake
crying and implying that I owe him sex
for all that he does for me guilt
tripping for sex is like a really
threatening thing you know it's it's
your body it's your choice my name is
Jennifer I'm a mother I'm a pastor and
I'm an author my name is Daniel and I'm
a Muslim Syrian American spoken word
artists my name is in their breath corps
I'm in Punjabi sick woman I'm an
activist a writer and a sister my
girlfriends need for me to catalog her
life for Instagram constantly is slowly
draining my soul I enjoy taking pictures
just as much as anyone else but when I
have to take 400 plus photos yes you
read that number right it becomes
difficult to help cope I've thought of
taking caffeine ooh
adderall weed or just running into
oncoming traffic
someone has got this love-hate
relationship with social media I feel
you because it's it becomes such a
suffocating experience there's always
that question of like why am I taking
this photo or video exactly me this is
totally wrong assessment but a feeling
of like I want it to be perfect I want
it to look perfect I want it to you know
right and there's probably some deeper
stuff in there good that needs to be
healed and dealt with and my advice
would be put healthy boundaries and just
say here's the deal okay we're gonna
spend 15 minutes 20 minutes whatever set
your boundary of like getting you your
picture that you want but after that
we're not gonna we're gonna actually put
our phones away and just engage and
enjoy each other just like I need right
so you get what you need but I need to
get what I need maybe like he could be
the one to kind of address like what's
what is the cause behind this need for
those things increased photos my
boyfriend and I are both virgins he
recently started begging for sex and
when I wouldn't give in he tried
guilt-tripping me into having sex by
sending me photos of him fake crying and
implying that I owe him sex for
that he does for me he later apologized
for acting that way how do I proceed for
me if I was in that situation I'd be
like okay I really need you to honor
this boundary right honor this thing and
if you can't like I'm have to put a
little bit of distance because that
would make me a little bit concerned of
if he if he's not willing to honor this
area that's important to me it's gonna
be hard to trust in other areas as a
survivor of domestic violence I can
relate to a certain extent because
emotional manipulation is a big part
that often goes unseen and so she
mentions guilt tripping that is an
emotional abuse even though he
apologized I would suggest kind of maybe
checking patterns has this happened
before and in other areas like you said
it breaks trust and if that continues it
just escalates into something worse and
guilt tripping for sex is like a really
threatening thing you know it's it's
your body it's your choice I've realized
that you need to be absolutely
comfortable with the person you need to
make sure that they will respect you you
need to make sure that they know who you
are what your boundaries are absolutely
I think sometimes one side often over
romanticizes how committed they are to
that relationship and you think you're
ready but you have to dig deep and to
know what you're feeling and just
understanding that you're on the same
page what my husband I chose to do was
to not fully give ourselves until we
were fully committed to each other and
got married I'm grateful that we chose
that path because in their safety in
that knowing that you're giving yourself
to somebody who's going to like forever
be with you and be by your side my
fiancee is leaving me for another woman
whom he has had an emotional affair with
for a month I don't know how I can ever
trust a man again or even find someone
with the same priorities as me I'm so
devastated and don't know what to do
with myself that's really hard that's
heavy
you like process that
when we're in pain and grief we don't
always think clearly or make good
decisions you know so being mindful of
that don't make any rash decisions in
that time in that place um there are
good people out there I was in my early
20s when this actually happened and you
know like all paint all breakups this
one was very very painful and my
personality very much is you know if
something huge happens to me something
devastating happens I will collapse and
so don't put yourself through that talk
about it write about it if that's what
helps you just let it out of your system
like my friends have said I know it's
hard I've been through as well I've been
through a divorce and there are days
where I'm like I don't know if I want to
trust but then I'll meet people and I'm
like no I I can trust and I build it
gradually yeah time gives you
experiences that rebuilds you to where
you need to be later on and that's how
it heals you so yeah my body has changed
for the worse after a major accident and
I can't bring myself to be intimate with
my boyfriend because I'm scared he'll be
repulsed by how I look is it better to
break off the relationship since I can't
give him what he wants I do want to say
you're a rock star for surviving this
you know I can't even imagine what
you've been through but just remember
that you know you have not changed I'm
sure your partner still thinks that way
yeah yeah and probably all of us have
had at some point in our life like
really painful things that have happened
that have made us who we are today
exactly even though it's been a a point
of great pain in her life learning to
see it as it's making me who I am today
it's made me stronger it's made me
better I think it's for a lot of women
it's like a lifetime journey that we
experience it's rollercoasters when I
was 11 I was diagnosed with OCD and
something called trichotillomania which
is like a compulsive behavior of hair
plucking and so ever since I was 10 11 I
had to wear eyeliner and eyebrow pencil
and I've literally never said this to
anyone so you're like
so I was a kid I just like registered
that like I'm ugly zero in acquired so I
have had to wear makeup my home life and
I'm almost felt like I can't make eye
contact with anyone it can't be seen and
um come I do a lot and they like manage
to control it it still happens every
once in a while but I always thought
that if I ever enter a relationship he
would find that really ugly and leave
and on top of that being a Muslim woman
that wears the head cover I'm facing a
lot of ironically it's not
discrimination from the outside world
but it's like my own Muslim communities
like you know a lot of men don't want a
woman that wears the head cover and so
I've had opportunities where I've been
rejected for choosing to practice my
faith by my own people and so I can
totally relate to that because it just
it's it's really unfair the pressures
that they put on a woman's expectations
if you're not even seeing who I am it's
just been this like ongoing journey of
no I love Who I am as a person but I
don't know if I love what I look like
this is such a good example of even our
own perceptions right because all I've
been doing is staring and how gorgeous
are the brain so from my perspective I'm
sitting here and I just think you're so
beautiful and yet you struggle with that
and all of us can relate to that right
and so thank you for sharing that is so
good my advice would be be honest if
this is your intimate partner who's
chosen you for you they should have
absolutely no problem being there and
supporting you and loving you regardless
of any physical or even emotional
changes that happen that's a
relationship right you know sometimes we
do forget that it's important to uplift
one another and we forget that you know
other folks have troubles too and it's
important to help them and advise them
we have way more in common
than we have in differences and these
are amazing women to sit with today and
just talk through real-life stuff that
so many of us women face I ended up
revealing a lot about myself that I'm
not usually comfortable sharing but it
felt like a safe space and it just
reminds me that we're all human so we
end up experiencing the same things at
the end of the day and so it's just a
unifying experience
what's up guys this is ian and this is
john we work at jubilee and we're always
making things to empower people to live
to their fullest potential trying to
make some meaningful things in the
internet world where there's a lot of
noise check out some of our other videos
right here and let us know what you
think in the comments below about this
video and also be sure to click
subscribe over here yeah
let's live greater together and onward
and upward all the time and we'll see
you guys around
