the
hey guys this is jason from jubilee
thank you so much for calling and leave
a message after the beep hey guys what's
up dude jubilee first of all this week's
been a brutal one haven't gotten much
sleep
Kevin called me yesterday and said it
wasn't working out I just don't know
where I'm going with life
I'm feeling pretty lonely some of your
videos on relationships really remind me
of my own spittle I think yo-yo can't
date a non to personal curiosity
midnight after a rough day I always turn
on Jubilee as I eat dinner sometimes
it's the only thing that gets me through
the day and despite the struggle there
are other people out there like me like
I was watching the middle ground
yesterday and it taught me the
importance of opening up to other
perspectives as an immigrant as a father
as an only child as a woman as a dreamer
when I watch your videos they make me
feel that I can take out the world I've
learned that doing good is contagious
Beschloss may have true love in the love
lemons video really heavy deeply I think
it's a human centric thing that attracts
you captured our voices
guys you know 2008 study kita
you reminding people that love runs deep
encourage me to be a better friend and a
better partner a better father they
reminded me to take a step back and take
a breather from all the stress that can
affect my relationships that even though
life can be tough and the days are long
we can still connect with people we can
still fall in love if ever there comes a
day when you feel tired or burnt out
know that there's at least one person
out there who is living their life
differently because of you thank you
again for making such a great impact in
the world and all my life thanks for
creating Jubilee
you
