it has been very easy to talk to you and
you seem like a person who I would have
a good like day off with
a viral New York Times article featured
36 questions that could supposedly make
any two people fall in love we wanted to
see what would happen if we ask these
questions to two complete strangers on a
blind date my name is Audrey
I'm originally from st. Louis Missouri
and I am so single um we're in this app
age so you know I'll go on dates all the
time I don't know but a real
relationship has been a while my name is
Kelly Anne I am from Atlanta my
relationship status is whatever I want
so I guess I'm single I feel great I had
a great breakfast it's beautiful outside
and I'm ready for a blind date let's do
this I'm about to go on the weirdest
date I have ever been on
welcome to the weird date hello thanks
to me very nice I already said that so
I'll say it again okay let's see okay
oh it's chamomile so are we gonna do a
lot of questions I've already forgot
let's do it if you are going to become a
close friend with your partner please
share what would be important for him or
her to know okay this is one that I'm
gonna say and everybody's gonna hear it
and I'm okay with that
okay I think everybody who is my good
friend knows and accepts that I'm very
gassy okay hey that happens everybody
eats everybody farts it happens the
human thing I do a lot of them um I lose
things constantly and I don't have a
wallet and I misplace my keys my debit
card and my license all the time yeah I
have them all here today
Wow yeah it's the action what do you
value most in a friendship giggles yeah
yeah I just want to giggle yes it
doesn't have to be more complicated than
that if you can make me laugh what's
laughs yeah I want to like almost pee my
pants when I got people from laughter
yeah not from incontinence okay what do
you value this um just someone who's
chill with being themselves with you is
so nice honesty and giggles yeah yeah is
it
you ingredient hey that's all I need
how do you feel about your relationship
with your mother I love her yeah good
she is awesome she's so kind and I wish
she looked closer yeah I know that
feeling
yeah okay I have two moms yes my older
mom um be she is the kind of person that
everybody loves me automatically she's
like gregarious and like bright and then
my mom my younger one is my birth mom
and what is her name
if she's if she's mom there's mom and
mommy MV yeah she is like a genius yeah
he's really good at fixing things
herself and she's the kind of person who
makes a lot of sacrifices for other
people you know how did they make them
on a blind date
incredible name three things you and
your partner appear to have in common
okay let's look at the the striped shirt
you got abstracted a plateau outfit is
checked off we are in arts in genu we
both would love to relax with coffee and
madness that's a great very solid yeah
yeah yeah all right next one then Oh
Lord
what what is true love okay okay my
current understanding of what true love
might be is just finding someone you can
be your full self with all the goods and
the bads I totally agree it's like
having an extension of yourself you have
to live with all of the good and bad
than you right and when you can like
fully accept that in somebody else and
like be supported by them and support
them through anything that's true love
all right share a personal problem and
ask your partner's advice on how she
might handle it okay okay personal
problem I've got a few guests my biggest
issue right now it's sort of finding the
balance between working a super
demanding job also finding time to
simultaneously pursue my own creative
project so finding that balance is my
problem right now that's a very hard one
yeah and I'm supposed to give you advice
right I guess I don't know what maybe I
think you're doing a very normal
struggle keep struggling like that okay
it's only gonna make you stronger
okay your personal small problem you can
add the same problem and I can relate
the same information like it's in the
exact same vein okay but my personal
problem is that I'm worried that I don't
have quite enough direction in what I'm
doing and I'm worried that I'm
floundering sometimes it like crosses my
mind that like maybe I'm not working
toward any goal right now I think that's
so common for people pursuing creative
paths and any sort yes but in terms of
not having enough direction I'm sure
that you do but I think just like
finding the thing that you want to say
to the world that only you could say and
sharing that through your work myself
but you of course have things that are
important to you and sort of putting
those out proudly in whatever artistic
shape that takes and standing by it and
I know you can do that yeah thanks it's
all I want to see your work your
performances well I
in exchange yes we will we can make this
continue yes like all right this might
be the final question
Oh would you go on a second date with
your partner yes yes good good like we
said we already repose conclusion we'll
make this the thing I want a high five
you again but it's like we can do it
let's do it okay yes - good high fives
today we look at elbow I I was looking
for elbow that's the trick good day
that's a wrap folks we did it okay hey
guys it's Taylor and I'm Julia thank you
for watching another episode of tea for
two let us know what your favorite
question or answer was and for more
videos you can click here and also
subscribe to our Channel
see you guys later
