I have not had a conversation like this
with a random person and a long time a
viral New York Times article featured 36
questions that could supposedly make any
two people fall in love we wanted to see
what would happen if we ask these
questions to two complete strangers on a
blind date my name my full name is Joe
Kiera but I only go by Kiera I am single
I'm excited I mean you need to go really
good or really bad so my name is Russell
and I am single super single actually
still nervous I think like all this on
all that anticipation leading up to it
is like making it worse
how you doing I'm Russell I'm Kira nice
to meet you meet you too I guess we're
on having teeth yeah these are cute
I know right I like this I know it's
very thin shall we cheers why not first
blind date yeah mm-hmm that's good we
doing this okay
what's gonna ask when did you last sing
to yourself and to someone else the last
time I thought to myself was last night
because I'm always in my room dancing
and singing um to someone else probably
this morning what about you um I sing to
myself this morning for sure getting
ready okay that's probably a daily
occurrence okay yeah it's either singing
or rapping involved do you have a secret
hunch about how you will die oh that's
creepy um no but interesting fact when I
was like 19 I just had like this belief
that I was gonna die young really I was
having deja vu so often do you believe
in déjà is an off topic
there's no topics right they Joe who is
so weird because they're like really
random times I'm like I've done this
before you know how like Mario Cart
yeah the checkpoints I'm going to take
place yeah
oh here we go if you could change
anything about the way you were raised
what would it be oh I probably would
have liked to have been heard a little
bit more you know my mom passed when I
was young when I was like seven and I
was raised by a single dad he was just
always so busy yeah he's a doctor he's a
pediatrician like and yeah I don't want
to come off like I'm no don't like this
is your experience yeah but I just don't
want to sound like I'm ungrateful or
anything like that my dad's I wish I
didn't know the details of my mom and my
dad's relationship and the details of
the dysfunction because now I carry that
as a woman but you recognize it now I
can like break the cycle but it's still
like yeah growing up sucks - all right
so you're like oh I'm really up
but then it's like oh wait everyone's
really up complete this sentence
I wish I had someone with whom I could
share data I wish I had someone with
whom I could share my love for food oh
my gosh is that it are you serious
I love to eat okay it's over we're good
all right I wish I had someone to share
I'm gonna say my love for dancing in the
mirror mm-hmm to Beyonce like I have
friends who like love Beyonce like me
but it's just not the same like I need
my girl like she's not here so I feel ya
okay take one minute and tell your
partner your life story it's much detail
as possible
oh my gosh oh I'm trying to think of
good stuff and bad stuff but I wanna but
it's your story I know so I was born my
New York when I was about six years old
I witnessed my dad become physically
violent towards my mom maybe about a few
months after we ended up moving and that
was the start of moving all the time I
went to Buffalo State College in my last
year I was like you know I've outgrown
this place I don't feel like it's giving
me anything I was actually like
depressed that just wasn't happy and
then I decided to move to California and
I moved here by myself with very little
money but I have a lot of faith and I
believe that if you really want
something it's because you're supposed
to have it so I just just did it and now
I'm here I have so much respect wow
thank you
yeah yeah thank you definitely that's
inspiring so I lived in the same house
my entire life let me tell College
always wanted that I did everything my
older brother did he started rapping so
I was like I'm gonna start rapping since
he annoyed by I was like dude I got into
acting on my own I brought it up to my
dad's I think I'm gonna major in acting
he's like you sure and I was like okay
so I had like this identity crisis with
like career and passions and stuff like
that my family's like super mix too so I
had like that identity crisis today
we're black white and Japanese oh wow my
dad is all three
yeah and my mom was black and white
that's so interesting well which part
all of it like that's so many different
like cultures yeah I just turned 30
what yeah I think that might be the
Asian part of you I'll take it whatever
it is black don't crack Oh amazing skin
well so I see people nodding that's true
anyways I just turned 30 so that was
like a really big I was like are you
what are you doing right are you really
gonna gonna do what you say you've been
trying to do are you just gonna keep on
doing this stuff so here we are okay
yeah now it's like acting filmmaking
shift in the culture did you put your
age out there I'll put mines
I'm 24 that I saw Adam let the record
show I did not ask alternate sharing
something you consider a positive
characteristic of your partner you
seemed very honest oh just in the way
you like show up in the world I don't
even know how to respond to that one I'm
just gonna take that one in that's real
you're extremely brave thank you for
moving out here like you did that's I
just grew up like an hour away from that
way yeah
you know like the stakes are just so low
for me to like come out here but for you
is like really a big deal so well thank
you I feel like you're very confident to
not in just like like I'm confident in
myself but like I don't know that true
um I feel like it's becoming true
obviously you like to have a good time
like the whole thing less so actually
don't go out that often though it's not
even about like you just enjoy your time
I started yield stuff okay gasping oh
this is good okay would you go on a
second date with your partner I would
totally go on a second date with you
yeah I have not had a conversation like
this with a Ryan a person in a long time
I'm flattered yes yes yes we gotta go
eat somewhere
we did it we do about like good food you
didn't answer question would you go in a
second I said yes
yeah because oh you're right you're
right
can't we wait he's like guys never ever
bring her around me right no I was like
yes and we have to go guess yeah that's
why I was saying yesterday okay as a
tradition we should always order tea hmm
I can dig that
I think chamomile - feels like it's just
after 6:00 p.m. it's not our yeah that's
right cool give you a hike oh if I can
these all needs to get up there
hey guys this is jason from jubilee we
hope you enjoyed that blind date
I know I did I feel like there's a
chance at this one do you feel it it
might be something as always please make
sure you click here to watch more videos
click here to subscribe and we will see
you next time
