Jeremy why do you tell us about your
biggest feeling one of my greatest
failures I've ever had in my entire life
is when I was younger a junior in high
school I was Co MVP of the league
calamity of my team and we were the best
team in the area I remember getting a
big head just wasn't that coachable you
know occasionally I would get kicked out
of practice or he would make me sit out
of drills it's really a stretch of time
where I was constantly idolizing my
career just with my attitude I just felt
like nobody could really tell me
anything the night before our
championship game I went to the YMCA of
shree round both sides of the court were
filled because they had some pickup
basketball so the guys like that you can
shoot around in front sure ground you
can jump in the game with us so I was
like all right and I was playing and I
went up for a layup and a guy just comes
out of nowhere and kind of tackled me
and the breaking my ankle and so I ended
up missing a championship I missed the
rest of the playoffs after without
sexual Championships and then there was
the state championships
I miss all of that and I had to watch my
team play you know I told myself like
from that point on I'll never take the
game for granted I will never not work
hard that I would never be the arrogant
player that nobody could approach or
coach so that was a big turning point in
my life because it really made me go
from hey I think I made it or I'm just
gonna coast to really finding new levels
and new depths of mental toughness and
drive I really started to take that
principle and apply to everything
whether a school or her basketball or
anything now I just have a much better
balance of perspective in life and
that's why today I enjoy I really
enjoyed my life I really enjoy my career
