hey guys what's up my name is Peter
Sudar so my name is Yoshi Siddhartha and
today we're gonna be playing some candid
confession hey Yoshi hi nice to meet you
oh this is not the dating 100 honey
don't see stuff like that man we already
have something going on what is your
relationship to each other we're
brothers
yes and I'm the better one I'm the
better one I've known him all his life
he hasn't known me all my life though
I've known him all my life so
technically you haven't known me all
your life
oh-ho I mean you're sure pretty open
book we know each other very well or so
we think or so we think
so now I'm kind of scared say night
we're gonna Rosie where things gonna go
never have I ever hit on one of your
female friends three two one no no every
time I tell about like hey I like this
girl wait no you know that's true that's
true
your first girlfriend was a girl that I
told cute you thought she was cute I
didn't know you were going for her never
have I ever blamed something I did on
you 1 ready 3 2 and of course we do this
all the time I feel like our dynamic is
butters is almost as twins like you do
something bad you blame it on me I do
something bad I blame it on you and then
eventually we realize we should just
keep it to ourselves you know another
one of us gets in trouble you know well
I made us a lot closer as friends yeah
and it's not like that's happened in the
recent years no that's TMI love you know
like okay as a child as a child like
maybe like three or four I remember
peeing on the floor
on accident like I couldn't hold it and
I was so scared of getting in trouble
and I blame that on you or she because
obviously as a child you don't think
about that stuff you're just like oh my
pants are wet but he's right there so
that could be remember what I've done
you blame farts on me oh yeah totally
yeah that's my gosh yes kids are easy
never have I ever cried in front of you
Oh all the time
we're huge emotional crybabies yeah both
of us cheaters everywhere I mean
watching movies watching movies yeah up
you are like in very sensitive dudes
like we have we talk about our feelings
a lot so a lot of times we'll argue and
get to a point of even tears sometimes
yeah it will argue in a government that
you know we hug yeah great never have I
ever been jealous because of a girl
you've been with okay three two one yeah
I think I should with somebody it's like
awful off limits I can't even look at
that person it's weird like even I know
that's also why I like the girls in the
friends thing I mean obviously I didn't
matter to you so you know I you know I
actually had no idea right I thought I
didn't realize it once I was older and I
was like hey I was just cuddling
harmless like you guys it would have
been so perfect
oh my gosh yes holy crap thank you for
saving me from that yes or no sometimes
I question sometimes I question if what
I am doing has any meaning or value okay
uh yeah three two one
definitely can I do that because
partially no absolutely like okay even
if you thought about it a little bit but
if you don't question it then how do you
know if what you're doing is the right
thing right yeah I agree
think if you're if you're questioning it
and you're still doing is why you went
no the response the same time because I
first I was like yes sometimes I think
about that but then I always come to the
conclusion of like of course yeah
there's there's meaning for it that's
why I do it because at the end of the
day you got to realize that like what
you're doing can make a difference yeah
and as long as it makes a difference in
one person's life dude
yeah done and if you're not looking at
it in that way why are you doing it fame
money right never have I ever felt
jealous of your accomplishments
alright okay three two one
I mean let's be honest like when you
first got Power Rangers and I auditioned
hard for it like with data charts you
knew how hard I was working for that so
I told you that though that's I think
that's the main thing with us like both
of us have spoken to each other like if
I'm feeling jealous about it I'll let
you know
you've known when I've been jealous
enough stuff to like social media social
media yeah yours was definitely way more
at the top and at the beginning I was
very like dude I am nothing right now
I'm nobody I'm so used to everybody
growing up oh you're yo she's a little
brother and then it became I'm Peters
brother and I was like what is going on
and I was like I can't I can't ask him
for help because I want to just do my
own social media but then when I was
like you know I was like I'm just gonna
ask I'm like hey man like what do I do
with this whole thing and you were like
here put this try this on with this and
I'm like I think that's cool I would
never think to put those two things
together and now my social media is good
and it's because of me asking for you
help before I was like no he's not gonna
help me he wants this for him I put it
in my head that he wants to be the guy
who's like oh oh you're Peters brother I
put that on him I do he never call him
Peters brother that's that's what we do
now you know
oh you mean versus the world right it's
upside down of course it is never have I
ever told you why I love you okay
three two one
I don't read it I think maybe of
anything is it would be more read for me
I don't know I don't think we have ever
really talked about that we just kind of
like knew cuz I mean it's all this stuff
that we talked about all of this you
know we're always supporting each other
we're trying to pull each other even
when it gets down bad yeah it's like
you're mad at me because you love me and
can see me do better
you're an amazing big brother I know
ya know you really are you really are I
I can't I am so blessed it sounds like
the most basic compliment I can't set
any other way you're one of the most
genuine dudes I've ever met I am not
that good of a dude to you I feel like I
screwed up with you a lot and yeah you
still look up to me and that's a big
reason why I love you you have been the
one that pushed me to become the way
that I am it's funny I mean I got that
from you I think you did I didn't do
that and you say all this stuff about me
and my action whatever but me getting
coda was you seeing something in that
character that I could do I don't fly so
sure though you did you just put an
image in my head and that was it it
wasn't like I'll be a director maybe
that's what I believe you can and and
and I'm ready to be by your side when
the house thanks for being a good friend
we're checking on the students mommy
y'all go get it oh hi Jubilee fam I'm
Ian I'm Taylor haha thanks so much for
watching guys we always appreciate it so
much
would you please leave with a nice
comment below telling us your favorite
parts subscribe up here
and join our family because we are on a
mission to inspire some changemakers
