I don't look back on the tragedies that
I have went through in my life
jail drugs liquor I don't put those
labels on myself anymore because I found
that I have more than I've been respect
for myself to carry me through anything
yeah I've been in prison most of my life
half my life my life has just been
dysfunctional the last thirty years I've
spent downtown Los Angeles on Skid Row I
was one that was homeless a one time and
when we feel that way we give up on life
and when we give up on life it destroys
our spirit but I did not go you know you
can go left you go to the right I went
to the right I didn't I didn't want to
spend my whole life in there so they're
gonna be struggles in life I mean that's
life and that's how life is presented to
every individual that's on earth because
nothing turns up in your mind how you
think they supposed to be you open your
eyes open your heart look at it things
exactly the way they are just listen to
your heart and head as long as your
heart and head or together then I do
your whole try to find somebody that you
can talk to about anything don't be shy
just ask for help and I try to be a
happy person I'm a giving person and I
get back in return
oh no I got out they told me I was gonna
get out after 18 years and I got on my
hands and knees I asked God please let
me have a better life than a head before
I came in
you know he gave it to me I don't care
how much street life you have it's
nothing the real game is education and
that's what I want you have to grow up
in your mind you have to know and
understand what you've been taught don't
be a follower be a listener and a
learner go to school get your education
I did not do that I ended up doing drugs
you learn and you move on and you you
use those type of experiences as
strength in your struggle in and doing
more positive things in life and not
making those same mistakes again
I really admire the kids yesterday and I
some telling all over the country
marching keep it up don't stop that
special prayer that I have for the speed
of the world
I just live day by day time to take
action
give up your apathy get involved
don't let anybody tell you what you
can't achieve you can achieve anything
you want if you want it bad enough never
surround yourself with negativity shy
away from negativity at all cost because
that is the very root they'll continue
to have you down don't don't look down
always always look up
