we're at a cafe in Koreatown
Brandon what have we been talking about
right now we've been talking about the
frustration of viral videos viral and
valuable and this overlap right here how
do you get how do you get like we're
trying to find that and get weird
our content is like it could be so much
more valuable to you guys watch great
videos stop watching your crap you guys
you know I mean you know making a living
from filmmaking you have to understand
the insane struggle of balancing
business and art how do you create
something meaningful that hits the
numbers brings in money and is artful
some ideas are more about the numbers
others more about the art but half a
year ago
we thought of an idea together that felt
like it was the perfect balance the idea
was what if you got people with
completely opposite belief systems
together in a single room to share an
authentic meaningful space we would name
this series middle ground
the idea was entertaining but meaningful
marketable but artful mainstream but
challenging we thought we had a winner
on our hands the last last one was just
like until we got to the editing stage
Taylor yeah what have you been going
through well you see there's this edit
that has proven
difficult because we could go a
bazillion different ways it's not all
fun and games what we do every day
there's a different level of commitment
that comes into play when building a
company with everybody pulling their
weight but nobody has more pressure than
Jason our founder and CEO who's
responsible for the cash flow to make
this whole thing work around $50,000 to
grow Jubilee which sounds like a lot and
it is a lot
izes Josh hi Josh this is Jason from
Jubilee how are you
what we're trying to do is expensive it
takes time it takes money and honestly
at first this idea of like raising
capital and finding investors is really
really scary and really difficult but I
think over time I've realized that you
know what we're trying to do something
really important yeah but at the end of
the day we want to just tell stories
that speak to human connection I believe
that this is something that the world
needs and wants right now especially now
more than ever when the world is divided
and people are discouraged yet we're
asking deep questions about purpose and
passion and how do I give back we want
to be that media company that represents
all of that we have huge vision and
we're first to get there we need some
incredible people to support us
financially we've got a potential
investor his name is Perry to talk about
weather here in the messenger billy 90%
of startups die in the first couple
years so to ask people to give us money
while we're still a super young startup
is a really ballsy and petrifying thing
to do without anything to prove
ourselves how do you convince investors
you'll be the next Google the next
Disney Netflix or Amazon
and if nobody comes on board what
happens yeah you can send them our place
we would all lose our jobs and there'd
be no more Jubilee you look tell me a
little bit more about Google a bit yeah
so Jubilee we are we want to be the
definitive media company for Millennials
that is positive and aspirational I feel
like more now than ever like the world
is very divided and we need stories to
bring us together at this point for me
it's not a question of whether we'll
succeed or not it's a matter of do we
want to be a 30 million dollar company I
got 300 million dollar company or like a
three billion dollar company okay all
right that's very audacious mostly know
that leads up to I guess when you're
going through that kind of thought
process what makes you even say you know
what I'm happy with being a smaller
version of myself you know that's a good
question
you know I don't I don't think I
appreciate our like when founders or
investors or whoever will just like blow
smoke up you know people do buy it and
say like we're gonna be that seven
billion dollar company that being said I
really believe that there's gonna be a
major player in this space if we get the
couple that we need and we get the
advisors that we need which is Omni
right now we're gonna be that size
because someone will be that size a
minute why not us I also know how
difficult it's gonna be and how much
work that will take yeah cool cool
that's what push it thanks
what do you think yo that was very
interesting to witness was it this is
how do you think how do you think you
did this I don't think actually was my
a-game I think I was like thinking in
the back of my head like what should I
be saying like how should I articulate
things and then some people like I just
don't get it
you really feel like crap yeah like
you're making nothing I have a whole
list of investors and like you know the
list is like almost 50 people now and
then that means like at least 30 or 40
of them said now then they kind of
tangentially anyway getting investors on
board is one thing but obviously there
are other hurdles to like getting to
edit just to write for this new
webseries that we poured our hearts time
energy and a lot of money into that just
wasn't working you're having a hard time
like tying it together you mean and
creating that like full arc right of
course things become even more
complicated when everybody disagrees
about how to go forward so I feel like
you Mari just had a lot more notes on
this draft than he did on the previous
drafts and then at the end he said that
he preferred the last draft and he would
rather we gave Taylor probably the
opposite feedback trying to think so you
know we're getting a lot of feedback
getting a lot of feedback a lot of
different views on like opposing views
posing mutes sound film yes just like
the opposing views in this video
oh nice parallel oh oh I don't even
notice I was doing that oh I see
oh good morning another day
oh my let's get some magic yo dude you
gotta watch this is so much there's so
much butter yeah it's like loads better
oh great holy crap
nice great yeah I think it definitely
took a huge little forward
yeah right yeah just turn the way
bitching and stuff yeah way we did it
we're gonna do higher quality content
would have to bring up more people but
people are getting in we had Steve Chen
who's the founder of YouTube invest in
Jubilee media which is crazy if you
think about it
it's been crazy Ryan and I really
believe that this is just the beginning
yeah I don't know I feel really lucky
and really blessed like who else gets to
start a company with some of our closest
friends people that you love and also
get to do things and make content that
people are really touched and inspired
by feels like a dream that's kind of the
gist of what's going on in my life
yeah
you
