hey guys it's Jamie it's Sofia and we're
playing a game of candy confession
my name is Jamie I am a hair stylist and
I live here knowing I'm Sofia I'm 17 I'm
a student and I live in Long Beach never
have I ever farted while laughing it's
pretty embarrassing we were all just
like kind of talking about something and
then I just started like cracking up and
did it in front of my friends and it was
like the first time we hung out and
everyone just stopped never have I ever
wanted to be famous oh yeah yeah when I
was little I wanted to be Amanda Bynes
so bad so I would be like super famous I
would have my own show yeah I used to
actually want to be a singer I like was
obsessed with singing you know we'll see
yes or no women have it harder than men
it's like what just and everybody like
we're not paid the same we're not
respected the same will more likely be
like sexually assaulted can you guys
take three minutes each and tell each
other your life story in as much detail
as possible I was born and raised in
Frazer Park near Bakersfield California
Oh Alan so I grew up in a really small
like a conservative clothes off town and
then when I was 17 I graduated high
school moved out to LA to go to beauty
school and I've been out here ever since
I started developing a nina sorter when
I was like eleven twelve
so I struggled with it for almost like
eight years now because I've been in
recovery for two years I was sexually
assaulted when I was four by someone I
started to recall it more when I was
like two eleven twelve and that's my
image sorters started um and then I also
felt very disconnected like for my
parents at that time so I didn't have
anyone to talk to about it which making
sort of worse and then when I was 18 I
was raped and that's what caused my most
severe relapse I think one of the major
reasons that my eating disorder
developed was because I was like also
sexually assaulted and the person who
was like with me during the time of it
like told me that it was my fault so
that made it even worse and I didn't
have a good relationship with my parents
at that time and so it just became
really difficult to like cope with that
because I didn't really have anyone to
talk to because my only friends were
people who weren't really nice and then
at that point I developed severe severe
anorexia which developed into orthorexia
which developed into bulimia which to
knowledge back into interacts yet it's a
coping mechanism oh yeah for me it was
easier to focus on how I looked and not
eat and just shipped everything into
that then try and work through the fact
that I was abused and I was actually
assaulted again when I was 18 it's
definitely a cry for help like you just
want someone to see you and be like are
you okay and you know even if someone
were to ask me that in that timeframe
which people did you you'd never say the
truth yeah yeah right
I kind of realized I hit rock bottom
when of literal waitress came up to me
at a restaurant that I went to every
single day she came out to me and she
was just like you used to be so pretty
and now you just look like you're dying
and I was like oh lovely you know and I
just thought yeah I just went home and I
looked in the mirror and I didn't
recognize myself my rock bottom was like
it was my ena Shorter's like super bad
again when I was 18 I was so consumed by
it that I became super suicidal and I
was like I would rather die than have to
hear the war that's going on in my head
all the time
okay green things happen for me or red
things happen to me
now I would say all these things could
happen to me but it all depends on how I
let it affect me it's that I view these
things in a positive spin then I'm gonna
lead a much happier life if there's
something that I feel happens to me that
I'm not happy about now I know there are
steps I can take to work through it and
find a better situation a better way
yeah I've been here have really I think
two years now and it's still an everyday
thing it's still a very conscious
decision to eat but oh my god it is so
worth it and it's so different now one
of the biggest things I had to get over
in recovery is like I am NOT my anorexia
I am a person yeah like I'm a person and
I've built up this other person inside
of myself but that's not who I really am
I just feel so like confident now and
like secure and content with the person
I am and I'm so thankful for that
because I was not very nice when I have
misery I think it kind of makes you like
really mean just because you're hungry
all the time
I wouldn't yell at people oh I scream a
lot of girls I hear in the eating
disorder community or not even in the
eating disorder community are always
just like I wish I had had anorexia and
I wish I could get to a point like that
and I wish I had that determination and
I wouldn't wish this upon anyone else
like I know one what's the most
beautiful memory of your life it's kind
of sad at the same time but it was when
I first went into treatment for my
eating disorder
I might me and my parents like had a lot
difficulties kind of at first when I
first started seeking treatment for it
but when they showed up for me and when
I saw how dedicated and concerned they
were and like my mom started crying it
was a great memory because it was like
for the first time I felt super
validated and like I felt super close to
my parents I feel like that was like one
of the best memories for me it was the
second time I had decided to get help
and go into recovery and I you know took
my parents to the beach and I kind of
sat them down was just like I'm not
taking my recovery seriously and I would
really like to get help and I want to
seriously figure this out it was so just
amazing the way my parents reacted and
we're just like we're gonna be here for
you
we're gonna do whatever it takes and I
just have the best support system than
that they've always been there for me
and yes or no I'm happy I met you yeah
you definitely have inspired me to
continue on this journey in this path of
recovery so thank you and so happy I met
ya but - I mean I was very nervous
coming into this I'm glad I feel like
I'm so glad that I met you and I think
it's so important that we did meet and
just sit down and just connect and talk
because I feel like that's such an
important part of recovery it's like
finding those people that you can talk
to and confide in and just feel a sense
of like community what's up Jubilee fam
thank you guys so much for watching that
video we're always trying to do some
good things and bring good people
together and create a space of
solidarity if you are going through some
kind of struggle right now or feel like
you're in a dark place listen even
though we don't know you we are rooting
for you you deserve to be healthy and
happy which is who we really are
you deserve help and speak out and get
some support from the people around you
okay
we have more videos up here and we also
have a subscribe button here join us on
our journey to do some good work for the
world we'll see you around
alright
