it's a little bit over one we try to get
it summarized in a little bit but what I
can think of is just just self-sacrifice
basically
one thing Afghanistan taught me is
things can change in a second a hot
second your life can be going perfectly
fine and you can be happy and you think
that nothing's gonna happen to you
and then it does I remember it very
vividly when I got hit with an EFP which
is an explosively formed penetrator
which is a particularly nasty type of ie
D improvised explosive device I have to
explain all the acronyms I'm sorry and
it was that just surely February 7th was
there just our anniversary fora and
morphine woman 2 we did not see the IAD
coming it was disguised in a pile of
trash that blew us up it was morphine 1
2 which was a helicopter crew that we
went down they were a few days from
getting away some I just arrived there I
knew his was 7 crew members they went
down we lost 7 of them and that was one
of the main events that put me into the
Wounded Warrior battalion that was on
cam penalty site this second appointment
was a little more rough for me my wife
was pregnant I missed the birth of my
daughter
all my brothers are dying over there in
Afghanistan Iraq Syria I got really
depressed for a while nobody gives a
 about him nobody puts it on TV and
I still deal with that every day
and once you're in the real world back
on the block it's just uh your is you
this is you and uh you're out there
trying to figure it out and then I came
home to pretty much having my entire
life changed I came out here to
California pretty directionless didn't
know what to do it was really hard but
I've had I've had some some time to kind
of think back on it when I was got out
like was either dwell on that and let it
just go and just be nothing or I can
just continue going on I'm sitting and
smelling the roses like they say
whatever that means that I'm sitting
there and I'm I'm just making sure that
I appreciate people that around me
appreciate everything that's going on
I hope my life gets better I hope I am
finally able to stop being sad and find
something to live for a lot of the guys
use we suffer and we wonder why we do
how do we get that mind to calm down
some people tell me I care too much I
just feel like I care enough
being in the Marines were all together
and there's this tight-knit bond that
you you just don't expect to have we all
didn't always get along we all didn't
have the same background we didn't all
have same perspectives but if any one of
those people call me right now and they
said they need it whatever I'm there
I've never experienced that type of bond
but what I have realized is that no
matter what you go through there there's
always somebody there always what helps
us in the long run is working together
because countries and people bring so
many different things to the table us as
humans are capable of so much being
someone and making a difference in
someone else's life is really living but
how will we ever do it if we don't
actually step up to that plate
well it seems like it's getting pretty
crazy these days seems like we might be
beating our chests into another road or
there's a lot of people that are divided
right now and and yeah I just think that
you know perspective is something that
we all need right now the things that we
can achieve as human beings is
remarkable but we have to do it together
we just have to do it
you
