so what we're gonna do we're gonna pair
you with an artist artists that you
never vet never seen before but an
artist that typically people would
associate with your video and and y'all
are gonna make some together exes
excited and ready to do something really
cool
Oh how's it going
um these are nice to meet you okay are
you a musician I am I was completely
surprised when Dee sharp walks it and I
definitely automatically assumed that it
was gonna be me with a dancer yeah and I
do a lot of like electronic music yeah
just like pop and things that you
wouldn't normally expect to see with a
classical instrument okay well I
actually had no idea I kind of had a
feeling it wasn't gonna be a musician
but it pleasant surprise
okay so we need to make something
what makes you like one of you know I
was just like I can do that was it like
kind of one of those things no I was
like I say well study dance in a college
setting and I was like I want to do
something like really like raunchy and
out of the box and like I don't want
anyone to know about it and then I went
to class and my teacher she was like
doing all this beautiful stuff in the
air and I was she looks like a ballerina
as soon as my first day was over I was
like why is why are no dancers doing
pole because it looked down upon as like
a sexual erotic I mean that's why I took
class that was the appeal for me then
when I showed up and saw how beautiful
it was I was like this is exactly what I
do is just a different form that's so
interesting because I feel like I kind
of had a similar path like because you
know starting with classical music I was
kind of always that rebel kid to like I
was wanting to learn like the songs off
the radio yeah pretty much yeah like why
can't you do that morning if I think
like laying down and playing would be
cool like and then like maybe if you're
walking through this is hard
what if towards the beginning there's
like even a struggle between us maybe it
doesn't really work out really
beautifully at first yeah we both have a
similar
so just what it sounds like for today
like getting to play with d-sharp is
like I love classical elements and the
way he brings it into a more modern feel
this is like my jam like I love hearing
those ideas taken into like this new way
yeah yeah okay okay I think it's really
fascinating how we have so much in
common but even though we come from up
like completely different worlds our
battle has still been somewhat similar
by getting to where we are today I have
not met anybody that's so like me and so
different than me at the same time so I
feel like we get along perfectly because
we're very strong and what we like but
we also are very open to each other's
ideas though it was cool to collaborate
overall I think it's gonna be good but I
don't know we'll see I'm definitely
nervous but I'm excited and I'm happy
for those opportunities so I'm excited
do it yeah
thank you guys for watching between
worlds this is person in my favorite
series we can only make these because
you guys watch so do me a favor and
watch some more go ahead and click this
button to subscribe go ahead and click
that button to watch more videos I
appreciate y'all I love y'all and I'll
see you at the end of another video
