how you judge me and what you try and
keep me from doing is kind of futile
because at the end of the day I'm gonna
do what I want I do think there is a
wrong and a right I don't think my
beliefs are gonna change for a long time
my name is Alex Vander Hoek I live in
West Hollywood California I'm a writer
and performer I try to be as open as
possible I just happen to find most
liberal policies more convincing my name
is Micah Diaz I'm 25 years old
out of Riverside California my
production manager over at singing
automotive and I drifted my spare time
people are afraid to talk about their
opinion and where they stand I do stand
more toward the conservative side the
left with the gender-fluid and all these
like in my opinion these CooCoo things I
don't really understand I don't know it
doesn't make any sense to me I think all
these things are like racist and
offensive and all this stuff it seems
more of like a softer side of the aisle
the primary problem is fear we're afraid
of things we don't know it limits your
view of people and what you're willing
to accept from other people I think of
America as this country as my house
and so if you're gonna just come into my
house I don't know who you are I don't
know anything about you I don't know if
you're trying to come in and hurt me and
I'll just add i'm i'm mexican and puerto
rican so like i still want all do you
build a freakin wall like we need to
have our properties our property and i
mean and people don't like how he got it
but nations have been taking over
nations since the beginning of time it
is what it is
america should be a place where everyone
can succeed and i get that for a
conservative they are mostly focused on
their families succeeding and not
necessarily everyone else i do think
there is a wrong and a right you know
the sanctity of marriage I believe is
between a man and a woman or gay
marriage I just don't it's just not
right I don't think it's right if I was
pretty clear on it what you might see as
flaws or sins or you know whatever if
that's how you choose to interpret the
Bible know that that is your
interpretation of the Bible and that is
not necessarily how God intended you to
read the Bible just love that's what the
Bible says to do is just to love I
definitely believe that who you surround
yourself with will shape and form your
beliefs I was raised by a marine when my
dad was alive he was always into
politics and they didn't even care
now that he's passed away and to just
not care and like throw it in the trash
that just seems like dishonouring to me
and like disrespectful
I grew up in a largely republican place
my parents would question certain
beliefs that I'd have and they'd say oh
why did you believe that and so I always
had to defend my beliefs people just
write each other off and I'm guilty I
write people off all the time I got
anyone to talk to you that's something I
didn't have to work on when you get shut
off because someone believes a certain
thing it's like how are we ever gonna
get anywhere as long as we keep being
true to ourselves
and communicate our pain and our
struggles and our stories authentically
then we will achieve the progress that
we're we're sitting together
there's all these things I really want
to accomplish in life and these things I
want to do in life if not in any kind of
Hollywood or acting or stunt driving
then hopefully running my own company by
making my own income I hope to get a
house to buy a house I have to get
married having up to have children
I think love would be the key let other
people live the way they want and accept
people for who they are you need to be
able to talk to people is really the
biggest thing there's really not this
giant disconnect between different
people
you
