I was like a pretty chubby kid growing
up we wanted like a girlfriend and
you're like you know dreamed of all
these things that you could do together
a viral New York Times article featured
36 questions that could supposedly make
any two people fall in love we wanted to
see what would happen if we ask these
questions to two complete strangers on a
blind date my name is Joseph Drew's I am
a USC student who studies film and
television production he's all c100 mark
1 sir mark 2 nevermind I've been single
for a couple years now and hoping to
find somebody who shares my passions and
who I can do the things I love with
hi hey I'm Brier Joseph how's it goin
sweet you
you see I'm Brier I'm from Orange County
California and I'm currently going to
school to become a veterinarian I've
been single for about 10 months now and
I'm ready to start dating again should
we pick a flavor sure let's see what do
you prefer um I don't know I'll help you
out a little bit okay this is good one
for you is there something that you've
dreamed of doing for a long time and why
haven't you done it of the things that I
wanted to eventually in life the only
one that I would at all have like the
the slightest bit of possibility to do
now would be to just like kind of take
off I'd really like to just do like the
Walter Mitty thing and just like oh my
god that's my favorite movie yeah no no
I love that oh yeah that's literally
what I would like to do too yeah I
always told myself as soon as I graduate
high school I just want to go traveling
big up here but that's one thing I will
hold myself to do for sure when did you
last cry in front of another person or
by yourself
or both I am not too emotional I don't
cry a lot I think the last time I cried
was with my sister we were watching
and give us Titanic I know it's a funny
but the only time I will actually cry is
if I get like super moved in a movie
yeah it's funny cuz I'm like the exact
opposite where I I don't actually think
I've ever cried during a movie I've
gotten like teary-eyed and close and
I'll be like oh wow I'm not to cry
during a movie and then it just stops
and I'm like wow that's sad there was
like a period pretty much for all a
freshman year when I was just like very
bottled up and was going through a lot
of things just with like moving away
from home I would just be like in bed in
mirror minutes it being playing across
you know I just really exciting like
tears coming down my face oh yeah that
was a terrible year but you seem better
now so that's good Lester is doing a
good place yeah
ooh what is your most treasured memory I
think growing up we would always go out
to the desert and just spend like a
weekend out there like for Christmas
during the summer like any time and it
was just so fun like being out there cuz
if you go out there it's just like pure
silent like it's so beautiful I think
for me I think this was after like one
of my first dates with my my girl friend
from high school and it was like the
first serious relationship I had I the
only so far I guess but I was like a
pretty chubby kid growing up and so I
always like was like a little chubby a
weird nerd who wanted like a girlfriend
and you're like you know dreamed of all
these things that we could do together
but kind of thought that it would just
never happen after that like first day
it was like oh like I actually have that
and this is like becoming reality and
like I've gotten here I don't know as
much you just kind of feel like you have
a good perspective of what life is and
you kind of understand how nothing
matters except for your personal
experience of life because that's the
only thing that's real to you and at
that moment that experience was really
good
oh well okay I'm gonna laugh
I'd say he's really sweet he is very
intelligent which I find very attractive
honestly my mind went all over the place
at first then also I was thinking about
how pretty his eyes were and just kind
of focusing on that
Green
I wish a blue eyes
I'd say that she's definitely someone
who cares a lot about nature and kind of
has a spirit of adventure she looks at
her life is like the things that she has
in front of her as opposed to thanks
you've got behind you which is good
because I feel like I probably well in
the past too much
I feel like I just looked into your soul
it's kind of hard to overpower the
nervousness but I felt pretty
comfortable at the same time you made
really good eye contact and did it make
me feel awkward at all
I definitely would he seems like he'd be
really fun we share a lot of similar
interests with nature that was
definitely one of the more unique
experiences of my life yeah I've never
been on a blind date or anything for it
so uh yeah maybe yeah I mean I think I
think it'd be interesting just to talk
more I don't know I don't think there's
anything romantic there but maybe just
to talk about our similar perspectives
on some things like to her yeah I mean I
think hopefully it's not offensive I
mean yeah
so they asked if we go on a second date
I'm curious first what you said yes so
yeah I feel like totally honest like I
definitely be down to go like and talk
more I like didn't feel like a like a
romantic spark at all or anything but I
would definitely like I'd like to
continue the conversation definitely
hang out and do something fun like go to
the beach I feel like the difference
between friends and romantic interests
is really difficult to define and that's
something I've always tried to pinpoint
and never been able to I would say that
it was pretty nerve-racking of course I
was really nervous but it was overall a
really good experience and I'm really
happy it happened hey guys this is Jason
this is Ian I just might say thank you
so much for watching that video here at
Jubilee we just want to create amazing
content for you that's all about radical
empathy so let us know what you thought
in the comments below let us know what
if anything is too serious to be joked
about question number 32 that's a deep
one we love reading your comments to let
us know as always make sure you click to
subscribe watch more videos and we'll
see you guys next
