in 1997 a psychologist conducted an
experiment that could lead any two
people to fall in love using just 36
questions we took those 36 questions and
asked them to three complete strangers
just to see what happens
so refreshing
all right when did you last thing to
yourself I think all the time so I sing
to my girlfriend well my head it follows
the fish called a man she just nuts
romantic I wish I had that talent to
sing to my girlfriend
what is the greatest accomplishment of
your life I would say the greatest
accomplishment of my life is being able
to reach my dream of being a pro
wrestler around 8 years old you know I
discovered professional wrestling and I
was glued to the television my father
was abusive you know I didn't have a
father figure so the people that I
watched on TV were like my heroes and
right then I knew that one day I wanted
to be a professional wrestler that was
my dream I developed a fan base of a lot
of children that don't have like a
father figure being able to do that for
kids it's really important to me
about two doors I would say without them
but there would be no change in me I was
just wild and crazy when I was younger
um and so I was a bad kid honestly I'm
afraid of nothing you know talk to
security I'm like eight nine just like
what is wrong with you
and so that's a lack of love and so not
having father and the mom to really love
you but yeah just my daughter's when
they came to soften me I was combing the
hair and picking up clothes wing dresses
and for them they make him smile and
that was the greatest accomplishment I
respect you for that man yes I would say
for myself the greatest accomplishment
would definitely be as a trainer like
being with actually changed someone's
life in the Austin way growing up that
was like very skinny kid and I was
bullied a lot and so I was pretty I was
an angry person and so I just started
training my room and it became something
that I realized was much more positive
than breaking things with amazing man
good for you got you guys are very
genuine I'm really I really do admire
you for that thank you very much welcome
thank you what is your most terrible
memory
I can go first
I was playing tennis I hit a ball and it
hit one of the bullies I remember him
jumping behind me and strangling me
there were people around me and instead
of like standing out for me
everyone was just laughing ready killing
me while I was like being strangled and
choked on the ground it was just a time
where I really was just going through a
lot of mental battles that was the time
where I would contemplate oftentimes
like suicidal thoughts at times no and
so I would say that is like probably one
of the more terrible memories of my life
yeah one of my most terrible memories is
when I was 16 I was shoplifting because
all the kids at school were in like all
the fancy clothes like not a guy and
Tommy Hilfiger and I want to be cool but
we didn't have money so I would steal
clothes and I got caught I was only 16
years old I didn't know what to expect
and I was like crying and everything the
security guard called my grandparents
and they were really disappointed in me
and then they put me in juvenile hall
for a month that was the scariest
experience of my life
I realized that I needed to change my
life so I stopped stealing never stole
again so I think we have our terrible
memories for a reason to teach us and it
allows us to grow stronger they're just
hurdles that we have to jump over mine
is being safe like 12
years and I was just depressed seeing
everyone smile and happy and Here I am
taking four or five naps a day
yeah I survive using jobs and do you
never say why to me when you say why me
what you actually said it then why not
her or him we give that to her and
that's not fair so why not use what
roles do love and affection play in
there I love that word that changed
someone's life
I just learned to say I love you I told
my nephew did I love him and he cried
because his father told me they did some
studies when he spoke to snowflakes
and the one that they cursed at the
snowflake it's just terrible looking and
the one that they spoke love to it's
just so beautiful Newcombe you're gonna
never change that's what happens when
you speak life into people and you help
them looking for raises your vibrations
in your energy I totally agree with that
life is all about love it's okay for a
man to have affection and show affection
doesn't make him weak at all it's not
unmanly for a man to cry I've always
been an emotional person
so like the wrestler has to retire
someone that I really looked up to
watching the TV watching them make their
speech and like I've shed tears you know
to that like so it's things like that
you know we were given those tears for a
reason how do you feel about your
relationship with your mother
obviously like ASAP I didn't have one
but people say I talk like her she was a
humanitarian they said she spoke wise
and she was involved with the community
that's all she cared about so I just try
to hire my story with my mother is very
touching it's sad I'm proud of her in
some ways but I'm also disappointed in
other ways you know she was a single mom
and she was using drugs as we were
growing up she wasn't there very much
but I know she loved us but it just she
had outside influences from the men that
she was bringing in we were evicted out
of our house when I was 19 years old I
ended up taking care of my 12 year old
brother and then my mom ended up
homeless
my mom was homeless for ten years and
unfortunately it's hard to help people
that really don't want the help
you know she went to a rehab facility
and she got off drugs for a little bit
but then she relapsed and got back on
and it was very very frustrating and
there was a period of time where I
didn't communicate with her and right
now she's trying to get her life back in
order I love my mom I'm just praying and
I'm hoping that she can stay clean and I
just wanted to know that I do love her
just because my own family dynamic is
something I don't generally share with
the public
I know she loves me and you know we love
I love her too but it's very challenging
to communicate and and that is what I
was there for that complete this
sentence I wish I had someone with whom
I could share life I would say I'm
single right now so this is something
that I don't know if I'm like really
searching for it right now yet but I
think definitely in the future I would
like to be able to share life with
someone you'll get it I believe that
sometimes it comes to you when you least
expect it and that's what I learned the
universe I handle back there like with
mine King last year it was an exciting
noisy nervous yes just she just came
along she was Elise she was so yeah you
can't look for this man of the universe
wouldn't do the work it's like a mailman
you put a letter in the mailbox right
you don't know keep you don't go to that
mailbox every day or two and say hey did
you mail my letter off it's the postman
job now hmm mm-hmm
so do it
it's for you is gonna happen and that's
how relationships are - yeah I would say
someone who I can grow with
substantially in many aspects of life I
think the perfect woman that most people
would agree with would be someone that's
supportive is motivating you can grow
with and that you can learn from someone
with a great personality and a
determination and a drive and a woman
that is also independent as well and
that will support you and what you want
to do and that will always listen to you
and that somebody that you can confide
in yeah I believe that would make up a
perfect woman whatever comes to you and
it agrees that your spirit yes your twin
flame that's perfect because everybody's
not going to understand you guys can be
the panda helmets when you're riding
motorcycles you can that's perfection
that's perfect you guys a vibe yeah man
that's the great thing about you is you
can really put things into perspective
you definitely thank you tell the other
two what you like about them be very
honest this time saying things that you
might not say to someone you've just met
what I admire about you is how honest
you are you offer amazing perspectives
on everything
you seem very spiritual and comfortable
with who you are as a person and who
have you grown into and then for you
your life stories amazing what you've
been through and and how you overcame
the bullying and everything I really
admire that about you thank you very
much you're welcome as hurt people use
me
and you didn't take that route so that's
commendable your whole aura e5 is
peaceful you can't get peace without
chaos so all the chaos in your life is
giving you peace thank you that's
beautiful man thank you I would say one
thing I really admire about you right
now you're very insightful like what you
said earlier about why me that was kind
of like yeah David yeah I really admire
your vulnerability you being able to
share those challenging circumstances in
life and it's an honor to be here with
both of you you know both you guys at
Kings man you know for what you've been
through and and like I said you can lead
a war you can lead an army maybe you
don't think so that all the things that
you've been prepared for your whole life
prepared you for you can't become a
Shaolin master unless you go through the
training I don't expect it actually
and so by the end of the afternoon David
Curtis and Damon three men who had never
met before had drank about three liters
all tied together and became pretty
friendly
in the next episode an unlikely trio of
young folk shed some tears over tea also
check out some of our other work you
might enjoy it
until next time
