in April 2012 I was getting bored of
school so being a filmmaker and an
unusually good Whistler I decided to
combine the two interests and enter an
international whistling competition and
make a movie out of it I'm really doing
awesome
7:26 a.m. I just woke up then it's time
to go to North Carolina
this is a story you will hear nowhere
else
we are lost in austen and I arrived in
Lewisburg which we have been pronouncing
wrong until then population 3,500
downtown was smaller than two by two
blocks and it really is a very very nice
sound on that one of the things I've
been working a lot on is combining
vibrato like that with like tongue your
tongue waggle dorado and doing the both
and i finding that it gives me a lot
more like it's emotional expressive
range yeah I don't even know what the
judges are looking for for example
vibrato do they want a lot of vibrato do
they want a little after I registered
Austin and I were invited to a small
gathering of avid whistlers where we
socialized in whistle it's like it was
definitely the first time I ever talked
about advanced whistling techniques I
would say at least one out of every
three commercials and I hear on
television Brown actually has it
whistling choir it's not bronze Besser
oh it's better we had stumbled upon the
worlds of whistling niche and everyone
we met so far weren't new to the
convention there were whistlers here who
were extremely knowledgeable about
whistling and the whistling community
worldwide I don't think everybody should
be a Muslim I don't think everybody
should take on
exactly alive we are following a natural
art anyone who wants to do what we're
doing they could do the same thing and
they probably would enjoy and they might
like us
calico 39 years the next day Whistler's
from all around the world converge for
the 39th year I'm an artist I do many
type of creativity so here I am
whistling in Leesburg I've been looking
for this to meet whistlers acne for 34
years
good thing you can win do you think you
can win join me in singing or whistling
the national
hi everybody my name is Mitch Hyder I'm
going to be the master of ceremonies
truly an international event we are
starting off with a Whistler from France
I think it's really interesting lots of
different characters here I know it
might be other considered as a somewhat
quirky kind of hobby but I think it's
slowly maturing into a form that which a
lot more people can enjoy it and also
can even have a serious kind of
expression
seven hours away all my other friends
are in classes I was whistling onstage
in Louisburg North Carolina looking
forward to this part this time of the
year
because I get to meet everyone and we
like a big family you know without any
boundaries it's like one thing whistling
which is what that unites everyone I am
one of the judges that was think
competition this year on the former
national whistling champion 1990 and 91
I want his competition Lewisburg is just
a space in time it's it's just
small-town America it's you know it's a
wonderful visit I'm sure for you know
from the contingent from from Japan and
Korea this is this is a lot different
than going from to New York or
California do you think Japanese are the
best whistlers the best wishes I got to
be pretty close to the top so you have
some health problems so he wanted to
escape
his lung princie so he thought is a good
exercise for maintaining his help I used
to be a network engineer I quit my job
and ran off to the circus and I was so
for a living now ya know I do make a
living off whistling yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah it's it's possible it can be
done in toured North America Canada and
United States I was a teenager I was at
home by myself I thought I was whistling
the all four movements of Beethoven's
fifth symphony and I happen to turn and
look and my whole family is standing
beside behind me and they're like okay
you you've got something there oh yeah
here was a man who decided to dedicate
his life to the art of whistling a
professional Whistler one of a handful
that ever existed
yet I had to remind myself that not
everybody at the convention was like him
in fact I realized I was subconsciously
trying to generalize these people when
in reality the reasons for people
whistling were far and wide apart even
the styles of wisdom displayed were so
distinct from each other
some people would so seriously others
did it as a way to cope with health
issues still there were others though it
surprised us even more with their story
because I came from North Korea when I
was 15 years old I escaped to North
Korea and I missed my parents so I
whistled and I came to the United States
and leaving my wife and two children I
miss them then I whistle whistling the
harmed my sadness also purged sometimes
out of a deep pressure to connect
my title currently is female Grand
Champion and tomorrow who knows I
whistle because I have learned that it
is a great way for me to deal with my
anxiety I have an anxiety disorder and
when I'm really nervous I end up
whistling and it calms me down sometimes
I think I'm a total dork for doing it
really
I totally discount myself for that I
heard you doing a two tone whistling is
that is that the technical time um it's
called a double whistle
for the second time I got up on stage
and whistled in front of an audience of
about 7080
it was mostly competitors and their
friends and family maybe with the
occasional curious bystander
some people had travelled thousands of
miles to compete in Louisburg but Austin
and I soon realized that most weren't
here to really compete they weren't even
here to grandly celebrate whistling or
perform in front of flocks of people
they just simply like to whistle and get
together with others who elected to the
champion here we are at Remington grill
surrounded by fellow whistlers Stanley
technique is musicality stage presence
coming to Lewisburg with Austin I didn't
really know what to expect he named
champion first place him the guys
category is Pablo well he found was a
warm and welcoming group of whispers
that in the end we could only a minor
for the enthusiasm I couldn't help but
think that back at school in so many
places around the world most people were
voluntarily laboring through their
mediocre daily routines and weren't
doing what they really wanted to do or
what they were truly passionate about
yet here in the tiny town of Louisbourg
North Carolina was a small gathering
with whistlers who are bonding over
their common passion for what may seem
like a silly thing to many whistling
what do you like most about this whole
event or even time from our photo Amida
I know it every meet it's more than a
million bucks to be a warning against
the world right now is very right now
need us whistling too much blood too
much greed too much ego
Whistler's we can clean you know guys
thank you so much for watching this is
in six years later I made that six years
ago isn't that crazy but I'm so happy to
be able to share that with you go ahead
and subscribe right here if you're
interested in more short bones we also
have more videos for you here always
trying to make such beautiful things for
you guys you beautiful humans so thank
you very much and I'll see you guys
around
