you want to be in the vodka state you
pull a Sox I hate my job
previously oh my god fucking kidding me
are you getting it back dude it's
heading back to your car you guys link
to description I'm gonna leave Todd and
Curtis YouTube channel did you get Todd
and Trina a shout out for catching them
in your car yeah you can't use it what
do you mean you're fucking my ass no
take that off no she's not taking it off
I want to use me that's my butt I'm
protecting this girl at all cost
I'll shot both of these guys sit on my
line let me know exactly what you want
that way I can bring it to you Christmas
board I know Zane won't be alone because
his family hates Santa go ahead and ask
him the question all right
you'd rather get your suppose ask him
what do you want for christmas
what's up guys so the actual house from
drake and josh is for sale right now I'm
gonna blindfold Josh put him in the car
and I'm gonna drive through the house
without telling you get it on you're
stressing me out Josh put the blindfold
on Josh put the blindfold on have you
guys exit the car we're here I've never
been shot with a paintball gun to the
dick let's go ahead and tell Josh what's
up we're at the Drake and Josh how sorry
we catch with Megan yeah catch with
Megan here this is where I'm sure we
played some sort of trick on Walter
you've never been inside why I lived
here my entire it's not like the actual
house it was a show house as soon as I
realized who the fuck I'm dealing with I
was reading some things about this house
and apparently there's five bedrooms and
we had to share the fucking Attic
exactly thanks a lot mom and dad when
you guys moved off the college the news
channels really paying well that's real
great Josh come on we gotta go to the
movies we'll be late okay let's go to
the from here if I'm late again I'm
gonna get fired fired
Lusine wish you'd like to subscribe to
eat me at david dobrik guys leave the
description below I'm gonna leave
Trish's channel Jason's channel and
josh's channel so make sure you go
subscribe to all of them down there Josh
gets a shout out to ya Steve it
everything your
Tesla and I gave my body over to Trisha
Paytas and let her have her way with me
you let her do that anywhere yeah I know
it was fucking great
well pretty sure that secures your
Streamy for next year
