we're tryna answered this party put the
door lock so we're having a hard time
what should we do look David you know I
don't want to be that black guy yeah I
never wanted to be that black guy but I
think today I'm gonna have to be you
gonna jump over it the only rat I see
here is you model and no idea was you
you look so beautiful I love can
understand her even though she says two
English words in every sentence come on
new car not mine Josh yes it's Josh's
we're here coz it's very Dawn's baptism
disrespect one of the most important
days of your life I accept you
motherfuckers in my life you doing so
well without too busy seconds other
snakes oh is that real oh my god are you
fucking kidding me are you giving him
head back there are you fucking joking
Karina is this real fuck no are you guys
serious right in front of my salad
Karina come to bangbus no that thing's
fucking polka-dotted okey all crude Nick
now live on the scene reporting on what
happened in the test get closer to the
fire put your hand in there so you can
feel
fucking fine bloggers in the fucking car
and you're just gonna get your dick no
Todd you already came in the car don't
fart dude what dude its head in the back
of your car you can do that yes a lot so
it's real
that was really was actually a Jason
that was really hot not letting me use
any of it that was 100% real no no Todd
that's like do we get in my room is
there some special privileges when
you're doing it in my car that's like a
robber robbing somebody's house and
being like you can't call the cops a
babe listen maybe just like in the
bathroom at my friends anyway you think
it's fake you're all dumbass this is the
face we see after what just happened
yeah this is for Brandon that's all
expressing a me wish you liked it
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik guys
linked in description I'm going to leave
tide and current as YouTube channels and
all their social media is by far they're
both my favorite creators I love right
now he's you know Randy fucking right in
your living room
