oh no oh no no go down three two one
lies and I are going to pack Kota get
her a pet
look at this it's lamps plus a lot of
Asian and Indian families often like
take their kids to like Petco Petsmart
in the zoo history all these choices
great take the sad I would love is him
above mouth my mouth you versus the guy
she tells you not to worry about my blog
you'll be the thumbnail words to wipe
your memory and you weren't dating Scott
and you were to run into him at the
grocery store do you think you'd fall in
love with her this is the most
disgusting thing ever puke warning right
now Zayn turn around that's like a prank
from from Spencer Gifts it looks so real
it is real it's real it's not already
said it was fake oh it's good touch of
them you're watching I've never seen
anything like that the rest of this vlog
is gonna be dedicated to what kind of a
big idiot Jonah we're in the emergency
room right now Joanna try something
really stupid obviously didn't go well
we got into the hospital make him an
ultrasound the nurse goes it's a boy
these do not try this at home guys we're
here with another stupid idea this time
I promise you is joining us during was
it your idea I can't remember all this I
honestly don't remember it says that
like it'll hold up in a court of law
it was Jonah's idea that case you're
initiated and arrived this bike he's
gonna jump over that ramp and jump over
those boxes into the pool this looks
like the beginning of a really bad home
video how is it that you're the perfect
body bill for these stunts which you
know use the other helmet we should
probably put this on let me get this
your head comes off can you swim
no okay this is one small step for a man
one fucking stupid mistake for you you
looks like he's trying to make like a
dope video for seventh grade student
council boxes and the mission is
complete everybody ready the Box be the
next time no we have to why because we
brought the moment already this is
stupid I just want you to do one thing
for me when you're in air I want you to
say American I'm really nervous I'm
really nervous
like a subscribe tweet me at david
dobrik guys link the descriptions gonna
be Jonah's YouTube channel go check it
out these guys Jonah is the man thirty
thousand likes on this video and Jonah's
gonna do it again
Oh Oh blush
