Marine get in my car quit marine if you
get to my car in the next 20 seconds
I'll give you $1,000 20 out there this
guy walked up to me he goes hey man big
fan of your videos I actually suffer
from epilepsy and I would be totally
down to have a seizure on your blog
stream isn't we saw Tannen and we go go
hi how are you like that she goes how
high am I gonna go I mean you are high
right yeah hey Jason I have decided to
take you to to meeting with one of the
top pork production companies in America
they were like Dom will give you a
hundred grand we film the porno tomorrow
we're not shooting it today didn't wear
a bra today because you knew everyone
company babe what the fuck is going on
this is your first meeting with a porn
company you know that is it that owns
this company you too okay so any kids
give you shit for it are you ever like
dad I wish you had a normal job
you've been working here for 20 years so
you probably saw Tricia like 24 years
ago you watch more because that's videos
or my videos hello oh shit okay are you
doing oh yeah I'm David Steven nice to
meet you how long have you been in the
porn business this is Steven Hirsch aka
the porn king he is the founder of vivid
entertainment and has an estimated net
worth of over 100 million towers YouTube
Kim Kardashian's sex tape like you
distributed it yeah you need a big penis
to be a porn star No would you pay
Trisha up front for porn you know I
don't probably somewhere fifty thousand
dollars six is like see how do you feel
about 15
about Miranda
guys knew David Vaughn which is
available it's only available for two
weeks to go by it link to the
description
