Oh time come hold my camera I'll kick
your friends ass holy shit
not in front of my salad Jonah has a
brand new girl over which means I have
to try to get her on camera and
interview her you guys need me in here
you guys fuck officers a good question
phone spy can activate a second let me
come in for a second even alex is here
we're about to see a fat man get laid
we're gonna go live right now we're
gonna speak to the lucky or some would
say luckily what do you hope happens
next that you guys get out of here
oh okay getting out of here come on oh
wait Alex you've instead huh I can't
believe you're showering for your day
when your date is right there
that's okay so long story short a couple
months ago Gabi told me that you really
want a flying squirrel or a sugar glider
as a path so if you're looking for a
couple months I finally found Gabi her
very own sugar glider hi it'll be quick
we'll be quick my dad no who's that is
that my door I'm opening my eyes no no
man you can't shine you it's a flying
squirrel now his own company of
marsupial patient I'm not here for a
regular day of hanging out with you Gabi
you never are you ever been here in the
past three years
you're right never mind told you the
deal we're just chatting like we
normally do you play game like is it
fuzzy no is it slimy no like now I'm say
we can't play that cuter than scary I
don't know find out
it's a flying squirrel it's yours
nervous no it's not yes you're lying
sugar glider right and sure gliders are
from Australia do you like it job jump
do it jump one more time one of the
smartest girls that I know it's a lake
just the biggest woman that's told me
the glider gave me all that glider needs
attention every day or will become
depressed
Raven makes you like subscribe tweet me
at Dave dubbing anything off bad guys
it's not actually the huge penis I just
have a shirt in there and make it look
like a no seriously let me check there's
no sure in here I tricked you so what'd
you guys do what you guys have sex this
is awkward
