I'm just not down right now like to be
honest I'm tired I've had a long long
day maybe just save it for tomorrow I
why don't we take a short break from the
door jokes fucking pussy I'm trying
something new yes straight-up weird for
you to be wearing a diaper not a diaper
it's padded underwear that's your
attempt to fitting in with the kids and
the gravity Chyna these are the diapers
you need yeah I don't know wait what's
going on what's with the new way you
look like cookie from Ned's Declassified
why is everyone dressed like this why
are you dressing your friends are
becoming entreprenuer why is it that
every time I flower and cut it up into
those lines it's the craziest thing
our lines David's line hey you want some
we're doing
picnic I've always cared about you the
most remember when you got that surgery
and I was the first person to call you
yeah because you want to see if I was
dead to you than your clickbait yeah but
I called you
Landon got punched of him that Brandon
keeps going I want to go back in there
if we went back in there a little big up
Brandon there's the guy in Brandon would
be like let's do it tomorrow
Brandon would do if you went back choke
him out fight to the death
brandon has no reason to live if I ever
decide to leave America because I'm a
decorous epyon I can't come back into
the country so I need help how do I get
back into the country to do like tunnels
like chapo Chiqui how did you get into
America she goes like not okay did you
sneak in really cheeky you didn't know
but I've been working with immigration
they promised me to let me stay if I
turn you in I'm probably gonna get
deported suing and I want to let you
guys know it's been a wild ride if I
have to take you guys to court with me
would you guys testify thank God nothing
weirds happening nice normal nice okay
singing
okay now that you've been deported
welcome to your home country's rocky is
that your brothers and sisters that you
have not known this is me to bathroom on
niner and this is Craig imagine I
blindfold you and I put this guy on top
of you yeah a giant Kirill and then
you're just guessing what it is watching
Katie makes you like a subscribe tweet
me at david dobrik i said i really don't
have legal citizenship here in America I
think I'm gonna have to marry cheeky is
that okay cheeky yes
