that's Drake that's Josh and it's all
love people back together again we're
all good
that's amazing okay so what do you look
like it sucked anyway
oh fuck you fuck me you look mama never
even liked you she's not our mom the TV
was okay so if you watched my vlogs you
know that I loved two things and it's
blindfolding my friends and putting
animals on top of them and then there's
my crazy obsession with Jake and Josh
I've been begging Josh to have him come
over with Drake and it finally happened
and this is the footage of how all my
dreams came true I have a pretty
important surprise for David
how do I have your camera Josh asked to
borrow it that's how you got my camera
it's gonna hold my cot on my heart
relieve some stress you're gonna be
doing exactly what we need you to do on
the floor but think of everything you've
done all that together and in my equals
of a brand new car I don't know why you
little back sorry about David Oberon
thinks we're gonna get him back right
now but I'm actually giving him the
greatest gift of his life because well
he's a bad person
he helps all our careers remember when
we had a TV show on like I never thought
that it'd be so simple but
you haven't come back for another season
yeah you some food that just goes to
Jason Jason I just saw the trailer for
one of your older movies Jason goes yeah
and Don goes camera works not good man
your children like you're cute no but it
kind of saw the comments on the trailer
oh they are maybe I'm just the only one
and then I look in the comments that
everyone's like who shot this the
fucking guinea pig understand why you
didn't like the fucking camerawork Dom
cuz it's not going in and out like this
make some chicken and eat it raw
are you regretting getting the puppy be
honest with me what's the difference
between having kids and having a puppy
would you trade both of your kids in for
a puppy no no not at this point it's got
a pretty good Instagram following going
so why didn't Charlie which kid do you
think your dad likes the most
Serkis lockpicks watching Gustavo make
sure you like and subscribe tweet me at
David over it guys I'm gonna link josh's
channel in the description below and
there you can see the official Drake &
Josh reunion and then make sure to tune
in next week where I surprise Josh with
Oprah seriously no don't joke about ya
my best boys are back in town the fake
me hanging out with Drake and Josh
yo Meghan sucks right what's up guys
also like the description is gonna be
the too much Scottie merge there's only
24 hours that it's gonna be available
before we take it off the site forever
and in honor of that all too much
Scottie more it's gonna be 20% off for
the next 24 hours so click the link in
the description below and go check out
this year
