has in the shower right now I'm gonna
hide in this closet and scare him when
he comes to hell chickie why were you in
the closet I tried doing that intro a
couple times this is what happened one
of the time knows that he's getting
scared but he's so dumb that he forgets
I'm back so you guys are all the dirty
game I've never seen four dumber he
bought a balcony you guys have parents
or anybody that Dom said a year he's
gonna let me drop out do you see the
dirty gang in ten years where do I well
3/4 of you are gonna be in prison
this woman's having sex she pushed up to
the glass look at this look at all dirty
game coming over
why'd you dye your hair no I feel like I
was looking too good so I had to fuck it
up somehow
how has it been sleeping with her every
night huh dude I wake up in the middle
of the night there's like four shits on
the floor kiss everywhere I can't go
anywhere without stepping in pissed
that's why I said you shouldn't have
gotten a dog no that's my girlfriend
Kristen Oh dogs fine she's so stupid she
thinks a basketballs another dog that's
a good idea in case in the middle of the
night you're gonna attack by sports
equipment we're here with William we're
gonna prank his parents there's not much
more to it let's just see how it goes hi
how worried is this your son yeah I just
caught him smoking marijuana in front of
my house down the street
are you sure I'm so sorry I'm so sorry
I'm sure he was with another boy yes I'm
positive ma'am I caught him red-handed
the other thing that's the problem is my
wife she's black and I don't know where
she is right now and I don't have a car
so she's wandering the neighborhood
because we just moved in and I'm trying
to teach her how to you know learn to
see where she's walking because she
can't see these guys come out they go
heavy wonder what is this that's my
camera I was taking some pictures of my
wife in a bikini why well she's just cuz
she's blind doesn't mean she's not sexy
you know what I mean I've got a daughter
she's a ginger they also made fun of her
they called her sesame chicken and I
thought that was pretty rude too
unfortunately the main problem is this
dildo collection that I have is I make
glass dildo there of rock stars John
Mayer Keith Urban and now they destroyed
six or seven of the dildos you know how
hard it is to get John Mayer's cock
sighs I had to have seven different
groupies go in there and mold it and
then you put it in the oven that's what
I have to do but with rock stars dilled
that weren't penises ma'am ma'am no but
he was actually smoking weed legendary
drinking Josh nectar Josh Peck is at my
house right now I'm gonna tell him that
I can't find my phone so he has to call
it and then he's gonna realize that my
ringtone is the drinking Josh Dean can
you do me a favor and help me find my
phone real quick
yeah
chachi miss you like and subscribe tweet
me at david dobrik guys there's only 24
hours left to enter the contest where
your name could be tattooed on time and
if you don't get on Todd's body that way
then don't worry cuz there's plenty of
other ways to get on Todd's body like
literally just show up to his house
you think he looks cute do you want to
capture this moment this gym like this
fucking nuts bro Jesus man
