you make out with me all thanks for what
you really but I'd make out with anybody
dude I swear to God don't you fucking
put fireworks in my room tonight don't
you do it I won't talk to you I'm not
gonna talk to you ever again I will cut
all fucking friendship with you I will
shoot with you anymore fucking podcast
about duh okay it's not even that I'd be
mad at you that much I wouldn't be able
to live
no no all right six some of the times it
by by the number of girls you've hooked
up with in the last month I want to know
there
this can't be private I have been trying
to pry this out for a while
36 36 oh you actually thought about that
oh Jesus Christ
that was a prepare for the hit I'm gonna
be cool all the numbers and okay does
that mean anything to you guys no we
need to cool that number we've all
multiplied a bunch of numbers together
right give it a cool I wanna give you
some ice basically when you're with a
girl right don't cry at the dinner table
because your legs don't touch the ground
these all seem oddly specific do you
shut up brothers in a book somewhere
okay I don't know that sounds a little
strange what's the book called it's
called big Nick's autobiography oh my
god oh my god oh my god oh my god rip
that it's just the end of a broomstick
grasp it firmly with your hand it feels
like a big old stick and there's
probably something at the end of it I'm
gonna hear your battle scream
got some jennifer wish you like and
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik guys
jack says something really cool to show
everybody go for Josh good be back I'm
here and I'm ready to learn how to steal
everyone's money by selling their
machine
you have to choose right now to keep
your Tod what do you want five years of
Spanish like coming down was Josh
give me the leche papi you know now can
I go back to Jack
