that's why I didn't know where to find
it because there was hiding the entire
time update on my VidCon situation I
think Dom's trying to have sack
difficulty on his cock blockers also
typical it was right here and the pants
are fucking down and I was ready to go
inside the bed fucking Corinna's over
there like I'm tired some hopes Alex I'm
like oh can you leave for 20 minutes so
many leaves on the room bring the
fucking broad that he is wanted to hang
out so I left like I was supposed to
fucking assume that one King fucking
dirty Dom came in I had a fucking drop
everything and get the fuck out now he's
sitting here begging at the fuck you
fucker
basically himself at this point are they
trying to bullshit me saying he lasted
like three minutes yeah okay with his
own penis fucking pussy are there tears
at my head like when it devil's asshole
yeah that's the way to do it I'm here
with my brother Toby's this is first
time in the test that I must show them
how fast it is Jesus it's for the sake
of the video so it's your first go
your mangas long warning what do you
mean she's like we're leaving in the
obviously remember when jason stathom a
doubt right that's girlfriend actually
ended up breaking up with him because of
that video of four months I know the
reasoning behind it because you knew
that you were making out with Kareena
you deserve to be broken up with what
was your rebuttal when she broke up with
I was just telling her I was like but it
wasn't a girl did you ever cheat on her
before not to kids no break up with her
make out of the fifty right now hey it's
David you said girlfriend
why is your name Nicky Instagram man did
you guys break up and did you guys have
an open relationship
Nikki heart heart why is relaxed mood
Instagram that's what we Instagram
instead of change what's her last name
I don't know Brandon have you ever
cheated shake my hand and tell me you're
not gonna cheat anymore David I would
never cheat anymore that's that's log
things watching Sam makes you like to
subscribe tweet me at David over this
hatch show since my family is in town
and my siblings are huge trick and Josh
fans I'm gonna have the one and only Jah
coming and surprise abut surprising is
enough so he's just gonna try to scare
it's gonna be a David surprise which
means people will cry okay well okay so
the thing is I've kind of been wanting
to show you guys something
how many laughing
David's parents look at him like they
may never see him like as I was leaving
they were like Jose Jose watch for you
this is guy up here that's wearing my
merch so he goes surprise
I love the merch
