he's 100% dry Jason you were driving
recklessly so that's why Jason I pulled
you over you're under arrest Nathan is
that okay what have you had to drink
tonight your goal at VidCon this year
hold VidCon is I can't believe they're
letting you come first of all we're
gonna fuckin sleep funami in the room
you're like give me the other quarters
you like both of you wearing jumpsuits
in court
Dom's fucking girls well I met the desk
we're in fucking class is like looking
through all her IDs and shit
VidCon what's one youtuber you wanna
hook up with this girl Eliza coach if
you hook up with a girl who would you
hook up with that Alyssa Alyssa violate
Alyssa violet what's on a VidCon I'ma be
coming for you I'm gonna be drunk you're
gonna be drunk it's consensual don't
worry I'll help you out
Alyssa valid if you're watching this run
live from Armenia see you've probably
never seen an American bedroom before
how many girls you could have on bed by
six get so many girls okay it's my movie
theater room oh can we watch Wonder
Woman here if you don't have it my
friend Giga she has it two copies okay
can you get Doc's purpose old's purpose
yeah one or two you didn't know there
was a sequel Babu she knows nothing out
to 2019 coming out to tonight David Oh
buddy I wish you were married Mad Dog
the world's tiniest handcuff
that's a joke doesn't mean buying this
house makes you want to be with me
longer yeah it makes the car really yeah
they're Sydney with the Tesla like you
keep buying things I got keep
questioning our relationship and then
you buy something else I'm like do I
have to buy an ax for you to love me
longer house for me please yeah big Nick
Jason and I were thinking and we want to
surprise you with a trip to Las Vegas mm
but there is a catch is a Ringling
Brothers and Barnum & Bailey Circus
there and there's
okay I'm not I'm not going to fucking
know you want to be when you grow up if
this YouTube thing doesn't work out well
it's not oh that's gonna be tough you
could work at Subway you'd be really
gonna make it for long hi welcome to
subway would you like a footlong form a
footlong hook up with someone that's
dead inside are you having there's a
little population of Elliot do you ever
come with someone that's done you know I
was married for 10 years
yeah we know you work really hard so we
want to take you for a smoothie y'all
come with that cheeky we're going in
cheeky have you ever been in a fast car
this is if you want to go fast you do to
watch changing the color to write of
career as a whore shit seems to call it
a green if big nick is a douchebag yeah
change the car to red if I'm gonna be a
millionaire one day watching a view
makes you like it subscribe tweet me at
david dobrik where's the good looking
the other night I brought a girl over
and she said this about was
better-looking than Todd
she said that Scott was better-looking
in time he has gotta stop bringing over
drunk girls man
I'm leaving so I don't want you two
having sex on my bed again I know that's
why you come back you always come back
when I'm about to leave the house Dom
gets super sweaty so I have this moist
detector on my bed okay so we can't go
that hard Chris where did you come from
money you know you are here just having
sex in your bed all merch is 20% off
views that called clickbait
