I'm here under your run basically
everyone's in their underwear
everyone everywhere just completely in
there under what do you want to get food
basically can you be an 18 year old girl
that approaches vomit VidCon why her
nipples like that hey where's David I'm
done I'm done kissing Dom it's 7:00 hey
what's up dude I imagine you'll be
coming soon damn TV cribs what's up
screws get started - I see longer sure
Alex like that's not let's get out of
here my gardener that's a dog he's from
Bulgaria big building like that go we're
in mission between people go get your
room okay cool she's part snake in part
Tyrannosaurus okay well that's because
human impersonations Dalek we're that
there youtubers what do you do if
they're like actors except more legit
right there we got a couple of followers
so we can say hi
I gotta film something I'm sorry you're
just looking at douchebag cuz these
recordings we don't go down there just
gonna look like a fucking dick I'm TV
yeah are you gonna post the part about
how they came and we said we weren't
gonna come downstairs even though those
are my followers and they deserve my
attention we're gonna post that
for the Chinese smoke in my face I blow
your fucking cock I might steal this
woman's back she look like she's not
paying attention she pay attention I
didn't say anything what you're looking
at how many little where's this from oh
this is Chanel Chanel I got it under
home shopping Chanel home shopping
channels yes you fucking idiot his dance
wo OD SW founded this organization he is
w Stanford a dick sucking women and
shoes okay
follow it up the shrooms I took laughs
come Carmelita Karina there you'll call
me Karina that's Ernie's lockpicks
watching Nora I make sure you like it
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik guys
I kinda have a surprise for everyone
right now this is something that means a
lot to me and I know that's gonna change
this person's life come on
I don't know now look this is Alex cute
persons yeah yeah would you date him
