stop signs good David your meetings
really coming along no parking good
David
real good hop try this one right here
correct Corinna for those of you who
don't know a random trip to Alaska what
you doing I'll ask you party doing
Alaska there's girls in a bathtub
bathtub they're naked and they were just
chilling the bathtub blowing bubbles
music ah no there's no STDs in Alaska
who told you that the girl told me that
whoever told him there's one girl fancy
on the one guy there's me getting dance
thongs and other girls dancing bus full
of girls looking for their bath chicky
is it true that you're in love with
table you can what as for dog yay
Jamieson what did chicky say about Tod
the other day she said I spend extra
time on Todd's room JD so your husband
he doesn't like Todd my husband no I
mean this is Judy's husband when she
finds out about the affair with Todd
what's up guys today I'm pulling a prank
on Seth and may have the potential of
being one of my favorite pranks I've
ever done so alex has a scary old man
mask that he's been using to scare
people for a while now I'm gonna
convince Seth that he needs to make out
with Corinna while she's wearing that
old man mask Seth are you okay with
making out for any Karina's gonna come
out of my room before she has the mask
on and she's gonna show me how weird she
looks in her outfit I'm gonna tell her
that it does look weird and that need to
go and add some more padding to make her
look more like an old man I gotta put
padding do look kind of dumb but instead
of going of the room and adding more
padding Carina is gonna hop out of the
outfit and have Jason put it on its
terrorist
switching the taste this is like a porn
and then without any hesitation I'm
gonna have Jason come out wearing the
old man mats and try to make out with
I'll be honest with you I never kissed
anyone like that before
Oh some good shit it's the fucking
tongue you think it was a good kiss your
fucking tear for all the dudes you kiss
your fucking what your family's people
that have lost their lives due to the
laws just kept going and going and going
and then it was like the tongue and the
tongue I'm gonna grab your bar call this
shit I was I'm mad but I'm like sad sad
he's like no let me finish
drunky
I didn't know you've a penis that's
raised I think scotch and Carmen makes
you like it subscribe tweet me at david
dobrik guys in my last hour I said Todd
is no single unfortunately that is just
not the case he's in a happy
relationship
I love apology to the likes of my
girlfriend
what's her name's camera
if I surprised you guys one day with a
time machine where would you take the
time machine and watch the future and
the future is here's old super famous
multiple wives Wow David set a time
machine not a magic wand
okay so what are you doing now hey once
you go black you never go back
