oh hey why'd you stack your pillows like
that make it feel like I'm sleeping next
to a body ha ha ha ha good night my baby
you're so cute that's adorable
fucking bitch Kevin please don't Club
eleven
what's club that's club eight you held
up a finger look a sham please don't
couple of where's that shit what do you
do for a living you seem like you got a
lot of money bro
but I shake the fuck oh fuck mom he's
gonna be so rich one day he's gonna hire
someone to call me pussy all day I don't
know how Miami is the most cliche place
on earth but yours were you assigned
with our hotel room are you like a
welcome to my what did you have to drink
tonight you can say whatever you want my
buddy over here okay thank you Jason
here's something to get you through the
floor perfect thank you have fun enjoy
poor Jason anymore into smoke but he's
just like ah that's a good joke I'm
gonna do it I'm like can i friend out
the hit of that as we were pulling that
big no don't they're not gonna give it
back as if it's happened multiple times
to her where someone on the highway
Assessor for a hit of a joint and driven
home Rachel we've done this before are
you doing this they never fucking give
it back one time I was doing cocaine and
we were in a van we put it all right
here I'll cook it and there's one guy in
the back two guys here if I turn the
fucking car on conditioner just snow
Dixon and I are in Miami right now I've
been emailing this mother who has a
daughter who supposedly is a huge fan of
the vlog she's bought the merch and
everything her name is Tatiana and her
birthday is today we're taking uber
right now to our birthday party we're
gonna surprise her with Jason and with
speaker we brought the speakers in case
you completely hates us so we have at
least something we wanted pizza that was
I feel crazy you hear about Corinna
what'd you say the soundtrack to Alex's
I feel Glencoe oh I wish that I could
stop hearing the jokes that I
find a girl dumb walks and exactly
always cool the fuck I can't fuck this
couple me in our bedroom right now and
go ahead and fuck a girl in my bed if
you want I won't be fucking anyone
that's watching Madison you should like
and subscribe tweet me at david dobrik
guys Todd is officially single which
means the ladies are gonna be lining up
oh they're not
yes they are I don't think so that is a
really hard time admitting that he's
really good-looking
cuz I'm not yes you are admit that
you're good luck I can't come on okay
I'm really really good luck thank you
well you can see the douche
it's that kind of weight it's the kind
of way that's like you know your face
baby I could see your halo pray it won't
fade away right
