should we pick up Susy okay okay pick up
Susy or should we wait for her okay okay
yeah that's unmanned sir now this is
about the sample this for apparently
it's Mexican and it makes you
cancer-free right here we go oh by the
way it smells disgusting yeah oh my god
looks like the inside of a horse's ass
no interest in the fruit before all the
sudden outs does it taste like common
did you give me cum it looks like frozen
comment what's so funny okay what's up
guys so Alice's ought to get here any
second now I put frozen coming back
would you rather watch your parents have
sex every day or join in once to stop it
watch them to have sex every day okay
but I mean ideally watch every day and
jump in a couple times a week how much
were those sunglasses what's up guys so
if you know my roommate Dom you know
that he's had sex on my bed two
different times today I called Jason and
Trisha and they're gonna do me a favor
and have sex on Jon's pad Jason you got
this
Tom's actually not coming for another
two hours I'm getting really cold come
come in all right are you guys actually
make it in there bro have you been
you have in fantastic everything's good
man so you know how all those times you
had sex on my bed yeah it's a payback
bitch Wow excited
having sex with men having real sex yeah
I know they're having real sex I can
fucking see minutes of Jason semen on
there like season three of drinking Josh
all over again honestly how much money
do you have in your bank right now
that's not amazing thanks thank you for
contributing to it all the child stars
that didn't get huge movies and huge
roles after you probably had the most
money God dude you really know how to
take a great thing I make it shoot I
really was riding high on that until you
basically said that I'm the richest of
all the losers you're just a Natalie
party so much I don't know she's always
getting dressed up all sexy going to
clubs I actually haven't noticed that me
neither
you are so beautiful
how you doing bard on smile even
boundaries mr. drew imagine if he's 35
and he acts the same way
