coming coming coming hi it's Alex um no
he's actually in Minnesota right now
come on guys so basically you guys are
here cuz I want to play a game you may
have seen this game on television the
winner of the game gets $200 gonna be
one versus one person who's gonna be on
one side and the other person will be on
the other side and in the middle is
gonna be a cockroach and they're gonna
blow it in the opposite person's mouth
stuff in your mouth all the time what's
the big deal
let's go first so Todd versus current
I'm kidding he looks so so so disgusting
look how gross he looks holy cow three
two one blow in five four three two
blows
that's like a followers come to our
house sometimes and don't ask them to
bring them chicken tenders grapes all
kinds of food you guys bring Cheetos if
you brought you grace
it's her she brought you please you know
we should make merch together yeah like
we can make shirts and sweatshirts that
stuff that'd be amazing yeah what would
we do snow fat Josh snow Drake and Josh
oh yeah maybe we just shouldn't do them
really crappy haircut in June of 2011
and it was hard it's easier is life when
you're good looking down pretty people's
eyes aren't that easy that's a really
special moment today we have another
girl that Dom has slept with Lauren
first of all let me start with this are
you okay with being on camera do I have
your consent to be on camera is that
okay you don't need to wear buckets and
she's with dumb okay what was your first
date like no prize I mean she is fucking
high maintenance get the fuck out you
guys have sex on your first day whose
idea was that
of course wow do you know that Dom had
chlamydia yeah I thought of that right
before we had because this name is dirty
how old are you oh wow it's five years
older than I expected and you're like
really smart eh yeah I heard you have a
4.0 GPA 4.0 you slept with God regret
ruin opposites attract me I got a street
scholarship where'd you get that one on
the corner of Hollywood and uh map
down the table person to come out of his
mouth move and enjoy it and be like oh
my god that she was not the type to want
to crawl right back there yeah
Jason's gonna read the first dm's they
ever shared together bye go cover it up
Lauren yo Dom hi Lauren I like your
sunglasses dumb-butt sunglasses you mean
penis
how are you so smooth and why are you
wearing sunglasses all of a sudden I'm
wearing sunglasses because my future too
bright I'm never surprised your mom look
in these days okay
Jesus Christ Peter victory lane can
subscribe to meet me at David Dover guys
Todd is officially graduating college
today which means he has officially
thrown out five years of his life at
$120,000 yeah but Lisa got a degree out
of it yeah well you don't need a degree
to keeper
you narcissistic fuck I fucking hate you
what I hope you get decapitated in your
Tesla hey guys welcome back to the end
of the floor real quick Jason nice new
podcast is up the first episode is up
I'm gonna link in the description go
listen to it let us know what you think
