well I hope one day I could find someone
that looks at me the way that you look
at every woman on planet Earth Channel
today we're gonna be doing something
really weird weird be playing spin the
bottle of Dom Karina and Alex win they
get $200 a piece Percy gets $200 but if
it lands on this side we have to do a
three-way make my favorite part about
this whole thing
taste you guys give them usually when I
don't have locked foot it the universe
aligns itself and I always end up
getting vlog footage so I know it's
gonna land on the three-way make up I
just know computer online gambling game
out time put your money where your mouth
is or put your mouth I'm definitely not
playing nothing seriously what's the big
deal with making out with Dom it's not
Dom it's already after Alex completely
destroyed the table I decided that maybe
it wasn't the nicest thing to make him
make out with Tom and Karina and I
realized why would I want to embarrass
one of my good friends like that so
instead I made them go out to Hollywood
Boulevard to tell people what they've
been needing to hear for a long time fun
fact about Todd if you listen closely to
his bed you can hear him trick it off
and if you put your ear to Todd's pillow
you can hear I'm talking to a bunch of
girls saying that they're really special
and they mean a lot to him Jason Carly
little surprise this is something that
you guys been wanting for a while okay
permission to see my kids no not that
three-two-one
good news is there's plenty to go around
there's a hundred rats for you and a
hundred rats for you okay ty grab my
suitcase why what's going on I'm moving
the fuck it's life's lit don't quit is
that your official quote is my official
that's my dirty damn likely don't quit
let me borrow 40 bucks so I'm just gonna
take like 20 hoodies in the gap and just
put them around like I think it was a
gym just stand at the door don't judge
the bar maybe like that'll be $30 you
can pay me people go to buy dirty dogs
ready inside $39.99 only have a hundred
okay
that'll do I said that's not my grandma
that's my cucumber what is actually
enough first there's nice where Alex now
really Bora Dom comes up to us and go
boys night boys night Dave cheat on your
girlfriend night cheat on your
girlfriend that's the type of person I
live like Liza watch girls night cheat
on your boyfriend
cuz I'm doing that I think your dad has
boys night and sheets on your mom no
that's a pussy oh I know this man cheats
on his dad how do you know laughs I've
been there done that
yeah how would you feel if you walked in
one day and you saw big Nick having sex
with your maja type of guy to get
jealous of his dad for hooking up
exactly like house family's so screwed
up that Dom's dad comes into Dom's in to
brag I'm having sex for your mom tonight
kid that's right it's off extracting
Riley unless you liked it subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik anything else
dad Oh Nick come help me do the outro
man may come out me do the outro
what's up guys welcome to the end of the
video Jason that I have some big news
I'm pregnant
no he's not pregnant okay he's a little
bit pregnant we've started our own
podcast it's called views I'm gonna link
in the description please go check it
out let us know what you want us to talk
about on it the teasers out today and
the actual first episode is out tomorrow
but depending on when you're watching
this the first episode is probably
already garlis in the podcast it's
linked in the description
