that's such a good day with you baby
what's up guys the next little bit of
footage you're gonna see was recorded
before my last vlog about four or five
days ago I blindfolded my friends and
spilt cockroaches on them two days later
I thought it would be funny to blindfold
them again but this time spill
watermelon on out of all the friends I
do this with great pleasure that extend
this formal invitation to you I invite
you to have sexual relations with me if
you're interested please contact me via
snapchat have a wonderful day oh the
funniest part about this at all you know
damn well no one fucking email me that
shit this is I hate how you constantly
think I'm bullying you in these vlogs
I'm just joking with you like a friend
oh you think these are friend jobs yeah
why was I crying my eyes out last night
right what do you get to make fun of the
most here other than big men Jason yeah
I give this kid a lot more shit than
anyone else sometimes I think about my
OCD and it hurts I'm not just down there
but up what pics to you like what kind
of jokes good to you eats completely raw
sugar it's not even raw it's like
Buffalo Wild Wings is wild buffalo nor
wings just fucking water I'm not cooking
these chickens I think he's attentive
being vegan I don't kill the animal I
just eat it right away can you please do
that thing you did bring me Dom's
chicken real quick yeah this shit
here with all the boys right now and a
couple days ago I got a DM from a guy
named Rodrigo city what it asked his
girl out the pros Rodrigo is here with
us right now we bought the ass who's
gonna profit
regos girlfriend is a fan of the vlogs
and she has no idea that we're here
we're gonna surprise her in her own home
we're going to Rodrigo's girlfriend's
house right now and we're in a really
really bad neighborhood it's kind of
starting to creep us out yeah forgot to
tell you David when people aren't
allowed down here Rodrigo's not going to
ask her for prom there's 10 pounds of
cocaine in those flowers and it's a shot
of deliverator actually being a gang
initiation he has to kill people
totaling 10 million subscribers on
YouTube we get there and he's like hey
yo can you call Liza for me we're gonna
ask Rodrigo how was it it was cool but I
didn't know they'd be so racist you know
a little nervous when you go ask your
girlfriend a prom that she's gonna see
Todd and Alex and fall in love with them
especially Alex right Alex you're good
no you're good looking we are officially
in the room it's go time you most
nervous about not at Disney
surprise
that's a very exotic swatching Alice
make sure you like and subscribe tweet
me at david dobrik guys i have a special
announcement to make with a special
somewhere you guys are thinking is liza
back in the outro no Liza and I have
made something really special and we
want to show all of your yeah go go show
come on out come on out three two one
nice to meet you Rodrigo's a good man
jessalyn haven't have a great problem be
home by 6:00 p.m. because Rodrigo's
crazy more importantly did you say yes
no she said no Oh No
