lyza come on you've been getting ready
for 20 minutes you look the same make a
promise to be nicer to each other I'll
take less time to get ready fine let's
do it
okay shake on it perfect okay come on
let's go
Liza where are you going before the
flock continues like you normally would
I want to explain something that's about
to happen yesterday Scott Todd Jason and
I went to the store to try on some new
clothes for Coachella Scott ended up
finding something he likes so he went to
the dressing room to try it on
shortly after Jason thought it'd be
funny to take his camera and stick it
underneath the dressing-room door to spy
on Scott that's all you need to know
enjoy the rest of the video Jason he's
fine let him try it happen again I was
one in a million of what I just recorded
no they hadn't Scott was responding to
everything Jason was saying Josh must
have a lot of money I mean you were a
big actor you're still are a big actor
you're huge on social media now so why
don't you buy yourself like a huge home
and show off cuz I'm not a dummy like
you a year old you just came into a
bunch of buddies like
so bad with money like he just bought a
house that we warned him not to buy no I
know you warned me Jason really didn't
warm I warned you and then I saw the
house and I was like I honestly don't
give me enough credit for being good
with my money hey you are except for the
thousand dollars a day you spend on
Craigslist or my name is Josh I quit my
job as an actor hanging out with 20 year
olds and kissing youtubers and I was
going up prom but you will not be free
it's gonna come suit $2,000 to catch an
STD promise' the girl she cannot only do
good that's what I'm gonna hop back in
the closet yeah I mean I mean boo
leaving to Australia for a week what's
in Australia once you get down there
he's gonna give you five grand have you
hooked up with anyone for money before
no I really owe never for money but a
bunch of gift cards huh that's like
curry dollars nothing gonna Applebee's
it's three thousand dollars worth of
gift cards no but that's why you go in
Australia what do you text you he said I
hope you like koalas I can't wait to put
my dick in you this is my wallet and
right in the middle is my kangaroo jack
that's odd that's still no invitation to
touch that oh you have leggings I got
permission now you're the stereotypical
college guy
touches your boobs well it's not my
fault you're not wearing two bras that
surgeries a lot of exotic Salvi make
sure you like it subscribe tweet me at
david dobrik guys Ethan I have something
really important to show you guys come
on he comes here he comes by ready he
ready
turn around
well you know what they say you are what
you eat so big must be a big pussy
