I'm gonna push Scott in the pool sky I'm
gonna push your 21st birthday I thought
I'd give you a little surprise you have
to be blindfolded okay you actually have
your birthday exactly that's your plan
you want me to think that it's gonna be
something great because it's my birthday
but really a velociraptor he's gonna eat
my favorite hi guys so I figured out a
way to bring up philosoraptor back to
life surprisingly enough that slices
favorite dinosaur so I'm in at the phyto
with this
Here I am with dressed and we're going
out for my birthday when really we're
just going down the street to the zoo
see that I knew you were gonna surprise
me for my birthday so I decided to go
ahead and get my corneas removed I can't
see I'm blind
mrs. shirt as a blindfold okay okay put
it on no that's not it's not an animal I
have someone here it's gonna help you
okay
I'm Shelby this is Shelby it's a place
come here take the BAI fall off in three
two one go where are you what is this
place Liza so she'll be in Santa for the
past month we're really hard at work and
they made you something
you made me something they made you that
black poster inside here we go
three two go that's all that was insane
is really cool thank you
real quick I have to give a huge shot at
the Shelby and Sandy because without
love this painting wouldn't have been
hung because I painted it and they took
the time to hang it up though they were
working on this painting before I even
met Liza that's how long they were
working on this for I'm gonna link their
Instagram down below please go check out
their artwork it's literally insane did
you get a tattoo boom Oh procrastination
procrastination so when girls go down on
me they're just like wait okay I was in
New Zealand for like ten days so I
texted him because I want to check up on
it and then he gave me the driest
response fast cuz I wanted you to miss
beginning I wrote you how are you and
you said no thank you from Matt why is
that you guys were goggles when you guys
don't even swim we don't want to get
water in your eyes we run and all that
person I don't know how to say this
without being rude but I think my
roommate Dom has completely lost $2,000
people go to prom with you yeah I think
that's pretty good probably package deal
that's a horrible package it's like hey
I have chlamydia but I'm gonna box it in
with AIDS
explain to people what happens when they
pay two thousand dollars to go to prom
with you it also depends if you're 18 or
not 18 plus why because if you're under
18 you get sex and if you're over Yubel
XM negotiating with a girl right now I
don't want to give me $1,000 and pay for
the fly so it's it's in the works right
now are you serious what's a thousand
dollars go together
I have shaken some semen on her for I
have to do they have to pay me on PayPal
if anyone wants to pay me that is my
paypal the link will appear on the
screen right now so I won't there you go
I have a sick marketing tactic and it's
I'm insane and baby's gonna put in the
vlog because I've lost my mind jobs the
whole marketing thing is if I got crazy
enough even's gonna plug it in his vlog
for free that's what you do that's how
you get your way all the time
someone actually pays down two thousand
dollars to take him to fraud I will fly
out with it I'm gonna record it because
you have to be pretty pathetic to do
that that's lockpicks watching breathe
makes you like it subscribe tweet me at
david dobrik guys Todd may have come
back from New Zealand but to all the
girls he hooked up with don't worry
he'll be back in nine months to take
care of them yes
explain the painting real quick to
people that are not
this is elephant his name is Pookie
David gave them to me when I was 4 years
old
James me I think on Valentine's Day and
who's that I don't know if this ring
that David gave me it has a very
beautiful story behind and it will be
told on my channel since you know I love
that lamp
