fun fact I was shooting a bit with Jason
and Corinne and Valmer literally sitting
right behind us making out on the couch
and it was this sound it was that sound
when people are like trying to fuck
while other people in the room was like
okay this is the last time we're saying
goodbye to the house and ironically
there's a really good ironic ending
Tolliver's there were like five boys
that lived in this house so there is a
lot of sex that happened in this house
and to my knowledge the last person to
have sex in this house Wow
today in all your years he counts he
told me it was like 136 I've known you
for like a year and a half and it's at
least at 40 I used to count for him
because I was I needed help cuz he could
never count past 320 fucking girls Davis
and that was one night I was like he
crazy as my dad wants everyone to know
that he's only slept with 20 girls
thanks you guys realized where the three
most pathetic in the fuck I'm an 18 year
old kid living in my own apartment got
fucking badass bitches family everything
between you and I as I wanted died Jason
stop stop I invited you guys here for a
reason because you three are the most
pathetic keep on killing family not in
the fucking pathetic zone were suppose
it's fucking on bad bitch Avenue long
story short st. Heath and I were hanging
out at their apartment and Heath brought
up that he really likes the band Steel
Panther keep in mind this was like two
days ago so I went and I hit up Steel
Panther and now they're coming to
surprise Heath insane inside their own
apartment I think as much as it like
pisses me off the
fucking bring shit over life deep down a
little bit Omega is excited because it's
always like a part of the animal kingdom
I've never seen this is your only hint
you get ok got a new house surprise
David bought a new house I bought your
apartment complex I'm your landlord
actual surprise is upstairs right now
thanking me no I just took you out here
to distract you guys okay keep your eyes
closed okay follow me okay follow me and
guys follow me and don't peek okay can I
open no not yet I'm gonna count down
okay three two go
you know the signs can be real loud oh
so pissed I couldn't make to the show in
week you really liked them I'll say yeah
that fucking sat there than Sean of your
song quick the rack that's watching
Mandy makes you like it subscribe tweet
me at david dobrik guys their new album
lower the bar is coming out so you can
pre-order i'm gonna link in the
description hey dolfin 3 days later
heathyr walking around right now looking
for what I got on baby open that open
and jam open the car it's like that's
not your car
