one two three and no Jonah you said
you'd have sex with me oh yeah to make
sure that I'll have sex over that night
when she said that she's like I fuck
dated and then now I'm like not to fuck
her tonight you're sure you can't say
you're gonna have sex with Jason's
friends why sure sure how would you feel
my cells gonna have sex with your
friends what friends joke which one I
have no friends cuz I don't that's crazy
it happened to you in there huh turned
into like a little door then you got
around naked chicks you like weren't you
a stripper yeah how many random Enders
yes sex with has a surprise maybe like
100 oh Jesus this is a part of I was
washing David's vlog I wouldn't watch
but I'm like with my ex means you play
have a really good relationship because
they have something I can put in my
mouth and it's so so much ohh oh my god
yeah sure right over here you and
Brittany have been seems to there for a
while now for like two weeks
Brittany's 35 no pretty to tell us the
truth how are you
who was the greatest musician of our
generation that's easy a little pump
shut up what's up guys so we had a fun
idea today we're gonna surprise Jonah's
dad with two strippers I mean it sounds
like a fine idea
I don't know how it's gonna end up being
so you're a stripper yes I'm so fun how
did you come about being a stripper my
mom kicked me out when I was 18 I'm
sorry I've never liked dancing front of
somebody's like parents this is a great
surprise we have we're surprising your
dad today okay with two strippers since
you two are like the leads of the
household mom and the dad we got you
surprised excited come on
here you fix yeah you should they're
coming that close
that's dude that's what I wanted you to
say I'm studying biology in college I
let us begin with last year
