people ask me why I humiliate myself in
your vlogs yes for those two little
angels say to kids yeah but I don't pay
you okay it's for me I need the
attention I'm always on Craigslist
looking for new animals look at this
over just found Saint Scott come out
here don't make any moves I bought you a
little present
it's a pony so you know I like the
packing peanuts is like a bad idea right
the boys were really mad right you want
to share with us josh is gonna entertain
Japanese businessman I have some
Japanese clients okay a lot of money in
Japan yeah Josh if you're comfortable
doing this and I don't see the reason
that we shouldn't do it he's saying we
would wish he was more like the show a
little bit better why does he care so
much about how he looks like Jason can
you ask Hiro what he wants to do with
Josh what
what is he saying Jason when I said that
he was a fan of Josh's and he wanted to
do a mean green what I really meant was
wanting to suck him off in the parking
lot of the chick-fil-a I'm gonna fucking
have you have sex with Josh Peck he's an
American icon what is he saying this is
your cue to
he says I'm cute too he says he likes
Josh you look too much like a lesbian
yeah you are blowing this from oh I'm
blowing this for you this guy's part of
my fucking game you have sex with my my
undercarriage yeah do that
guess what drink and fucking josh is
over dude it's wrong the theme of things
that are over what about your
relationship with your kids that doesn't
hurt my feelings I haven't thought about
my kids in week mr. hero I don't want to
disrespect your culture oh come on Josh
continue to put on this that I'm just
one of the guys I'm Josh fucking peg how
much are you selling Josh's body for I
don't know how about $100 100 bucks are
you fucking out of your mind what is she
saying I don't know I really don't speak
Japanese I've been making out the entire
time I have no idea what this guy's
saying he just showed me your Twitter
feed and what like this that's Jay it
makes you like it subscribe tweet me out
david dobrik guys if you haven't noticed
the past five outros have been
pre-recorded and this is the final one
because lazar comes back today I'll come
back today I'm like I'm so glad to be
back I missed you so much I miss you too
you did I missed you
these balls are very bold he's released
while I wasn't gonna do it for him he's
gonna go to the police why is it what
the Kirkhof does anyone care to know his
real name his name's Eric
