when your life is falling apart but
somehow you're able to pull it together
welcome to Greco's New York Pizza I just
got a text from a random person that
Jason is on the side of the street right
now so I'm going to see where he is
oh my god this is not don't pretend like
I don't know who you are
my name is Carmelita who's Carmelita you
know sorry English question little puppy
if you don't want something don't waste
my time that day you come out here to
make fun of me no no get in the car
hey the lumberyard yeah fuck my ass in
the lumberyard scars nice Bobby you make
a lot of genero now am I taking my
roommates they wanna have sex with you
we can do that okay it's going to cost I
know it's gonna cost a lot of money yeah
and we'll figure that out it's at least
$14 $14 e Rojas C for everything happy
and do it all for you did you have a job
before this si papi I suddenly get that
Burger King I segregate the chick-fil-a
okay papi you can drive now two years
ago when you moved to LA did you expect
yourself to be where you are today I
don't know why I don't expect to be a
legend but now your God bless you who
would you compare yourself to Albert
Einstein hold on
Nicolas text la oh my God look you guys
are so cute
would you stuff your belly with Zayn do
you like Christmas born where Santa's
helpers but first we're gonna help
ourselves
good a lot of times I've vlogged saying
there's an Arab joke that's made and
he's like dude it's cool I'm Arab I can
make those jokes he'll make all these
like blowing up Airport jokes I mean
you're like it's cool dude I'm Arab I'm
with a bunch of random Arabs and I make
Arab jokes like what are you doing it's
cool my friend lived in Lebanon for two
years how often do you get stopped at
airports like through the security line
every time every time I go to an airport
and I show them this and it's like I
look like I'm about attack everywhere
and it's I got a ticket counter to get
my ticket she's like is this gonna be a
round trip or one look at these half of
a one-way let's just say I will not be
eating on the ground sir what's in your
carry-on it's just better shoot text me
when you land what I say what's up dude
that's if I land I'm gonna get back
there I'm gonna throw the ball okay I'm
gonna throw in the hoop wait why don't
worry if I hit your head and longer come
on Nick are you okay here you go three
two have you ever done the sprite banana
challenge what is it I don't even know
what that word means if it means you
your semen doesn't work doesn't work
no they won't but my dick already
doesn't work fast it's fast
dude it's a fast challenge ah here we go
second banana let's do this not if you
have to puke run in the bathroom I don't
think it's gonna work yeah chug it
though you got chug it right after you
finish that banana nothing maybe I like
a really strong stomach
what's your hurry boy you sure that
probably is a really strong stomach you
try it I don't want to I can Jason just
try it I don't want to ice it nothing's
gonna happen dude I'm fucking older you
don't know 10 bucks
boom second banana chug-a-chug-a
chug-a-chug-a check what does it feel
like it feels like my stomach's of
politics does it feel like you're gonna
throw up
no that's rotten Alison if she liked it
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik guys
New Year's is coming up and you know
what the best part about New Year's is I
know the best part about here
Hebrews 9:27 and as much as it was
planted for men to die once and now
