do you brought me alcohol for that we
need to disinfect it I just got the
fireball Oh you's a fireball disinfect
it'll take away the pain I guess yeah
well this is a hundred percent sure he's
not gonna percent sure why would I lie
about when you got me between the sheet
water speak louder what the fuck you
want from me
why didn't you log your doctor's visit
because I was in fucking pain I don't
believe it wouldn't even molester Jason
yeah it was like prison rate propelling
someone's gonna prison rate me free
insurance three meals a day and you get
a nice bed to sleep on sounds like a
deal to me really good free insurance in
prison yeah yeah today I fucked on my
leg I don't have any rubbing alcohol
guess what they got in jail rubbing
alcohol I want you to know right now I'm
taking lies in a little bit of a
surprise she has no idea where we're
going I'll give you a hand okay give me
salad
you putting me on a diet
now you're going on a diet no why'd you
get so excited shit yeah no there's more
to it come on yeah oh my god shit shut
up shut up your life no you're such a
bore no it's such BS I hate you no
actually I actually brought her here
because Cesar's here if you guys
remember who Caesar is he used to work
at the target near us I brought Liza -
she's in the bathroom
are you ready yeah I'm ready any of
these seem familiar to you beep gasps
excuse me sir no filming please you
shoot the bot David I'm kicking out the
story so we have to show you something
but I don't scare you there is you did
that for views yeah are you fucking
kidding me
it worked I did for a good cause Jason
it's the last time you did something
could put up a YouTube video Friday all
I'm gonna do is you guys 58 better than
last week we're gonna go back 343 I want
views do I want yeah yeah I love you you
do anything for viewers no I have a
fucking David I have a ton of pride I'm
not gonna fucking do that I've trained
with the London Academy obviously see my
work on drinking shop I'm a trained
actor I went to Julliard I'm not fucking
shaving my head oh god I can't believe
I'm shaving my fucking head literally
every vlog you hit a new level of
rock-bottom
if you Anne Hathaway
you guys are nice like you helped me
like with like different tricks to the
Internet yeah where would you be without
them you probably still have a cool type
of hair that would be so stupid this is
great for a bird's nest like a bird we
love them there we go bad you really
think it looks good no Jason you look
like shit we fucking lied to you you
went all the way there you fucking
shaved your head so I would shave my
head because you're the one who looks
fucking stupid Alex I don't give a fuck
about your blog I don't give a fuck
about your fucking camera I fucking ate
this piece of shit I know you're really
cute and I thought we were fucking pros
Alex also shaved his head to see look
it's all fine it's fine because I didn't
shave my head what the fuck what the
fuck Alex
ouch what the fuck fucking kill your
buddy
that's what I think of your fucking
grandmother's chair Alex you and I are
so through talking on my you and I are
so through that's exhausting Alex makes
you like it subscribe tweet me at david
dobrik anyone else at Eliza yeah today's
outro we're coming to a very special
homeless man with a very nice message Oh
Stewart I like that a lot man
Merry Christmas thank you
how do you like David I look fucking
horrible but back outs but back
