okay so yesterday was the day before our
anniversary and I'm pretty sure lies I
actually thought I was surprising her
with a Python today's our actual
anniversary so I wanted to make it up to
her by being a little bit more tumblr hi
guys I think there's a Tesla outside -
what let's go now for the best part
9 foot Python come out I'm gonna get us
some food I'll be right back ok no Liza
I'm still right here I'm Lily in your
house it's just a fort no lies I'm right
here it's made out of linen I can hear
you it's a fort okay I'll see you later
mochi you think this has boosted your in
that side I'm a gun Oh like that guy
from the Sponge Bob who are dresses up
it is like I wake up in the morning and
I break my leg trying to take you
seriously but I just keep looking at
your earrings as distracting me why you
don't like them you just look like every
fuck well in LA were you talking about
Oh what's up I'm scared they're gonna
beat me at home at like Kendrick Lamar
would call him I know I'm scared they're
gonna beat me up dude no you want to
fucking hospital again is that what you
want that's what I want actually saying
Gilmour so yo bunk James you're the type
of kid to kill everyone in your family
for quicker baby oh oh you do if they
see you this and find out though they
won't let me back home you'll start with
your system you'll be I can't believe I
lost my sister yeah each one of my
family members
I got Thursday's videos clickbait ready
I got Sunday's I'll have so much
clickbait I'll just be a daily vlogger
oh my god you having a party
no you're like enemies with nine Alton's
finisher run across that table are you
guys pretty good where'd you hear your
name I first hit any was gonna be bad
well what the fuck dude I don't know
what he did dude that looks so bad what
do we do okay what do we do what are you
getting some pics it's real blood it's
not real are you gonna wrap it what is
that gonna do so you're saying by
wrapping it all stop the bleeding yes
okay let me just put more of it on the
so it looks more like why this is real
this is what's happening Jason is
auditioning for a kids show right now
can you just imagine if the casting
directors found out what you do on their
night I know I thought of that what do
you think would happen if they looked
you up
who is Karina and why are they always
talking about her vagina so you wanted
me to clean up your image I'd like to
you know you know that's right you saw
thanks watching George I miss you like
and subscribe tweet me at david dobrik
guys why is it cut off all our hair this
isn't about you but I feel like a lot of
people on YouTube like change the way
they look just so they can get more
views yeah I know what you mean I
honestly just think they're looking for
attention I think it's pretty pathetic
to you look like a mom at a baseball
game yeah
you
we went to Target we bought three get
green candles and a bottle of wine I was
like we don't drink wine yeah right okay
what's wrong with your eyes
