how would you feel if I got all of you
guys hypnotized everything Donnie Darko
no okay
so he gets hypnotized and basically
hypnotism just lets your mind roam
wherever yeah and his mind roam too like
he put his hand in his pants started
jerking off in front of the hypnotist oh
my god I don't know Keith and I really
want the skittles really badly but
there's one problem that they're a
dollar twenty five but all we have well
I have her singles all I have is bunch
of singles so we're not gonna waste a
second single just to get accorded
exactly these are already on the edge so
we're gonna buy one of these one dollar
items and trying to knock the skittles
down I don't think it's gonna be hard
not only that but we get two for the
price of water watch this watch it it's
so close one more time come on come on
go go go go oh so you just do the end
there one more time think about we're
getting a good deal right we're getting
a good deal because we're getting two
for the price of one exactly all right
come on we probably saved a lot of money
crap oh hey what's your name I'm David
nice to meet you yeah I got to talk to
you for a minute here I give you
something to play with take these keys
you can't play with keys okay forget him
he should watch him for a little while
you need to watch it yeah for like a
couple days no no a little bit longer
than that
how long do you need me to watch him for
90 98 months
98 months yeah it's nothing Jason that's
eight years Jesus they're just playing I
think alex is teaching my foot okay
we've never had kids to take care of
David you have a YouTube channel that
you take care of he's just like a
YouTube channel time have you ever taken
care of a kid before exactly can you
come here a little bit here's the thing
about your dad his movie failed and he
needs to go away because all the people
that invested in the movie are looking
for the money hold on okay you want to
know I'm going to fucking rehab you
covered his eyes matters ears sorry
listen I'm going to fucking read this is
just between me and you okay
why can you close your eyes for a minute
that's okay it's a weird family this is
for you this will get you through for a
couple days okay okay and then come back
and get more after no no I'll just take
this fine why the place to stay for a
couple weeks this means a lot David
okay it really means a lot totally work
with stuff what totally work come on
Jason yeah so in the last vlog I talked
to Scotty and Toddie and Paddy was
telling me that fatter people are
funnier today I'm joined with Zayn and
Gabi I was totally like not gonna do
that
until I was driving over and I'm like
wait they're gonna take it the wrong way
do you think fatter people are funnier
it has nothing to do with your weight
obviously but I do think that people who
are uncomfortable with their bodies
overcompensate by trying to be fun
that's why I push my stomach got every
chance that I get I can't come up with
anything so let me just I don't like
when I'm skinny okay you're starting to
sound like toddy
what are you guys doing yeah you got a
crack right there yep okay all right
everybody take pants off it's just my
arm take your pants off he must be an
experienced chiropractor that's all I
think Strachan hatin makes you like and
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik lies
and i don't have a joke for the outro so
we're gonna ask the lexo if she has
anything Alexa can you tell me a good
joke the electron ask the photon did you
pack your suitcase
a photon responded no I'm traveling
light I don't get it I was never really
good at geography
well that was science I have all these
chips right and I see a bunch of kids
just sitting there and I go should we
just give them to the kids
Heath pulls me to the side and he goes
are you stupid
