Taco Bell is in the truck this month
we're gonna pretend he just came from a
really nasty hockey game in his pistol
action fuck you what will happen out
there shit
yeah fuck you 42 and number 42 is just
over there he's fucking my girlfriend
what do you mean you're playing hockey
yeah I saw him in the fucking bleachers
he's not even on the ice no he's the guy
one in the 42 jerseys oh he's a
girlfriend go back there and you win
this game for us
what's your momma say when you couldn't
make it anymore and we said don't let
nobody fuck Betty yeah that's kind of
specific but yeah what did dad say when
you hung up your steak and he said you
were done for good dad said you're a
pussy go out there before somebody
steals fuckin Betty so in the last vlog
Jason made out with an elderly woman
named Mona and a lot of you guys thought
that was really uncomfortable to watch
Mona grew up in a completely different
time where casual sex was completely
okay so when she talks about sex don't
be weirded out just think about your
grandma talking about sex it's perfectly
fine fun fact about Mona and this is
true three men have died on top of her
while having sex with her how did they
die what was the moment where they
passed away so normal she's like they
came and they died what's the big deal I
guess he was nervous and he just died on
top of him yeah I gotta say bro
hemorrhage marry two of the men were
cheating on their wives with Mona and
they died that's some fast Karma you
killed a bakery man I mean you didn't
kill him but he died on top of you Mona
are you comfortable with people walking
around with costumes like this
Mona's like that reminds me of the
bakery man Dom don't turn Mona on too
much you're probably in the bed my
mother's brother could be my father
oh really I don't get that my mother's
brother can be my father she had sex
with her brother yeah Wow David you hit
the jackpot
yeah he wants to know
somewhere she goes 15 that was a crazy
night she was sleeping with her
daughter's boyfriends Mona you are
insane
how did Scott think that the fatter you
are the funnier you are it's actually
proven if you're fatter you're funnier
no matter what that's about Trevor is
Jonah Hill
you don't wanna get elected that nobody
likes when you're skinny
everyone loves a nice fat you're being a
good-looking guy got to be so privileged
in life and now you're throwing it away
because you want to be the funny guy you
know what you're being you're being a
celebrity that makes millions of dollars
a year and complains about not having a
regular life I'm so pretty I just wish I
was funny but I just want to be normal
okay
imagine you are Scott ah and you're
funny is that worth it ajan you look
like sky he wasn't even saying I was
funny or good-looking imagine like Scott
you just have nothing Keith used to be
pretty big used to be large and we said
thank you was fucking hilarious
now he's lost a lot of weight and he's
just looked at as a sex symbol that gets
a girlfriend so pong her she looks fat
she goes you look really funny today
just appreciate the fact that I haven't
looked at the road why on earth did you
get this entire limo well I wanted to
get you guys something nice or put me in
the box oh my god thank you for being in
my life here once the boys say so how
much money you have left this is the
last of it enjoy this night why are we
even going well we're just going around
the block we just big Nick you through
your entire glass that's very large
that's it Michaela wish you liked it
subscribe to eat me at david dobrik I
want to thank everyone for letting me
post 200 vlogs in a row your 200 vlog my
200th of all did nothing special for
this block I didn't do anything special
was kind of stinks but could do
something special if you do it right now
what something that everybody will
remember
friend
