they're caring so much stuff here give
me a hand give me a half oh thank you
we go oh it's been like
I got this hot chick I got a new
girlfriend you guys move it okay just
come in it's coming I need you guys get
out of here and I need a place that's
out sexually you want to use our players
to have sex with someone yeah just can
you guys leave for like a couple hours
clear off for like two hours go shoot
something I'm not gonna leave for two
hours so you can have sex with some ten
out of ten babes an hour is this girl
really that work that you have to kick
me and Alex out of our home she's got
like great is she's and I really like
her she's really nice and she's she's
only here for another day what did she
do for a living I think she's like a
billionaire or some she retired she were
tough she's she just retired
oh gosh she must be really rich if she's
too crazy we can't give you the place
I'm gonna put it in the blog cuz I think
that'd be kind of like a turn-on I
already told her that you have a lot of
followers you're gonna want to put this
girl on the blog she is a fucking ten
out of ten you're Jessica Alba yeah
she's like that I dress like perfect
okay okay is she coming yeah taste a
little bit who's that my mask how old
you are 83 83 told me you were 39 Oh I'm
39 oh you're kidding yeah okay yeah no
Mona can you please tell me a real age
yeah 39 39 what year were you born in
1933 okay then you can't be 13 aha and
Mona even have sex I'm sorry yeah
you know what they call her Mona right
why she loves to moan oh let me talk to
Alex for a bit and then we'll decide
quite honestly huh she's like oh yeah
she's like 80 years old she's like you
don't love them you just want sex
yes no Jason did you hear what she said
she's using you yeah I'm not using you
yes you are Mona I see right through you
I've met people like you Mona I love you
Mona know then say it's say like you
mean it
I love you Mona that's a bunch of lies
all you are is the sex machine
what did you want out of this
relationship sex you wanted that's all
you wanted you are a joke you may be a
slow person to walk but you are a fast
person to break hearts and that's why I
need you out of here
not going to make you know listen to you
for the Victoria's Secret shoot you can
go by yourself are you trying to get
with Mona yeah I've never been with a 39
year old she's not 39 did you even get
Mona's consent to have sex do you want
to have sex with these boys yes she
literally just says yes to everything
Mona is the sky green yes am i hot
yes no what are you supposed to be some
idiot your dad's a farmer could you hook
up with a girl wearing that hook up with
Zayn wearing this show me how people in
the south back by pretends days your
girlfriend fun fact I've been dating
David what Simon baby very bad it's like
a good guy and I've been dating Liza for
about 11 months now I've met both of her
parents she's just scared to go and meet
my parents when they've asked numerous
amount of times to meet Liza are you
scared that my parents won't like you
yeah why because they see me in the
outros and that's some good stuff right
and then they're gonna see me and
they're gonna say it anything else to
add lies that I'm gonna be like oh and
in law accepting mag he makes you like
and subscribe tweet me at david dobrik a
bunch of you guys messages why we didn't
dress up together for Halloween yeah you
don't need to wear a matching silly
outfit to know that you're a cute couple
yeah we kind of just know that we love
each other that's enough for us no but
seriously I really hope you guys had a
happy Halloween you guys celebrated in
the safe way yeah but those you guys
celebrating early now Merry Christmas
I need to get away leave the house for a
few hours what yeah you need to go David
what do you mean I need to go I'm gonna
alice is gonna have sex moaning and I'm
gonna I'm gonna go in the closet and
wash
