well you just met me yesterday Alex and
I stopped a domestic abuse situation
like no joke you like like we were
walking in the Sears and that's why she
was getting hit what were they doing at
fears were leaving Sears and right
outside the entrance a dude is literally
hitting his wife open this close best
like he like okay so she was she was
walking and he came up behind her like
oh he's gonna hug her he's so cute and
then he just starts pounding at the back
of her head we just pulled over right
away and then we were just like hey hey
and then the dude came up to our car and
that's the point where I turned out my
camera and this is what I got what's up
dude bitch no she's not your bitch dude
you'll have a problem because I don't
have a problem but that's not your bitch
I don't care it's my wife okay but she's
not your bitch is your wife let her
leave my fucking bitch she's kidding me
okay do this that's the way to respond
are you good man do your ID come here
you're beating somebody outside in
public imagine what happens in a house
with that fucking asshole and blast
license Heath missed out on the last
conversation Heath and I gotta talk
about abortion oh my god oh haha your
topics that you want to talk to me about
are ridiculous all right guys today
we're gonna be talking about rape I talk
about abortion so much it literally
looks like I'm trying to get an abortion
and getting it like you need advice what
you thoughts on abortion dude no not
that not that I'm having a baby okay
alright guys so I just bought a fish and
I'm gonna go to the food court at the
mall I'm gonna pretend that was in my
drink
I said it sometimes this pledge isn't
funny
then he'll throw in a fake laugh in
there make it brain surgery mmm so
natural it comes with a fish Gabby's
gonna go ask for a refill
you are so casual about it do you
normally find fishing why would they
care Ellie's most fucking disgusting
place in the world I don't think Dom
understands why it's bad to hit a woman
oh it's terrible
oh now you know it there's a lot of
people coming from the streets right now
cuz it just like concert can we go out
there normal Alex over here thinks that
some birds don't even have legs sure
sure
what is that get the fuck outta here go
sit down Alex who's out there why are
you taking off your pelvis talk to me
dude I want to know who's out there
David shut the fuck up and go hide the
kids we don't have kids kids ever since
the Able's came off the shelf in 1936
I've lost my fucking shit come on Manuel
what's just what's going on just explain
to me dude Alex no how are you bleeding
dude what did you do but you had the
kids did I hide the ones the kids did
you hide the kids
that's rays lockpick Scott Sinclair
makes you like it subscribe tweet me at
david dobrik well Eisen I got a boosted
skateboard
that's an electric skateboard light has
no idea so she thought
why is everyone here what is this a
reunion I felt exactly which fish
together
excuse me sir please get that line
