alarm who are you because I am who got a
visa Oh what Alex guys we went to USC
party and first there was a lot of fun
here's a clip then it got a little more
not fun here's another clip you want to
run share run shit no no I want to run
anything we're all walking okay so
what'd you learn from yesterday fighting
is always good no no the best way to
resolve oh you did not learn her now if
he's watching this right now what you
have to tell him pussy ass bitch no and
you just please apologize to him just in
case he is watching this if you're out
there you watching this I'm sorry for
what happened
escalate it to what it did I'm sorry it
got that way you also shouldn't came at
me like a punk-ass bitch
new protein powder look fucking ripped
eyes to do what who actually bigger nice
to have someone that dope body in this
house finally right come on chill dude
David there could be more than one guy
with a nice body in the fucking you're
Alice's cool toddy stays here right Alex
what's wrong
who's gonna clean up a mess now oh yeah
oh that's gonna be hot yeah you clean it
up you're what I'm clean
why did you break so many cuz we need
new glasses I told Alex before we shot
that like go ahead break everything just
not the TV goes Donny want a new Xbox
these two girls came where my car never
do an impression of them go oh my god no
one wins the lottery win the lottery
it's just a scam to get Americans to pay
money for stupid things yeah and why did
I buy a ticket this is a true story
about dirty down we went to a party one
night together we weren't really friends
back in high school so I don't know how
this happen and we took my mom's car out
because none of us have cars because we
were so young and yes we ended up
drinking every kid did it at that time
it doesn't matter anyway tom was
actually the only one that didn't drink
at the time doesn't know the driver
we're leaving the party I give him the
keys I'm like Dom do you know how to
drive the car I'm like honestly skin is
that I'm licensed because he's from
Serbia or wherever he's from I'm good
from the cars like dude can you just
shut up leave me alone and puts the car
in reverse slams on the gas it hits the
car a huge dent in both my car and the
person's car and then I'm like Dom what
did you do and he's like nothing it's
nothing puts it in Drive three minutes
later we got a call from the person
that's running a party and she's like
you better get back here right now give
me money or I'm calling the police
we take about five hundred dollars which
is all he had we pay this girl and this
is after 30 minutes of I'm trying to say
not going back I'm not going back just
was just leave we'll never see her again
this shit goes to school with us moral
of the story just don't have it a v8
being the designated driver because
being an idiot is the same thing as
being debbie has to answer all these
questions honestly or she'll go to
present first question black or white
people
if someone in high school was like hey
Gaby you're stupid and ugly and you saw
him today or would you say I would say
hey how you like me now any like shit I
don't know your nose
when you grow up do you think you'll
stop hanging out with kids that are my
age lockpick shots Detroit if you liked
it subscribe tweeting yet david dobrik
guys I'm dropping lice off at the
airport right now she's gone to New York
New York so that means all the girls
I've texted you guys welcome to come
over now she's not gonna be good girls
their maids they're gonna come clean to
surprise you well while you're getting
the place clean yeah there are girls
being shirtless shirtless they're gonna
clean so there's no shirts on the ground
shirtless no shirts so they're all gonna
put it away
y'all gonna put out put a boy put into
it thank you guys for watching bye
you
ringo smoked a whole join himself not
realizing he was a busta positive
