you make a lot of money right I guess
but are you happy yeah I'm stoked you
seem so yeah the candles are backwards
the battery they're backwards yeah go
and go back and he's 12 surge and a baby
yes that's true well you better take
better care of it in your career or
it'll be that - that was really fucked
up please be nice to me I'm bleeding I'm
begging haven't been treated like this
since me and I took her hand like this
that she goes oh oh I'm so sorry
there's a bunch of mouse traps to catch
on the floor ready this even hurts your
put your toe right on that one
you've done like more shit to me and
that's not all a this is another back to
the treadmill oh my god fine what kind
of a question is back David it's not too
much trouble uh my arm is falling off
could I possibly get a band if you're
busy it's okay I don't want to be a
bother
DOM is preparing food for himself but it
looks like you're about to feed 12
hungry wolves
what seasonings that oh this isn't
seasoned seasoned there's a lot of fake
people in LA huh what makes a fake
person well you know they only hit you
up when they want something from you
they're always asking you for shoutouts
they like hanging out with people only
cause that money yeah yeah so you know
not what you just said does never mind
you of anybody what's up guys as you
guys know I painted myself on all of my
friends rooms in their old house
unfortunately they had to move out and
they couldn't bring the paintings with
them so being the nice guy I am I just
had to go to the boys house while they
went on vacation and I used their
25-foot wall to my advantage
and got him a housewarming present that
I'm sure they would really love
welcome home Bob what do you do anyway
the boys are out of town they went on
vacation one of the walls looked a
little bit already
just paint your house yeah I know
fucking shit how'd you know we're
security cameras we watched you bring in
the pink and I know how much the
paintings do you men in the other house
fuck you see okay
I think you're gonna like this one we
made it so it looks nice it's all your
fucking painting well guess what Jason
is never gonna propose to you god I want
to say that I'll be done with you but I
know in my heart I need you this is good
yeah I think I like it
through Kuban yeah they keep it you like
it come check how your mouth
tagging your blog I want to do this shit
you're not making me do it because I've
read some comments if people like
David's meat or like do things you hate
to do this like what the fuck it's like
no I like to do these calm down and go
drink your peroxide
