Bailey come on get out of there Bailey
come on Bailey Bailey one two three
Bailey around bite dobrik ernst get up
oh my god these are beautiful they never
have bags here though and I always
wanted bag boy can I have this bag yeah
oh my god dude put this ugly mask on a
pretend to be a character this is going
to be one of the most interesting
stories I had a friend once I'm not
gonna mention any names but he was
dating a porn star and I'm like dude you
know that's like really weird and then
he's like no it's actually really cool
cuz you know when you date a regular
girl you're scared that she's cheating
on you with someone else well this way
you know that she's cheating on you with
someone else I'm like dude you realize
who's gonna be having sex with a new guy
like every week and he's like yeah
that's the best part
I'm gonna get to travel he was like
excited about why are you so okay with
this people are probably gonna think I'm
telling the story about you I wish I
fuckin travel opportunities are
phenomenal so today I press the number
to dial her phone so she can let me into
her building Gabby answers and she's
like hello and I'm like Hello and she's
like is this David and I'm like no like
is this David and I'm like no and then
she asked one more time and I'm like yes
and she's like okay good your question
is just like Lucy you're David is this
David just okay welcome back to a new
part in the vlog I like to call
controversial topics with Zayn and
Scottie yeah I can see you explain what
abortion is is something that should
have happened to you
whoa just because he has freckles are
you pro-choice are you pro-life for
abortion let's pretend he gets a girl
pregnant which is very likely Heath can
take care of it he has the money for it
the girl has the money for it okay but
let's pretend talking about it like this
thank you about people
imagine Oprah gets pregnant Jesus this
isn't the yeah but this is a topic of
controversial conversations with
influencers you have power to do stuff
you do nothing what are our jobs got
influencers we're influencers so why is
it that I can't come to you guys and be
like hey let's talk about something
that's controversial so we can change
the youth in America cut back to my
first question what are we we're
influencers that's it we don't need
intellect behind our answers we just
influenced Scott what's a good game that
everyone should go download
counter-strike
boom it's good a bad game yeah probably
but Scott just said it in this video
that will probably get a couple million
views so you have to go download it
alright it's not that we told them to be
pro-choice it's that we got them to
start thinking and now they're gonna go
home to their families maybe like my dad
and my pro-choice or pro-life portion
I'm sorry why's with the bargaining
she's like I saw you doing videos the
table now kid you die she was like are
you smoking weed you know how to you
don't have to hide from me look mom I'm
not smoking weed like it's all for
entertainment purposes and then I put
down the phone and hit my blood there's
a joke Bob I don't smoke and fucking
games and it takes a lot of objects it
makes me look like a bitch expose your
friends who smokes david dobrik boom no
way don't
that's like thanks awesome Ava I'll make
sure you like it subscribe tweet me at
David okay what lies that what is it why
what's going on do you try to prank me
this is big poop yeah you gotta fall for
it yeah I don't use my real but that's
the girl
you
hey guys we need more double-a batteries
so I send more double-a batteries
