Zain stop stop sister stop what are you
doing dude I want the orange I'm trying
to move it to other sides move you're
trying to get the orange out of the pool
you're so dumb this is what they're for
dude use this you're an idiot
no Zayn I have an infection you wanna
see it yeah oh my god is that on your
pee-pee we're happy with his infection
why are you excited
come on so what do you have a disease
you don't have an STD hundred percent
true honest what do you have no I just
have like an infection in the tattoo
some cream to keep it from turning into
Marissa
what's Marissa ways yours infected - I
can't tell
no his is way worse than mine you guys
just sneak into a hospital when they ask
you if you work there just be like oh
yeah what'd the doctor say when he
thought he was like how drunk were you
and I was like I do any other tattoos
yeah I have my porn star diamond that's
my fare on fucking sending what does
that mean sandy what does it mean send
it you never been like oh I don't know
if I should do it fucking send it do it
I'm getting matching tattoos yeah he's
like I don't know what to get I was like
I don't either he's like whatever let's
just send it and I was like we're
fucking getting send it we have to guess
what Zayn's drawing what is that a dot
Scott's penis okay guess what this is I
don't know what is that Zhang's penis
you can hurt his feelings or anything
that's pretty cute a little Spanish boy
tell me how not Spanish you're not a
Spanish boy and I'm gonna prove it to
the people that watch this vlog okay I
appreciate that when you go to the
grocery store what do you get right away
Oh what are the colors of the American
flag Rojo as
what do you call a baby elephant
Jorge yeah your Spanish okay I really
didn't want to have to do this but I
feel like at this point I kind of have
two guys a lot of youtubers on here make
thousands of dollars a month by
literally doing nothing but doing Q&A
challenges and reacting the videos that
is absolutely insane it blows my mind
that you can make a career off doing
that this is why this is what I really
didn't want to do I'm starting a second
channel where I'm gonna be doing Q&A
challenges and reacting their videos I
know what you're saying David aren't you
a hypocrite no I'm a businessman no but
seriously I always wanted to start a
second channel where I can goof around
on and be a little less formal than this
my first video goes up tomorrow and it
just means my friend I don't know who
yet but we're gonna be reacting to one
of my older Vox so it'll be fun go
subscribe to right now it's linked in
the description okay back to the normal
vlog what does it say what does it say
it says dear David I'll keep this short
because well you probably won't even
read this okay this is probably swine
litter power bomb then what is this it's
like the wreck I sent to glitter bombs
Scotty don't be stupid big shots and
I'll make sure you like and subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik got it look at
all this p o-- box stuff it's so cute
and they're so funny it's amazing to get
like get stuff from you guys especially
when you guys spend a lot of time on it
literally all of your handwritten notes
are so so cute and so adorable i'm
meaningful to us the best part about all
of it is that we get to share with our
stuff like oh my god
I don't have anymore time for an extra
clip
