come on you were supposed to get the
sound in there you were supposed to the
video of it oh okay I did it
yeah why'd you kiss me it's stupid hi
this is story about how I ruined my best
friend's life this is Alex new Alex if
you guys don't know but he was a big
sports player in school you play
basketball football baseball they look
he looks like an athletic guy right
Michigan uh no g4 great sports we were
in the seventh grade we were having a
pinecone fight out like in the backyard
area long story short I threw a pine
cone right at his eye it got infected
and sued he started to get like flu-like
symptoms so he had to go to the doctor I
was in the hospital for like a week and
a half
cost us about ten grand out of pocket
ten thousand dollars for a pine cone
shark the doctor ended up telling him
that he got a staph infection and the
staph infection it ended up eating bone
marrow in his hip so not only does he
now need a hip replacement but he needs
extra bones and weird procedures just so
he can walk straight again they told me
like when they got the infection out I
would be like back to 100% in like six
months and how long has it been six
years fast forward a couple months he's
on crutches and he remained unconscious
for four years when they told him that
this would all be resolved in six months
mr. good college where'd he go Community
College it's the Community College and
he's getting good grades what was your
grade last semester si si which is good
because that C stands for can't get any
better that's what I feel really bad for
doing that for Alex so right now right
here in front of everyone I wanted to
give them a quick shout out but you guys
go follow him on Twitter this is my
favorite part about this entire thing
Zane put these weights here so the
watermelon isn't fall over none of the
weight oh my god alright thanks for
watching and that's how you make a
rubberband ball this is a tutorial on
how to make a rubberband ball
when Zane or Kylie or anyone from a
vlogs dies I'm gonna make sure to use
their death is a really good quick thing
Scottie dies someone so gums too much
Scottie I'm vlogging from his funeral
people are like why did you put so much
of Scottie yeah I'm at Zane's funeral
with Liza and we're almost kissing in
front of his casket for a better
clickbait we're so conceited that at
your funeral were like guys we're gonna
do we're gonna kiss I grow up to your
parents like attend your your dad mm-hmm
man I feel really bad about yourself so
our friend Natalie over there is
babysitting and she doesn't know that
Ilya has this car so we're gonna have
him Park it over there and we're gonna
bet him that he can't go and steal his
own car you get in that car over there
and the keys are and then you drive it I
told you $2,000 Natalie are you gonna
get in on this nine-month anniversary so
I was at the store buying flowers and
some cards and I ran to a really cute
girl in the grocery store is this she
adorable we ran into each other inside
the store while we were both buying less
I was buying these flowers and she pulls
up right behind me as I'm checking him
out so the cashier she's like hold on
can I replace these these are ugly
he picked out dying flowers he was like
what you don't like brown and all's like
crowded that's a big stretching mat make
sure you like subscribe tweet me at
David Arbor guys lives and I just
thought about that you know what that
means I'm gonna sing me a song yeah
it's been the best time of my life oh he
wanted me to mess it up and say the
worst time and then autocorrect myself
in real life I just couldn't I got a lie
it's been the best time of my life
