look how weird Liza's filming a video by
yourself what are you doing practicing
for what your mini Olympics they already
started doing news talk about Alex I
know for a fact Alex's bunnies I was
thinking about earlier
think about thing about the benefits of
being a dwarf right so zero no how often
do you change your shirt size yeah good
pant size never boom dude that's it
that's what I'm saying by David don't be
a dork come on I'm not making fun of you
for being a dwarf I'm showing you the
benefits so you're not sad the other
year 20 people died on a roller coaster
which you wouldn't be able to get on is
a story about one time he was watching
porn at one time guys I was watching
porn god I'm talking to like a bunch of
little girls watching porn and I think
puffed up immediately just like it
looked like it looked like an actual
thing from Apple we're gonna it looks
like an apple notification like from the
FBI saying you've been watching child
pornography went to family I was
watching very rough hardcore porn and I
started freaking out I literally left my
bathroom with my pants still down
running to his room like dude what the
fuck is this I'm like I don't know I
just kept on shutting off my phone and
as soon as I turned it on the apple
cider to come up and then the
notification would pop up your body and
prior to that you didn't watch child
parts like 3-4 weeks like you know I do
not watch more all the story guys what
does it say well the stories that watch
porn on your computer not on your phone
Scott big Nick's out there dude why
aren't you hanging out with him what is
it Alex I thought you were good with
stealing guns from people
Alex what are you doing I'm fucking
bleeding okay yeah are you driving me
drive you somewhere go for it you young
you're driving you know he needs to
drive on fucking Alex move a car so they
can drive dude stop chill seriously
don't let me drive what the fuck you
guys are terrible friend you're gonna
fucking let him die listen when Zane
drinks a lot Wednesday and drinks Lonnie
needs to drive no this is stupidest
fucking never hurt are you ready to
drive yeah put your seatbelt on okay
put your seatbelt on what it just makes
them feel better
come on put the fun is wrong with you
people
he's dead Astro you people Liza I'm
ready to the ouch outro that was really
quick ok jet how'd you open the door Oh
spider-man let's do the outro have you
ever done the app sure before jet Jesus
don't you get all the way over there
he's like thanks doctor malady make sure
you like it subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik anything else
dad yet
you
thinking are you doing boy oh you y'all
relax
