my first legal checkup is now I'm gonna
enjoy in the water as if in any outreach
since he started vibe from the door
community outreach yeah are people like
reaching out to you oh yeah for sure no
I'm like I'm actually very well
respected would you be down to live in a
door of community fucking door haha so
I'm touched having a Maserati right now
listen out loud it is really loud I'm
gonna see if I can pick up some chicks
using how loud this car is while lies is
sitting in the car hey baby what's your
name you up oh Jesus okay I guess I
can't pick up girls my eyes pick up Alex
and I are doing a snapchat Q&A here we
go Alex come on Alex stop stop David
take the camera out of my eyes
dude people just like they don't wear
diapers yeah but green I just said have
fun life you have fun with me stop doing
this in the blog it's a rumor I don't
like that rumor okay take it out out
okay dog hey hey how about this how
about this I know you're a good-looking
kid everyone knows you're good-looking
in it you probably have Calvin Klein's
on look Calvin what are those diapers
why were you wearing oh my god did you
see see leave why did you leave why
would I used to stay inside that's why I
was running to cope with the trash out I
just tell you to have the keys
go go in that home and go stand there or
something for what
don't leave me pissed little bit baby
but why it so stupid
literally so dumb let's just call him
we'll get your we'll get your phone from
your place
and we call you like silly now you like
silly liza-lu so friendly here is gonna
help us translate we've been staying
here it Soviets been taking care of us
and I just feel like we've been making a
huge from Hasson we've been really
annoying so I trying to can you ask her
if we're being annoying we've been bad I
was gasps sure mr. samaras the Delphic
condo bang bang boom Z music EW no don't
touch your dad do by near more than I do
be still assuage the cock like that you
bought that shit collectors
okay oh god okay close to the half of
have a minute ow who Tomas others with
your family suffers in matter would die
but then what's all that sauce I'll go
oh what are you doing here well I
thought I would come visit you in the
South United States of America why don't
we go outside okay we can go tomorrow
but right now the Zika virus is out
there it's really dangerous
yeah it's spread through mosquitoes it's
really dangerous
yeah mosquitoes no it's not it's not for
the mosquitoes at Saturday's no it's
better than in fact know
how are you enjoying your stay in South
America so far oh he doesn't make me
little say but why everywhere I look I
see pervert oh you mean you mean poverty
that's where is the hug thanks watching
Camila because you like to subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik that's how
again i got over the olympic games and
watch some sports sports sports
you mean like bad thing no it looks like
if I sports I have you play play yeah
oh okay okay they have been looking good
I go to Olympics with you under one
condition
okay that's a condition you yeah let me
put my alpaca in the hundredweight of
day
you
Brazilians drink so much that they have
a little place for your drink when you
go pee
