loose advice no it's not a bus I really
looks exactly like a bus no it's not a
bus they're saying it's not about it's
not about there's no way it's not a bus
okay so all week I've been telling Alex
I'm gonna get rid of the bunny because
we just can't take care of it anymore
and he kind of thinks I'm joking but
today I invited my friend Dre who alex
has never seen before and he's gonna
pretend he saw a Craigslist ad for a
free bunny and he's gonna come pick it
up and take it away and we're gonna see
how alex reacts is it cool if I have
this on I just do like Internet stop
should YouTube guys yeah it's actually
both of our bunnies so here I know I put
that for our cards list my roommate I
just want to get rid of it yes so that's
why we're like okay I know but yeah I
know I've been talking to Ohio about
this dude listen it's fine no why no why
no why no what's the problem and part of
this is fake so I'm just gonna leave but
if you really do get rid of money dude
now it's come on let's talk about this
do we really need to play so do we need
it you're not fucking took care of it I
know I know
what made you think I was ready I didn't
did I what made you fucking think those
are gonna fucking talk to me fucking
attention everybody
fuck you this fucking recording yeah
yeah
he really like Bailey that's why I
thought
a good prank but it actually turned out
to be really disgusting I just killed
his mother
messing with Alex's Pat is probably the
worse prank you could possibly pull yeah
he's kammo AF right now dude I can't see
him at all and you have alignment
fucking I think next week spring should
be a little like mini coat it's made out
of fur and I just draw eyes it's made
out of Bailey thank you meet up my mom
so there's a lot of rollercoasters you
can't ride you have neck problems
what's your neck problem what's the
solution to your neck problem this is
actually interesting because a lot of
people don't get to experience this you
had a make-a-wish walk me through that
process okay so basically like you or
like yo the whole meal with a vacation
do you have to send pictures of like
your broken body no you don't have it
illness yeah they're like damn that's
too big here's a vacation to make a wish
to change my life how do they surprise
you by saying your wish was granted they
give you really and you open it was like
getting accepted to college yeah oh we
never know about that you can't make
another one is there an organization
called make another wish Zayn's in the
shower about to throw eyeshadow so
everyone be quiet
what do you mean everyone be quiet they
can't warm Zane Zane watch out he's got
an ice bucket he'll get you whoa that's
rays logb x rachac kelly makes you like
subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik lies at have a
big announcement to make
we're going to Rio no stop making the
pregnant jokes wonder you gotta be
pregnant and people are gonna believe
you because you keep making these jokes
David if I wasn't actually pregnant then
explain this this is a battery pack and
it says you have one out of four battery
remaining and it should say four out of
four we're gonna change the last height
so I don't know what that means
it's probably broken because I've peed
on it
your wife peed on it where you pee on it
cuz I'm
you
yeah you want to be the fucking guys
here something hilarious just anything
take your time if you get in a car
accident I'll definitely put it in just
put us in snapchat
