Jason's high as hell Kass is back in
there about the puke ass is drunk and
we're going to rehab tomorrow that's
something you say right girl
yeah how is she good better question
where did you bury her good yeah
another day another day yeah like what
is it about you that girls like openness
you know Oh open leanness open open this
open Linda's open leanness bro how much
did you smile white BMW no white
Mercedes got into a car accident it's
like the same girl got to an accident
with herself oh my god I can't believe
we crashed that's okay my dad will pay
for it no my dad will give you step up
my fucking liar you smoking weed
what the fuck can't honestly throw
around your mom's folding it looks like
she has a big baby yeah my kids 400
months old Jonah is that a ceramic face
and Josh smash this for the bit please
no I mean
we're taking a vote on from school which
could be chaos because I'm Josh with me
I'm Josh I'm drinking Josh so kids
really love yep yep it's him it's Josh
back baby
yank it all in did you recently rub a
genie lamp I heard there's a kid here
that makes fun of you what's the name
I'm Kris what does Kris do when he
bullies you basically that's the same
thing you do just without a camera you
found we found Kris he has a green
jacket right there he just took it off
you realize we're not going to school
with you tomorrow
we heard Chris picks on Bardock well yes
Chris to stop picking on barred on
that's my job at the YMCA you want to be
on the vlog no fur on Sabbath don't say
anything
Chris Blake's I don't want him to hurt
me or anything we're done Chris push you
yeah all right can I handle this
are you seriously no scared principals
coming actually you know Chris yeah he's
bullying me chat with me tomorrow if you
want we'll solve it thank you you got it
no tell Chris that we tattle to the
principal no ass-whooping we just hold
on Chris
guys I'm really nervous all of them that
comes me down let's talk about okay this
will make you feel better
did you wanna make you say all this
