you're gonna drive to the Prius zom zom
premier come here career buddy you want
to come in my house do I check the
fridge
see my lady in the frame do you like
that you can treat you with your tiny
hands
damn what is it
what is it boy guys look we can all look
stupid like heat anybody else will fine
everyone make your guesses for how much
this cost go 1 401 363 23 for 23 335 332
75 Wow he said you're stupid in your mom
stupid you have to guess how much this
all worth we all make guesses he's doing
his job not that's why he's really keen
to 18 what this beef your jobs on the
line you're on a new show called we fire
you if you're wrong Oh
doesn't say extra protection that was
just his floor is for soldier babies for
babies in armies no no no it's for
babies that poop more well they are
pooping more cuz they are in the army
that's terrifying
I get to pakka to park wait you don't
Tupac Bupa yes yeah yes he is hiding in
my village Oh which one is the gold
Amelia no no these are all made by cows
made by cows yeah your cows know how to
milk goats yeah go please go do it dude
yes we've got root beer yeah I look for
beer you get you see what I get if it's
kind of stupid you know I try to make
bun like my costume yeah I was but it
was bad it was bad I guess they have a
lot of work to Mountain you mean a lot
of work to do yes the mountain yeah
there's a game called Pokemon go and
there's like this map and you physically
have to walk around to catch pokemon and
I'm gonna go to the lake to catch a
bubble sir and mix thinking about taking
an uber to go to the lake to catch an
imaginary little Pokemon hey hey what
fucking imaginary dude what are you
gonna do when you catch the Pokemon oh
yes you're you can't why not cuz not
even real okay let's go let's go right
if we can catch listen we're gonna go to
the fucking legs he catches one Pokemon
I've been dreaming about catching
if we catch it I will call myself a
stupid fucking dwarf on camera we're
about to get label we get these Pokemon
that's not how it's not okay and it's
just like a good pok√©mon we're catching
we possibly get the bubble zone yeah get
the book get the bubbles we need the
bomb the bubbles are you fucking idiots
I'm sorry I don't know how to pronounce
your fictional characters wait who's
who's playing the Pokemon game
what you guys yeah why is that stupid no
how'd you guys get here catches Pokemon
though we've been here for 30 minutes so
we're dipping out fuckin Bulbasaur
okay we're leaving now series lock
thanks watching Emily makes you like it
subscribe
privyet david dobrik Eliza what dude
what there's a Bulbasaur right outside
my door
are you kidding yeah as if there's a
lake outside of my doors of there a lake
yeah Bulbasaur is our water pokemon
trying to beat
you
fight that banana No
