the people locker don't want people to
see you walking alone and just assume
you have no friends first walk free with
code people walking tell me what
happened last night apparently guys got
super wait wait is that what it was good
closer to me and I smell to push me in
the pool all day yes yeah all night Jane
is your phone on you is your phone it I
knew she wanted to push me and I'm I
guess my phones on me I don't want to be
pushed in the pool and what does she do
pushes you in the pool with my phone in
my pocket I yelled at Gabby intensely do
you fucking fucking get your show server
to buy me a new phone he was literally
emphasis he was like you're a fucking
cunt oh my god he said that's racist
sorry it wasn't just me it was everybody
was trying to calm st. down you like the
Oh Jojo chill just relax like it's just
a prank chotto chotto it was like st.
Gabi's like really sorry and Davis think
okay well fuck you caii thandai on our
first flight together we're going to San
Jose yeah your phone yeah then you just
roll the window down
many of you guys know I'm only 19 years
old and he just trying to convince me to
go out with him and drink alcohol we
don't have to drink what am I gonna do
if I'm not drinking Teddy I'm just like
sit there and take a couple shots or
something to your car if I'm well fuck
that's doing here
it's toughening out at 19 yo what do you
do if you're homeless you talk about do
this fucking awesome you just fucking
sleep wherever you want you don't even
have a bedtime oh my god
little twisted though like that some
people don't have a place to sleep and
we're sleeping in a nice hotel tonight
doesn't it suck that you have a bedtime
see hi guys all right break it down do
me an explanation
girl how that we're staying for one your
perfect design and design and oh you
don't blame it on her you probably found
the carpet patent first oh this is
insane
my parents aren't home come over send me
your address now how about this
turn this way home this is why you guys
leave alone you're gonna have to move
back home with mom stop embarrassing me
in front of my friends no thanks man
you're embarrassing me in front of
privilege
I'm not privileged because I'm white
only six point four pass Nick came with
a stick in the bug we can do right now
you want to record us yeah for our first
kiss yep yeah
here we go Nick oh they're gonna do it
oh yeah yeah we haven't talked about why
we can't make fun of Carina - women yeah
but he makes mommy is degraded doors the
doors doors doors what do I endorse oh
sorry mr. doe all right let's go stupid
dude that's so offensive to who Kareena
oh that's a very alive thanks for
watching and remission like uh subscribe
creamy at david dobrik any of the add
Liza anything else to add Nick yeah what
if you don't know how to do your fucking
time stables you don't belong in fifth
grade
what's wrong outro we have to do this
all over again every single time and I
hate it
