Shh my babies your baby
yeah people in the south be like do you
not see her as an orphan people sent the
video to me and they're like watch this
that was like why honey what if your
real parents died and they were like
wait we want her back she seems great
give me a quick update on your life
parents Liza there's one space left on
aisle three
let's find it we can do it we can find
it we can park there for our country for
our nation for all countries for America
for United States for the u.s. to now
this is my caveman friend from
Mesopotamia so now she understands
niggers very well why is it over here
come here
look it's a mirror look a look in there
look at that no no no it's utilizers I
can't see the timelines everywhere it's
been about these two girls DM me on
Twitter saying that they watch the vlog
so they're in the area and they know
where we live because apparently
everyone knows where we live but we're
gonna let him up now she's gonna pretend
to be sleeping and they're gonna wake
him up by being too loud and then I was
gonna come and be extremely angry and
we're gonna see if we can scare him
they're friends with Alex's sleeping I
just found out she's like a normal kid
like he's fun but when he has to sleep
that's not like all hell breaks loose
you will italics you guys are gonna get
to witness our first kiss and it's gonna
be on camera and you guys are here for
it I swear to fucking god yo dude come
on
fuck I don't give a fuck there's people
actually this is my cool you broke
character in ten seconds
what if an acting agent is watching this
right now please impact either side
can't be in a movie can't be anything
longer than 10 seconds you know fuck
fucking longer than 10 seconds go fuck
yourself
that's what I'll fucking say I gave Alex
permission to break anything in the
house he chose the table after the bit
was over which is stupidly understand
the table thing was absolutely
unnecessary though yeah you said
whatever I break you're gonna buy a new
one oh and we really need a new copy
thanks for watching Ashley and Jessica
make sure you like and subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik and the outside
guys why is it nigger Potter did you
make it fun yeah look she can't do it in
person guys
oh if you like that one Alex Alex
you
Alex I told you no matter how cool they
look you keep going you break the table
I know I was really interested Alex come
on
