6969 reminds me of yet father yeah
why we well your father and I we used to
we used to shop at Target oh oh it's
next looking for food quick Alex how can
Nick be the thumbnail
yeah but not everyone has a good body
like you so they can't just take off
their shirt it's all this an illusion
like I ripped my shirt off and people
just think I have a good body we can rip
off your shirt you'd have a pretty good
body too right
oh holy cow Nick Alex it work yeah so
you're like one of the only ones with
this necklace
yeah only like it's only one time people
have one time so it's you and then yeah
you got a good rep time I want to go
home okay buddy
I pay the gear yeah one of us I'm not
gonna say who but one of us use the word
retarded and apparently that's super
offensive and I can't put in the block
doesn't mean it and I feel like the way
we used it now is like super jokingly
but like if you seriously mean it like
you know I call you say stupid like
that's funny because it's a joke but if
I went hey stupid
that's me that wasn't really me yeah but
like he's stupid that was like that's
how I feel yeah I just want to get to
the bottom of this why can't I say the
word retard offensive okay well I think
our offense didn't sit down and talk the
beaver is offensive the f-word of the
fence what any word would you would you
be n-word in your vlog no that's
offensive
anybody want to show you something watch
cool huh
no no be careful boy ready woo
cool huh it's a light yeah Scott you're
ticking away oh we're just gonna wait in
the car okay no we're waiting for you to
get out of the bathroom
what is all this talk about you wanting
to go fake ID there's gonna be fun you
know but like I don't I don't want one
that says I'm 21 I want one that says
I'm like two months away from being 29
why I just feel like it'd be so fun to
try to like convince the dude to like
let me go in like just arguing back and
forth like come on man like
I'm almost there please quick PSA guys
he has gone on a road trip with Alton
they're gonna be filming a bunch of
stuff and short story short short story
short short short story and to make even
shorter shorts to hurry but I'm gonna
make it even shorter he found I going on
crazy road trip they're hitting things
on their bucket list is all gonna be
recorded but they need your money
because Heath is bound to get a couple
duis down the road and that costs a lot
of money there's gonna be a Kickstarter
like in description if you guys can
donate money to heat and Alton and
sponsor this road trip you could really
really appreciate it he'll quit smoking
if there's enough money donated right oh
god I don't that's quite all right cut
it cut it
don't post it
why is it you want to go there I don't
know you don't know why I don't know I
don't know either lies it hasn't even
gotten their stuff out of the car but
she went into the dumpster room so she
can fart lies is making me sloppy joes
and all day she's been talking about her
explosive diarrhea so either she's being
a really cool girlfriend or just
recycling yeah that's a lot thanks for
watching Sam makes you like subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik anything else
dad Liza Liza Liza what are you doing
dude
you
wrong within
