can I see how fast you can write no come
on I'll time you
Wow next year oh happy birthday Tom
thanks dude what are you gonna do now
that you're 20 I'm gonna drink a lot of
alcohol no Tom that's next year they got
Alex tonight waiting in this room so I
kinda just been playing I've been
playing fetch with them come here come
here boy come here
good it's not like it's not that we're
bored it's that this is the best thing
you can do right now come on boy
no come here no over here
hey hey dogs Alex could bring the bring
the pole over here
no one knows how to play fetch anymore
give me the ball gimme gimme let go let
go let go what is it what are you
whispering about tell me what is it I
think I think that you leave Thanks what
yeah you like me you you that's
incredible
this is the most nature she can get on
Hollywood Boulevard now she's gonna give
away food this isn't reviews
Hailey's don't drop it like a bomb or
abused if I drop it up like like a pop
yeah get out of the house alex is
getting angry she just told a little
white lie
she says through snapchat exact guy
friend what she really was it was come
on dude puto that means point in Spanish
let's go
it's okay put away the gun Zac Effron
I'm all people Zac Efron Alex the faster
you decide a bullshit about don't make
me fucking come back in here you live
here alabaster oh my god does it taste
good knowing the human stuff what's your
dad gonna say about this well you proved
him wrong didn't ya look an hour
everyone's gonna see all the apples you
stole from Zane's tree why is it being
in the car pretend to be unified go the
sound you make when it comes out go do
go don't bounce that near he's done he's
done destroyed Curtis seriously stop
stab her and I leave the volleyball down
do something with it yeah put some weed
inside of this
look at me in a nightgown no you don't
have to look at that's a nightcap and
had a cow Alex like urine on to the
balcony this is great oh boy she's gonna
see me
you
