take a picture with Alex yeah Alex Alex
and I are shooting a movie right now
with brandon calvillo and jason nash or
we're playing or i'm playing some to
douchebag teenagers to do so activate
super fictional and
yeah I think yeah air support yeah
I wasn't filming a movie exhausted what
was the most tiring part about filming
that movie I liked talking talking yeah
why how long do you do this for until my
mood is lifted that's entirely up to you
up to me which one do you have do you go
and that helps you with your anger
management
let's go fuck yourself David I probably
prefer one type within the bar yeah why
I'll give you 20 bucks actually gives
you 20 bucks
really if I can put it in 20 bucks you
can let it I can put it in quick use yes
let me out here children in Los Angeles
a little bit dog fuckers that kind of
made up for you farting really the party
was invariably yeah give you 25
that lies the during this target or
pretend like you from a different
country and this is your first time
experiencing target but where am I
percent off shoes 30% do you pay for
such things what do you want me to give
you a third of God give you a third of
my god
is this made for my god girl for my
country which she shops like ankle she
is she's good she's ankle she's so much
Jim look what you're wearing
oh I mean the America is I'd to be
American God now what does this lot they
on oh it's just low shit makes your skin
smoother Mexican smooth yeah in bottle
yeah I'm on natural when my country will
use milk from uncircumcised bear really
what is this there are lots of small
people in America no no that's just a
kid shirt it's for kids
oh yes yeah that is Christ say we don't
dress children in my country they run
around naked naked Matt kept until age
18 he'll go look do you guys have bike
pumps where you're from what is it puts
air in the bike bike yeah no this is her
churning butter butter this is like
you're mixing butter in my cup this is
much easier than in my country why you
see the so dirty
Oh clean the top with orbit can't help
with orbit right others I know that
slogan I important yes he'll go why are
you telling your cart to stay because in
my country if I don't tell my donkey to
stay it will run off and find other
donkey and mate and make baby donkeys I
cannot thank you baby don't better so I
thank sriracha ganna make sure you like
it subscribe tweet me at david dobrik
anything else can you help okay
under one condition you do something for
me
giving me three of you
you
you
