Oh like does he like boy yeah Alex yeah
I'm just asking for a friend
yeah yeah I don't think he's looking for
boys uh-huh
do you want me to ask ya for a friend we
have to talk to you
well would you kiss tabi him it's just a
D and Alex we're gonna kiss cuz they're
like the two hunks of the vlogs I'm a
hunk you're just the guy dude you know
Todd he was complaining how I come out
of the vlog and I told that that's not
true so much jealous and then you
pointed it mean you like fuck you
Scottie too much Scottie your little
eating dog poop a bag you need to start
making me look smarter in the log this
is our jicama you're voting for Trump
the what the Trump supporter the vegan
oh my mama love strong yeah heard you're
a racist to a Nazi yeah well that's just
being a trump supporter I don't have
political views if you like chomp that's
okay but if you're a vegan if it doesn't
condone political bend down
yo Nick today we're gonna get you to
hook up with Carina on camera
amen Liza look-alike I know it's really
weird
let's see like why they gave birth to me
right and like you'd be in the hospital
room he should probably be live in the
thing like oh it's a boy
that's it's a black guy thanks for the
other day you're given you're giving me
good tips on how to pick up girls now I
brought Karina for you to show me that
in live Karina can you pretend you're a
girl at a party yeah so just act really
stupid good we didn't rent a party it's
gonna be crazy o crazy what okay damn
you belong on how fucking crazy biotics
please no fucking pennies we hate them
they're fucking useless we don't want
them Thanks oh this is how you make tea
yeah see inside there then you boil it
my mom drinks tea yeah but your mom
puppy shops here this is the tea store
it tastes are oh and these are like what
this is where you put the tea bagging I
still don't understand what these do the
bomb yeah they filter the smoke through
water it's a lot easier on your throat
what smoke
tea you said you told us you wanted to
make tea now you're filtering smoke yeah
more like gateway to drugs there's a
what what do you mean okay okay that's
it all right I'm gonna show you that
you're the gum you're the ghost it's
just me
batteries lock thanks for watching
Steven makes you like subscribe tweet me
at david dobrik any off dad wisey you're
not ago what oh my god what happened
Eliza
you
pretty stop
you
all right so alex is back there and he
wants you to go
