what are you working on magic you want
to want to see a little trick I'm master
yeah two cards all right okay got it and
I want it anyway yeah okay now I'm gonna
make your card okay I love you Karina
you're kind of like this sauce cuz I'm a
one oh no cuz you're a one out of ten
Alex are you listening to this
Karina says she's going vegan no no it
has nothing to do with being vegan
you're the biggest idiot in the world
you know what it is I'm the biggest
idiot I'm not the one going vegan what
an idiot vegan dude hey Liza guess oh we
just found out current is a vegan you
guys comfortable with riding the
elevator with a vegan what's your number
to comply with women
okay I have 2.9 million followers online
what's like the first thing they say
when you tell them that you usually get
like a fuck off or like I don't know a
vine is but like occasionally they'll
hold my hand yeah isn't that funny that
we give gave Nick the broken controller
but he still thinks he's playing did you
ever have like a make-a-wish yeah you
had a make-a-wish well what's it did you
go all the way no way you wasted it on
that and why did you get that wish you
gotta have some sort of fucking like
know sometimes STDs
now realizing no bully alex is in a
panic just because you had a make-a-wish
doesn't mean you can treat other people
okay look I got to fly to Hawaii for
free
I get it nice hey guys be nice to Nick
in the comments hey Nick
don't lock yourself why are you famous
you're just reading Alex's comment
what'd you do at work today other than
ignore my calls
whoa this are you blogging and trying to
talk about your feelings oh my god lucky
I they have an address like one two
three four why if they wouldn't put the
three there would have it in perfect
order one two four yeah
one two four three five trade winds I
like the outfit it matches your hat what
did you get the outfit first or the hair
first nice look I thought this is
underwear what'd you think it was it's a
hat I'm just a pervert oh my god
flies I thought this was underwear it's
a hat Hey damn you want to be on my
prank show you think you're gonna get
pranked but really I'm just gonna be
shaving last time gonna be out sure you
didn't have your eyebrows on in someone
commented who's that little boy sitting
next to you in the outro that's Trey's
lock thanks for watching Cathy makes you
like subscribe 3 me at david dobrik wow
you literally wearing my shirt again
Liza that's my shirt underneath to take
that off what take it off why did I have
a new boyfriend then take it huh oh my
that's my shirt - Liza I get it what I
get you take that shirt off and
underneath is gonna be my shirt - why is
it you're predictable it's all Oh
that's on my shirt whose shirt is that
sigh you're sure
you
