blessed and beautiful would have never
made it without you god I love you god I
love you I love you I love you phone one
two three go bye Alex I see you man I'm
not really good transitioning in these
vlogs but right now I'm in Chicago this
is my teacher from language are
energized what you teach literature it's
hard to know what you teach and I don't
pay attention give me a little breakdown
of what kind of a student I was you can
focus your you spend 90% your time
arguing with me about why you should
never do work I suppose actually doing
work tell me about that time you kicked
me out of the classroom everybody else
want to study for the fall except for
you and you still wanted this girl now
because I don't need it
yeah but I didn't need it she said next
to me because I constantly yeah but you
would be nice but that's where everyone
turned in their tests and then I can't
be back in the vlogs with new Alex Alex
say something that only new Alex would
say old Alex sucks that is something you
would say say something cool
I'm picking up my brother from school
right now I haven't seen him in a couple
months
that's the wrong clip my bad guys ah
you're still small and cute where's your
sister she's still bigger and not that
cute you're eating carrots let's jump
you need junk food and there's this
something I just like recording little
kids who's ready for presents
you ready Toby open your eyes a brand
new gun open your eyes what is it it's
an iPod okay open your eyes it's a gift
card so you can download new songs on
her new high five it's cool right I'm
backing out liyan's still really bad at
stringing these locks together guys they
picked me up from the airport I'm trying
to convince Liza that it's okay for me
to buy a Tesla right now I'm trying to
convince David that if you buys a Tesla
right now you won't have anything to
look forward to what will you do if you
already have a Tesla what would I do if
I already I'd probably work out more buy
that car Alex that's nice that's nice it
stop stop stop what is your problem
you're panting like a dog
that's like a scratching fanfiction that
we're going to talk first
yeah whoa I'm kidding oh why just stop
light up aah
so how was your day that's good can't do
the our channel thanks for watching Ben
makes you like it subscribe tweet me at
david dobrik anything else to add lies
that oh my dears pretty good
you
