Oh David almost ran at this fire hydrant
okay there's a cone overhead see Alex I
just want you to hang out with me like
old times
I'm not waking you up what you want to
hang out where'd you just come from
downtown all that we're sitting here
what's in there Alex get so insecure
when I talk about it's not whispering
dude honestly your caps are actually
really small like honestly they're small
you're a fucking piece of shit
what
fuck yourself when you're out in public
do you think people say like oh stop
walking around with your small calf
muscles huh
what are you thinking about right now
new exercises for your captain yes yeah
just see how you feel about it
hey I'm David I'm really stupid
I'm Davey I'm stupid look at me I'm
wearing a sweater when it's fucking like
90 degrees outside what's the update on
their orphan situation yeah for being
offensive okay so you get things handed
to you cuz you're a narc is it okay if I
make orphan jokes kind of like yeah
everyone's been making fun of orphans
since I please take my ship think of the
orphans are they like Sierra you're the
orphan I'm gonna tase Alan right now I
don't volunteer to this everybody this
is this is Alan's idea not mine I here
we go good it's a real thing ready yep
all right here we go that one's fucked
your whole fucking body just like locked
aah
so you're saying it was right here where
it hurt ladies and gentlemen makes you
go like it subscribe to allens videos he
did another deed he's the champ
oh fuck can I taste it I want to do it
why can't i kz you have heart problems
what do you mean you have heart problems
my ex-girlfriend broke up with me like a
year ago and I'm still not over kuranes
buzzing go get your food go get food
you gonna get your food is that a blow
pop do that thing dude I think yeah I
need someone to smoke a cigarette way
Yohe if someone like hit on Carina right
now would you kick their ass
no why not Alex in on Carina pretty my
girlfriend this Oh that'd be cool we put
stuff like that in the vlog that's in
but why is it in the video what you
learn in schools on my channel yeah I
was talking about the boobs I doubt it
like I decided to know about boobs so no
comments just a girl yeah but she's good
I've decided that instead of lives and I
just jumping straight into the outro we
talked a little bit hung out on the
beach house that's it for today's vlog
thanks for watching Keenan make sure you
like it subscribe tweet me at david
dobrik anything else to add Liza oh and
they
I do it
you
