I can smash any trick to cross my path
the fastest pull-up game in history yeah
I would too if all I have to do is pull
out to it you've been hanging out with
Jason's mom all day taught her a little
something ready to show everybody what
was the most difficult part of learning
that song not having a dick because I
couldn't we'd late having my dick yeah
he broke Charley's love I'm gonna cut
her right now you're super dry got a
fire extinguisher behind you
glass is obviously look like a loser
he's just kidding so joining me leave
the house for an hour and now we're
going back as he's surprised for me
okay I'm gonna catch you guys up to
speed while I was out of the house Joana
went to Home Depot and hired Luis and
Javier we got to get rid of this gate he
had them remove my side gate to my
backyard after they were done with that
they raided my fridge and proceeded to
celebrate after some heavy drinking they
decided to drive the car up the steps
through the gate and onto my lawn so
then I decided to drive the car straight
up to speed Jason and I are here should
we come down the street there's a truck
outside my house it's pulling away in
three two one this is really
irresponsibly awesome what I really
appreciate is you driving over my five
dollar carpet too much work to take the
carpet off it's too much
what's inside the car I took off my
fucking shoes how many times have I told
you this is a shoes off house sad below
every night okay
