now let's I moved to LA June 4th we're
gonna be hanging out every day every
hour every day every hour dude imagine
that would think neck just hanging out
Alex hey Alex Alex oh my god oh my god
that is insane oh oh my God look how
small that pier is yeah it gets bigger
once you get through that kind of like
outs his penis houses PST is the same
and never gets bigger are you tired of
walking around and standing well you can
get your tears right here get your
chance great you have no single riders
no no you guys are all 13 do you guys
have any advice for a guy who's looking
for a girlfriend
what do you take away from those 13
yards well I fucking hate 13 year olds
can you be my documentary oh yeah it's
about AT&T 18 what changing the world
you ain't there no thank you tiny
inexpensive I brought Alex here as a
little surprise to him Alex do you know
what we're doing here if you have to
take your gas for would it be taking a
puppy a puppy sit down on the floor yeah
it's gonna be a puppy it's not a puppy
to sit out of our haircut yeah guys cost
uh-oh here it comes
what's your surgery for I'm getting so I
have like metal and my hips and legs I'm
getting that shit out show off yeah what
is TSA say about that well I'm like
extremely hot so they always do like
Security checks like in the back except
they end up fucking popping me oh you
got a nice view you probably haven't
seen it the hell it's funny would you
make fun of Gabby but will you make fun
of me it's like wow babies making fun of
a disabled person you're fucking big
you're not ready oh come on David hey
David open the door if you like boys
oh we're gonna tell everybody me and
Corinne are dating they opened the door
for me and Corinne are dating David son
of a bitch I've just been really getting
into stuffed animals lately hell yeah so
I'm just trying to get some homes just
pick any of these fucker the extra small
they get these it says it feels like
nothing's there which also isn't the
best way to promote condoms come on come
on that's probably broken now it looks
so different when I record cuz all you
see is just people's dicks what do you
want
Marci thinking of something something
fruity
what is that bleach Wow look how cool
this is on top of here look at this what
is that I can't see shit
Alex look how cool is it isn't that cool
Wow listen how deep Nick's voice is now
Nick talk yeah its new growth hormones
they're just going straight to his voice
a Nick really wants to be a thumbnail
there's only one way to go about this
mix the thumbnail Nick's gonna be the
thumbnail I want to be the thumbnail
baby before I had this violin I let
everyone know that there's a pimple
developing right here on my mouth like a
chick Kayla would you like to subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik funny before
david did that so that's is laughing so
at that time but yes I do have something
to add David you guys wanna know why amp
stirs always get sick why because they
cough and then they try to cover it up
but there's like this
you
