all right Alex and I have been driving
on the airport for like 25 minutes now
looking for Dom I don't know what to do
what do you what should we do I think we
should do that thing other thing oh man
I wish I had some weed me too
hey Dom like kid shampoo do it smells
bad serious what does it smell like when
my daddy says grab my balls
what yeah but now I get rashes cuz I
don't get I don't clean up that well
scrub daddy this reminds me of good
smelling shampoo
Alex night are picking up saying from
the airport right now I did get a little
up beautiful what beautiful here what's
up your house you're flying dude I'm so
drunk right now I got to the airport God
God forbid I grow my beard out just a
tiny bit fucking they look at my ID and
I'm the random fucking search they go
one they go one two three ten ten ten me
I'm the fucking tape yeah
deal don't fucking get me excited make
that fucking hit I can't he's getting
moist for you okay that's fine I won't
like my ladies collected yeah yeah well
my lips let me just freshen up a little
bit no there's that quick pack you guys
want to see a magic trick
yeah alright he's measured tic tacs
right none in here nothing nothing
nothing in here there's no tic tacs
nothing no what if I say the magic words
ready come down here magical words
whoa she's really crazy yeah how do you
think I did that I don't know I'm having
a good day
I'm having a good day I'm having a good
day and there goes
to go to my the reason are vlogging
together isn't organic anymore is
because re bugs used to be organically
hanging out and now it's like fuck I
need to get footage the night before my
vlog let me get something quick and now
it's not real no it's not it's not real
it's not preferred like I prefer to hang
out with someone else but I think life
is busy right now invading ether off at
some club he's joking but it hurts cuz
it's too true
people probably think we're kidding with
all this one thing you wish you could
change about yourself about me yeah I
feel like I volunteer too much I read
that somewhere I was the funny one time
when Eliza and David first started
dating I spent a solid 20 minutes
convincing Eliza that David told me once
anybody was gay and I always do that
shit just a mess of people and then I
forgot to tell her that I was applying
so like six hours later she brings it up
again she's like this has been today's
brought to you by fake friendship and
forced presence by Gabby
lend me yourself to sleeping with one
guy tonight okay boom what's up beige
Cal welcome to my apartment what are we
about to do watch always ends up being
Eliza's place for some reason why
because what it's a fine place what do
you mean it was a fight wise that's a
rock they tried to Monica makes you like
a subscribe Queenie at david dobrik
anything else they advise that god
what's that supposed to be fake she you
must feel
we chase
would be wasted
