next guy to make our Tom gets $100
apparently there's a surprise for me
come in that mean to be my pitches we do
whatever you want we'll do whatever I
want
yeah so we just met John John is saying
that his girlfriend is a big fan of the
vlogs and he wants to go surprise her
normally when we surprise people the
reactions aren't too crazy but John is
saying that she's gonna go crazy because
she's a really really big fan right she
gives a good reaction were great if she
doesn't give a good reaction we shoot
John with a paintball gun deal I'm gonna
be praying that your girl is happy to be
okay what's up guys so I'm here with
pardons entire family and some of my
friends say hi we're gonna try to pull a
trick on bard on that I saw on Twitter
Vince their younger siblings
Mardon if you're here grab this from my
hand
can I tell you something we saw you the
entire time we took the picture earlier
I felt so bad did you actually think you
were invisible yeah you weren't though
you
from the dance there we go
