what about you can't smoke in there so
give everyone the bad news the whole
blog thing is just not working out for
me I leave tomorrow I'm moving back to
Florida
how long you moving back for ten days
family
why go shootin fishing go shooting your
family he shoots his family beef before
I like didn't care about smoking but now
he's super serious about everything yeah
Tom Tom tell me a new chance I'm smoking
see this is my last one Shane told me
that you want to help me with the rack
same told me that he won best selfie
with the rock earlier and he literally
kept saying a rock a rock Carly do you
want a selfie with a pebble damned n-no
guys can I get you guys in my vlog real
quick um how many times you're gonna
have to do the damn Daniel thing can you
do it one more time
we're on the red carpet for literally an
hour and the only guy I got was the damn
Daniel guy who st. John's room David the
response
hey guys no no wait just not the wrong
guys that's the rock that's not the
right that's a bra that's all right
yeah I'm the captain hook of Sowers
sabers right what does it taste like
what does it taste like do you get a
haircut I don't know no oh my god you
guys see that I attend the camera i turn
the camera off
what's wrong with your face right now
what's wrong with your face
no what's going on Liza yeah I think you
may be put toilet paper on your face on
accident Andy what Alex from the airport
it's kinda like picking up your dry
cleaning it's like really cool and
useful the first day but then like the
second day it's kind of like yeah I
should probably take it back now uber
for a cutie-pie people got so pissed and
I said you're moving you're going to see
your girlfriend Alaska does he really
have a girlfriend does he really have a
girlfriend are you guys dog since you've
been gone I should give you some updates
uh he quit smoking brought brand-new
shoes because I'm gonna start followed
and dude we can fall together I don't
cry what no ball in basketball do you
hear that my Luther King died no fucking
way
yeah Jesus whatever your friends told me
that you let your dog lick peanut butter
off your balls yeah what friend told you
that uh what are your friends over yeah
okay there's no way that could have
stopped that
thanks for watching Seth makes you like
subscribe three me at david dobrik Alex
and then I'll Stan give one kick for the
children go one tip to the children
don't put your tip in chill chat on home
Oh
