hey you know I'm saying we're just
chillin her Walmart he's got a brand-new
hat and he thinks he's a fireman you
okay dude I've never seen you actually
make fun of me dude razza good job dude
but you're actually I'd say that's
really flattering but it's coming from
you so really doesn't mean much David
makes a bomb has big Nick joke that get
it again hey spongebob bad now that
you're back you want to just start off
with some quick puns
what do something with that do something
with that just do something with it
hey David I can't read it it's too far
I'm fine okay what's the pun I need to
go get a cart real looks like it I got
you a cart wheel get it cuz the cart did
a cartwheel did you see that so let's
say I have to me let's say I lose this
tomato Oh No okay then I have next one
yeah what would you call it I don't know
a spare I guess he was like that's a
stretch you like it that's pretty bad
she's cute so she gets away with this eh
but I honestly what do you do together
what do you do to get hair like that and
that forms into a six-pack I can see
everybody in the comments each Oh Lord
what if Joe replaces Alex I can see that
can you think you can replace Alex Oh
shots fired
Alex Alex would never do that you're so
cool Joe Wow we love Joe we love Joe we
love Joe why was your door locked that
was laying down watching Netflix what
kind of a movie was a really good one
people think your name is Keith no I
know everybody fucks it up all the time
I get I get Keith health ugly oh my god
Alex why didn't you tell us you got a
nerf Brandi oh okay
hey guys thanks for watching make sure
to tweet me at David Dover and it's a
crisis my first let me say what's up
guys can we show you a joke there you go
nice good thank you guys
Joe is the improved version of you it's
not worth dragging you around when
there's a better look have you seen this
dress have you seen this Chester Joe
show Alex your chest hair because he I
don't think he believes us check us out
like check this out was
some people just don't give a damn
thanks for watching David makes you like
to subscribe tweet me x8 mr. brick
everything else bad my best friend yeah
I think what was that I was totally
kidding
you
