yeah I'm gonna go to Zane's have to poop
first you want to come now yeah thanks
for coming Alex anytime your fly is
really one sane and Gabi are moving in
together
oh do I not telling at this bathrooms
perfect curry doesn't have a mirror so
you don't have to be sad when you wake
up and see yourself if they're just
called mirrors Gabi that was a nice
place but there are two showers and
that's two more than you normally use
maybe taking the last vlog I won't I
don't want to become a baby dude what
are you gonna be called monster did his
dick was aborted that's how bad that's
how small whoa Keith likes abortion nice
no guys everyone likes a foreperson this
guy's son fuck dolphin hates homeless
people gay people and aborted I get an
abortion otherwise people would know me
bitch fun game is the worst they are the
better
so Cosmetics if you are late please come
in quietly yeah now hey you're like
really late
I got so sweaty during the whole thing
yeah you had seven beers how are you
planning to get home
did you drive I drove you drove you know
fucking dee dee dee dude what does that
mean doesn't it John no people in the
vlogs have been saying that you're just
smoking for the vlogs you don't actually
like smoking not I do it all the time
row what do you mean it's why I am do
you like all the time all the time dude
for sure yeah
the people wanna hire you right
oh my god
at least I'm in sparking smoking because
he's next to look so cool was I mean do
you guys know what was I mean you guys
guys know Jesus Christ
Alex I want to come hang out big Nick
why don't you run have a big Nick I just
don't want to just a little bit - come
on no I'll give you a belly rub there's
better be one good fucking belly oh my
god now do a flip
that's ridiculous
thank God you brought another one we
were running it out I'm nervous
what don't hit your head oh my god it's
like seeing a giraffe in person yeah do
you know where Nick is
no Nick Nick oh Jesus yo Nick hey Meg
stop you're gonna turn him on again it
goes there's a white ghost where in my
room that's rock thanks for watching
Cassie it makes you like subscribe tweet
me at david dobrik hangout sad Alex
anything outside okay Alex you got me
Lucy I can explain
