what's up guys welcome back to my blog
all words is not 30% off
it's the description why did you stop
because I went like this no one cuz I
have incredible reflexes nice for 300
pounds so it's really hated but see
Nabil okay that looked really convincing
like he's actually tired of the bitch no
I'm seriously David I don't want to do
this anymore what are these two tattoos
means Eric's girlfriend's names your
actual girlfriend
when was the breakup two years ago and
once you get the tattoo
this is Kristen and Jax and they're here
to try out my brand new treadmill
did anybody approach you from being in
my videos at all once from behind and
took my wallet
we should talk business Howie okay let's
talk about I'll talk about anything
except this what is that I can't talk
about that you can't talk about it oh I
get it now it's the outfit in the room
Jason line that catch on to that before
what to the elephant in the room
Jason's assistant has her final day
today so we're gonna go get her a cake I
guess use a credit card don't spend a
lot of money on my card
I'm being serious not even for the blog
okay how much did you spend I got her
know some blue label it's two hundred
and seventy two dollars I know it bums
you out at that light I bought her nice
and we don't even get to drink it yeah
so I got us something fries this is some
blue I bet you 20 bucks that could be in
a footrace the fastest kids in high
school you're definitely adding an extra
ass in that word on your marks get set
go that was pretty quick but first
between you and Alex's you have to go
nap for seven hours now my two dads in
the vlog what's poppin how's everything
I've never wanted to be less a part of a
club now they're gonna be a dad are you
gonna give up acting and the whole thing
yeah now I will what the toughest part
about being a bad just like caring is
their kid gonna be spoiled like for a
sweet 16 is he gonna get a car a used
car oh shit you guys have been bred what
are you gonna hire nanny for your kid
who's that
fuck that's the way we do it hey hey hey
with the fuck up I'm about to tear this
fucking pussy ass down man from each
fucking destroy him my friend wants to
fight you so I think we're here you said
it sense at 11:00 though right it
depends how much pussy you got on a
shower at a fraternity no I'm good
oh you're a pussy you drink in four
years Cervantes watching Gracie makes
you like and subscribe tweet me at david
dobrik guys my friend ilya is about to
arrive from Chicago
Oh
