big Sour Patch Kids aren't those just
sour patch adults you literally almost
puke
hi Jeff there doesn't talk alright bring
down for me what you have to do yeah
well your job is right now
she literally holds a sign up and holds
it back and I put my stuff in my back
this is so disgusting I was so weird
they had little thirteen-year-old girls
carrying thanks for us that doesn't make
sense
Kristen was running these shoes insane
guys when you have to dress up but you
have to fight the gladiators that's a
house heated blankets what David David
huh what are you doing nothing
that's a heated blank yeah Oh yo chill
be careful she has a boyfriend so I got
up on my grind you ever been in these
for a long time what have you been up to
working at Walmart yeah new job wise you
wanna get these what you trying to beef
into Liza you ain't yogurt or frozen
yogurt frozen yogurt frozen yogurt
awesome yeah they've eight cups of
frozen yogurt it's a new segment called
David and Alex go to college we're
looking for a girlfriend these two can
be his girlfriend no no but that's not
gonna stop Alex wait I want to interview
Kai interview are you sure I did college
people are friendly in college - I want
to give everyone a tour of like college
but like everyone goes to school except
us so basically we're the only ones that
find this amusing we've been here for 45
minutes now no sign of a girlfriend well
you can come in he's just looking for a
girlfriend do you do you want to be a
girlfriend people what about people in
that room you want a boyfriend
where are you taking us right now dude
take it everybody to our frat um this is
our first frat party Alex really yeah
let me guess we have to jump over a
fence before we get there everyone say
we love Alex whoa Alex no no it's that
easy what do you guys have to say about
student loans
has been used under Leah damn you have
rich parents hell yeah
oh you're flirting Thanks hey would you
would you date him if you had to oh my
god College well you got really close he
sure made us more about himself other
than their issues we should be like a
joke about how long he didn't have like
kind of desserts to be a little selfish
but he has to be a scumbag and talk
about his shoes why do you want audition
to be an Apple employee because okay
what's your favorite apple product
galaxy no no no no that's not an apple
product you know what an apple product
is yeah no that's an apple can you just
stop my parrot I'll blow up my entire
Apple aren't you glad I'm sure I'm sorry
I gotta go
that's a potato's mark thanks for
watching Molly it makes you like
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik Liza
Apple
