thanks for pushing me in I mean I hate
to be in your blog yeah I'm not even mad
yeah everyone in the vlog has been
wondering if you're dating Karina
oh absolutely fucking not why she's
fucking disgusting why should disgusting
I went touch Karina with a seven foot
pole all the jobs will not get it off
the George Takata yeah what do you mean
he and Scotty just yes you wave to me
could be my new girlfriend
Liza stop it was a joke Liza Liza Liza
that was the bravest thing anyone has
ever done oh no you're painting with big
dreams hey go go the thing she can't
make any more jokes she's freaking out
something funny oh no
feels like I'll have to kill off your
character in the vlogs I'm sorry because
it can't be wise if you can't produce
good content I can't keep you around so
you're gonna kill me yes no don't help
people it's not telling people what are
you doing
holy cow are you practicing pegs for
next year's LA Marathon how long have
you been practicing this guy's doing a
marathon nice okay yeah today yo I lied
to him shit
aw jeez I can't honey you can put them
back now no no it was good we did it
yeah I'll put it back it's a Alex Oh be
a fuck-boy cat what a fuck be a fuck-boy
cat get food what are you up to
that's freaking me I really just
expected something about cigarettes get
over it okay I'm sorry what are you
doing later I think he's hungry no no no
no he's hungry he oh this one really hit
home with me so comment on your
Instagram I let me let me hear it you
looked hella hot now all you do is drink
and smoke and David's vlogs you're fat
and ugly and your hair looks like shit
Jesus do you agree with that it's rough
right
I'm portions well portions do you agree
way you looked hella hot Gaby tell us
about your new friend Barry Styles hi
Barry
where you from Barry Nantucket why'd you
come here and now Gabi yeah how much is
that does it come with an order of fries
that's it for today's vlog thanks for
watching Ashley it makes you like to
subscribe tweeting me at david dobrik
anything outside guys we have no we have
no outer ideas
do you realize that you need to think of
an outro three times a week for the rest
of your life
protects seven a year
