no same you here yeah oh Jesus my bet
it's gotta Scottie here yeah why I was
down here what's the plan that's the
purple Power Ranger whoa faint vitam
we're here with big movie star as of
yesterday
they're wrong oh yeah wrong with some
user Wagner Julius a fine one frame one
great but it was the best frame because
we took a picture I got you guys I know
you guys actually why you guys are in
the blog
hey that's for you yeah yeah I am I just
got to fix my hair first
you got a rabbit no Carol my head you
have a rabbit on your hair Malik you got
some girlfriends go hell drug it over
there why are you so shy vegans make
better lovers you want to get a burger
yeah let's go get a burger that's with
me I'm doing everyone various there's
the heat what have you been up to
I just been sitting over there smoking
then I came over here you're a pretty
cool Graham all right she's pretty
though
can you give me an impression of her
grandma are you Jackie I I wouldn't
self-proclaim you I'm saying like what
if a cop sees this dude shouts I'm a
fucking Popo out there I don't Biggs
Jakes whatever you want to call it
remember you can't sell drugs to cops
crooked that's how much fun this thing's
been having today I do I put it there
what are those in swag boy pants so just
to be sure yeah man you look pretty
stylish Carly can you pass me my phone
and so on right on the table over there
Kirby Oh God Scotty and Xena are so
funny when they're drunk like rocks but
I don't think it along here do they
drink so much it's ridiculous what
my what's going on okay that's not even
realistic look how stupid this is honest
if I saw someone wearing this at school
I probably just kicked their ass
am i right it just kind of looks stupid
doesn't it yeah I still need to do the
breast feed lactose intolerant out of
all the beans I see in the world and
trust me I'd be the lab places these are
my favorite piece my favorite piece my
fav up ec3 oh my god what are you doing
ah
are you jokester that's it for today's
vlog thanks for watching Jake yeah
what's up
hermaphrodite hermaphrodite yeah it's a
person with a penis and a vagina doesn't
everybody have that that's it for
today's vlog thanks for watching Jake
makes you like subscribe tweet me at
Davis Tobruk I think out that Alex I am
anything else add else are we doing huh
