yeah Heath what are you doing I'm gonna
kill you I don't why do you always
record me when I'm outside smoking cuz
you're always outside smoking put it out
I don't want you just put the cigarette
I feel like people need to see a
different side of you just put it out
good finally
look how you look I've never seen you
dressed up this much not even for a
meeting
give me that I just bought a new pack of
cigarettes walking talking about all the
way from there into that Cup
go throw it back in the vlogs you always
do that exhale be Portland that's how
you think about what you're gonna say
you go now it's what's 2+2 yo why are
you sitting in the front don't know you
don't get special treatment just because
the door works you stay back there ok
this is how you'd be trafficking I lied
just follow an ambulance it's the best
thing pop up just getting better
what are your complaints recently you
recorded me when I look fat he's always
recording me when I look fat I can't
really complain why are you wearing
shades he starts out I mean it ends up
being about here why you could be nav√§ge
from here what do you want to talk about
honest I never have anything funny to
say you guys having me funny to say the
most inopportune times are you ready now
No here hey sky what's up he von tiehl
infection you know are you ought to be
smoked you in your bronchitis no feel
like I'm strengthening my lungs for next
time so I don't get it so now I'm gonna
be like okay well I've dealt with it and
smokes I'm gonna scare Liza this is
gonna be tricky I've never done it from
you
you're pretty terrified yeah Cody go
yeah you're good in three now what have
you been doing how have you been
grooming that beard I've been buying a
brush that you would use for horse hair
that's horse shit what have you been
actually doing how much doing you see
what I did that it's never the joke who
said sups I don't know what that has to
do with sandwiches hi guys
lyza there's a reason they call it the
menu and that the woman you hey Gabi is
this your favorite balloon good luck
getting it now
Gabi yeah what's up motherfuckers Gabi
your YouTube video sucks oh my god
alright that's it for today's vlog makes
you like and subscribe to me I David
okay that's it for today's vlog thanks
for watching glory that makes you like
subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik anything else
that guys
