hey guys Gabi just hit a million
subscribers on YouTube
we'll be there in four hours and 20
minutes so we've all we got stopping to
have the cameras off we actually
stopping to be okay but can we stop for
a cigarette
yeah what are you doing out as a fans
oh you want to be a family here older
yeah why so I could stay cool Liza and I
are running late to follow boy concert I
think it was her fall no it was not
right David what happened tell them what
happened
I saw another car okay well that's it
this is a beautiful view I mean it would
be it wasn't for that freakin bridge
blocking the city maybe something it's
really important to me yeah what here
what song should I put in that time
what's your favorite part about bridges
getting over them let's go it looks
nothing like the actual full house house
looks like the fake full house house
house basically at the place where they
filmed like the intro full house and if
you know full house you know if you're
here you wouldn't be able to resist
doing this
when you lost out there
to carry
back to Los Angeles I was a little tired
so I let Eliza Drive I woke up to Liza
driving 30 miles in the wrong direction
driving with Liza no it's your mom
candles now I need to get cigarettes out
I was asking if I can have your card but
you're driving
I'm not drunk I'm fucking bent though
then what does that mean what does that
mean these antibiotics got me fucking
lit bro fine you literally just pulled
me out twisted you er no no I said bed
not how do you feel about saving alive
you didn't save a life you just pissed
me off I swear for you I'll do it Zayn
are we going out I was doing you know
things got freaky when Todd he's wearing
our children what was he pretending to
be a teenage girl I hear this picture
dad again this picture quick oh this is
a really good thumbnail okay you ready
everyone ready ready for the picture
it's a video
yeah you I got you I got you I got you
gonna be something yeah yeah that's it
for days dog thanks for watching our
make sure you like subscribe
creepy active at Dover and it costs to
add here how about this I'll add
something give me this hold this
a hand
ha
