ooh alex is naked you had sex with him
when he was sleepy wake up I woke up
inches and I know you were waking oh my
god just a long blink we have both
consented to having sex with each other
unconscious you know what the word on
the street is huh neither you're gonna
be a dad do you want a girl or boy
really don't go to college
look at me yes we're dropping Joan off
at home don't you see when we go up to
the door they're like hey Jonah you want
to come through the drive-thru again
just get nine quarters oh my god what I
would do to you you're in a room alone
it's not that hard it's awful Jason's
mom is a really big fan of America's Got
Talent
I'm here with how one of the best judges
on the show hopped or for sure it brings
mom in here how he's gonna hide behind
the clothes and he's gonna scare her
first I gotta put this bag over put this
over your head when I said call me if
you ever need anything
isn't exactly what I got it you came
yesterday because you want you are next
box you have to earn it
we haven't done a paintball competition
in a while I didn't hurt him I probably
never do I do so I thought else you're
gonna have to shoot three different
targets off Jonah's stomach if he shoots
the three targets you both get Xbox ones
two one fire one more house one more
Cirie's walking scottson cat which you
like it subscribe to me at david dobrik
i know a lot of you guys are probably
bummed out no one got hurt so this is
for you guys that was fun but no one end
up getting shot you know what that means
did it feel like six times you got
stabbed anytime that is brutal
