and that's how weird it would be someone
walked in right now I'm throwing the
first pitch at the Cubs game and now
he's from YouTube
I mean we're also gonna say throwing out
the first pitch David door big
that's a chicken Jeffrey lucky
they're gonna take it back after the
pitch every game looks intimidating
okay
baby you got
I want you to the first pitch ball baby
shut the fuck up
yeah it's actually the one you throw
yeah this is alright you doing that she
was just going like this to me wow you
work out are you serious no she was
looking at me she's like wow do you
imagine that's a girl if he was like
feeling up a girl how would that make
you feel this is like you get plastic
surgery I got earlier same drop crumbs
on Trish's boob and then he went like
this this is Ian from Sikhi this is the
guy that makes all the deals possible
g-give answer is talking something sarah
fix you like to subscribe tweet me at
David Dover today is over and now it's
time for the toughest part and that's to
get drunk heath home you like my vlogs
there's so much better get the cars out
of your wall on the scanner I got it hey
you guys think I'm fucking stupid
episode 9 with the $20 bill that's 2 $20
see the desert race here the dessert
tray is here we'll take the law
