now you ready to go any tall trees what
do you what do you mean what's that well
there's no reason really about Toby
who's your favorite sister that's
tercera it's a tough right cuz they both
suck I asked her telling me about your
YouTube channel what do you guys do on
there
on your YouTube channel do you guys
compete and who can post source video
for you or is that just how like ends up
being doesn't focus the balls are hard
to focus on even though it's all about
that with that about what so Teresa
gumballs no I
dude I didn't stop I think I just
realized you know the basement I'm like
where the most spoiled kid in the Oracle
Tyler talk about Mike's mom real quick
there's a lot of cocaine so she got into
really fast
well there is or do mother lon
and then Michael came out look how
perfect is here's the result of cocaine
and stuffing david dobrik oh my god
give me a commune in a straight lines
watch us walk like this like this why
why are you filming this
yeah go
nice way to use the wall Haley is a
girlfriend she looks good she looks cold
she's probably freezing yo guys this is
a nicest remember Teresa what's up so
you know your taxi you're good thanks
you want to be a badass kid oh my god
Ilya what the fuck dude Donald Trump is
such a small dick that's why he writes
his name is such a big fine I think I'm
kind of needs viagra just a sex each
other I don't know Ellie about a
homeless woman food and I'm recording
this 104 not just for the booze guys
make sure you guys like and subscribe
for all these good deeds that I'm doing
I'm gonna miss you guys thanks for
driving to the airport if you guys want
guys guys
I just got off my flight I was on Spirit
Airlines and I think someone's asked us
before about I'm not sure but why would
you name an airline after something that
you become when you die something's like
a bunch of poop lot I didn't know the
flight from bitch feet landing at the
same time as me bitch what's up you know
cute what did you get for Christmas uh
Santa gave me some gift cards
Santa's not retail Alex this is dude
that Santa gave me some gift card Alex
Santa's not real I'm not gonna go over
this with you again he's that real dude
yeah whatever you just closed-minded I
doubt him 19 years old and you still
believe in Santa Claus shut up the
moment of truth seeing if time fucked up
our house smells like fish yeah what the
hell's going on
I honestly can't tell if you make fish
everyday or if you have a little pond of
fishes swimming around the living room
it smells like shit in here guys I know
this was short but that's because I was
getting on my flight and I was thinking
about Alex that's it for today's vlog
thanks for watching Dominic make sure
you like subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik anything else
at alex is sleeping but he says
something really inspirational every
time i wake him up watch Alex wake up
Alex Alex wake up dude
say something inspirational subscribe to
this YouTube channel because he doesn't
make boring videos like a lot of other
fucking boring motherfuckers on this
website Wow Wow
