so I'm going to move with you right now
I'm going to teach you guys how to get
free popcorn a hundred percent of the
time in movie theaters a large popcorn
is the one that has free refills so all
you have to do is be on the lookout boom
booyah large popcorn bags to get event
to reveal it stick your finger in it
this way you can ask for a brand new bag
so you don't have to use the same old
disgusting bag
where is it where is it Mia where is it
oh here it is
Tobey open your present what does it say
- my favorite sibling love love David
Wow
what is your say and then it says kind
of love David what is your say you're
adopted not really but whatever I love
David no that's not how it goes because
you're adopted
period not really but whatever love
David
so this is like one of your favorite
things in the office right are you
actually alright stop Dave Dave come on
dude fighting for my dad all right there
for my dad you bought these scissors
your dad fucking swear to god I'll
fucking hit you in the face David I will
fuck you up I swear to god I know like
your thing in your head like I'm gonna
doing that I'm gonna buy a new one don't
do it
what yeah mister the trestles I don't
want to miss the ping
we found a lot of fireworks from when we
were younger so it's it's time it's time
right damn could you at least act like
you've a personality
this same firework decapitated a person
I think it's over there's only one way
to tell me to smell it I think that
wasn't in my I probably didn't going
down slow because he's Asian he barely
has them poorly shaved is this like one
of those topics that you seen those dog
commercials in
yeah
probably ocean currents minute you stop
play with put it back with cage it's
getting annoying Nick thank you but is a
little smell bad everything come out
your with you - OH
what's up fuck dude you gotta eat your
vegetables fucking pay hundred ten
dollars to get in this bitch thanks for
watching Samantha make sure you like
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik
that's been a question sir l steadfast
me netball of course there's always
something up that
Jessica
