by Jason's parents what's up guys I'm
with my family my parents don't like
being in the videos so that's all I'll
bury you see that guy in the back that's
my dad he's raised me since I was a
little boy I'm talking about when I was
even cuter than I am now look at this
Jesus Christ what a cutie so today I
decided to buy him his dream car and
what better way to do it then with a
little help from my friends and Sikhi
seeking is an app that helps you buy
tickets and literally the easiest way
possible
you've seen them help my friends get
brand new cars today CG's gonna help me
surprise my dad with a brand new BMW m2
so please if you ever need to buy
tickets for anything click the link in
my description use a promo code David
and you'll get $20 off your first
purchase I called my mom and I'm like
I'm like I'm getting dad a car and she's
like no he's not going to give you a
reaction what do you think my dad's
reaction is gonna be pissed ah he'll
come out he'll go oh
BMW huh thank you giving me this and I
feel nothing let's go let's go
yeah my dad do to deserve this you
kidding me you put his dick in your
market okay Jesus this is supposed to be
a heartwarming video yeah I'm just gonna
skip the whole car behind Park just know
that it was a lot of paperwork and a lot
of master negotiators I want to get this
car for my dad my life control wow these
are good shoes I'm here at a history
this brought me start seeing the
American National Anthem have fun trying
to deport me now catch me again
see
shit it's the cops I know you are you
doing doughnuts in the parking lot over
there
we were just getting a shot of it I did
want ice done with that finish yeah
please what do you think of this car
