guys don't follow are you tired we're
documenting this journey because we have
a person from Norway here and she
doesn't speak English
she's here for a week awesome awesome
we'll welcome to the USA Universal
Studio you're pregnant no no the fucking
one the beauty I'll Debbie have you ever
been in there probably not what can you
grab those carrots in the back over
there well there's not much room
Debbi have you read that no we should
try dice this is what scientists predict
that Jesus looked like like according to
science but actually kind of looks like
you without a beard dude are you yeah
actually you're going to heaven yeah
can I bring Gabby no why what the fuck
is this with a fan earth that you were
talking about drawing yourself and
putting on your wall we've never seen
one the holidays and we just wanted to
put it on camera so that we would have
it right I got a gift and I got it for
Gabby
Oh for me and she's been meeting these
and I know how much you love to dance
Sweden you definitely needed it we've
all kind of talked about it are these
diet pills oh my god David that is so
true and now take four of these and you
can probably dance better this way to
Santa Alex it's just the phallic it's
not real
fucking is still in business what are
you looking for what are you looking for
you don't want trying to look for water
balls okay I'm only getting one of these
because like only the cool kids read
this and then I want to go to school I
just want you to be like okay I'll
practice go sub Chen Steven can sit with
you guys today at lunch nice yeah yeah
good question how do these things in
them all ever make any fucking money
I'll be good off their case guys watch
this watch it
cool huh no all right guys that's it for
today's vlog make sure you like and
subscribe thanks for watching Mario
tweet me at david dobrik anything else
dad there's David over
