tired of sleeping right now and I have
these fake hey guys
Todd sleepy and I'm nine years old
I haven't seen this gun in literally
forever a piece yeah I love this used to
go to the emergency rooms of the
hospitals and say I was in a terrible
helium accident I would tell them I'm
going to see downtown right now I'm
super nervous super uncomfortable it has
a banner outside the darker part oh my
god
team meeting teammate Mike Saddam Khan
2018 it's about to be a movie I'm going
to jail it's okay David's got it covered
um you guys go out there have fun
remember I have nothing to do with this
security what are you guys gonna do when
the cops come
/ chanting chlamydia how much stuck up
with Jonah right now a grand well what
do you mean hook up look his butthole 20
grand you look who's about hole yeah
that's Patricia hole or the money can I
have a slice of pizza yeah you're good
thanks
she always does this wait why are you
wearing lipstick why'd you put on
lipstick because beautiful that's nice
that's how my favorite color it's purple
my favorite changes there you go
all right forgot something hold on come
up coming I need to grab something okay
you guys ready
oh I'm surprising you that was cool with
it
really yeah some cock shit your dad
joined an actor
why are you so like frazzled that's
turns off you stop seeing as II miss
you'd like to subscribe tweeting me at
David Dover guys we're going to the MTV
VMAs red carpet today and I know how
hard it is picking out an outfit so
tonight I did Jason a favor and picked
his outfit for him
you control Trisha please her outfit
choice is not the best for all the fine
people work at TSA let's give it a good
show we appreciate your service
