we're the only ones here they have a
coffee every time you caught there's a
p53 they don't have like ketchup packets
just laying around well there's a couple
sleeping over there
I hope there's more fries there's my
Liza
the fuck is problem with you I'll meet
you inside
why do you know in your mind me off
what Oh princess no a crazy fucking
bitch that ruins everyone's lives that's
pretty cool
what is that oh cool love is all around
you
hey man what's your name should I get
these Liza wait let's get the fuck out
of here
Liza where we going Coldplay concert
unfortunately again because the first
time they couldn't play all their songs
I was like they had another one special
one dollar what that score doesn't make
sense
oh my god lies a look rocks gonna go
play with ya this rock
importer and wholesale we have move and
I are filming a YouTube video okay this
is from David Hoyt and it's would you
rather get a giant dick tattooed on your
neck or get a small tattoo of each other
on your butt cheek let's pretend like we
don't have small tattoos of each other
on our butt cheeks already and now it's
personal probably get a small tattoo of
each other on our butt cheeks or that's
what I would choose and that's what I
would do - okay would you rather lose
your family or lose your followers it's
the stupidest thing in the world why
would I want to lose my followers I'm
gonna link the full video down on
Scotty's and then you guys can see the
rest of it's gonna be fucking hilarious
right so hilarious
take it easy dude that wasn't that funny
you know cigarettes killer right yeah
don't put that in there he doesn't want
anyone to know that it's million fuck
Heath why are we as sporting good store
this is the worst place you can buy a
pack of cigarettes each what is this
it's a cock ring oh yeah what do they
sell yarmulkes here
oh no that's a Rasta beanie you put your
dreads in it
these are probably the stupidest bells
ever dumbbells you dumbbells hey Gabby
do you want you want to play we please
play so Gabby got this new thing case
that when you're taking pictures in the
dark you can do this all we care about
because what are we transformers Robots
in Disguise oh that you gave that you
made what the name
and everyone says you're not talented I
that's it for today's Bob thanks for
watching Christie that makes you like to
subscribe
David oh no need to comment I don't need
that but I'm anything else dad anything
positive to add
