I think it's recording no stopping
anytime
yeah look no faces and personality just
like the gabbie show the ultra skinny
suit Jesus
the mean greets over here I'm here now
she changed the location Gabi decided to
take my advice on adoption holy shit
daddy how'd you get up in that /
ice-cream sundae guys we gotta come back
on Sunday you're right you're right
that's probably won't work it's nice how
that conquer tastes why disgusting bars
in front of my friends our apartment
writes letters and this one's too dear
resident what about the human residence
we're gonna some event and apparently
Bruno Mars performing Romeo when you're
on AT&T what are you what's the first
thing you're gonna been binge watch why
me I'm a minor youtuber so shitty wine
she's like wife material yeah I deleted
my tinder to that just because I want to
find a wife that's exactly why you have
to enter Alex Alex said it smells like
school in here but I've no fucking idea
what stores
and you're probably used to it am i
right
they don't even keep them locked up here
they're just like leave them sitting
Little John he's performing well John
goes if you got work tomorrow morning
make some noise Alex turns to us and he
goes we're in and out and Chris somehow
manages to get alcohol into this drink
how do you fuckin do it
oh hey Chris can you come here for a
second you're on fuck
no I'm just kidding this is an
intervention you have to stop drinking
curse shots everybody shops Jesus just
water I that's it for today's vlog
thanks for watching Sydney makes you
like and subscribe between me at david
dobrik anything else other than you
Chris and invite us to that fucking
Purell
