any questions I have one there's a lot
of funny and talented people on vine so
I was just wondering your opinion on big
Nick what do you I mean you guys are on
YouTube or vine or finer yeah you don't
even doing what our YouTube but dabble
YouTube fuck no baby he's so good at
doing yeah I've seen all your videos
really funny guy
who hey what's a bit steve-o and this is
Oh David oh yeah big Nick was such a bad
Viner that they're gonna give him a
sideboard but they gave him one of these
hey stop clowning around a bunch of damn
vlogs it's painful okay
you Andre Nemec pain to pass time
because I love silence what's almost
better than silence David's video I'm
putting on the spot right now are your
pranks fake 100% every single one of
them somewhere where lies has never been
before
what is your trick well Matt if you
can't throw
where where do you know him from mango a
mega watch what have you been doing on
omegle saying you saw his dick - right
oh come on originality on vine without
James boy they have it so long now it's
time to go to Mean Green meet all their
loyal power little fuckers Jesus
ooh Gabby may not be that very like
scary but just trust me Nick you're
pretty fucking disgusting scary I think
I think this is it
honestly I feel like New York is maybe
one of the dirtiest cities ever you are
actually right gonna get
nowhere to go gotta get another one hey
can you honk at me real quick just for
this video that was worth it I can go
backwards
officer quit horsing around right here
there's so much harder calling a taxi
New York guy it appears and I can't even
whistle so it's not fucking helping me
at all oh my god he had to do like the
easy work
Liza do you have any idea what that
building Paul it's the Empire country
building you obviously don't know
anything about New York
oh my bad I gotta run you forgot your
shirt and now you're on TV don't wear
shirts that's a good point
guess who's gonna get high on the
airplane we are we get is well what's
even in the pack that's a clock Jesus
how lazy can you get man what an asshole
fine
one more one more circle that's it for
today's vlog thanks for watching Teresa
Nicole make sure you like to subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik that looks like
some really good pizza way to eat this
sandwich oh we both came up with
different foods sandwiches stupid ass
