guys diamond have just gotten the
coolest toy ever look at this did you
even afford this hard work you stole it
yeah Olive Garden wine sample that's
amazing what's your wife's type rich
rich yeah so what's she doing with you I
do 12 grilled Nuggets any giant fat
cottage of Fame there's something that
I've been keeping a secret for six
months and the cats out of the bag a
little bit moment of truth Alex it's
been long enough do you have a
girlfriend funny isn't it huh yeah okay
ten years you think Chris is hot yes you
have Trish's private snapchat yeah
really yeah so you pay for her news how
much you pay a month for that
the venture oh shit oh man thank you
very much I've traveled to many exotic
locations because no cash only you can
pay pound me seriously yes
subway was good but I mean the best
prolong I ever had was Alex's tag what's
up guys I'm gonna go down there with my
tennis racket I'm gonna hit the tennis
ball have it bounce off here into the
bucket hey what's your favorite joke my
favorite joke is your air conditioning
in this car I'm sweating like a fucking
nobody sweating but for your vlog if I
died on your think that what is
happening is I'm pissing out of every
pore of my body I'm actually urinating
out of my hole
and here is the wittle puppy what's up
guys welcome back to my channel I'm
gonna be driving around Los Angeles
smile for thumbnail I wonder what he's
thinking around I spread like I wonder
who am i owner and wait till you fuckin
see we have a surprise for you from
Jason sorry about this this wasn't my
view well and that cool Gucci bag behind
you oh my god Jason leaving for the
weekend okay I'm gonna be gone for two
weeks
traps Jason into staying around because
he's got a rule method the dog
