what I want to say get on yeah it's okay
so David
there'll be no vlogging in my lobby hey
do you want to talk Oh what I don't
notice about your life everyone wants to
catch up with you do a girlfriend
boyfriend Ricky he's still here you guys
are crazy last night I never knew you
could cover an entire guy with
mayonnaise and you really like manage so
I guess that was cool again
one more thing too I think it was Paul
me and it's gonna Alex's radio is stolen
the other day and now I just sit in
silence Oh song references like that
it's good wrong it works you get these
these are super unhealthy get the fruit
version these are good for you should I
get the brownies or the peppers what
would Liza say with the peppers of fat
holy shit that's on exactly like Liza
Liza you look exactly at my friend Liza
oh what's your name
you actually the same name as wife Eliza
seven how old are you what's a pirate's
favorite cookie Chips Ahoy
no but we need to get the family size
cuz you know cuz your fan you'll
probably eat all of them motorcycle well
if they catch the other helmet
Liza Oh where'd she go I have an idea
Liza dinner oh there you are
I didn't who are you what do you want to
get Mentos or men fingers hey Liza you
want some animal crackers hey babe you
don't want vegetarian I think it's
already been tired yeah
Debbie's probably gonna steal and make a
vine though yes really well she steals
all her idea later that day all right
Debbie just texted me up it says is this
funny yeah
typical I can't piss Gaby off cuz she
said if I were piss her off she'll
delete the YouTube collab I did with her
and I can't let that happen so basically
what I did right when she told me that I
came here into my notes and I came up
with this idea whenever she sends me a
vine idea that I know it's completely
horrific trash I just come in here copy
that and that's it I'm still her friend
easy that's where we going I feel like
you say where we going but you never put
in the vlog you delay going on the set
of undateable
which is what alex is so you - I just
said that because you're really cute
it's like really hard to date you yeah
can someone explain to me how these
people put cows on a leash holy fucking
shit
this is where they make everything no
they don't no they don't make I'm till
today
I'm Jeff only are you Bellinger
I'm assistant to build their works my TV
hi that's it for today's vlog makes you
like to subscribe tweet me at David Ober
to watch a day double life no good luck
charlie
