okay so you went in the back your phone
is cracked and you told them I'll give
you a handjob if you give it to me for
free are you serious yeah shit you need
me to fix your fall okay so big Nick
just sent me this saying we out here
that's him right outside our place and
now we're gonna pull a prank on where to
start yelling and pretended like we
fucking hate him okay go down next time
we're gonna be here soon I can't fucking
stand Nick dude I'm tired of this
bullshit why did you let him come over
David I didn't fucking let him come over
I'm gonna go outside to the leasing
office and sort this out fucking hallway
you're so lazy
take off the trash I didn't want to why
can't I just leave it there Alex yeah
yeah you're right it does look pretty
fucking disgusting you guys ready I
don't know a freeze-frame
but Alex does you can't restrain me
later no not in real life in editing my
ass will be back okay witch for
Halloween because I'm magical no because
you're ugly as fuck magically holy Liza
what kind of candies that I know what
kind of candy look what look David David
David David Lord you can dress up as a
Gabby show
good luck finding your apples now Liza
do you like but stuff no like anything
but side also you like but stuff no
anything but stuff not stuff I hate
stuff why is it what are you getting god
I've been meaning to buy some chocolate
hey chief a rollercoaster I want pizza
alright see ya
nothing oh I'm mommy on Instagram it's
app are you gonna keep that in oh yeah
okay cool
okay I wanna get an Instagram shoutout
yeah right now I'm going to zan heats
new place my first time going it's
supposed to be a pimp-ass fucking place
so I'm fucking excited you have a fans
dude oh you guys haven't seen my house
yet dude that's how you know you made it
when you're a fucking dance
hurry up where the dog goes you have a
dog you have two dogs that's what
happens when you make it big on vine
make it slide did she give you dog vibe
on dog holy shit we haven't made
accounts with them yet this is our pool
no that's not we got a hot tub right
there we gave her a little area right
there well holy shit you guys are
fucking living the life what's up Karina
what are you watching
this girl is a camel toe are you
watching your own videos yeah if you
ever want to feel like a fucking
douchebag just don't want to do what a
talented kid sign him up holy cow that's
nuts
why is he putting my dick on there night
what's up why do you worry about you
because you bucking us I brought the
back in just for that pun Gabi
how would you get your own face on these
dolls I hired one of those sexy mates to
clean up the apartment but they sent me
this bitch that's it for today's vlog
makes you like to subscribe tweet me at
david dobrik and actually tweet me cuz
none of you fuckers ever tweet me it's a
problem anything else that Gaby how I
get anything else to add
like
