Jonah just texted me this video asking
if we could recreate it Jonah what do
you mean we'll be the tourists on the
boat this boat is amazing you guys see
any whales I'm so pissed off right now
I'm fucking ballsack you don't see
anywhere you officially can't be a whale
you recommend that kids drop out of
school yeah only if they're ready
what made you ready uh my grades mean
the three ships that Christopher
Columbus brought to America Titanic
balances how many ounces you're in a pan
sixteen Isis all drugs I think your wife
would be into me if she wasn't married
to you maybe yeah I can't believe she's
into me
hotel room is this what is this there's
an upstairs oh my god
thank God I'm starving I got a really
good fruit selection here you guys have
sex not have yet but we're on the couch
there's Lube there oh yeah I wonder
where you guys had sex
not to throw you under the bus Trisha
but you put a ton of Lube in my penis
pump how much is this per night 3900
yeah don't say yeah like you pay for how
much are the tickets
ten thousand apiece why I've served my
chicken tenders on a kiddie play excuse
me sir it's not a kiddie play it's a big
work adult loves chicken tenders do you
like chicken tenders tell us a joke and
you go well the white horse fallen mine
that's the dirtiest joke I know I'm
asked you people for jokes do you have a
joke you're alive
people are funnier than you would think
i'm david dobrik and this is my junghwa
you can find comedy almost anywhere put
this dime into there without touching
anything because Jason was dressed like
this since we're at the airport again I
bought Jason a really comfy outfit
scaring some of the passengers boys
whatcha gonna do when we first got on
the fly a woman came up to me and she
goes they see really a prisoner this is
what I do I go I go yeah yeah
and she goes oh I'm kidding Jason needed
the key to unlock his little wristband
it was like you're not getting a keypad
I put it in the Todd's mouth and Todd
swallowed the Candice thing
did you really small enough yeah and he
tapped a flight attendant and goes ma'am
we're gonna need a doctor on board and
it freaked her out so much and then we
proceeded to get kicked off the plane
Jason that's the most appropriate outfit
to get arrested in Houston we have a
problem
there's nothing 50s you like it
subscribe to me at David Ober so the
moral of this story is don't go to the
airport and wear stupid outfits Jason
you ready you guys see anywhere else
