okay
what's up guys
lies and I'm no longer talking cuz she's
a mind okay what's up guys so I just saw
this on the internet and I want to see
if it works on Shane okay I'm just gonna
slide my credit card as I'm just use the
vending machine d7 we prepared some
jokes for your outfit let us know if
they're good are you wearing camouflage
to hide from your nutritionist the only
thing that Jackie will hides you from is
making any new friends all right what's
up guys so I recently found out my
roommate Dom took a really graphic photo
of himself in hopes of it leaking and
getting exposed so he can become more
famous this is a hundred percent real
and a hundred percent stupid picture of
me giving a blowjob to a guy who's not
yeah I'm grab-ass yeah grab-ass it's a
picture of Dom wearing these visors look
a penis in his mouth can't show you but
it's right here understand like month it
out there and I understand how that gets
fucking get you followers damn I saw
your singer Pro out there yeah damn so
you saying I shouldn't put that dick in
my mouth
and three to actually know about this on
the tip of it fuckin reminder cover
money fuck you just hey I'm gonna suck a
dick today you expected kinda was gonna
be him donating to charity not fuck you
literally not me whose dick is that and
is that person standing in this kitchen
right now that's a dick in his mouth
yeah oh my god there's only in there for
like seven seconds for the picture
his nails painted that's your concern
real quick I know what I'm gonna take my
fucking son in like eight years hot
cheeto like I fucking I'll probably
punch you in the face you just see you
tonight Susie alright what's up guys I'm
here with Jay and we're Susie's room I'm
gonna leave his channel in the
description below
yesterday he brought me this giant ass
oh my god
