you know what what's up I'm honestly
sick I'm just rude we have it all the
time what do you want to get in and out
did the place like 2,000 miles ready bro
where's the nearest in the mountains
California let's look it up all we have
to do is cross the US and who are the
hair one day in five hours dude let's go
home let's go come on yo Mason you want
to go to any now yeah
oh shit here we are guys we're on our
journey to in-and-out it's a little bit
cold we're still hungry Brad turn her
off for you check this view out
just log 42 the facts care for you Rock
skipping a legend right here did I get
it yeah I got it
that was fucking pointless yeah what the
fuck you make me do that did I just
decide in the movies in oullette really
cool it is it's our thirty line of our
long trip Mason's passed out somewhere
in the back I don't even know what he's
doing but we're in LA we made it we made
it
thirty in another fucking hours of
sitting in the damn car but were fucking
Buffalo's off fellows we fucked some
people might think my penis fell off
smell that yeah sounds like a lot of
fucking grease
we're inside in an hour instead of test
so basically we're inside him and we're
about to get some food so we should
being that out
you'll have to go try it and we're gonna
feed them to little people and like big
people around the world
I don't know I'm saying I just don't eat
it obviously yeah okay let's go here on
the hood of my car
here it is look at it this fucking sucks
dude damn is all on my brain nigga go
watch don't change they're gonna run it
down with champagne nigga yeah my money
insane nigga yeah I'm making it rain but
I was just on a plane nigga buying here
