Joan I didn't know you have your own
brand of olive oil / totally no no no
extra virgin I'm all about the arts okay
you know they mean yeah and like I know
like you're just basically like a comedy
guy I'm gonna do little spoken word for
you right now okay go listen I've been
going through a lot yeah a lot of boxes
of donuts holy crap
who writes this stuff I'm trying to see
Geoffrey star when it's just closest
friends we're gonna see our rich friend
I'm excited do you want come with how
much is this bag is 90,000 Hermes
crocodilian watt dollars I please see
your garage oh my god oh my god pink
dress love pink Lamborghini a Bentley
under the cutter
how much do you make a year are you like
a super business person or were you dick
love money that's like Jason right now
he can only get food and dick
communicate it's like watching two
cartoons from the show I can't wrap my
head around the fact that you guys are
real people it's so insane
it's just standing next to you mixture
should look like a completely sane
person Jonah's back with the disguise
see how he actually likes that I want
more thing with your new identity who
makes more money right now you or your
little brother who's in the seventh
grade he gets like a ten dollar
allowance I think he's beating me by
like nine dollars what's the last time
you talked to your parents I cut him off
you cut him off yeah they cut you often
better yeah
I had to borrow Jonah's memory card
because I needed to shoot something on
and I got a little nosy so I went
through his footage because I was
wondering what he shoots and this is the
first clip I found on his camera we're
at Olive Garden right now and his
Brandon's birthday I told the surfers
that comes thing I'm happy birth but I
told him that his name is Jack
oh no this little Shin had no idea who
he was fucking with what are you gonna
do there now you'll see what do you mean
I'll see you'll see why'd you pause my
video
turn off the freeze-frame
where's your son no not the ugly one the
small one you think you just get away
with what you did last night you think
that you're just invincible don't you
Alex I repeat I repeat come in come in
no fuck you that's the reason optics
trust Natalia miss you like us let's
meet me at David Alvarez for today's
natural we're gonna be creating a very
special
