Tom alex has been gone for like eight
days now please tell me are you feeding
her pluck me bro you asking this all the
time No hey guys this is kind of a
stupid and random idea but I've always
wanted to do this so I have a hunch that
snapchat is throwing me a surprise
birthday party so to make sure I have to
confirm with Jason Jason Trish are going
to see a movie tonight
momily how are you guys going to see
that you are going to miss my surprise
birthday party I don't know what you're
talking about there's no party dad ass
dead ass you can't lie on better dead
ass means nothing to me I'm going to
need a disguise and then I'm gonna need
to scare my assistant with said disguise
and have her help me out I can't
unfurl my eyebrows and I'm gonna sneak
into my very own birthday party to
attend my very own birthday surprise
where did he go nice David's David still
coming love it
I mean slutty is better than this one my
mom called her a slut she loves you say
how did she react oh my god
Eliot's throwing his phone out of the
car two times now I don't know for what
reason because he just has to run and
get it every time are you done
maybe
did you just do it yeah one two three
four
idiot how much is this $30 $1,300
it's a t-shirt with the collared shirt
attached to it it looks like you killed
Jason and you're still like trying to
keep him around you were gonna be a cop
yeah so though it's cool to be a cop
yeah well it the other way and what
happened why don't you be going police
officer
cuz you posted too many videos of me
doing cocaine I never go we're down the
street is Eve a little birthday surprise
for me the street is right it's scary to
me it was
I'm gonna call you Helen are you guys
here to talk drake and josh reunion how
was Josh's wedding I'm happy he found
love and I didn't have to be there I'm
just happy he's well tell Drake that
yeah how is it being with your past
employee for my birthday can you give me
a famous Helen catchphrase to make sure
you like to subscribe tweet me at David
over it guys our podcast officially gets
400,000 listeners a show so for the next
four months all our podcasts are free
it's always been free no no you do let
me finish free of Jason for the next
four months it's just me on the five
