Josh yes it's my birthday happy birthday
you promising happy birthday you want to
go back to our hometown right why cuz
I'm going down I'm a stun stun on all
the haters that didn't believe me all
the teachers that said I wanna be shit
I'm gonna start on the principal the
principal said I wanna be shit all those
people still don't figure shit safe
you're under the principle I'll be like
what's up man I'll do my Lamborghini
I'll be like the Sun man you should take
the reverse out of my car cuz I never
gone back to reality yo what's up man
and I have a place to sleep that's my
assistant Natalie she hates lizards so I
got a lizard to scare her with and here
he is oh not that lizard this lizard you
on the ground in blindfold you just do
one sit-up
I heard there's a ghost in here yes he
had ghosts I know that's what I said I
brought you something forgot that I said
it and then it looked like you came up
with the idea is ghost in here yes you
know there's a ghost in here
what's up guys Ilya what happened to
your hair when did you do this
likes your vo it's not even so busy
let's talk it out
no one's fine I just don't I don't get
it we're all kind of get in the fight
what do you want a chink I got it the
car guess she got out of fuck guard you
came to fight and then wake up tomorrow
morning and you feel like you're a
better man yeah bro you fucking down bro
you punch me god you're kidding I'm not
fucking kidding bro you're an idiot
no you fuck earlier you're drunk
actually I'm gonna show you please no
watch watch watch watch my camera watch
my camera take your hat off look how
ugly your hair is I didn't think that
was real this is I open your hands
explain to me what happened what
happened we were fucking driving away
and this kid opens the window he's like
Jing Jing Jing Jie and I'm like it's
like what the fuck did you say I'm like
I'm like what the fuck did you say
that's wrong expressing Diana makes you
like you subscribe tweet me at David or
guys my friends just surprise me with
new bird for my 22nd birthday this has
got to do with my favorite shirts we've
ever made yeah because your face is
plastered all over back chillin out
maxin relaxin summertime with a
fantastic cake bag another cop you were
so provocative though you like being a
director of a scene that was actually
happening guys to repeat his line
that was a solid a spot like dead ass
