never noticed the windshield on this car
it hasn't rained in what is all this
under a bird with diarrhea he's gonna
die it looks like you put a lot of time
in your hair in no time into your
t-shirt I was gonna go to the gym and
the day was like go meat how a man does
oh you don't get into that kind of shit
without the hard work time of your life
I'm so ready David let's go you've never
heard this song it's so good
few years ago there was a couple girls
that I had dated in the past and they
were dropping Todd and I off at my
apartment after we got home from a party
or something like that and I got out of
the car and then I looked back in the
car and Todd was making out with both
the girls you gotta go for Kristin to of
things happen never buy stuff at
airports because Oliver price when we
spend your money on things you actually
need but I did just get these we finally
arrived to Florida I am in 267 I wanted
to see about getting some cocaine
delivered up to my room
thanks the police no I don't need to
talk to the police I called about the
cocaine whatever I think she she thought
I said police she's sending the police
upstairs huh they must want to do
cocaine with us ask you a question yeah
you talk about getting girls a lot is
that like part of your like comedy
routine you can see yourself a guy that
gets a lot of girls I'm not like a
lonely guy I'm pretty I'm able to talk
to girls in life there's literally a
button on your shirt that says first
visit when was the last time you slept
with a girl like that I paid with a girl
yeah what do you think could pick up a
girl faster Brandon with the lightsaber
or me with the Disney pen I think their
game would be branded with a lightsaber
and you with a million dollars in your
hand
I want to be the most hated on social
media holy shit dude Congrats you like
so close Paris Kali the other day and
they're like asking me if I could take
like the last name out of my profile I
heard you got paparazzi today yeah how
was that that goal no it's just funny
cuz he paparazzi her and then it was
over and I asked if I could film him and
he was like nod rather are you guys done
making breakup videos so it's gonna be
the new thing yeah you have to get
pregnant now I love that you said on the
podcast good energy put it on to the
universe you know it's tougher than
having kids not having views
Liza space is not a building so we're
gonna go see it it's so big but it's so
tiny at the same time oh I love having
my ex-girlfriend plastered all over the
city as a driver this is not healthy for
you this is totally normal
Alex would you like to subscribe to you
at David or guys the boys and I are in
Florida which means were it heats
hometown what does that mean yeah how do
you say hello
hey what's up Jason I mean officer
cocaine
