Zain posted this picture of Todd taking
picture of his dick on his own system
are you not trying to get it to leave it
is completely passed out so you guys are
going to Disney World tomorrow are you
gonna sit on Mickey's face suppose he's
on the market she's single okay
I think if you want to be out on the
market you got to make some life changes
okay okay I think a hot pickle bedside
is a little bit that's funny because I
think that's almost funnier than us
pretending if the Doga a couple days
prior what's your name what's your name
what's your name
you got what why are you throwing stuff
in my car
your car I'm gonna come and cut your
fucking dick off let's go Peter - yeah
that's thrown a random shit on my car
but my car's fucking indestructible so
nothing happens yeah this is like I got
that will stab people fancies upon our
balconies investigate call me what's
your deal let's talk through it do you
have a job I'm doing my job right now
this is what I do know you feel like
you're gonna die if you got hit by that
see you later Nabil okay
he's the best
did you do it all the time sometimes I
don't even film it
