hey what's up is it a feather in it
that's and a feather a bird must have
been enjoying this
how much cedar you can pet fuck it two
grand yeah what about you Jane you
cannot talk to my system like that
Natalie order our fucking fly we're at
the Chateau the other night and we were
the Nano who's like kind of like a model
and up to every server with the Russian
accent he goes she could not eat any
more food there is birthday boys I
haven't paid for dinner for your
birthday
honestly I don't know who the heck paid
for I think I don't know who paid for
but they got me out of there pretty damn
quick that's why I didn't show up
because I knew I'd have to face way I
heard alex is that you your birthday
party man he's a real dump what do you
do this case
both accidents oh my god
as a smoke machine has been made it
would be a smoky day here in our John
are you ready I'm ready captain
are you really adding to your virgin
character huh here we go and lighting
oh wait slow flow so I can't see it it's
too far to fire the smoke machine is
going oh shoot we thought it was a smoke
grenade yeah YouTube cable we just put
that fire out we literally save people's
lives
fucking heroes do like take hostages and
then let him go it's like a bipolar
supervillain it's like yes I started a
fire oh no a fire people anymore I mean
unless you like subscribe guys I want to
wish everybody is safe and happy to live
for and of course the most important
part don't eat any of your meat raw
