we just got the other party that's my
assistant she's drunk also also his
fucking friend also fired in the morning
hey can we talk about something that's
like a little bit weird oh we had a lie
detector test the other day and Corine
us that she fantasizes about me know
that I've known David for a longer than
virtually everybody in our friend group
aside stop and once you get to know if
he's so much sex
are you kidding me Wow Wow here isn't
the biggest bitch of all fuck off did
you just call me big that's what you got
from Matthew like a little thicker he is
okay well then just break up with me I'm
like okay we're done honestly I wish my
relationship with Liza was like you guys
why seek it for enjoyment of each other
no just so like when it's over it's hi
I'm Elena's friend who's Elena he's
known me for a year now Tom are you
puking in the back of my car pull over
turn off the camera and we're gonna kick
Dom Oh what's your name
Sophie nice to meet you just lost a
tooth what do you want to be when you
grow up oh my god cuz you know obviously
never works that's why that's cute now
wanna be famous again do you have any
special talents I can't act like an
actor Josh I I don't wanna do it I'll
get some motivation the way my mom did
when I was a kid performing for the
camera or we won't be able to pay a rate
you have Jason's movie on the wall here
that's amazing have you seen the movie
little Walmart after Shh it's my fucking
birthday just got back from Walmart I
considered a pointless shrimp but I'm I
don't know about Alex are you happy with
what you bought yes yeah it's good
asking man working on your website works
website called influenza influency yeah
yeah that sounds like a virus there's
gonna be consultation so people can call
you how much is a phone call cost was
$100 for 30 minutes very turn it on for
30 minutes super cheap right I pay you
$100 to not contact me oh my god
bullshit for anyone new in social media
this is the easiest way to start a
higher percent understandable only 60
days starts running on YouTube start
training on Instagram
who's gonna trust the guy that has a
seatbelt on his head well he is being
safe what's up guys so Dan's about to
film a Q&A with Scott in Tahoe what Todd
doesn't know is that during the Q&A were
throwing a smoke bomb into the room what
is the worst thing David has done to you
no it's just a question of like wait a
minute why would your first instinct to
shut the window to captain makes you I
can subscribe tweet me at David or guys
all my merch is 30% off this wheel dang
it lies on
