now how does it feel to be stupidest guy
in the room right now what'd you say
what why'd you say well I have a actual
phobia like no joke dead-ass phobia of
caterpillars I hate that put something
on you and you're gonna guess what it is
already like start telling me what it is
before no wait did this happen to you
too
no no no no I can't do it can I just get
one like guarantee that it's not one
thing yes
a caterpillar okay good okay I don't
know where to even get caterpillar am I
like the biggest pussy of all time can I
take your blindfold off no please hold
my hair 70mm three two surprise I'm not
gonna look you made me cry I know I'm
sorry
stop looking my camera directly into the
line David maybe crow what's up guys so
by now you probably know that Jason and
Trisha got into a really messy breakup
on the Internet
this is really for broke it up he's
saying oh he can do whatever he wants I
want people to know that don't like that
she made that video about me I've never
had someone refer to me as fat ever
called her son and not take it back now
apologize I apologize that's another lie
after not talking to Trisha for a couple
days I found out she was going to Boston
to visit Jason and his family so I
waited at the airport and I'd caught her
before she boarded
where are you going where are you going
Trisha let's just cut to the shit are
you and Jason getting back together no I
said you're taking a break off social
media and you made six videos right
after a liar in his first video listen
in the first video you said I don't care
if he makes a response
I'm not responding to it so that makes
you a liar I still really like you I
don't like you at all yeah I think
you're like funny and I mean you're like
a tiring person it was were face to face
I mean ice cube like we used to be best
buddies and now we're not you're giving
me I should be the one giving you shit
because you made a video about Jason I
should be the one being like good pizza
but I don't care because you know why
cuz I'm 21 years old and I'm more mature
than both of you combined do you feel
bad yeah yeah do you regret making all
those posts yeah because it made you a
lot of money could be true love maybe
so maybe run into the picnic in deposits
the break-up a colossus only profits the
balls also appear it's all so fucking
rich
Trisha Trisha TMZ TMZ is it true that
you wipe your ass to take toilet paper
