you never come out to party with us I
don't want to I know you don't want to
but you don't have to drink you can
literally just come to hang out I don't
even know what that means it means talk
to the hand what would what talk to the
hand
are you six years old talk to the hand
why don't you come party with us I don't
want to pick ups like once every like 30
minutes and it literally sounds like
she's saying the word hiccups so I'm
just gonna keep the camera on her and
wait till she hiccups don't fake it okay
just say the fucking word she's
literally I was recording for 36 minutes
VidCon Oh Jason's eighty-fourth VidCon
yeah back in 1921 wait for the first day
I can't put my finger on what you look
like mom they got a bunch of free shit a
capture with like Cameron Dallas so he
didn't say still haven't seen Jonah's
penis so they want to see it let's make
things clear Jonah likes doing this 3 2
1 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 go into the bathroom 2
by 2 reaction is the same as buying
someone a car was just confronted by a
girl said she was 18 but you didn't have
IDs the Dom stepped away from the
situation and he said no thank you I'm a
different man right and Jason goes bro
why aren't you recording this this is
amazing we never get this kind of Dom
footage there is no good sign you
bitches
cleaning promo before we subscribe David
Ober guys this is our driver Peter he
doesn't want to be on camera what's your
message fuck from come on something
nicer I love you all
be careful because usually there's this
big robber here that kills people there
he is
