now did you hear about the guy who got
his whole left side shot off I didn't
know you didn't know that's okay cuz
he's all right now
Oh Jason brought the how a lie-detector
test
and then Todd is hiding in his room
already you're screwed
it's being hooked up to the electric
chair probably will be at the corona
find out everything do you drive a Range
Rover yes oh that's enough good amount
of an you get aroused when you tickle
things are no have you ever had a sexual
fantasy about Kristin's boyfriend Jesus
Christ no
in that moment I realized that Todd was
totally jealous of Jesus Christ no I'm
not you see that girl on the left that's
our friend Aaron Aaron's car got stolen
three days ago which means we got to do
something about it so I'm getting Aaron
a car tomorrow yeah yeah you know what
that means Nathalie call CQ what's up
guys so she keek is an app that helps
you buy tickets and literally the
easiest way possible
you've seen them help my friends get
brand new cars so today see Kiki's gonna
help me surprise Aaron with a brand new
car so please if you ever need to buy
tickets for anything click the link in
my description to use the promo code
David and you'll get $20 off your first
purchase okay guys here it is it's show
time
that's watching Monaco make sure you
like it subscribe tweet me at david
oberyn's actually isn't the end of the
vlog it's the portion where I give Aaron
our brand new car
this is all I've ever won how many miles
of that everything does happen for a
reason a backup cam channel backup
camera before no I fucking dog thank you
so much but more importantly Thank You C
key
two people stopped because they saw the
bow in the car like oh is that a
graduation present and I was like no my
friend is just red
