our rooms are literally right next to me
sick fuck he's getting here is having
sex
explain the dream give me and my brother
were hanging out pull the buns with the
road and then the next thing I knew like
we were having oral and you had his
penis in your mouth in my dream
did you ever tell you brother yeah he's
like that's fucking weird oh it's normal
it just means like you and your brother
like have a really close relationship
yeah demos bang yeah dude are you a
girlfriend bro you know it should be
easier now that your Zingerman's Scott
at least you have someone to finish I'm
like are you really
this is the RC car that I bought it was
five hundred dollars he doesn't miss
fucking baby it's your baby
fucking they better be for five hundred
dollars and named it already you name it
waste of money
everybody oh my god oh my god okay go
now because she said you can live with
them if you're home
see that guy in the back that's her
friend Joe Joe helps us film things and
show really really really loves the
Jurassic Park movies so today I'm
surprising with tickets to the world
premiere of the new Jurassic Park movie
Todd I might need a blindfold you know
I'll put you in the bathtub
you up in won't you
Oh who's that what is that yeah thank
you
great two tickets for you and your
girlfriend Olivia makes you like and
subscribe to it yeah David over guys
there's only 24 hours left of this merch
and then it's gone forever
stop we're not idiots ooh oh shit maybe
I
people get jet women to not have to deal
with assholes screaming and being
obnoxious Simmons on a little buttery
nipples this guy just got up it was like
