dude this is a nice couch set up but
don't spill your coffee oh she's got a
new assistant yes and she can't be on
camera so when she works around the
house you make her wear something
special yeah we devised a plot to make
it so that we can fill her in hey
everybody this is Carly how do you feel
about Jason having a girl assistant I
don't like it she's young I can tell by
her legs he's hiding your face you have
to keep in mind that is the last type of
girl that would hook up with Jason
there's some girls like yet some girls
are into ads it's like a fantasy the
fantasy to hook up with a homeless
person
what about you are you concerned that
there's a new assistant running around
and there's another female you have to
control your hormones from hey I thought
the other day when he has on here
something funny
no wanna walk down Hollywood so I can
show everybody who I'm friends with no
fucking way let's just go out there and
see what happens no it's awful bro you
don't know that I've been almost famous
for a really long time we use you for
content yeah check this out brand-new
PayPal Ron
it's a fully automatic paintball guy
said no you know what I mean suspect
number two you guys over here you guys
ready turn the safety her here you won't
be hurt four three two it looks like an
egg yolk with some Tabasco in it I just
realize that lice it looks like now
we're having the you have got to stop
leaving these around the table we have
such a dirty minds is my inhaler to me
that's Alex know you've messes my sister
okay what yeah fucking far in here
smells like shit
oh my god Karina how much was all of
this 5200 people jerk off to you playing
video game I'm not gonna show my pussy
but if you like to send a thousand
dollars in my service everyone send a
thousand dollars I show my pussy oh this
is what I imagine a regular night with
Todd and Kern is like I'll be top okay I
think Danielle makes you like subscribe
tweet me at David Arbor guys Jason is
really scared that it's the last weekend
this merch is available it's the last
weekend that's weekend of fun but this
much is available I wish I screamed and
I was so scared
camera turns on the kid really ghost me
