every tattoo on your body means
something right yeah pretty much
so what does this one mean that means I
should probably stop drink it as a VIP
at the Lakers game I don't know how to
do that that doesn't work at a Lakers
game it only works at VidCon and your
school cafeteria
yeah especially if I smoke a little bit
I'm invincible it starts with my
invisible invincible invincible you have
over three sounds it doesn't like entice
me as much oh this is a stupidest
fucking fight ever
here's my tan joke drop it and you
should stop getting naked in my house
and they're back I know this fights
really intense and staff but would you
have a threesome with Tana no I wouldn't
maybe I'm gonna go eat lunch where
what's a mint I think you can't lose the
table for four and now we'd have to go
to Table four second week on side look
outside I've literally never seen this
many stars out Oh No he pulled over in
three two one
damnit fuck man I got no registration
how are you he's not pulling you over I
just noticed that the light was green
you weren't going yes we noticed the
stars and I was like guys look outside
there's so many stars
I fucked up that was my phone promise
one drill right now I know these guys
are really laughing laughing I think
these guys want to see me go to you guys
they're about to find out the car stolen
plan that's always something stupid
we're looking at the Stars chasing down
a fire how would you react if I got
Oprah what would you be happy if I got
Oprah yeah obviously
for me yeah I found our new boyfriend
touch that jacket
