lyza cheated on me the sign guys seven
guys and I found them in her bedroom
how's my hair receding how is it single
how is shut up what's up guys well back
to my main channel I'm here with one of
my ex-girlfriends Liza
yeah go for it take the floor your idea
there's gonna be a different kind of
video we're gonna be doing the whisper
challenge now Jesus Christ all jokes
aside we are broken up lies have broke
up with me six months ago that sucks
like why are you crying
okay there was your idea earlier it
wasn't healthy for us to continue to be
together for now basically we're trying
to say is that we're friends and that
and then you never know what can happen
but just not now
is it look good now it's a breakup oh my
god I wanna go fix it but I also let's
be on that day he's going through some
stuff oh come on go go I'm sorry I know
but I think we know which one of us has
come through some stuff but not stuff
that they can't get through it's the
kind of stuff that I didn't realize
tumblr quotes like only time can heal or
you have to love yourself before you can
love anybody else really I hate this
this is gonna sound so late but I really
want to spread love but I have to have
it first you don't it's like yeah say
you're gonna spread mayonnaise but you
know we have mustard you need that
Bevers
yeah I was gonna how do you put it
didn't want to be too cliche but we're
working on getting a mani right like
literally I've ever met in my life I
always say this to people I know like
online Liza seem like she's like a
really nice girl but like if you get to
know her it's so weird because it's the
exact same thing like there is not a bad
bone in her body which is why it's so
unfair that she feels not the best
sometimes so we did tell our friends for
three months and we didn't tell you guys
for six months and pregnant for nine
words now I'm gonna have trouble knowing
what the title of are we breaking up are
you pregnant we're not good at this oh
really
I think we should make this clear if
Liza goes out and finds another boy we
will destroy him
I don't want I don't want anybody what
do you want you'd what what my best
friend
what did you say that see this this is
what been Keeling over six months
totally good if one of us find someone I
just wanted to be respectful of that
oh yeah lies have broke up with me
because she felt like we've been kind of
distant because we've just been so busy
period as much as I hate to admit it I
was feeling that on my side too but I
just don't have the balls to kind of
pull the trigger on that and be like hey
we should we should we should take a
little bit of a break it already felt
like we're kind of living like separate
lives which sucked but neither of us
were coming to terms with it and so I
admitted I you did what I decided that
we should break up can you tell anybody
because we just didn't understand what
was cold we were just I think we were
both just so angry at the fact that we
even distanced in the first place
because I love him and he is my best
friend it sucked
I just hope would pray everybody's just
keeps in a positive place between David
and I you guys know how tough day Minh
is you know how good of a person he is
and he was always good to me he's always
been a good guy to me and he's always
been a pretty amazing best friend in a
rock for me clearly for so long and and
he's not going anywhere
so so suck on that future girlfriend
Liza is my best friend too and please
don't suck on that future boyfriend
craziest part about all of it it's like
like all the videos we made together
like they were genuinely fun like I
would see comments and they were like
like this it's just like it was baby
what he was like yeah beautiful online
it was and it was it was genuinely the
best two years of my life hands down
like I want to make that clear I think
that's different is we're not boy for a
girlfriend anymore yeah but we're still
best friends the point is is that we did
absolutely nothing to each other to
cause a breakup it's just time right
and it's healing and its growth so y'all
we're so young and I know that's like a
thing everybody says and sometimes you
disagree with you like would that be it
means that we have a lot of growth and
development and learning and loving for
ourselves to do it yeah I don't do door
thing I've been putting up with this for
two years I kiss her on the cheek right
now but then she'll slap me yeah
thank you guys for watching thanks for
understanding hopefully I'll see you
guys later anything else to add Liza
well not you just saying well there's
actually somebody that wants to meet you
and hook up with you really yeah
hey he's single now
