I think so
I'm doing I'm not even your own sense
that I'm gonna give that to the kids you
look like you look like if you're
walking and Knott's Scary Farm first do
you like the first thing that pops out
you guys had sex before
yeah have you had sex with Zane have you
thought about having sex insane
I have it I mean have you thought about
making love to Zane it's never crossed
your mind the shower looks pretty big
don't you wake up on the wrong dick
today Kareena what is wrong with your
attitude once but I almost peed twice
you got faced wife fucked what does that
even mean let me explain it to the 16
year olds watching Kareena I don't want
to know about your Facebook not that
part the my throat really hurts their
semen coming out of it oh great now I
said Joseph listen to my joke tell me if
he's me it's funny me when the pizza
rolls are ready yeah that's funny yeah
Josh about my weekend I was at this
party
leaving the party have my flashlight up
and I accidentally flashed it at the
wrong girl and she goes don't you ever
point a flashlight at him and she comes
up to me and sucks me right in the mouth
really yeah and her name was Miranda
Cosgrove after she punched me she got on
top of me and just started beating my
head no yeah are you kidding
no who is this chicken why isn't she in
the vine David shocked like pummel the
debate she goes you're in the vlog and
this is everything that happened right
after I just got punched in the face
look at this Davis is fucking happy yes
yeah I was like what are we going on bro
Brandon starts running away I was in the
bag just like yes go get your punch why
don't you step in brother because David
there's so many
yeah look at that right there this is
like me going to jail people don't
respect me now
right here David David I'm actually stop
driving Bruce is like 12 the shit out of
you I mean like 30 she's right here
that's her you get out of the fucking
car no or the crazy that's her that's
her you got she punched me in the face
earlier I know
yeah yeah she is get done that's one get
some good times you guys we called the
police and you literally have a warrant
oh yeah we gotta go you fucking me right
now no that has serious warrants okay
she's fighting the paramedics she's
literally fighting the paramedic I can't
do this I can't do white people for a
week no white people for a week my next
vlog we're going to the police and we're
turning you in Melanie make sure you
subscribe to be a david obie
I had this water gun and Todd is gonna
go squirt Corrine up
just kidding
Sid said she used to think that Smasher
pass man you either pass or you beat the
shit out of them
