I just made a new dance move yeah shake
your body shake your body shake pretend
you're flossing shake your body shake
your body were you flossing it sucking -
cocks you'll make out for my vlog it's
my good you're acting like we're at a
party I make out with wing what $300 I'm
here with Heath who sorry you could say
hi hi oh this might be this might
doesn't work this is a talk show called
I'll get me out of the fucking car
what's up with david dobrik what the
fuck you have not slept with me what do
you think is crazy or adjacent to my
life why I genuinely don't think you
will either I mean this is nicely
possible he's gonna put up with you like
these threats still not enough he likes
you because you're psychotic should I be
a little crazier than I wouldn't do that
he likes you because he never knows what
he's gonna get you're like a box of
chocolates that are all poisons can come
in
I love how Dom's in there getting laid
and you're here playing for tonight at
least I won't regret this in the morning
that's like a most beautiful country
means only the war zone to see the words
you've been playing those video games
for the past three hours
could poke their boob oh that's $36,000
so you know how I have a new assistant
she's part of David over Tallahassee now
I'm gonna have Natalie shoot you with a
paintball gun you have to because you're
my assistant the way a paintball gun
works is I mean you had the paintball
gun
Jason hit the fire her finger slipped
whispered in crap wasn't recording
and also your fire thanks watching my
name is you'd like to subscribe tweet me
at David Dover died for going on tour so
cosiest can be linked on the description
of the first city we're going to Jason
take your shirt off the first city is
June I for Boston and then we're gonna
travel down to Pittsburgh
what is the tracers
