all these tattoos me it's not like my
freckles so just try to cover them all
out what is this ant man that means ant
I gotta go it was nice talking you know
yeah my life now bitch
Oh
oh very good
Coface go to people that shit
have you guys been dating almost three
years I'm so happy for you guys
you said you were from tinder how is it
being a couple that met on tinder it's
hard do you guys get discounts at
restaurants special parking where are
you guys on tinder just to hook up with
people
I wasn't that was we girls did you meet
on tinder before you met Carly what
about you Carly how many boys did you
meet seven the bottle flip challenge
with me is nothing every what it seems
doesn't get to see ten times with
paintball gun that was the last fucking
page you will not make this flip you
know here comes my first time trying
take a big hit you got to make a quick
finally you're officially cool oh here
we go here we go
I've never thought I would ever sit in a
random Armenians family's house doing
hookah with Josh Peck
what do you want to do you wanna ride an
elephant that's the truth did you send
your girlfriend a nude from the family
living room did you send our picture of
your penis that ass yeah swear to God
not be something Kurt's but she'll like
you subscribe 3 Viet David never guess
we're going on tour I'm gonna leave a
link in the description below also I'm
discontinuing all the clickbait merged
it's 15% off you have one more week to
buy I didn't you force me to be in this
outro I didn't force you if good Bob sit
right here don't say anything just just
be in the back
you ready for your birthday Trisha these
are communicating about it and it's a
lot more open does that catch on fire if
I had a lighter right now
