what's right here ridiculous who'd eat
this you officially have too much money
you think you can't jump over one of
those you can Claire I couldn't clear
hold my camera go no why because no
excuse there's no rational adults gonna
jump over some random ass crap make the
vlog guys fired on is playing for
Trish's birthday look at that school
buses tumble we you know where that bus
is going to right where's that to high
school this is my birthday tonight do
you want to tell them how much you spent
about fifty thousand that crazy fifty
thousand dollars I went lower than fifty
thousand dollars for birthday so I get
my balloons alone cost $7,000 holy Sh at
least you don't have to pay for a clown
you definitely deserve it you do work
hard you texted me individually Harris
talk shit I mean you're a bitch these
flowers are right now just to show you
the size of Jonah okay you think Jason
interests are gonna last
Jason wants it to laugh
let me give a shout out if I let Jason
fuck me in the ass
thank out with Liza Tricia
brought over this joint should we pass
it around and smoke it yes what do you
have planned for your vacation in Bora
Bora packing six times for 24 six times
three what's the capital of the United
States Krispy Kreme the population of
the world lies I don't know how you have
all them subscribed to your channel
you're watching Han makes you like
subscribe tweet me at David Arbor guys
if this video gets 200,000 like I don't
Korean are gonna get back together no
this is a questionnaire was just to set
up the Titanic from
