can I show you a trick for my 420
bladder okay pull this I gotta just pull
it still married um stop vlogging well
Scott wants to die so nothing's changed
I think Jamie when the kids are great
and have you seen up no I have not seen
them at all hoping to you know catch up
with them in 2019 we're busy though they
have a full schedule careful busy yeah
they're in court a lot trying to get
emancipated from me big Nick has a dwarf
girlfriend anything better to hook up
with little people or bigger people me
and my reference cuz I'm a girl yeah I
know you have to go but can you do me a
favor can you come back inside and do a
couple more drinking - lines you don't
have a track record of treating women
with respect what I mean I always know
you know track her at all you have a
criminal record literally like 50 flies
around
please stop commenting ounces fat in the
comments it does hurt me yeah just
because we're on YouTube doesn't mean
that we don't have feelings for God's
sakes out someone's a buddy as his best
friend is really fragile it is yeah I
got something for you to try when we get
back
well I'm not putting your cock in my
mouth all right I got something else for
you child IKEA baby
don't you mean iCarly last one in the
store is a rotten egg baby hey you guys
have any couches here sorry what else it
catches one egg you're gonna put your
hand right here now it's gonna try to
hit the bull's eye and if he hits it as
you ten hundred bucks those are pastor
for $20,000 and it's done
what's your least favorite you make me
feel self uncomfortable oh hey man it's
not what it looks like it found out that
amazing and that look drop on pornhub
and she got mad that we just looked over
I'm torn up cuz it's free and we didn't
pay for the service that's bullshit
that's like downloading the weekends
hobo not paying for it
oh yeah it's too much you think I should
have paid for your girlfriends
do you think do i babe
ya know do you oh yeah definitely Trish
you got me this late then that's it
dildo oh oh he's watching Andy makes you
like you subscribe to me at David over
guys we're just continuing this merch
this is a last week you can get it to be
linked to description below check this
one out okay go for it I'm going away
I'm going away just like the fish
