it's getting late and we're all long
even put his camera away and it's just
us this is Trish's hotel room it's
absolutely insane like a living room it
comes with this ugly-ass Butler oh my
god oh it's for you when you come in it
puts the seat down for you every time
you walk in because it thinks you're a
little bitch
yeah there wasn't me what's over here on
the floor the one behind you is my
favorite I use thinking about buying a
new car what are your thoughts Jason Oh
Kings the best no not about King holding
you back my son's gonna be as tall as
king would you talk about your kids as
if they were elephant Jason if Jonah can
fit in the back seat seven of your kids
will fit most cars you've sold in a week
well this weekend I so six so what's
your trick well just know your customer
always listen to the customer because
they have to a very valid thing they
want to tell you about their vehicle
notice how my voice change go up to
those people and say goodbye like you're
their friend
thanks so much very welcoming Trisha
super fancy yeah but you got to be quiet
okay cool well I'm David and that's
Jason this is Matt he's gonna play the
ice cream truck driver we're gonna try
to lure his little brother and get free
ice cream we're gonna kidnap him and
this is actually watch you guys all the
time me and my girlfriend love David and
lies I'll tell you what how about this
I'll give you a whole case of bomb pop
but you have to give them to David and
tell my love you know what a whole case
okay cool I might be out of bomb box I
got a deal for I'm actually gonna give
you two boxes because you're on the vlog
and I'm a huge fan
hey come back here come get these with
me you can't you don't want to pop back
here in helping caramel I'll be with you
one second man Union he's a good kid
he's a good he said I don't want it in
ran away we're testing to see if you
didn't I ran a person by screech I've
never been so proud of you for fucking
up the best
that was impressive did everything you
should have right now be honest with me
if you were a little hungrier which
you've gotten in what were you thinking
I thought he was gonna kidnap me how did
you find that out because he started
getting in my jar ice cream is one thing
if it was kebab my ass might be
kidnapped through something Emily makes
you can subscribe David know every guys
last night Jason interest you got really
dry I can't even really show you any of
the footage so I'll show you guys a
little snippet
