hey everybody I'm steve-o and you're
watching david dobrik slog pretty
intense vlog today what's up guys a year
and a half ago I did 1400 pounds of dry
ice into a swimming pool and somewhere
after that I promise you guys that at
one point I would do 10,000 pounds
today's the day I head to 10,000 pounds
I want to place an order for four dry
ice is that possible for today yeah
in the next hour to it 10,000 pounds
10,000 pounds block got it don't worry
yes nice oh you can just unlock it from
the back I have to blur your boobs out
I'm just waiting for a dad in this
neighborhood to come out and be like the
hell are you kids doing hey how you
doing I'm Jim why did you bring your son
why did you go out with no clothes no
there's five more bucks yeah we're doing
all the way apparently you're new here
have you convinced yourself if you're
gonna jump in the pool from the roof you
know so you're gonna do it I think
Steve's gonna jump from the roof ten
seasons of Jackass and this is what
kills this ice is too dry for cuz it's
dry ice forget the dry ice I found my
clicker yeah ayo sk3 what do you do
who's about to be a Sabra look at that
turtle $7000 you're literally the
dumbest person I've ever met you
$9.00 right says the woman who spends 50
grand a year on dildos holy cow we
haven't even dropped the ice in the pool
yet want me to hold the camera and get
you like taking a thing of ice in so it
looks like you did something yeah look
at David he's doing so much work right
here
Wiz Khalifa's mine like I died and I
went to heaven Oh crane is here
I'm steve-o you're watching david dobrik
vlog warning this duster farm in this
episode we're performed by professional
whenever i'm in this situation it's a
weird thing because like i know what it
is and it's just the mental block so I
have a tool I count one two three go
and when I count on my fingers one two
three go and I've never backed out of
anything in my life
one two three
that was so good I keep the sweatshirt
alright Jason go for it show me what you
did exactly that's watching Kim makes
you like subscribe to me at David or if
it hasn't been obvious enough nuclear
boomer Todd there's nothing on the back
you need to think about I can't be
messing around going to jail really
