I mean they're editing my video we're
having a nice time and then she pulls
out her phone and shows me sucking some
guy's cock Trish yeah a picture of it
what why did you do that the magic Jason
showed you a video of him suck in a car
you left a party the other day because a
girl sat on his lap and you show him a
picture of you sucking another what
would you do if he did that to you what
planet she's like over a hundred
thousand followers on Instagram
she an accidental-death week week papi
can I have one Penelope can I have one
yeah okay
we're here in sensor price birthday
party we have his cake ready another
year to fuck bitches and get money
welcome
jeah putting final touches on the case
yeah he's turning 24 shit he was
surprised that when he walks it fuck dog
are you okay we just found out Jonah has
the tiniest penis if I were to have a
movie role in the root ask me to be butt
naked I wouldn't be able to do because
that's such a small
a place to live surprised that you've
talked about how big your penis is no I
haven't you got big balls to show us
your tiny ass dick you think your wife
would have still married you if you were
like old fat Josh she tries to front
like she would but I don't think my
wife's that good of a person I know the
toughest parts about being fast Oh
stairs you get certain reactions to like
black guys you always hit me with like I
was something man miss most about being
fat just being famous where do you see
yourself in ten years I guess the real
question is really you see yourself in
ten years and then I'll just be right
next rotting melon make sure you like to
subscribe treat me at David Oreos for
today's outro I have the ball machine
ready I'm gonna knock that water bottle
off Joe's head no I'm not even gonna
preset or anything so it's gonna be
completely random this to be my first
shot great horrible idea dad this is 65
miles per hour
try come on Joe
I think I'm about to be paparazzi for a
day who are you dating are the rumors
true that you're dating someone
