hey David would you shoot some come on
the wall there huh what did you tell me
six hours ago oh there's some crazy
stuff you want to do so crazy style did
yeah without a hit mark don't ever show
you wanna do some crazy stuff in front
of David I'm gonna try something with
you I'm filling up the bathtub with
water right now in case things go south
so I'm gonna blindfold you and then I'm
gonna tape something to your hand Oh
interesting let's go here and the second
I say go everything's gonna start
happening hi Alex
go Dom pull it off now that was a fake
firework you're not gonna oh shit I
heard you're writing a book that's true
don't you have to learn how to read
first what's the book about
that's a budget it's it's a bunch of
pictures yeah
then you got a bottle back there out
here another bottle so I have to pee
really bad oh you just got I'm filling
this up as soon as I'm done I told you
how to pee and then I got eyes pee at
the window in the back don't look no
you're gonna pee on my seat I'm camera
shy and the pee shine so give me a
goddamn second row legs
mm I leave you're channeling -
description
drink my own urine no I do it because
it's sterile oh my god it wasn't
recording I just made two grand today
like fuckin 50-grain you never just
makes you like to subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik bitch i could
hit that lemon tree okay go for it
finally eating healthier dude good luck
that's a good luck dude
