I can't escape the idea that me wanting
other people to like me is somehow week
and that I should just make whatever I
want to make and not care about what
anyone else thinks of me but I can't
help but care about what you think
because worrying whatever people think
of me has been my whole life that was a
clip from a video by the very wonderful
very talented mr. Charlie McDonnell if
you haven't seen his video please click
here or something around this area and
go pause this video watch that video
come back here what boss a and then
partake in discussion I hope we can have
this was a very candid video by Charlie
and from watching all of the responses
and all of the discussion that seems to
be happening amongst YouTube's at the
moment he isn't the only person who's
been feeling like this I think we are
especially susceptible to these feelings
of inadequacy and these feelings of not
being good enough because we are so
personally invested in personally
engaged in the products that we create
Michael Aranda posted a response to this
video saying that he was scared too and
that anybody who is involved in the
media and to a certain extent the
selling one's personality industry
anyone who is in that kind of field is
bound to feel this way it is normal to
feel this way and to a certain extent I
think this is true I also agree with him
that this is a human thing in our very
core as biological beings it is part of
our survival response to want to be
loved to want to fit into groups and
therefore we want to be liked by people
in the way that Charlie and me and the
vlog brothers and God knows who else
want to be loved a wonderful young woman
who also happens to be a fantastic
flogger and a friend of mine called
rosianna made a response to Charlie's
video as well but she said that she
disagreed with Michael Aranda in that
she felt that this outpouring of knee
needing to be accepted isn't just a
human thing it is very specifically a
YouTube focused condition she cited the
fact that a lot of people have been
institutionalized by the site the site
isn't what a lot of us remember it being
rough God five years ago now when I
started people are encouraged to stick
to schedules to create on demand to be
regular in the product that they create
and their product is themselves and now
coming to me I haven't posted a video in
a fair few months a lot of this is down
to the fact that technologically I
haven't been able to a lot of it has
been down to laziness a lot of it has
been down to the fact that I'm moving
around the world like nobody's business
and the places in the world that I live
don't always allow you to access YouTube
but I'm not going to deny that a certain
part of me is also very aware that a
long time ago I used to get a good
number of hits and I don't get them any
more and part of me feels that either
people are bored of me people don't like
the content that I create and part of me
has actively tried to sidestep this by
not creating blogs anymore I actively
decided at one point I think it was
probably around 2008 to stop making
vlogs and to make debate videos to turn
rhyming voyages into a channel where
people converged and could voice their
opinions it was no longer going to be a
personal vessel for me I deleted all of
my personal videos all of the videos of
me dancing around like a twat and lip
syncing and I made this into very much a
channel with a non-personal folk
yes I was the person who was uploading
the videos but I was actively avoiding I
was actively avoiding investing too much
of myself into it and so reducing the
amount that i have posted in the past
two or three years has been easier and
so when I decided to come back or I
wanted to come back and the numbers were
significantly lower in terms of the
people who watched me that was a bit of
a kick in the nuts and it's not your
fault but a certain amount of it is
probably human nature a certain amount
of it is probably the fact that I am a
youtuber and I am personally invested no
matter how impersonal I try and make the
content on this channel I am personally
invested in what I create here so ladies
and gentlemen let me know what you think
this is what wine with oranges is for
question for you do you side with
rosianna do you believe that this is
specifically a youtuber trait is it
because we are investing so much of
ourselves personally into the content
that we create is it because we are now
turning ourselves into brands and
businesses that we may be feel the way
that Charlie does or do you agree with
Michael Aranda in the fact that this is
just something that's innately human is
this something that we all feel to a
certain degree whether you're a banker
whether you're a teacher whether you're
a blogger whether you're an actor that's
the question today go downstairs leave a
video response have a debate with
somebody I'll be floating around those
well you know I will be and you never
know I might see you next week bye
