sings the nation seems gripped with I
agree with Nick fever after the first
ever live television debates last week I
thought I would start with a breakdown
of the Liberal Democrats policies are
focusing on five areas education foreign
policy in defense immigration
environment and the economy before that
though I thought I'd ask you what you
thought about the first-ever election
debate last week a lot of the mainstream
media seems to have thought that Clegg
came out on top but do you agree with
them and a lot of the minor parties
especially the regional specific parties
I'm dismissive saying that they were a
waste of time do you agree with them
blah blah blah blah blah text comments
um would be lovely um as well as video
responses of welcome we can chat about
it talk about it would be nice also
vaiting would be good too because that
makes me happy well okay now Lib Dem
policy firstly education the lib dems
plan to invest 2.5 billion pounds into
schools helping to reduce class sizes as
well as funding projects that are meant
to help struggling students like
one-to-one tuition and weekend and
after-school classes this will of course
require more teachers and they plan to
invest some of this money into making
the teacher training program and schemes
like teach first and more prevalent and
larger they also want to bring in
compulsory special needs assessments are
for all five year olds so that on those
with learning disabilities can be
identified earlier in terms of the
National Curriculum they want to shrink
it substantially replacing it with a
minimum curriculum requirement giving
more flexibility and independence to
specific schools and their head teachers
in their manifesto they also mentioned a
plan for all 14 to 19 year olds to have
the option to study in college rather
than at school if it suits them better
giving at each specific student more
flexibility in how they learn when they
learn etc one of the big things that
sets them apart from the other parties
their plan to scrap tuition fees for all
students studying their first degree in
higher education planning to phase out
on
fees over six years this long phase-out
period is due to the fact that the
economy is a bit crappy at the moment
and it wouldn't be a good idea to scrap
them like that but after six years they
plan to have no Jewish infeed similar to
the system in Scotland they also want to
scrap Labour's target of having fifty
percent of young people going on to
higher education instead focusing and
encompassing things like apprenticeships
and paid vocational courses and things
like that okay foreign policy and
defence the lib dems are probably the
most pro-european party pledging to work
together with the other member states to
start regulating the banks and what else
and to create more jobs which is very
important they also say that they're
committed to reforming agricultural
subsidies as well as general EU
budgeting they also mentioned that they
want to stop the need for members of
European Parliament to keep going to the
Strasbourg Parliament every month which
they claim will save the taxpayer 200
million pounds a year they also
acknowledge that the EU has grown and
changed since the UK became a member
stay in like about 30 years ago so they
say that when there is another big
change in the UK's relationship these
are the Europe they want to hold a
nationwide in out referendum to give
like the people the choice to stay in or
not they also remain committed to having
the UK join the euro eventually and when
the economic like circumstances are
right and when it does come to them
wanting to join the euro they want it to
go to a national referendum as well they
also want to raise international aid to
nor point seven percent of gross
national income in defence probably
their biggest commitment is
desire to not renew the Trident nuclear
deterrence scheme which they claim is a
remnant of the Cold War and no longer
necessary in' like today's politics they
say that the non-renewal of the scheme
will save the country 100 billion pounds
they say that they are committed to the
welfare of servicemen and women I'm
saying that they want to raise the pay
of lower ranked servicemen and women as
well as providing more funding for the
modernization of troops homes in the UK
so that they are fit for Heroes in
immigration they want to reintroduce
exit checks so that they can regulate
the people who are here on temporary
visas to make sure that they actually go
home when they're supposed to they also
mention a plan where they want people
here on work visas to be confined to a
specific area where their work is needed
so they don't take away jobs from local
people however they never really specify
how they're going to do this thing as
counties don't really have border
control and but yeah that's one of their
policies they want to prioritize
deputation of criminals people
traffickers and other high-profile cases
they also want to encourage um
immigrants to gain British citizenship
and mention a scheme where they're going
to encourage people who have been here
illegally for ten years or more who
arrived before 2010 and have like a
clean record and they want to encourage
those people to get citizenship and like
to stay here illegally and stay here
legally not illegally that would be
silly now moving on to environment they
are committed to scrapping the third
runway expansion at Heathrow in terms of
renewable energy they want forty percent
of the National Grid to be provided by
renewable sources by 2020 and a hundred
percent by 2050 they want to begin a
ten-year insulation program where each
household is can qualify for up to ten
thousand pounds on towards making their
house more energy-efficient include
like been installing a new boiler
insulation and stuff like that and they
claim that this is going to be paid for
by the subsequent energy-saving that
will happen they also committed to
working together with Europe to create
like a greener economy and in having
fair deals for currently developing
nations on the economy they say we are
committed to setting out the tough
choices we are prepared to take so that
we can balance the country's books as
well as saving money by scrapping the
renewal of the Trident nuclear
deterrence game they also want to put a
stop to the plans to introduce
nationwide identity cards which will
save the country a lot of money as well
they also claim that they've found armed
15 billion pounds that they can save in
the national spending on per year they
also committed to cutting spending but
only when the economic climate is right
for it saying that this will probably be
in 2011 or 2012 they want to introduce a
bank levy so that banks are can pay back
the money that they received from the
taxpayers their ultimate goal being to
break them up unto ultimately get them
lending again if I'm one hundred percent
honest economics is not my strong thing
I was rubbish at maths in school um so
if anybody wants to go into more depth
um in terms of their economic policy
then you can find a link to their
manifesto in the sidebar and you can
break it down much better than I ever
will and maybe post it as a video
response and then I'll link it here with
an annotation or something so if
somebody wants to get on that go for it
other things that I should probably
mention is that they want to lower the
voting age to 16 they want a fully
elected House of Lords and they want to
change the current voting system which
is one vote per one person to a
proportional on voting proportional
representation which involves people
ranking parties in desired so if anybody
voted in the Europe
last year it's the same system as that
I'd like I really like stressed this is
not me analyzing their manifesto it's up
to you to ask questions and to like find
out where you stand on things there's a
link to the manifesto to the whole
manifesto in the description box down
there and I highly recommend that you
read it if you want to know my opinions
on their policies then hang around the
comments for a little bit and you'll
probably be able to see me debating with
people and we'll have a chat about it
you
