hi so this week your friend of mine
Gordon Brown went to the Queen was like
yo Liz you wanna let me dissolve
Parliament so I can have this election
that we've been talking about for the
last couple of years and she was like
yeah Gordon go for it and so on the
sixth of May next year the UK is going
to have a big general election and
everyone is going to go to like poke
stations and go and say oh I want this
person to win and then someone will win
and then government will change or stay
the same it's all very exciting I am
going to be doing my best to uncover the
election bearing in mind I'm in China
this is going to be made a little bit
complicated but i am going to promise
you at least four videos in the next
month I'm one video breaking down Labour
Party policy one video breaking down
conservative won't breaking down lib dem
and one of them focusing on the minority
parties are mainly the Greens the UK
party and also the BMP hopefully this
will help you to make your mind up I am
very deliberately not going to tell you
who I'm going to end up voting for and
because you need to find that out for
yourself with your brain I also thought
I'd tell you if you are over 18 and you
haven't registered to vote you can't
vote on mela sit so um there's a link in
the description box which with YouTube's
new layout it's even down there on the
sidebar um you need to go there and you
need to register you just need to put in
your address and details and stuff like
that it's really easy just make sure you
do it because otherwise you can play
your part in democracy which is what
we're really proud of in the West I
would also like to link to you the BBC
live feed for everything
election-related and they cover
everything that's going on with each
party's election campaigns and it's very
very concise and updated regularly and
it's a good way to keep on top of things
so that will also be linked in the
sidebar which they will so today as well
as telling you that I'm going to be
doing breakdowns of each party and stuff
I also wanted to ask you a violin
you stole question a week or so ago I
asked on Twitter whether they cared
about celebrity endorsements in politics
this of course is for very long time
been a massive part of American politics
but has only recently started on coming
up and becoming important in the
campaign's of British political parties
yesterday the famous actor mark all came
arm came out in support of the
Conservatives mainly because of their
proposal for voluntary community service
for young people Daniel Radcliffe also
known as Harry Potter says that he's
going to vote for the Liberal Democrats
and Cheryl Cole has said that she thinks
Gordon bones got the X Factor and that
she's going to be voting red car may the
sixth so do you think the way that these
celebrities vote is going to affect
which box you tick next month on Twitter
a min ish said I've however actors for
their acting singers for their singing
and politicians for their politics so
obviously the support of an X Factor
judge isn't going to sway his vote
however Jessica Gilbert X mentioned that
in the 2004 US elections there was a
very effective campaign led by diddy
under the slogan vote or die this of
course got a lot of people to vote to
otherwise wouldn't have but are they
just voting for the sake of it have they
really researched their politics etc so
let me know what you think of celebrity
endorsements um if you have any opinions
that you want a voice about any
particular parties about any of their
particular policies and please do let me
know an Ultron mention them in the
videos that are coming in the next month
again make sure you register to vote if
you're from the UK if you're American in
your fancy voting for y Prime Minister I
don't think you're gonna have much luck
um but yes I will see you guys very very
soon I've got to go and read lots and
lots of manifestos now right I'll see
you soon bye
