hello Internet Jassa here today we're
gonna like chill out a little bit I've
been talking about going over serious
topics recently um and quite frankly my
brain is fastened so I thought that
today we'd be able to talk about movies
if you're okay with that my friend
Rowan recently did a video talking about
her favorite LGBT movies coming out this
year starting with the likes of
moonlight but then going through a load
of really kind of interesting indie
movies that you probably haven't heard
of that are coming out in 2017 I thought
that I would do something similar to
that but talk about the movies the LGBTQ
movies that are like kind of quirky
obscure probably not heard of them
before so that when you're in your like
queer safe spaces and you're chatting
about how brilliant moonlight was you
can whip out all of these fantastic
examples of queer cinema and impress
everyone
me I'm just give give give I'm just
gonna mention five really amazing LGBTQ
movies that you probably haven't heard
of but that I think that you should go
out and see sound good at some point you
got to decide for yourself who you go
they let nobody make that decision there
has been quite rightly loads of trays
and hype about how amazing moonlight was
and it winning Best Picture at the
Oscars was definitely deserved just a
shame that happened there's a mistake
moonlight you guys won Best Picture
something that you may not know about
moonlight is that the director Barry
Jenkins has talked quite a lot about how
influenced he was by a Hong Kong news
director who I am also obsessed with
called Wong kar-wai one has directed
some beautiful ridiculous movies lust
caution is one that was quite big in the
international scene but also stuff like
mood for love Chungking Express are
phenomenal pieces of Asian cinema that
ah just he's a brilliant director an
unconventional storyteller and his
cinematography and the way that he
frames shots and the color is just
phenomenal but if you specifically like
moon right then I would recommend that
you went and watched one gar wise happy
together
this film was kind of like a closet door
for me when I was growing up that came
out in 97 I think I watched about 99 mm
it started my lifelong obsession with
Tony Leung and Leslie Cheung and you can
see all of the influences kind of seep
through into what made moonlight so
cinematographic ly interesting from this
way
popping colors the unconventional camera
angles and the wonderful cinematography
there and you can see their influences
that seeped through into a work like
moonlight and this film in a way that a
lot of one of our white films are um is
about it is two main characters a gay
couple that have moved to Argentina then
trying to find happiness both separately
and together and this film is really
about kind of realizing about when you
have to let go of love even though the
chemistry and the desire and your want
to give your full self to somebody is
there if somebody treats you poorly then
you have to make some decisions in life
and this is an amazing it's soon it's an
amazing film I just we watched it and
then seen always makes me quite so I
would 100% recommend happy together I
next want to recommend you the boys in
the band which oddly is directed by the
same director as The Exorcist but
thankfully is nothing like it
the film is based off of a screenplay
that was on Broadway in the late sixties
this film was released in 1970 and it's
really stunning
how I don't want to say ahead of its
time it was because that's a real cliche
but how honest and true it was to the
gay male on experience in that it showed
a group of grown gay men kind of being
catty and being like trapped in a space
together and all of them kind of
projecting their own amount of
self-loathing of the fact that they were
gay onto each other and wrestling with
ideas of love and what was expected of
them both in the straight world in the
face
but they lived in outside and in this
gay world that they inhabit within the
four walls of this party that they're
that a couple of fun facts there's one
scene where I'm it's the earliest
example of a commentary on fragile
masculinity that I've ever seen when a
couple of characters talk about male
hairspray and also for you something
called controlled no is nowhere on the
label is it called hairspray just simply
controlled and the words for men are
written about 37 times it's all over the
goddamn can also it is thought to be the
first mainstream American film to
extensively use the word cunt fun fact
this is ultimately a really sad film and
resonated with me big time because I
remember what it was like to not want to
be gay but to still be happy that I was
which sounds like a conflict of
interests but was so and like it's such
some familiar feeling and I think that's
why this film hits home you're stoned
and you're late you were supposed to
arrive at this location at approximately
8:30 - 9 o'clock what I am Michael is a
32 year old ugly pop Mark Jew fairy and
if it takes me a while to pull myself
together and if I smoke a little grass
before I get up the nerve to show my
face to the world it's nobody's goddamn
business but my own and how are you this
evening it is a play so there's not a
lot of very exciting cinematography in
it but it the dialogue and the way it's
written in the performances are
outstanding a lot of the cast that were
on the Broadway version of this play
reprise their roles in this movie it's
probably most well known for this little
piece of dialogue that I'll leave you
with
but yeah you if you haven't seen this
film watch this film you're a homosexual
and you don't want to be but there's
nothing you can do to change it not all
your prayers to your God not all the
analysis you can buy in all the years
you've got left to live you may very
well one day be able to know a
heterosexual life if you want it
desperately enough if you pursue it with
the fervor with which you annihilate but
you'll always be homosexual as well
always Michael always until the day you
die quickly before I go on to the next
film right now both of those are
available to watch on YouTube but shush
don't tell anybody I'll link them in
that little corner thing either it's
there or it's there um
so go watch them quick luckily the next
film you can also watch relatively
easily it's called game face and is on
Netflix at the moment it's a documentary
that follows two LGBT athletes as they
go through their coming-out process and
the challenges that each of them
respectively have to encounter when they
go through this process she's an
not her undefeated record that has
everyone talking she is a transgender
female
you know it follows the stories of
Terrence Clemens and Fallon Fox um both
of whom started off in their respective
sports basketball and mixed martial arts
closeted Clemens is a gay man and Fallon
Fox is a trans gay woman and I loved
this film this documentary because when
I was growing up I had no real role
models that I kind of identified with
and it's really humbling especially when
you live in a liberal bubble like myself
now to see um how there are still parts
of society that it is still incredibly
hard to come out as trans or as gay and
both of these athletes had huge amount
of push back both of these athletes had
to deal with prejudice as they were
coming out and were scared but what is
really amazing about this documentary is
the support networks that both of these
athletes have and that is what really
kind of like touches me and is if you
want to feel warm and fuzzy is
definitely a documentary worth watching
on Netflix if you have a spare house
Merry Christmas Eve bitch tangerine is
such a special film so even if you this
film came out and went 2015 I think and
even if you completely ignore the fact
that this whole film was shot on iphone
5s it's not even like the iPhone 6 when
the camera got bigger this whole film
was shot an iPhone 5s is he edited it in
Final Cut frode's and loads of the
actors in the film that had very little
acting experience before this they used
real locations as much as possible even
if you kind of ignore all of that this
film is so I could blindside you
it's brilliant cuz in like the first
like 10 15 minutes there are these
amazing like action shots that I can
only really compare to like the moving
cameras and the dynamism that you see in
a film like Mad Max fury road of life
these panning shots around these
characters and they're storming for like
a goal of whatever their their goal is
that they're trying to get to the place
of the person that they're trying to
find and it's just and the music is kind
of like thumping and electronic and I'm
just like dentally did they do it they
definitely did I like it's such an
experience to watch this film
in a similar way to one of our wise
Happy Together this also has like the
contrast had been really ramped up in a
lot of the shots and so you have these
huge beautiful contrasts in color and
apparently that's why they called it
like tangerine because when they up the
contrast all of this la Hollywood sky
came out is like this bright orange
tangerine color and it's so it has such
a dramatic but also calming and
beautiful ending that just really warms
your heart and is a wonderful portrayal
of the camaraderie and sisterhood that
exists between trans sex workers in LA
and it really opens your eyes to kind of
like the matter-of-factness of that
world but also kind of the dreams and
hopes and aspirations that each of those
individuals have themselves whether that
be the pursuit of love or the pursuit of
being able to make art or the pursuit of
just being able to like pay the next
paycheck all of those themes are there
and you're there and invested in each
and every single one of the characters
and I think this film is brilliant
enough at the moment it's also still
available on YouTube for as long as that
exists so I'll link it in kind of like
the information bar but they say like if
you haven't seen tangerine watch
tangerine are you seeing a theme with
all of the films that I am giving you I
think you should watch them fuck up
you're not even hard yet fucking hard
shut up that it that's our one final
film before I get onto a couple of
honorable mentions on how to survive the
plague
I don't want to be I don't want to
exaggerate and say it changed my life
but this really put into perspective um
what it would have been like for me had
I been born ten years earlier it tracks
the AIDS epidemic and the group of gay
men who were all kind of part of the
movement to try and get treatment and
research for people who were infected
with HIV and suffering with AIDS and
there were a couple of things about this
film first of all that the AIDS epidemic
only started to be taken seriously in
started to get air time when white
educated rich men started getting
infected with the virus this hadn't had
existed in like the sex industry and in
communities of color for years before it
kind of like hit mainstream gay culture
and was kind of ignored even more so
than it was when it was when it came to
be known as like the gay plague and
these people who the people documented
in this in this documentary mostly
incredible like IV V Ivy League educated
white handsome men who are palatable for
an American audience there are over 140
drugs out there that the FDA has
identified as possibilities and are in
some stage of being looked at right now
why they 140 there's got to be one or a
combination thereof that can that can
slow down this virus or halt it in its
tracks you're just simply carrying the
virus is that correct I have a few very
minor symptoms in my immune system is
virtually shot and there's a reason that
that's the case because other media is
racist but it is so interesting to see
how many people were excluded from this
battle to combat HIV um when my
community was so ravaged by it it's all
so really humbling for me because I
don't know about those of you who are
younger but I was born in the 80s I was
born in 1989 at the height of maybe not
the height but like one of the scariest
times to be a gay man in the world and
so that 80's for me don't feel like this
ancient distant time and God this plague
that was killing people left right and
center it's such a recent part of LGBT
history and I think and we as a
community should not forget that and
because these things don't generally get
taught in schools at least not yet we'll
work on that we need to make sure that
we educate ourselves about the like how
shit it was to be we're not a couple of
honorable mentions first of tried is a
British comedy movie touching sweet
funny it's amazing it's about a group of
gay people who team up with minors under
Margaret Thatcher's Britain and start
kind of like what we now see is like the
Pride movement and this whole tradition
of protesting in the LGBT community and
it's really it's it's such a
fantastically told story in such an
entertaining way and has a load of
amazing British acting heavyweights in
the cast and is such an important
reminder of
that if you want something then you
bloody well have to inconvenience
yourself and fight for it
ah it's a brilliant film you should
watch it if you really really likes
happy together then you should watch the
British movie The Weeknd which is a
really touching movie about a spoiler
alert a weekend spent with a gay couple
with the starts of one-night stand and
end up falling in love over a weekend
and it's really similar to one kar-wai
films in that the characters are given a
opportunity to be happy but will they
take that opportunity who knows and then
I want to give you the iconic lesbian
movie from France blue is the warmest
color um I would watch the film because
the film is iconic but make sure that
you read the graphic novel that is based
on as well it's also brilliant thank you
so much for watching this this film I
Adele a filmmaker this video is made
possible by my patrons who help me to
keep this channel going it's sometimes
especially nowadays really difficult to
make any money off of youtube and you
guys make this make this that much
easier thank you to the guys whose
name's scrolling across the screen thank
you please let me know if you think I
have missed any standout films that are
kind of like a little bit off the beaten
track obviously Paris is burning isn't
on this list because I feel like most
people have seen palaces burning now
although feel free to drag me in the
comment for not including it but um I
would love to do more of these like
where pop culture recommendation lists
I've already done books which you can
watch on this channel um but maybe I'll
do TV shows or like comics and things
like that could be fun if you want to
see more queer shit then um subscribe
there that's my face but also um what's
this next video YouTube already thinks
that you'll like it because it's all
seeing
the algorithm has determined it so so
enjoy seeing that as well right goodbye
