Oh your internet Java here this year the
bank Barclays were kind enough to invite
me to March with them at 5:00 there at
the front of the parade and it was a
really great opportunity to celebrate
everything LGBTQ and plus I love fight
it's legitimately one of my favorite
time of year
and it's especially an honor and a
privilege to be in London where the
whole city shows it colours literally
with storefronts and government
buildings draped in rainbow colours to
celebrate us a lot of this is often
criticized for being superficial but
frankly this year I didn't give a damn
because it was recently snapped back
into focus for me how lucky we are to be
in a city that is dripping in rainbows
once a year
I was recently in Orlando and it
happened to be around the anniversary of
the post nightclub shooting where a man
with a gun entered into the club on last
night and killed 49 members of our
community it was particularly harrowing
for me because as somebody who travels
quite a lot I always I like almost
always go to the local gay bar of
wherever I'm travelling I've been to
Orlando I haven't been to the pulse club
but I could have really easily been one
of the people in that venue that was
shot injured or killed
and friends of mine could have really
easily been amongst the many that ended
up losing their lives over the weekend
and it is somewhat selfish to be
emotional about that particular fact
that oh I could have been affected by
this um but it does bring it home I had
a very real physical reaction to the
pulse nightclub shooting and it's taken
me a while to kind of realize why this
is beyond the fact that it was a
opponent attack on our community I think
it's because of this idea of space that
we have created as gay bi and trans
people as face that we are forced to
create because society didn't and in
many cases still doesn't accept us that
space was invaded and turned into a
hellhole that night over a year ago in
Orlando a couple of weeks after I
visited Florida I was in Chicago and I
decided to go to the world-famous bar
Roscoe's tavern that's quite well known
for putting on RuPaul's Drag Race
screenings I had a brilliant time I was
settled down with a GMT nestled between
two groups of lesbians and I think
because of the fact that I had recently
been around a lot of the stuff that was
happening for the post anniversary for
the first time I was scared to be in a
place that promises by the very colors
that it shows on its walls it promises
that I would feel safe there and I would
be accepted there yeah I was scared and
I was I I am kind of ashamed of that
lgbtq+ people will always be a minority
and at least for the time being that
means that we are a novelty for an awful
lot of people and as such that means
that sometimes we get unwanted attention
this far into the 21st century I can
still get heckled on the street or have
a bottle thrown at me in a club because
of the fact that I am dancing with
holding the hand of or kissing a
same-sex partner things are changing but
frankly the only places that I feel safe
and I can like throw off all of those
shackles are in things like queer clubs
and pride parades these spaces are
places where we can be normal in how
extraordinary we are which is why we
need to in the face of everything
continue to march continue to build and
support our communities and celebrate
being a goddamn minority thank you to
the thousands of people that lined the
streets as we walked down Oxford Street
to show their support for my community
it is always moving and a real honor to
be able to take part in these marches
thank you
the world can be bloomin terrifying
sometimes especially these days but
we're going to continue sticking around
for a while yet and we'll be soaked in
rainbows while we do so thanks for
watching
you
