when did you first realize that you were
straight hello how are you good yeah
good great everything's great
yeah well no no it's not great this
could be better okay so you're fine
yeah sure you're here applying for
asylum based on your status as a
straight sis man yes sir
yes it's very difficult for me you know
I'm under a lot of persecution I am
straight no sure yeah so you're claiming
to be strained yes and you feel
repressed is that right yes we're just
gonna have to ask a few questions go
through a few tests in order to try and
determine whether or not you are a
straight woman and prove beyond
reasonable doubt that you are indeed
persecuted in your home country when did
you first realize that you were straight
date and time if possible please I guess
I've always known even as like a baby
you knew I don't think you're you don't
decide or choose do you you just born
that way so I don't think I ever figured
out just I just always have been I don't
know come on sir so I've got to
basically beat you all straight as I can
right now if you like okay in which case
I've been straight since the day I was
born
what is it about a woman that you find
attractive you trying to get into
trouble honestly it depends it depends
on different men mm-hmm quite like a
man's penis hair eyes does your gizzard
those are good you know
so you'll sexually attracted to ah no
that's that's not what I mean you know
like like sexy guys gonna be specific
yes please oops tits breasts are good do
you frequent any straight clubs at all
Weatherspoon's
when the spoons weatherspoon i go to
pubs specifically no I don't really go
clubbing anymore I'm 28
fabric right so fabric your favorite
straight straight Club right yeah yeah I
would like you to draw me the floor plan
a fabric I mean it's it's really dark in
there
what if she's really quite drunk it has
like 18 rooms better start doing it then
haven't you what how you been start with
the door mrs. Bennet the nineties room
and there's a light out dance floor the
90s were pretty good they went yeah and
they play Spice Girls here Spice thank
you and there's a bar so you like the
Spice Girls
yes seem like a very straight thing to
do to go to a bar and dance to Spice
Girls and that's the way I do it
what's your favorite type of like
straight music does it have to be about
like a straight relationship or you know
like not Kylie Nickelback look at this
photograph every time it even makes me
laugh not being dragged into them me
when did you first have a straight
intercourse you know I'm trying to be
like a serious journalist date and time
please do you need me to really go into
more detail is that ever had a child no
well that would have really helped your
case wouldn't it
I've decided not to have kids yet
because I'm young and I don't really
believe the earth will be around long
enough what is a child to exist would
have been handy evidence though wouldn't
it yes best reason to have a child I
think evidence got a couple of stimuli
for you say what you see and that's a
rainbow flag it's a rainbow flag
what does that mean gay people and the
overarching lgbtq+ community very good
you got all the letters and the plus
well done can you identify this at all
that's a bad photocopy
I don't know what that is what is that
is that the straight flag that's really
mean if that's the straight flag that
that's the straight flag really like
really it's a tumblr
from tumblr yeah is that the authority
can you tell me what each shade means so
apathy entitlement they don't mean
anything
Nickelback avocados and white and white
people good I'm just questioning their
design principles okay well done tumblr
what's the next stimulant we're gonna go
show you eight profiles of people who
have mental afflictions let me know if
anything particularly moves you in a
particular way just tell me when to stop
if you see one anything could I take
that home for my nighttime times oh wow
hello sexy
so aroused leave that there ready for
the next one
ready for the next one oh I'm so worried
about him I'm not sure what he's seen
you know like someone's just throwing
equations at him and he just doesn't
know what to do these to me don't look
like mental afflictions they look like
like this is my characters wall Shaq
test you know what that is that's when
you say first thought that comes to mind
yeah when I show you some blocky block
blocks okay it's Princess Leia with two
berries on each bun one bearing each pod
two berries total sorry sorry sir apron
apron the tongue emoji
little fuck I feel with paid no it's
actually a load of aubergine and the
squirt emoji alright I thought yeah good
this feels like a very happy chap who's
having a nice day and the rotors seem
like someone who's comfortable who's
having a nice time this one is just a
little bit gay is it gay in a bit funny
am I allowed to say it's bit gay what
does it mean
did I pass we'll let you know in about
six months okay you'll be fine
but you're not gonna be able to work for
those six months you kind of just have
to hang out that's alright that's fine
you know someone right no no not really
oh well that's a shame this is horrible
okay do I just leave you can leave that
goodbye
what would you say if I told you that
all of the things that we've done today
all of the questions that I've asked you
or questions that have been asked of
LGBT refugees applying for asylum in the
European Union is exhausting and
presumably significantly less funny
would it surprise you to know that they
even got somebody to draw the layout of
a nightclub I thought that you had made
that up I did not think that was real um
because I yeah could not draw a floor
kind of my own flat so it's meant to be
like you're adhering to the LGBTQ
lifestyle like somebody was asked to
draw a floor plan of heaven of the club
in London because the LGBT lifestyle is
like that during blueprint yes yeah
really
didn't you know if I really was leaving
my country because being straight was
banned
mm-hmm then I couldn't attend a straight
Club mm-hmm so of course I'm gonna
answer no but then you're sat there
going you know it's just like setting a
really shitty exam so the zahn detest
somebody doing the test is told to
choose like a couple of portraits of
people who genuinely have been diagnosed
with like schizophrenia depression
homosexuality because it was a mental
illness back in the day and then that
isn't meant to be able to give me
information to try and figure out what
mental illness is you have really yeah
100% and they still do this there's on D
tests and other similar kind of like
personality tests were only deemed to be
inappropriate to like try and prove
somebody's sexuality this year in a teen
shot that is just I mean wow was there
anything in particular that I asked you
that particularly like took you a back
or like shocks you or felt really
invasive I like asking when I first had
sex
rude snake like how to hang it you're in
a really strange surroundings you
probably would you know you're not
giving sort of natural answers you're
kind of stressed you're kind of anxious
and I'm guessing the answers that you
give wouldn't aren't really that
accurate it's something that is inside
of you and it's soaked
fixing within you and it's something you
wish that you didn't have anyway and
then trying to prove that you have
something when you spent your entire
time trying to deny it would just be
really really tough some countries like
the Netherlands in the UK actually have
really really good guidelines okay
problem is those guidelines on always
carried out fantastically so you end up
with these great ideas of being able to
assess somebody's vulnerability and all
that kind of stuff but then the people
who actually end up carrying out the
people who would be in my place asking
those questions are not well trained
enough do not understand LGBT culture
well enough do not understand the
cultures that these people are coming
from well enough and how those things
intersect and so you end up with a huge
spectrum of different types of
experiences from people who have gone
through this process right right that's
scary
it took me 13 years to be able to get to
safety
mm-hmm 13 years to say yes I am free
even though that I'm free I'm still more
free
