hello internet jazzer here I talked big
before about the fact that I was going
to be recording a lot in the run-up to
the ocean that ended up not happening
for those of you who aren't following my
escapades on Instagram and Twitter I am
currently on part of a trip set up by
the u.s. embassy to explore American
values so I've been in DC Orlando and
I've just had a day's worth traveling
and I'm now in Dallas before going on to
Chicago I'm very lucky
it's all been a little bit sane but it
has meant that this time around I
haven't been able to give you guys as
much information as I wanted to in the
run-up to the general election in the UK
this year for that I'm sorry but now
it's crunch time guys as part of this
tour I had the privilege of seeing
Donald Trump speak in person thank you
god bless you
dad parasailing heroes god bless their
families but yes our military and God
bless the United States of America see
teach that he did on Memorial Day and
talking to his supporters afterwards
really did fire home hammer home fire
hope is not a phrase we needed hammer
home the consequences of democracy and
of the choices that we make around
voting and who represents us if you're
still confused as to who to vote for
then I would recommend listening to my
podcast which has been continuous
throughout this whole process that is
where I am overtly political with my
co-host Jimmy and where we've been able
to do something there's a little bit
more of a breakdown of policy and what
is happening current events and how this
election is being shaped but today I
want to encourage you to make a decision
I know said in all of my
my videos in the run-up to the election
in 2015 there are legitimate reasons to
vote for every party there's an awful
lot of tribalism at the moment social
media encourages echo chambers thought
bubbles thought bubbles and it is very
easy to demonize the other side Tim
Fallon's a homophobe Caroline Lucas and
the Greens are incompetent Nicola
Sturgeon is a filthy nationalist Theresa
May is heartless and Jeremy Corbyn is
incompetent those are all things that
you've probably heard and depending on
your view on each of those people you've
IVA batted them away or embrace them
wholeheartedly but what is important for
us as young people and I'm assuming
you're relatively long young person
watching this I have my Democratic side
everything about you
we're pretty shit at partaking in
democracy and that is a point of immense
frustration for me because we could have
so much bowel power we could be a voting
bloc and so often we let down the people
who could be representing us rather than
take into consideration the views and
desires and wants and needs of young
people because we don't turn out they
focus on protecting the status of baby
boomers in our country who have it
really really good of multinational
companies and have it really really good
and I think this campaign for all of its
faults has managed to show that nothing
is a given this was meant to be the
nothing nothing election right this was
meant to be just the waiver to either
may um destroyed labour she was going to
get like a massive majority of
proportions not seen since 97 and Tony
Blair ended up getting into Downing
Street with that something huge majority
we've seen those false close labor are
still behind there's not as poll that
has shown the Jeremy Corbyn Labour Party
are in front of the Tories but it's been
actually really refreshing and really
encouraging
that this was meant to be the brexit
election and what's ended up being the
topics of discussion has been Social
Care has been even the environment and
set to a certain extent um security
because of the recent London attacks and
the Manchester bomb in order to maintain
my sense of personal branding I have to
encourage you to vote and encourage you
to sometimes vote for the lesser of the
evils there's no one that I particularly
back 100 percent in this election either
but I know what outcomes I want I'm a
big believer in reforming our vehicle
system that's the big thing that is
driving and actually the major thing
that is driving my voting decision on
Thursday you can listen to the podcast
shameless plug to figure out to find out
who I'm actually very involved and
you'll have those issues as well but
there are also issues of like tactical
voting if you want to keep a particular
party out there are resources that will
help you do that look at all of the
links in the description below they will
help you and although your uncle Jazza
would rather that you did turn out and
choose to vote to someone in your local
constituency remember you're voting for
your local MP not for the person who's
going to end up being Prime Minister
that's very important but the options
are spoiling your ballot and abstaining
and voting are also open to us in this
country I think that is also an immense
privilege but please ensure that you if
you do decide to not vote or to draw
Willie on your ballot paper why they're
always Willie's then do not do so out of
ignorance or laziness with your tea of
laziness sometimes as well I'm going to
leave resources from the BBC which could
either be a right-wing pressure media
organisation or the voice box of
left-wing shills depending on what side
of the political aisle you are the fact
that both of those criticisms get
targeted the BBC probably shows that the
BBC is pretty fucking good
they have breakdowns of
of all of the major parties all of the
major parties stances of their
manifestos take the time to read through
it in the hours that we have before you
can go to the polls and then if
genuinely nobody tickles your fancy then
abstain or draw the lily or vagina or
vulva whichever you like but just know
that whatever you do even if you're in a
safety like I am your vote will have
consequences and then finally actually
the final thing I want you to take away
from this and I think that we're getting
better at this as a society since brexit
and Trump happened because we realize
that our fuck she can get real democracy
doesn't end on June the 9th the day
after the election democracy is an
ongoing process you will end up having
an individual representative who goes to
Parliament to speak for you make sure
that you hold them to account let them
know that you don't like whatever they
say if you don't and if you do like it
then like send them the handclaps on
Twitter we love that shit and if you
fill yourself aligned to a particular
cause join it go out on marches go to
hustings to meetings because democracy
does not end on a single day every five
years or however many years is if you
see bad in the country and in the world
that you live in it's your job to be the
change that you want to see in the world
there's an Instagram quite for you
this isn't a particularly sexy video
it's not meant to be there will be more
sexy videos coming later yes like that
actually genuinely like that that will
be coming at some point the one thing I
keep on telling myself even in the face
of I'm representative electoral systems
and in the face of politicians who lie
on all sides of the aisle and on
politicians who have
ulterior interests and views that i
found of holland in some cases and
policies that make things worse in the
face of all of that I think that
Election Day is a chance to make it so
that they find it impossible to ignore
you make it impossible for them to
ignore you and we'll get there we will
now go do your thing I've been wrong
with oranges see you really - I
you
