because I'm a petrol head so I race cars
and do crazy things oh yeah oh you're
such a badass
oh you'll stop being cooler than me oh
this is Gina Miller and I am Gaza hello
Internet Gina is a phenomenal human
being she is the lady that you may have
heard of in the news a few months ago
who made sure that Parliament had a say
in the triggering of article 50 starting
the process of us leaving the European
Union and making sure that democracy was
played Ravin Tereza may just going oh
yes I'm going to leave now toodaloo
making sure that we actually you know
had some old democracy in the whole
process she's lovely and great no Prime
Minister no government can expect to be
unanswerable or unchallenged Parliament
alone is sovereign this ruling today
means that MPs we have elected will
rightfully have the opportunity to bring
to bring their invaluable experience and
expertise to bear in helping the
government select the best course in the
forthcoming brexit negotiations
negotiations that will frame our place
in the world and all our destinies to
come Gina is adding up a campaign called
best for Britain which is aiming to
support candidates that are going to
hold the government to account and not
just give them carte blanche not just in
brexit but in all of the policies that
we're going to end up having to deal
with in the next five years on that note
it's really important that you register
to bloomin vote if you haven't yet and
if or if you're unsure as to whether
you're registered to vote make sure that
you are registered the deadline is the
22nd of May it's really soon but I got
to sit down with Gina have a chinwag
have a bit of an existential crisis and
she really inspired me give this video a
like shirt around hopefully will help
somebody else out on we go um hey Gina
hey um thanks so much for talking to me
um I think you're bloody brilliant um
and thank you very very much for being a
voice I know
not a politician but being a voice in
this whole shitstorm for process that I
have been able to identify with because
it's been like it's been really
important for me and I know that it's
been really important for a load of um
people who felt really voiceless
especially I'm just being me you know
like a totally and please for the love
of God keep keep doing like I personally
at least have really really needed that
especially in the past couple of years
where um I've always been raised to be
like into politics and uh especially in
the last couple of Elections that we've
had I've had an awful lot of skin in the
game and have lost an awful lot of that
skin and it's gotten to the point now
where I'm like um I'm actually kind of
embarrassed to be British right now
because I am one of those globalized
metropolitan armed educated elite bugger
whatever no no I have been struggling to
find stuff that I can kind of like still
be have the same pride of being British
as we had when we watched the opening
ceremony of the Olympics in 2012 it's
interesting you mentioned that because
that's a thing I keep going back to and
I've had thousands not it's not just you
yeah yeah there are thousands and
thousands of people who've got in
contact with me through social media or
letters they've actually put letters
emails and feeling exactly the same as
you saying we thought we lived in a
different country we don't lived in a
place which everyone loved everybody and
we were really fair and we know nobody
was threatened or felt that they lived
in fear there's something has happened
that this fear that has come descended
on everyone because they're frightened
to speak out they're frightened to be
different they're frightened to to ask
questions and that's so dangerous not
for the people who are just feeling it
but it puts our whole success fee we're
all stressed basically the whole of
Britain is stressed and feeling sort of
a sense of depression and I've heard
people over and over again say this term
Pandora's Box you know it's been open
Pandora's box is all this negative
actually remember the bottom of the box
was hope and the hope is when we all
come together and we're positive and we
know that we can change things because
it's it's simple things like you know if
you just do one thing and other people
copy you and there is copying and
copying that
whole multiplying rice you know grain
effect is extraordinary so we need to
all stand up and just reclaim reclaim
Britain reclaim the country we believe
in and we're proud of and that is real
it's a fantastic global brand we just
need to get out there and make sure that
the ones who are trying to tarnish it
don't win how do we juxtapose ourselves
with like for example of Prime Minister
that seems to be really intent on making
mainland Europe some of our closest
allies in history I'm seeing like the
bad guys who are trying to interfere in
our elections and all of that if the
tone of all of this is so disgraceful
because you know it's talking to someone
into you and they said we actually want
to be fair and help you but you're self
harming which is interesting phrases if
we're watching the UK self harm we want
to help you and you don't want our help
so I have it looks interesting way of
looking I think the reason is actually
like I say actually like of course she's
incredibly bloomin smart and I think
that she definitely she's become the
bloomin foreign minister it's like that
yeah yeah I'm wily phox yeah um but she
I kind of hope that this is posturing so
that she can get this thumping majority
that is expecting us B and then she can
go back to talking to our allies as if
they are allies yeah I'm sorry but I'm
not so fo hopeful on that point because
this whole idea no no the whole idea
that you need a bigger majority to
increase your mandate and your hand
you're negotiating hand is not true this
is all about pot and power is you call
elections to power grab that's why you
call elections ya need to break the
wires yeah and she did it to the time
where her five-year cycle starts again
she's making the most of a diabolical
opposition in the Labor Party
she's you know riding high into
popularity stakes I mean why not call it
now it's a really clever thing to do but
the dangerous side of that is she does
walk away with this massive majority
which means that she and her majority
can do whatever they want so we need to
make sure that doesn't happen but I do
not will for one second believed it was
because she was doing what's best for
Britain and increasing her negotiating
hand the EU have said to themselves it
had nothing to do with it in terms of
you
being apparently so I prefer I'm
Romaniacs to Ramona
I haven't heard that word somebody
suggested it to me on the podcast of my
own and I have just kind of yeah grabbed
it Wow with it yeah it they're like I
think it's brilliant um but as our chief
Romania um can what do you think of when
you kind of remember what you're
fighting for and what it is that is
continuing to make you go out there in
face of all of the abuse that you get
online in face of all of the pushback
that you get in mainstream media and
grown-up men who should know better
frankly what is it that's keeping you
going well I mean yeah well every part
of my life has changed and I you know I
have security all the time now and this
was things tonight I sent an email to a
girlfriend of mine in LA and I said I
was thinking about this new campaign
what should I do and she sent me back in
block capitals and bold for goodness
sake step up to your power which is a
real la term isn't it so I sent back and
you know understand what that means I
kind of sort of embraces and carry on
what I'm doing it and I send back tiny
little email in sort of font 914 okay
it's because I basically I hate bullies
and I think that's where we're ending up
in we're ending up in a political system
where power rests in the hands of very
few people the Prime Minister and an
executive who's going to start issuing
executive orders about the environment
about our working practices about our
education and you know we're going to so
somebody's got to fight and would the
people I'm really angry with is the
Labour Party and I'm a Labour Party
supporters I'm saying it from a point of
being a member of their club is it in
when there's no opposition we don't have
a proper functioning country so
somebody's going to stand up and at that
point it's got to be people it's got to
be ordinary people from walks of life
and I'm I'm in a place where I can do
that do you want to see more Gino
Miller's I want to be I think everybody
should be a hero in their own space and
time and they should stand up everybody
has a voice and they should use it
there's only three things I say that
people own is their voice their
conscience and their actions and you
have to use them because if not you
can't complain I'm sorry but if you
don't want to get out there don't
complain
you're part of this campaign
best button and we need to talk about it
because it's why you're here um
but can you tell me um how you're trying
to make sure that as many people are
getting informed in this election as
possible so so the best for Britain
dot-org has got three main strands one
is to try and get young people and sound
that brexit is going to be the biggest
thing that's going to affect their life
for the rest of their adult careers so
getting your tuition fees was a big deal
yeah yeah this is it every single thing
you you drink you eat you wear you know
you buy is going to be affected by
brexit so you've got to stop getting
involved and get out there and use your
voice secondly outside of just young
people the turnout rate could be
disastrously low because everybody's fed
up in a way they've had referendums and
elections but they've got to be
re-energized to understand that this is
your chance for the next five years
because the clock starts ticking again
so for you know get out there use your
vote millions of people in the world
have died you know from women women who
don't normally turn out I'm saying to
women you know suffragettes have died to
give you the vote now go out there and
use it this is so important and thirdly
is let's back candidates who really will
put the country first and will not just
bow and scrape to their party
allegiances and loyalties forget the
tribes let's vote for candidates they're
going to do the right thing
vote for choice and put their principles
above their party politics and we'll
help you by identifying those people
will recommend you then you can buy can
you give me three things that people can
do other than jumping on a hashtag on
Twitter and sign up to our to our and
support bit on best for Britain org and
we'll start sending out questions people
can ask how they can get involved on the
ground how they can get involved on on
social media so we'll be giving them
tips for engagement yeah and we'll also
be putting out a dashboard on the
website of who to look out for candidate
wise and then where we are around the
country because we'll be traveling and
doing different things
road trip yeah right right we haven't
got a bus but we go right trip it's okay
I think we'd better stay away from the
buses yeah I think so but you know we've
we've just signed up with them we were
really excited we will be working with
bite the bullet bite the ballot sorry
bite the ballot Obama yeah I know I like
the bullet he did exactly the same thing
but coincidence oh yes and you know my
life might say since and UK were lots of
and there'll be more organizations as
well but basically we want people to
become ambassadors of what we're doing
and just spread the word that you can
make a difference the fights are over
yet
your little thanks I think you're great
and I want to be you when I grow up
no no no tell you when I grew up I
always wanted to be Wonder Woman because
I thought I am I mad about DC Comics
yeah see that's the problem I still
think no see I'm a Marvel boy dad you
both I both I wanted you to be Dark
Phoenix when I was older yeah well the
city called me the Black Widow so maybe
I could be happy didn't yes you could
have worse enemies
Aegina thank you so much community
welcome heyyyyy yeah it's done so is
thank you so much for watching this kind
of stuff is made possible by the people
that were support me on patreon if you
want to have a cool space to talk about
the election is same formed about the
election then please do think about
becoming a patron and going on this
journey with me if you've liked this
video and you can subscribe my face from
the SUBSCRIBE orb here and here's a
video that YouTube think that you like
go on
binge view you know you want to
