well let's see what to louisa may have
to say with this prize announcement i
have just shared a meeting of the
cabinet where we agreed that the
government should call a general
election to be held on the 8th of june i
want to explain the reasons for that
decision what will happen next and the
choice facing the british people when
you come to vote in this election
behalf of everybody who disz vaguely
news related content on the internet
please politics stop will kind of handle
it too much stuff happening Grover oh so
Theresa May has called a general
election it for like in six weeks time
ah we thought this coming everybody saw
this coming she has a majority of only
like 16 in the House of Commons it's
going to be very difficult for her to
actually have a mandate to be able to
push through all of the policies besides
brexit that she wants to pursue she have
a really weak opposition in jeremy
corbyn's labor it all makes sense she's
going to win more seats increase her
majority and be able to govern the fact
is at the last election David Cameron
won the election his policies and his
cabinet won the election and tereza may
try to put something true to do with the
amount of tax that self-employed people
have to pay and she got a lot of sick
for it because she didn't have a mandate
and this her calling a general election
in six weeks time means that she's going
to be able to get a mandate and be able
to govern properly it all makes sense it
all makes sense and it means that she
can do the brexit that she wants it
makes sense so in six weeks we'll have a
new government and that government is
most probably according to polling going
to see a much increased number of
conservative MPs it's going to see a
huge decline in the number of Labour MPs
not least because of jeremy corbyn's
politics and jeremy corbyn as a person
and him not really looking like a
potential Prime Minister you kids now
have no MP since douglas Carswell
decided to become an independent so it
will be interesting to see how they deal
with a general
where well the conservatives are the
party of bricks it now and we're all
brick suitors now but we can't ignore
that this is the fourth year in a row
that we have had a consequential
referendum or election for us to deal
with as a nation we have the Scottish in
the referendum in 2014 the general
election in 2015 we had the brexit
referendum last year and now we're going
to have another general election one of
the big scary things that makes me
concerned is voter fatigue and whether a
lower number of people are going to turn
out to vote we're exhausted as a nation
I am exhausted talking about this but I
know it's kind of my job to you know
inform help make sure that you guys go
to the polls what's important for you
right now is to find out where you're
going to be on the eighth of June which
is the proposed date for the general
election of 2017 and figure out how you
need to register to vote whether you
need to register to vote again I've
personally just found out I'm not going
to be in the contrary on the eighth of
june so i have to register for a postal
vote google register to vote go and
register even if you're you think that
you're already registered why not
register again just to be safe just to
make sure please for the love of God
just because you're exhausted as I am
does not mean that you shouldn't have
your voice heard this time around and
even if it looks like it's really
obvious that the Conservatives are going
to win a huge majority and labor are
going to be absolutely decimated you
have the right to be heard make sure
that you take that right I of course in
the next few weeks I'm going to be doing
my best to make this as vaguely
interpretable and digestible for you
guys so that you can make informed
decisions I will be breaking down all of
the major party manifestos and in the
next few weeks I want you guys to be as
informed as bloody possible don't let
them take
your vote for granted you've got a duty
as a citizen for goodness sake this
still has to go through Parliament and
be a food via a two-thirds majority
because of something called the
fixed-term parliaments act in order to
break that usual five-year cycle that we
get so it's possible that this won't go
through it seems unlikely though but now
is not the time to be complacent we need
to inform ourselves as electors and make
sure that the people that go and
represent us in Parliament end up
representing us whether you are a
breakfast here whether you're a boner of
a maniac like me it's your job to you
know pull your finger out be a bloody
citizen right we'll be talking about
this on my podcast that I dishonourable
where we try and create a place where we
can discuss these kinds of political
shit shows um and obviously if you want
to stay informed subscribe here on my
channel because I'm going to be doing my
best as in the next few weeks to give
you all of the information ok I'm going
to go back it sir screaming into pillows
now subscribe here there's an orb ooh
this is shiny and like watch another
video maybe something here youtube
thinks you'll like it
