hello internet jazzer here over the past
couple of weeks it's become apparent
that a setting available on YouTube
called restricted mode which is often
used by schools public institutions
libraries has been restricting lgbtq+
content based on purely the fact that it
is lgbtq+ based on an awful lot of
research done by the people who are
directly affected by this block
including me myself it seems that
restricted mode block stuff purely for
the fact that it acknowledges lgbtq+
people the mode can completely remove
whole channels that talk about queer
topics from the internet regardless as
to whether or not they talk about
sexually explicit or adult-themed
content the kind of stuff that you would
expect to be blocked in a restricted
mode I hope that I don't need to tell
you why this is worrying but this is
super worrying this affects some of the
most vulnerable people in the world
historically YouTube has been used as a
resource by millions millions of young
people to try and find other people like
themselves to try and find role models
to try and prove to themselves that
there is going to be a light at the end
of the tunnel if they are being bullied
or going through some hell because of
their gender or sexual identity one of
the most powerful of these videos not
just the now famed coming out video was
the It Gets Better Project started by
the sex education columnist dan savage
and his husband in 2010 in the wake of a
string of queer teen suicides he wanted
to make sure that people knew that life
gets better after high school for LGBTQ
plus kids that that video is incredibly
powerful and important for children who
are struggling with their own identities
and some of these children because of
restrictions of internet access at home
are only going to be able to access the
Internet
from places like libraries from places
like school but this wonderful resource
this video the start of one of the
greatest I think campaigns in YouTube's
history is restricted in restricted mode
you can't view it it doesn't exist
unfortunately this is not the first time
that YouTube has trodden on its queer
community in 2013 we had the integration
with Google+ where people had to use
their real names despite the fact that
especially queer kids use the anonymity
of the Internet as a place to be able to
reach out and discover more about their
own gender identities and sexualities we
also saw him like late 2016 the dida
monetization Fiasco where a load of
videos had apparently been demonetized
creators couldn't earn any money off of
them and this affected LGBT content and
now we've discovered that YouTube's
restricted mode is also accidentally
clearly I don't believe that YouTube is
malicious in this way it's full of
wonderful people who work there but
they've accidentally affected the queer
community again YouTube after a lot
YouTube after a lot of badgering from
creators and people behind the scenes
have released a blog post that admitted
that the tool was not working in the way
that it should do and that they were
working to fix it we needed to make a
lot of noise for them to get to that
point there was a tweet that they
released initially that was basically
like um sorry a bar with IE you feel
this way guys I can send you loads of
YouTube videos YouTube that show that
that's not a good way of dealing with
criticism it's really important to say
as well that it's not just lgbtq+
content that has been affected by the
restricted mode on YouTube it may only
account for about 1.5% of views but I've
seen the
gaming channel outbox extra have videos
restricted in restricted mode um I've
heard people say that skydiving videos
have been restricted in restricted mode
it was the case that child lines whole
channel was blocked where they talk
about vulnerable issues for young people
and are used as an educational resource
this was blocked in restricted mode it's
now been fixed but it is really clear
that this feature on YouTube is not
working how it should work
as I said YouTube have now said that
they are trying to fix the tool and I
think that they think that that's that
they aren't going to need to explain
themselves to us anymore but I I think
that we have them on the back foot and
we should now be making our I don't want
to say demand because I want to be
incredibly polite and YouTube are good
guys they're listening to us but I have
set up a petition on change.org that
that has some really reasonable requests
when it comes to how restriction motor
functions and how it affects us and more
importantly more importantly the people
that are going to be most affected by
this the vulnerable kids who need these
resources who need these resources so
after talking with a load of creators
about what our expectations should be
from YouTube when it comes to restricted
mode we've come up with three very clear
hopefully realistic goals that we want
rectified by YouTube first of all when a
video on a channel has been removed and
is blocked on restricted mode tell that
channel YouTube's comment
suggested method of figuring out if your
videos have been restricted in
restricted mode is to turn on restricted
mode and search to see if the videos
appear or go directly to the videos URL
to see if it's viewable hey YouTube some
people have thousands and thousands of
videos on their Channel and to use
Silicon Valley jargon that's not
something that's scalable let us
our second expectation of YouTube is for
them to give us guidelines that indicate
what content is filtered out under
restricted mode is it sexually
suggestive is it moderately violent does
it include the promotion of drugs is it
too excessively swearing we should be
able to know what types of content are
being affected by this restriction and
especially if we want to be able to
reach out to some of those most
vulnerable children that I suggested
would only be able to access the
internet and these resources in these
public spaces that use restricted mode
then we need to know how we can adjust
our content so that those children can
still find this these resources thirdly
and finally we expect YouTube to give
channels a clear way to appeal what they
see as unjustified inclusion in
restricted content in the same way that
video D monetization can be appealed you
can say YouTube you've got this wrong we
should be able to do that with
restricted content as well you know what
YouTube that's going to make your tool
work better as well
it's going to ensure that whatever
algorithm you've set up isn't deciding
that anything that's vaguely queer and
gets restricted this is the human
element in this tell us when something
has been restricted why something has
been restricted and let us tell you when
we think you've got it wrong I urge you
if you're a creator or your viewer
because this affects all of us
and not just those from the queer
community um please go to change.org
sign this petition
it gives there are lots of people
working on this behind the scenes but
this gives us more clout if we can get
as many people as possible to voice the
fact that this is what we want from
YouTube it's very easy for them to
ignore us and the YouTube community
often flares up for a couple of days and
then dies down let's not let that happen
this time thank you very much for
watching if you have any questions tweet
me if you have
comments tweet me leave a comment below
I have been running on jizz my name is
Java to lid
