hello Internet Jessa here no I haven't
timed this shirt naughty guys I did it
again I got in another Twitter argument
list I'm it wasn't what Ben cook motor
novelty um oh is with my mate Rowand and
we're still very good friends but we had
a little bit of a disagreement on the
interwebs whoopsie we got into a little
bit of a disagreement because the
National Union of Students trans
Congress last week decided to vote to
try and block the police as an
organization from partaking in Pride
events across the UK actually proposed
by delegates from my alma mater
Manchester University hello guys how are
you doing
they start if their reasoning is being
because the police disproportionately
target trans people along with sex
workers working-class communities and
communities of color for policing
leading to an increase in those groups
in the prison population now the police
do have a checkered past when it comes
to dealing with minorities especially
those of color especially those of
sexuality and especially with members of
the public who happen to be trans in
fact only recently did we see the case
of multiple murders of Grindr users not
being taken seriously in the East London
area by the Metropolitan Police it got
quite serious four people were murdered
because it was assumed to be tied to the
kem sex lifestyle rather than the
actions of Oh a serial killer when it
comes to erase the claims of
disproportionate targeting of black and
Asian communities remains persistent and
we even have the East Asian community in
the UK claiming that crimes against them
are not taken as seriously as people
from uh palatial backgrounds not even to
mention the fact that there is void
institutional racism still existing in
the UK police system these are very real
and present problems and it's often
really easy for people like me spoiler
alert
White's this man here to claim there are
racism and homophobia are in the past it
doesn't happen
I've only ever had positive interactions
with the police it must all be fixed now
it's it's not but I do believe that we
can only make things better if we choose
to work with these organizations
especially organizations that are meant
to be protecting us out in the big scary
wide world
yes organizations big organizations like
the police often there's agile as the
Titanic rushing towards an iceberg but
the thing is the police are looking to
change things and they are changing
things it just it takes a while the
pivotal reason that I am so against this
proposed ban by the National Union of
Students to stop police as an
organization from being part of Pride
Parade is because I know queer people
who work in the police and they're
really proud to be doing this job
they're proud to be out there protecting
us and doing their best to make sure
that not just our lives but everybody's
lives are safer they have pride in that
and I feel like they have a right to be
proud of their lgbtq+ honest in tandem
with their police nests at an event like
Pride an event that is meant to be about
us being proud of who we are even if it
doesn't really shine well with what the
NUS thinks a queer activist and a queer
person should do there are arguments
that police officers would be able to
partake in pride in an individual
capacity but there is something really
brilliant about being able to be there
with the organization that you work for
knowing that they're fighting your
corner even if it's in an imperfect way
and taking away that might proposing
taking away that right from those
officers that work so hard to make the
police better and to make our lives
safer
that's that's the thing I have an issue
is because it's like saying now sorry
mate you're not you're not the right
kind of queer and I don't want to move
the goal posts too much for their plenty
of organizations pride who have had
questionable pasts when it comes to
their treatment of LGBTQ people all of
the political parties there was a very
recent time when they were quite okay
for homosexuality to be illegal um and
for managed to not happen if we start
kicking people out because we're like no
so you've got a checkered past like it's
just gonna end up being the NUS
confidence marching down whatever road
it happens to be and this is meant to be
a time when queer people in all of our
difference can come together and
celebrate and also be activists and to
take that away from certain individuals
I I have I have that's my issue cest
mourn it's you haven't that French in
one's life I really used to know what
you guys think about this whole debacle
because that what a feeling in the quite
a lot of you will disagree with me feel
free to shine plenty of light on the
fact that I'm coming at it from a very
privileged background but leave us a
comment below
tweet me at Jessica in a Twitter water
like me and variant it but I'd be yeah
engage let's have a chat let's talk this
out let's get this one out in the open
if you enjoy talking about political
queer shit that's me subscribe to me
please thanks also I want to do question
videos so my mate Lena was doing a
series at the moment where she's like
answering questions every single day for
Lent I would like to give you advice
think we need to talk guys
um but if you have any questions about
the political world at the moment the
queer world at the moment the beard
world
moment leave them in comments below
tweet them at me and I want to turn that
into like a video series because I'm old
now and I feel like I had some wisdom
questionable anyway I've been running
with oranges love me okay bye
you
