hello Internet jazz' here so my
demographics tell me that quite a lot of
you are significantly younger than me
don't worry I'm not jealous of your
youth at all I also know from some of
the videos with I put up and the
conversations that we have in the
comments on Twitter and on the snap
chats it never goes from chat snapchat
what am I talking about oh but I know
from the conversations that we have in
the way that you guys talk that a lot of
you are from the lgbtq+ community or
allies of that community and to you I
say hey girl hey bad gay in a lot of
ways I'm really jealous of those of you
that are like in your teens and early
20s and I in the gay community now
because I um and know like YouTube when
I was coming to terms with my sexuality
and I had no kind of like role models
that I could look up to
it was literally the only gay people
that I'd ever ever heard of were Graham
Norton and Stephen Fry who are lovely
but don't provide very broad kind of
spectrum of different types of queer
people to be honest I used to seek out
queer media as much as I did whenever
there was a TV show that was on later at
night I had a gay kissing it I would
stay up and watch it will sneak down
from my bedroom and turn on the DB
really lows but I could actually think
be exposed to any kind of gayness
whatsoever I think I remember the first
two gay themed books that I ever read
were a mysterious skin which got turned
into a movie with Joseph gordon-levitt
which in retrospect has loads of like
pedophilia in it and probably wasn't the
best book for like a 16 year old no 16
old fine but it will it wouldn't I wish
I'd had a softer landing into queer
literature let's just say that and then
I think the second gay themed book that
I ever read was song of Achilles because
it hit one quite a few Awards and I was
quite excited about the idea of Achilles
being in like
gay relationship let's be fair
mainly because Brad Pitt played him in
that movie joy that no everyone's like
conveniently forgotten about frankly
another really an appropriate novel for
like a young man to be reading as like a
foray into LGBT literature like it it
was mainly it was like a gay Fifty
Shades of Grey just with like Greece as
a backdrop and swords I yeah I didn't
have the best of luck when I was younger
really last year I teamed up with
penguin to suggest a load of queer
themed book for LGBTQ plus month and I
can't want to do that again so because I
wish that there had been somebody there
suggesting that I read like books for
teens so these are after this really
really long introduction that I've given
you so so these are a handful of books
that I wish that I had had access to
when I was younger and queer teen call
okay why couldn't I have just started
the video with that one sentence if
you're gonna do a list of like gay teen
literature you kind of have to have a
David Levithan book in there he did Will
Grayson Will Grayson which you wrote
with John Green which is like bloody
amazing um to be honest I read that last
year and then I heard everybody talked a
lot about boy meets boy and how amazing
this is and I have I have like an adult
cynical mind and so when everything is
like bubblegum
and quite nice and lacks conflict I kind
of get annoyed but then I think back to
what I was like when I was a kid and I
needed this book like I genuinely
legitimately needed this book it's like
the world that you wish you grew up in
and that you wish you existed and I
think that if I ever heard this the when
I was younger I would have had a higher
expectation of what of how I wanted the
world to perceive me of how I
wanted the world and how I expected the
world to interact with me as a gay
teenage guy um and it's kind of
bubblegummy and sweet and very young
adult fiction in that it like is based
around a high school thing you that high
school life you're going to see a theme
in quite a lot of those but it is quite
bubblegummy but it's like quick and
funny and I essentially wish that
somebody had given this to me when I was
like 13 so that I would have the high
expectations of society that I have now
if you know I mean so for higher
expectations boy meets boy by David
Levithan I'm not going to do that for
each book that was lit I remember when
the art of being normal by lisa
Williamson came out everybody
collectively really lost their shit
because of the fact that it was a
legitimate like funny novel in the young
adult category that was like really
moving and also happen to be about like
trans issues it follows the life of
David who is a trans girl in high school
and fuck manage it I think that
obviously not trans like I'm painfully
cisgender but I really felt like I
really felt like I was getting an
insight into kind of like this state of
being of okay I'm kind of I'm aware of
what I am now what the fuck do I do
do you know I mean but I also really
really really like about this is that
actually um the main characters trans
status it's not the most it is not the
like the only characteristic of them you
it's also a book about being from a poor
background and going to a posh school
which being in the UK um and being
around those kinds of environments where
your class is probably the most defining
aspect of you rather than like your race
or your gender identity that I thought
that was really really interesting and
insightful as well
and I wish I'd had this when I was
younger because I like didn't really
know that trans existed until I was like
22 um I didn't really understand
I heard the word cisgender when I was
first like 24 um and if this had been
around in like the mid 2000s um when I
was the mid naughties when I was like a
young kid I just really cuz I would have
gotten it so much earlier and it's a
really entertaining book to read so you
have to being normal Lisa Williamson
book - wait next is another sexuality
identity story that I wish I'd been more
aware of when I was younger um mainly
bisexuality
um just Juliet by Charlotte vagin has
just come out um
and has I mean a very provocative like
it's very clearly a gay book let's let
let's be fair I read this on like a an
e-book uh so I didn't have to go into
the run but it's a very that's a cover
just Juliet it's also somewhat guilty of
the same thing as boy meets boy in that
it I think it provides a really until ik
ideal of what it's like to be a queer
teenager in the United States however
it's still speckled with some of the
road bumps um and there's almost like a
how-to guide even for people who aren't
from the LGBT community it's also allies
I think of basically how not to UM not
to react when somebody comes out to you
especially when you're by the main
character Lena ends up falling in love
with Julia and she has bumps along the
road of like a boyfriend who then
becomes quite homophobic towards her she
has a family they don't really
understand what buy is and I'm like oh
why can't you just just choose boys then
and all of that classic shit that by
people have to go through and she has a
best friend who's like oh I know you
you're not going like she encounters all
of the negative share that especially by
people go through and that's why I think
that this book is really important and
I'd recommend it not only
- quick it's but allies and parents of
queer kids as well because it's kind of
like a hey don't tell someone they're
not bi there's also a gay male couple in
it called lakin and scott and per half
the time i hate them and then half the
time i want to be them because they're
like in love at 17 and I'm like up you
and your happiness I feel like just
Juliet balanced the road bumps that you
get as well as showing that you can be a
really happy teenager when you don't
conform to like gender and sexuality
norms and so I think that this is really
important also came out it's just come
out so check it out um Charlotte Megan
just Juliet blew up someone you will
know that I am dyslexic I therefore love
a good graphic novel give me a queer
graphic novel that gives you like an
academic look into the lgbtq+ community
and I'm in heaven I just bought this and
firstly smells amazing but also I wish
like all of the books it I wish that I'd
read this when I was like 16 17 because
it's basically queer theory with
pictures it has stuff like what is
normativity what is the queen of agenda
what is structuralism what is nature
versus nurture argument
how does quizzed on feminism intersect
how how is heterosexual normativity a
problem it's brilliant and let me just
show you like it's this is what
textbooks should be like at university
like this would make it so much easier
to understand shit I haven't even told
you about the name of the book it's
called of queer a graphic history um and
it's written by Mike John Barker who's
like a queer activist um and Julia
she'll who's undone all of the
pictures and I wanted something like a
nonfiction in here because I love a good
nonfiction book because I like to learn
things um and also more queer theory in
education please Thanks
okay on that note as well speaking about
ABCs of LGBTs
um my mate Ashley Mardell is just about
to come out with a book called that
called the ABCs of lgbtq+ I haven't read
it yet
um but check out her videos here I'll
send a link link go to her video and you
can then pre-order her book as well
because she knows her shit like she's
become a really great queer um like
educate education and educator mode and
jela I'm trying to read a lot more
because um well for one I'm still
unemployed and I was I kind of want to
relive my youth through young adult
novels um I would love to hear what you
guys would suggest in terms of like gay
LGBT queer themed books that really
helps you when you were like younger and
coming out especially those of you that
are um like 10 years or more younger
than me because I want to know what
resources you guys are using what are
you what did you use in order to come to
terms or what are you using as you come
to terms with your sexuality or gender
um that would be really useful I'm also
missing like UK stories maybe maybe
there's like a like like a market for
that maybe thank you to write my a UK
novel said the dyslexic um the graphic
history queer graphic history is the
only one that's made by Brits um because
we do make the best graphic novels in
the world just saying but I would really
like to know if you guys are aware of
any other like young LGBT based um
stories that you think would be nice for
me to read also I was thinking of doing
this the movies what do you reckon
I've got some in my head that I'd like
to tell you about anyway I've been wrong
with oranges those of you who are
missing the politics on this channel
it's coming back I'm working on like a
reaction to the first debate that we
have been feeling with Clinton and
Donald Trump just now hopefully that'll
be out in the next couple of days as I
said funny probably loads of free time I
will see you guys soon nothing wrong
with oranges to Luke by his scribe I
love me subscribe love me like chair
engage shimmy shimmy shimmy
quickly this was also a hashtag add
video um it was the guys who published
just julia inc it who gave me some money
towards this video arms and I was more
than happy to because I was making this
video anyway and their so happened to
say can you review this knife like yeah
sure um so I thank you and get for
sponsoring this video
cool awkward talking about money or I'll
go now bye
