uh-huh it's been a shitty few weeks
hasn't it
so we voted for brexit brilliant I've
taken the last week also to calm down
and be less angry but if you want an
idea of how important I was remaining in
the EU was to me then listen to this
reaction when I found out that my
podcast co-host was going to be voting
leave so I'm potentially gonna vote
ladies which is going to upset you I'm
going to explain my reasoning why no
this is not proving a productive
conversation no I also went live on my
Facebook page when we found out early on
Friday morning that we were going to be
leaving me you and yeah it's really hard
for me not to feel resentment but older
people in certain parts of the UK have
basically just throwing the vest of the
sums of the bus quite frankly you know
what you all said you wanted bloody
change well you've got it now haven't
you David Cameron promptly resigned on
Friday morning after his side of the
referendum lost out and now we're gonna
have like a caretaker government for
three months while the Tories membership
of a hundred and fifty thousand people
which is like noir point two percent of
the British population are gonna decide
who our next prime minister is great
running to be on net for Minister we
have a man who's happy to take money
from organisations that that gay
conversion there would be another man
who for some reason everybody seems to
think would actually quite like to
allegedly get in on some of that
conversion therapy an ex-banker who for
some reason doesn't want to release all
of her tax forms or why wonder why an
evil like cyborg teddy bear who is very
happy to stab everybody in the back and
has made our politics seem more like
house of cards than ever before and the
least evil option who when you actually
take a look at her is still pretty evil
so I'm ecstatic what's meant to be a
country's opposition are currently
having the wettest and damp his
political coup that I've ever possibly
seen they're basically like Jeremy could
you possibly maybe
perhaps in Capelli think that'd be a
little handy for us I reckon he's gonna
get on the ballot I reckon he's gonna
run and win the leadership election and
then the Labour Party are just going to
dissolve in front of our eyes and I'm
super worried about that because we need
an effective opposition in order for
government to work properly
even at Prime Minister's Questions the
PM said this look if he's looking for
excuses about why the side he and I were
on about the referendum frankly he
should look somewhere else and I have to
say to your noble gentlemen he talks
about job insecurity and my two months
to go it might be my party's interest
for him to sit there it's not in the
national address and I would say for
heaven's sake man go no I don't think
that David Cameron said that because of
political posturing I think that he
genuinely wants there to be an effective
opposition and I'd quite like that as
well especially as there's going to be a
really undemocratic process for choosing
our next Prime Minister only 150,000
people are gonna choose who's gonna run
the bloody country right now to be
completely honest I just wish I were
Scottish because that part of the world
seems to really have their political
shit together let's not talk about the
Labour Party of Scotland because
normally Nicola Sturgeon I think has
come out really well of this as she was
the only political leader that seems to
have any plan post brexit at all even
you kick the leave campaign leave Tories
none of them have any idea what they
want the country to look like now that
we've chosen to leave the EU it's it's
like oh this is crazy you know how crazy
this is right the vast majority of
people that voted to leave the EU are
those who have been disillusioned with
politics for decades let alone the last
election cycle there was a really good
brief film from sheenasumaria where she
went up to the Midlands where the
majority of people like something like
70 or 80 percent of people there voted
to leave you'll get reporters come to
these areas
the first thing people might mention is
immigration because it's been absolutely
fed to and day in and day out there
Monday actually get get to the bones of
what's that mean and talk about the
decimation and the lack of help in these
areas that is retracted cut out of any
footage so it betrays them as races in
the way that they want to portray us
what you see there is a culture that has
lost all of its primary industry a lot
of the working-class communities have
been decimated by the fact that
working-class factories have been closed
then you see the fact that the people in
Westminster don't seem to be
representing them I'm a fan of it been
around I think that he was actually
quite nice but how the hell does a guy
who was essentially privately educated
in London the son of an academic
socialist how does he represent
Doncaster a lot of what I've been
thinking about over the last week plus
has been basically what the fuck can I
do and I don't I don't fall into the cup
of people who think that we should just
ignore the referendum even though there
were grounds to do that like it's not
constitutionally binding in any way
shape or form what I do think there's a
case for is when our terms of leaving
the EU are negotiated and we'll have an
idea of how much it's going to cost us
in terms of that three hundred and fifty
million pounds a week which is low
fucking bullshit anyway well know where
we stand with freedom of movement we'll
know where we stand with how influential
we're going to be within the European
Union still even though we're going to
be leaving it once those terms are
negotiated I think that we then have a
case for the British people to decide
again I don't really like the idea of
another referendum but what I do like
the idea is of us having a general
election to decide who it is that
instigate article 50 if we want to
actually instigate article 50 but what
we need there is gumption within the
parties in order to say hey this was a
mistake we shouldn't be doing this we've
seen that with the Liberal Democrats the
greens are asking for a progressive
coalition between primary labor the
greens and the SNP and the Lib Dems I
would support something along those
lines but what I think that we need to
be
well that our country has changed for
I've posted something on my personal
Facebook like the day after two days
after the referendum result and I wrote
something wrong on the lines of well
done you will voted for getting your
country back what I feel like I've lost
mine and that idea of the country that I
thought that I belong to the idea of
Britain I've never really identified as
English particularly well but idea of
the Britain that I feel part of I'm
gonna continue to fight for that I will
fight for that whether that's we've
taken the piss out politicians on the
internet or whether that's through
activism that I am signing up to as long
as we make our voices heard which young
people aren't particularly good at
really low turnout in this referendum we
could have swung it really supported I
think that we need to pull our socks off
and get to work and make sure our
country is still our country lololol
funny funny video though we've been
talking about this in depth on my
podcast the right dishonourable please
go over and listen to that subscribe to
it leave a review
give it some stars I'm really proud of
that podcast at the moment please check
out like we'll share this video if you
want to give some people a kick up the
ass because I think that's what we need
and I will see you very soon
I've been wrongly larges to live
you
