in the UK we have an election coming up
you may have heard we're going to be
deciding whether or not we're going to
be part of the European Union or not I
want to make sure that each of you are
registered to vote so that you could
have your voice heard that sounds like a
lovely thing right but I'm very aware
that politics doesn't do particularly
well on the internet and you guys have a
very short attention to that so in order
to combat this I've invited some of my
friends along to do challenges at me so
that you guys are entertain but I'm also
going to be throwing information at you
in terms of how you can register to vote
and why you should register to vote does
that sound good excellent shall we begin
yeah thanks Lex our first challenge is
the somebody close to me does my makeup
challenge person helping you this is
legs you're very obnoxious so I've never
had any makeup put on me ever before
above my life foundation on TV you know
you're alone no not at all now is the
time to fucking battle so basically all
of the main reasons that you should
register to vote now because last year
the government changed the way that
people register to vote so essentially
that means that about million people
have fallen off the register and it
could be you you need to make it bigger
than that they can pick them out I can't
make your mouth finger
nothing can be an amazing figure
basically if you haven't received a
polling card by now about like where
your local polling station is and where
you need to go to vote on the
twenty-third of June which is when the
actual referendum is the night of just
assumed I would just assume that you're
not registered to vote and register to
vote anyway I mean it creates more a
dreamer but I recommend about tonight
like in love democracy is giving a
browser them what do you do to oh okay
oh shit going back why do you suddenly i
feel very expressive about you so
conclusion for this section is what are
you listening to anything I was going
ready if you haven't received your
pollen God yet assume you aren't
registered to vote because the
government change stuff last year you
need to register to vote again before
the end of the 7th of well done you did
contribute something very important
remember to register to vote for 730
yeah that's like a boy challenge number
two is the cinnamon challenge cuz this
hasn't been done to death yet to help me
with the cinnamon challenge is Kalin
Merkel again hello
and it'll help me explain you a friend
and registration process um well yo kick
yeah I'm very much am very excited about
that have you ever done the cinnamon
challenge I did know I wanted whats in
my mouth challenge and they've got
cinnamon in my mouth without my
knowledge the election is on the
twenty-third of June now the important
thing is that you make sure that you're
in the correct place in the country on
the twenty-third of June even though
this is a nationwide vote you need to
make sure that you're in your local area
in order for you to be able to go to the
polling station actually put an X in the
box loads of people aren't going to be
there because people travel people go to
glastonbury festival Curlin I'm in a
different country yeah you're going to
be in a different country isn't going to
be able to physically go there so you
need to register to vote in order for
you to be able to do a proxy or post
work I'll come in to that in a minute
but shall we do the cinnamon challenge
yeah she is okay that was so much worse
than I was expecting it to be it's like
my mouth is a desert so what have we
learned from this one why was the
cinnamon challenge everything into if
you aren't going to be in your local
area on the day of the vote which of the
23rd of June that you need to register
for something else which we're going to
do in the next challenge thanks Cal
you're welcome bye bye I
videos challenge number three is going
to be more makeup being put on my face
and that's going to be done by the
lovely man day don't worry take your
time take your time very good excellent
hi hi so option one if you aren't able
to make it to the polling station on the
twenty-third june is a postal boat and
you need to basically be able to have
enough time to receive a letter and
posted back in time for the election
have you got a registered to vote yet
you should've gone to register to vote
by now so my main aim was like people
couldn't make up on me i was expecting
to look absolutely terrible but you've
just made me look really beautiful this
doesn't make you much I did all your
basic stages but my hands okay thanks
man me by mike you so I I wanted you to
make you look ridiculous but I'm more
pretty the third challenge is the chubby
bunny challenge and here to help me with
this is ruined
ah very good excellent don't presently
intimate yeah I apparently have a
massive us we're going to put on
marshmallows in our mouth and then say
okay it took me like I'm a toy his mouth
no listen to vote we've lost Lucy she
was too grossed out by it hello
disgusted Lucy can come back now Lucy
yeah yeah where it's plainly what party
boat is now welcome back boo see you
don't have to look at this stuff they
just like that absolutely disgusting I
can't believe this was ever a trend so
in conclusion if you're not going to be
in your local area on the twenty-third
of June when we have the referendum then
you need to apply for a potion phone if
you're scared that you're not going to
get the postal vote in time then you can
vote by oh didnt cute foxy voting is
essentially you getting somebody else to
vote on your behalf they have to go
physically to the same
polling station is you and put an X in
the box on your behalf if you're doing a
proxy vote both of you need to be
registered before the 7th of June which
is the registration deadlines are you
seeing a pattern yet registered to vote
ok thanks bye girls thank you very much
for helping very good excellent very
good lovely thank you ok it's out of the
shot later so we can have some kind of
continuity Cheers so um Oh stuff comes
off well that's very good I've never
done this before three things that you
need to remember if you haven't received
your polling card yet then assume that
you're not registered to vote it's
possible that you've fallen off the
register take nothing for granted if
you're going to be able to be in your
local area and go to your local polling
station on the twenty-third of June the
day of the referendum then find just
register to vote Google register to vote
go to the website do it it takes five
minutes you need your national insurance
number find that out beforehand and do
it before the end of the day on the 7th
of gin if you I'm not employed for that
heavier on the twenty-third of June the
dev referendum then you're probably
going to have to apply for a postal vote
in order to apply for a photo vote you
need to already people edges to develop
make sure you do that before the 7th of
June you're not going to be able to make
it to your polling station on the
twenty-third of June and your words that
you're not going to be able to receive
your polling card on in the post in time
so that you can post although then your
other option is to vote by proxy and
register to vote by proxy in order to do
this you need to be registered to vote
by you guessed it the seventh of June
and you need to make sure that the
people the person who is going to be
voting on your behalf voting by proxy
you need to make sure that they are also
registered to vote that they're over 18
just register because you may not have
figured out what you want to do how you
want to vote in terms of a European
referendum I don't particularly care how
you are going to vote this isn't like a
party political broadcast and this is
just me trying to get as many people and
the register as possible because you
might not be on the register so get
yourself in the register and then at
least in the next three weeks if you do
decide on the day that you want to have
your voice heard and you want to not
have older people um and that lock
decide the future of our country then
you can have that choice to do it if you
registered about so register okay i'll
be honest i'm going to miss Howe
porcelain the makeup make my skin my
name is jeiza I have been rhyming with
oranges thank you very much for watching
share this video like it if you enjoyed
it make sure that as many people see it
as possible and make sure that all of
your friends they're just such a fucking
boat has the point gotten lost yet who
knows okay bye-bye eternal ooh
