hello YouTube she has a hair shall i
wade into the hole all my blog
controversy let's have a chat about this
and see what it says about YouTube as a
medium shall we let's go on my blog came
off of the red hot dead tree press last
week and basically kind of ironically
actually broke the Internet everybody
went a little bit crazy had an
existential crisis and was like oh my
god what does this say about the world
as a whole that Zoe is on the front page
of magazine and there's a whole magazine
dedicated to people who do makeup
tutorials well I have mixed feelings
about this but I surprisingly I think
that it's overwhelmingly positive oh my
vlog seems to be positioning itself as
basically Smash Hitz but for vlogging if
you remember what Smash Hitz is first of
all you're old and you should probably
stop watching YouTube now and get back
to work secondly you will see the
similarities like they're basically the
same thing come on now I feel like the
world lost its in two very distinct
forms when my blog revealed itself to us
first of all it was those of us who are
content creators and I for one I'm kind
of sick of the fact that mainstream and
traditional and that includes dead tree
media they kind of have this perception
of people who vlog as a very specific
cooker cookie cutter person they will do
challenge videos prank videos like blogs
about how many brushes they use for
their makeup and what's beautiful about
YouTube what's amazing about YouTube is
that there are people who have millions
and millions of subscribers and views
who just unboxings and there's videos of
people teaching you how to learn like
Japanese and there's videos of people
talking about politics and social issues
hey and when I saw this it wasn't so
much anger and resentment it was more
the fact I've oh like forgotten like
this is it's lazy it's pretty lazy and
it's going to kind of perpetuate the
idea that everybody who put something on
the internet is the kind of creative
that is on this front page and a vlogger
is a particular type of person who makes
this kind of come to
and we're not if you're a vlogger then
you can make any kind of things it's
like saying you're a writer you might
write Shakespeare you might write fifty
shades of grey like there is a huge
fiction with the kind of content that we
end up creating then mainstream media
kind of started freaking out and they
were like oh my god so ella was it on
Great British Bake Off she made it into
my living room and now she's on the
front page of a magazine everybody panic
panic and it's like bro chill your kids
obsessed with this girl she's really
really popular that's the reason she's
on Great British Bake Off that's the
reason that they all bought her book and
that's the reason she's being put on the
front page of not actually just this
magazine but loads and loads of
magazines she's huge what's also
particularly amazing about on my blog is
that I think this is the first time that
traditional media has been shaped by the
audience before it is even made in the
past it was gatekeepers so like the
publishers and the TV producers who
decided you are going to be popular
people are going to care about your love
life I'm going to take photos of your
bomb in a thong and we were kind of
convinced by tabloid press and by news
coverage and by the glossy magazines
that this was stuff that we should care
about and we bought it we decided that
we cared about this kind of stuff that
these media outlets thought that we
should care about what's happened
without my blog is that the mainstream
media has kind of gotten done to the
fact that loads and loads of people love
these people loads of people like these
creators it's not like what they used to
do is like they can't just decide all
you should all care about Peter Andre
sex life we decided before mainstream
media did that we liked these guys and
yeah they're all in the same management
company they're all with gleam futures
and they all have very similar cookie
cutter low growl content like fine
whatever we're all not all going to be
like John Oliver or PBS idea Channel but
in the past
would have seen mainstream media say you
should care about Peter Andre and his
abs and his sex life here consume a
reality TV show about him consume
magazines that have him his his face on
them and this is the complete opposite
this is audience is deciding what they
care about and then the traditional
gatekeepers being like oh god we need to
make something about these people and I
feel that that shows the amount of power
that we now have as consumers what we
like is trackable and then the media
companies have to be reactive to what
they know about us based on our consumer
habits rather than them deciding that
Katie Price's boobs are particularly
interesting there is one particular
thing that is negative about on my vlog
that I wanted to touch on based on an
article in The Independent by my good
fellow maya lamented the fact that these
guys being the face of UK and global
youtubing and none of them are people of
color none of them are people of
minority backgrounds um and that kind of
sucks a little bit because the
mainstream media has picked up on these
guys and that's because glean futures
are a particularly good management
company more than anything right but
they picked up on these guys and these
guys are the ones that are incredibly
popular but then those of our like rid
especially in the UK those of our really
really popular bloggers who are from
like black Asian and minority ethnic
backgrounds have kind of been ignored
from the mainstream media focus on
YouTube as a creative industry you very
rarely see stuff about ksi that could be
because he's a particularly
controversial figure you very rarely see
stuff about people like Sully breaks
about patricia bright I guess Jamal
Edwards from SB TV has kind of like had
his moment in the spotlight but these
people kind of end up getting glossed
over in favor of these white and
inoffensive faces and I think that that
is something that we should really be
vigilant of in the
k YouTube world there is more to
blogging than just these white faces or
not I don't have a problem with them
being white obviously i am translucent
but the facts that are really creative
and amazing individuals who are making
stuff on the internet get overlooked in
favour of these probably because these
like particular personas are inoffensive
in the way that they come across are now
presented as like my faces i think that
we're lesser for that for that lack of
diversity I've talked for way too long
so let me know what you think of my my
blog is this Armageddon or is this just
kind of like market forces happening and
how do you feel about the race
representation problem that sometimes
seems to happen when mainstream media
talks about YouTube I'm obsessed with my
hair I'm sorry leave me a comment down
below I will be swimming around there
and talking to you as much as I can and
I will also unlike it if you liked this
video and if you want to have more
nuanced to discussions and you think
there's more to YouTube than makeup
blogging then subscribe that'd be cool
I'm gonna go now bye to lihue so our
newly elected conservative government
have decided that all drugs are bad and
thus are trying to ban everything that
makes your brain do stuff that it
wouldn't otherwise do
