hey so I had a few things that I wanted
to touch base with you guys on today
with oranges so I thought I'd take you
out and about with me on the streets of
London I'm all top knotted and ready so
let's go shall we
so it's actually raining on my head
right now what I wanted to get away from
the people on the massive get bored so I
letting myself get rained on so that I
can talk to you guys the first topic
that I wanted to chat about was the fact
that i actually did my first sponsored
video in a really long time it was the
LGBT Brooks video which is unreal of and
the books that I got to talk about were
amazing but I had to put like add in the
title because of like laws in the UK and
I was expecting some kind of pushback
for whatever reason there was like none
even you didn't care or you didn't
notice and eve of those I'm okay with
but I just want to say thank you for
supporting me in doing that because it
helps me pay the bills you guys are
awesome and now my train is here so I'll
see you guys at Liverpool Street I guess
come
Oh
the second thing I will occur to you
guys about today was the laugh of you
that went up on my channel one on human
rights and I'm so proud of like how it
turned out I may have been overly
zealous with the swooshes and the sound
effects but I'm really happy with how it
turned out it's inspired by people like
PBS channel cgpgrey Vsauce those kinds
of fashionable stuff and honestly it's
the kind of content I would love to make
if I was restricted not by time or my
money or anything like those the kind of
videos that I'd love to be able to make
and thank you for giving me your honest
feedback it wasn't everybody's cup of
tea you didn't all like it but I hope
you can appreciate that though I like I
have a couple of more of them in the can
I neda ting at the moment that I really
want to be able to show to you guys and
if you have any kind of like advice or
kind of stuff that you'd like me to
cover in those kinds of videos or if you
have kind of any criticisms because
there are a few people who like didn't
like it very much um it would be great
to hear from you because like I said
those are the kind of videos that I've
kind of wanted to be able to do for a
very long time um I'm now in the City of
London
when the bankers are there's lots of
people walking around really hot in
soups and I'm about to go to the gym so
I'm going to see if I can take you down
gym with me and not people cooked we'll
see how that
you
Oh
so that is the gym done for today I'm
feeling super pumped I'm now going to
take the short walk from Liverpool
Street to the Barbican Centre which is a
cool place to just hang out where are
sometimes like have a coffee and stuff
like that and there I'm going to tell
you point three of the things that I
want to talk to her today so I've seen
you in the same
I am just been chillin here in the
Barbican fool the past I also just kind
of getting some work done using the free
Wi-Fi acting relaxing acting all cool
and Rec I myself um the third thing I
wanted to show you about is something
that I'm just about to go and kind of
finalized and make sure it's actually
able to happen I'm going to rush it this
week because you know if you have the
opportunity to go to Russia go to Russia
I'm gonna be staying with a friend in
Moscow and I'm just about to go and see
if I've actually gotten the visa let's
hope they haven't googled me because
that could make things problematic but
I'm also hoping that while i'm there to
hook up with some LGBT kind of
Representatives maybe do some six out to
sit down in to use with them i want to
kind of show what the more normalized
size side of like queer Russia because i
feel like all of the media
representations of it are pretty you
know oh my god victims oh my god isn't
it terrible and i feel like there's some
cool stories there that don't get told
when they are sensationalized right so
that's going to be my goal for my trip
to Russia fingers crossed I actually get
it so I'm going to go to the visa office
now and figure out if I'm actually going
to be able to go wish me luck
Oh
they gave me a visa farmers are clearly
no gyuki happened and the Russian visa
office but i am going to like two days
which is like it um only yesterday now
I'm as I also tell you about a fine see
you when i'm on the bus you add the
bottle to the last and finally another
one shuttle not about is the fact that
my old broadcasts i do of my friend
Jimmy is now back and alive and actually
on itunes now is like a proper podcast
so you can go and listen to it it's
called the writers honorable and we talk
about politics and social issues and
lady I'm trying to sell my podcast
please check it out please also leave it
five stars or however many stars you
deem fit to give it and leave a review
because that helps out as well and it's
like very similar to the Human Rights
Act video that I did this is kind of the
kind of stuff that I want to be able to
make if I had no if money was not an
issue quietly this is the gun stuff I
would make if no time and no money
mattered right so if you can support
that project for me by going
it's going to it and listening and
engaging with us on Twitter that would
be great all of the links are in the
description bar below but i'm heading
kind of like chill start reading my
lonely planet on Moscow and start
planning for that if you like this video
like it shows around subscribe if you've
not seen me before and I'll speak to
pursue guys next week I promise wish me
luck in kop sure bye hello Internet
jhaza here if you've been watching the
news e news you may have heard about the
Human Rights Act and the fact that the
Prime Minister of the United Kingdom of
Great Britain and Northern Ireland David
Cameron wants to scrap it this may sound
a little bit confusing because human
rights sound like an integrally good
thing right so I'm here to explain what
a Human Rights Act is why dab cam hates
it and why people hate dab cam for
hating the Human Rights Act yeah follow
