hello YouTube jaza here so let's talk
about what's happened in the past week
or so on this channel shall we in case
you've somehow missed this i did a video
saying why i would potentially be voting
for each of the major parties that I as
an English person can vote for on the
7th of May in the UK general election I
started with you Kip because I had to
start with you Kip I had to start with
something controversial that would start
making people think what resulted was
something that I probably should have
expected a little bit more in that I
lost 200 subscribers and 200 regular
viewers which is about about ten percent
of my regular viewership to the fact
that this video came across as me
endorsing UK now just to be clear all of
those videos all of the policies that I
talked about are all things that I
passionately feel are important stuff
that needs to be considered when we go
to the ballot box on the 7th of may
therefore I had to ignore things in
certain parties that i think on helpful
or things that i disagree with the
reason I did this was because I want to
give you guys reasons to vote I don't
want to give you guys a reason to be
fearful of this party or be fearful of
that candidate one of the biggest
problems with the media in this country
at the moment is the fact that it is a
series of little echo chambers that just
have a lot of people agreeing with each
other and that does not help democracy I
think one of the greatest things that we
saw in the past five years is the fact
that we have been held together by a
coalition government that has been built
on compromise and although you may have
not expected it to last five years and
for it to do the stuff that has done it
seen two political parties that had
differing views and differing manifestos
come together and find common ground and
I think that only through doing that we
are able to go forward as a country and
be less divisive what I want to be the
takeaway from this series of videos that
i did is the fact that through
engagement you can change things look at
what's happening in scotland after the
referendum where they said no but
now have a hugely engaged electorate
we're gonna see a Scotland noun that's
going to have about ninety percent of
its seats change hands they are taking
power they are changing things through
democracy and I think that that is how
we do things and not by doing what
Russell Brand wants us to do and just
sitting at home and doing civic action
so he advocates protesting and lobbying
people right but not voting because we
haven't been given something to vote for
I wanted to give you guys something to
vote for whether it's UK or the Greens
all the lib dems or greens or labor or
SMP applied Camille the DUP or champagne
right your voice is worth hearing but in
order to have your voice heard you have
to engage find out who your local
candidates are find out what they stand
for and if at the end of the day none of
the people who are standing in your
constituency represent your views you
have another option and that is spoiling
your ballot it's better to turn out and
to draw a penis on the ballot paper then
to just be a forgotten citizen who
doesn't engage you have power we've been
given power this isn't something that
has just been given to us by the gods
people earn the vote and the fact that
so few people are using it over a third
of people in the UK didn't vote in 2010
I find that horrifying and scary and
depressing
your voice is worth hearing I I honestly
don't know who I'm going to vote fall in
the seventh of may yet I only have six
days left but i will be going to the
polling station and i will be due in
gauging in whatever way I see fit on
that day I hope you do the same as well
and i hope that in at least one of these
videos you've engaged with somebody who
had a different view to you because it's
for compromise and it's through
engagement that we are going to be able
to make this country a better place and
i genuinely believe that so that's all i
have to say on the matter I've been born
with oranges I'm in a park in Hackney
totally
look at Scotland what's happening there
after the referendum they have a hugely
engaged electorate there's a dog coming
and running towards me hello mate oh
hello hello haha she on you oh yeah oh
yeah it's gone me off you go so I'm
going to spin and say that that dog
really wanted to engage with the
conversation and want to do engage with
politics if that dog wants to engage
shut so should you hear it's a stretch I
know
