hello internet user here have you
noticed we're gonna have an election
really soon on the 7th of May and I am
gonna be voting labor that's because I
think there's more to the party than the
fact their leader looks like Wallace and
struggles to eat a bacon sandwich but
here are the reasons that I am going to
be voting labor on the 7th of May labor
are one of only two parties that can
probably possibly be the largest party
after May the 7th so that means that Ed
Miliband could very possibly be the next
prime minister and he really kind of
wants to shake it up democracy wise
labor will give 16 and 17 year-olds the
vote they want to set up a people led
constitutional convention I'm as
clueless as you are but they want people
to be deciding how our country is run in
the future this is a positive and they
want to replace the appointed House of
Lords with elected Senate of the
nation's I'm have mixed feelings about
this but it just sounds really exciting
you guys know how I feel about the EU
and I'm particularly intrigued by labour
because they said these very words that
they want us to return to a leadership
role in the EU I do think we have
neglected our relationship with the rest
of Europe for the past five years this
needs to change
I am excited by that language labour the
only party that has specifically said
that they are going to appoint an
international LGBTQ envoi to help
promote LGBT rights across the globe
this sounds really cool can I put my
name down for it possibly but the thing
is so as a gay man I can get married I
have equal rights in the workplace but I
still can't give blood why I think that
is a real issue and it's something we've
got to look at we're going to look at
the ways in which we can we can make it
happen because all blood gets screened
anyway ok okay like why am i banned from
doing anything well I'll take it away
and come back to you with a good answer
thanks let's perhaps get our own house
in order before we start telling other
people how to run their houses people in
glass houses lots of housing metaphors I
personally have no problem with private
companies providing services in the NHS
as long as those services are free
at the point-of-care and that the care
is good
I believe what labor is proposing to cap
private sector profit in the NHS at 5%
I think that's really interesting and I
think that that is a good step forward
to trying to change and fix some of the
problems that we've seen in the NHS in
the last 15 years actually
apprenticeships for school leavers who
get the grades a guaranteed job for
anybody under the age of 25 who's been
looking for over a year let's scrap the
bedroom tax and let's get led by a guy
who is comfortable enough to be on
camera with Niki and Sammy cuz kudos to
him because I'm not comfortable enough
to be in a video of Niki and Sammy sorry
guy yes there are legitimate reasons to
vote for every party it's your job to
look past the media rhetoric and educate
yourself links to resources in the box
below and if you have a spare 10 minutes
why not play Verto
where you can find out how much of a
Milly fan dumb you are you've got to
admit it's really cool that he has his
own hashtag now I have been rhyming with
oranges I am voting labour on the 7th of
May who are you voting for what do you
think of their policies let's hash it
out in the comments to leap
there is gonna be one more of these
videos it's going to go up tomorrow at 5
p.m. GMT subscribe so you see that video
like this video so that people can start
debating these important issues let's
have some positivity in politics roll on
the 7th of May yeah bye
