hello YouTube jaza here we have an
election on the 7th of may and i am
going to be voting green and i'll tell
you what it's not just because Nedley
Bennett's got an amazing xcent I
apologize for all of the Australian
people who will happen to be watching
this but here are the reasons why I'm
voting green on the 7th of May free
transport for young people and those in
education this is traditionally
something that's been extended to
pensioners why not give it to those who
are the lowest salaried and historically
in the worst job market in decades this
is something that needs to be redressed
in our society people's wages are all
going on living costs and transport this
needs to stop and the greens are
changing this surprise surprise as the
name suggests the environment is the
green strongest suit they want to work
internationally to stop global
temperatures from rising past the two
degrees limit that has been seen as
sustainable for the world as a whole
they also want to invest 85 billion
pounds into the sector which if we're
going to have a sustainable economy
needs to be done no other party is this
radical when it comes to the environment
and as vivienne westwood said at the
moment we're in the most terrible danger
I'm voting green to shake up our
democracy votes for 16 year olds more
devolution and a proportionate voting
system to replace our Comment outdated
first-past-the-post bollocks these are
all things that are being proposed by
other political parties but important
steps are making democracy actually work
in this country if you don't know what
proportionate representation is then
check out this video from cgpgrey he
uses animals to explain what it is quite
good I'm a liberal when it comes to
immigration and I want us to be proud
that immigrants choose to make their
homes here the Green Party leader Nikoli
Bennett is an example of this as she was
originally from australia I agree with
the Greens that we should abolish the
family migration moves that mean not
only the wealthiest families can make
their homes here I think that we should
extend the period of time that
international students can stay here
after their degree so that they can pay
back into our economy and I think that
we as a nation should be proud of the
fact that we take asylum seekers
attacking immigration for immigration
sake all because you read that one of
the Mater Swan once helps no
I aggrieved the greens on their drug
policy drug addiction should be treated
as an illness not a crime and we should
legalize cannabis so that we can ensure
that it is a safe drug to take and we
can also start earning some money from
all of the decoration that we can earn
from it not bad a side note if you want
to hear about another party that is
trying to push the agenda on drug
legalization then check out this video
where I interviewed the leader of sister
who are prodrugs party also running on
the 7th of may check that video out
there are legitimate reasons to vote for
every party it's your job to look past
the media rhetoric and educate yourself
find links to resources in the
description below if you've got a spare
10 minutes then why not play verto it'll
match you by percentage to each of the
parties maybe you when you cut yourself
you'll bleed green like me apparently I
have been rhyming with oranges I am
voting green on the 7th of May who are
you voting for why tell me in the
comments below to Lou
confused well there's been a couple of
these on this channel tune in tomorrow
again of 5 p.m. gmt and you can hear why
i might be voting for another party
subscribe if you like this video like it
open jaza well on the election I'm why
not dance a
