excellent on Van Daan brand hello
everybody my name is Jazmin today I'd
like to talk to you about something a
little bit more serious and
down-to-earth its anti-bullying week
this week which is a chords quite close
to my own personal work and I was
approached by the LGBT charity in the UK
Stonewall and they were like we're doing
some stuff anti-bullying week you wanna
like help us out and I was like yeah
sure and they gave me a shirt and a
hashtag to promote so if you bear with
me while I promote that hashtag that
would be great thank you very much
recent studies released by strong will
have shown that 99% of students have
heard their peers use the word gay in a
negative way for example oh that's a big
guy stop being so gay gay so let's just
clear that up they're using the word gay
incorrectly gay is a word used to
describe somebody's sexual preference
for the same gender it is not a way of
describing somebody's mannerisms it is
not a way of describing somebody's
fashion sense or their beauty regime and
it's certainly not a way to insult
somebody if you use the word gay in any
way other than to describe somebody
sexual preference then it's like calling
someone blonde in order to try and get
across the points that they have body
odor issues like you are just wrong
another one statistic from the study
showed that 96% of students had heard
their peers use specifically homophobic
language such as poof and laser 55
percent of LGBTQ teenagers over half say
that they have experienced homophobic
bullying of those fully teenagers one in
three so that they have changed their
future educational plans because of the
bullying and three out of five say that
it negatively impacts their schoolwork
although generally the trend is positive
five years ago 65 percent of LGBTQ
teenagers had experienced homophobic
bullying it's still clear that we have a
long way to go as I said I've been
chatting with Stonewall and they are
currently pushing out a campaign called
hashtag no bystanders which is part of
anti-bullying week you can check out my
video here but the premise is if you
hear somebody using the word gay in a
negative light or any slur for that
matter make sure you call them up on it
especially if it's children this kind of
behavior is learned it's not
an integral part of our psyche and so if
we're vigilant we could probably wipe
out this horrible use of language in a
generation
no check out some more links from
Stonewall down below but make sure that
you're not a hashtag activist by all
means use the hashtag but actually do
what the campaign says call people out
on their shit and I have a really cool
audience and so I trust you guys to call
people out in their shit okay if you
would like to see more of me I like to
do political and social commentary and
debate videos among with oranges which
is this channel so click Subscribe if
you like that stuff give this video a
thumbs up because that means more people
see it and we get more engagement in
this campaign I'll put some links down
below to other youtubers who are doing
stuff for anti-bullying week it's a
really important awareness cause I have
been rhyming with oranges and I will see
you guys very soon bye
I've started doing this thing where I
have links to unlisted videos at the end
of a couple of my videos um if you wanna
have a little bit of a chat with me in
comments about like stuff that I'm doing
then click on the video here and you can
come over to the unlisted video if you
don't want to do that
don't just bugger off um but yeah I like
I want to have a catch-up and we'll have
a cup of tea
and it'll be lovely right okay that's
all I have to say now bye
