hello youtube my name is Jazmin I would
today like to talk to you about a
certain prominent gentleman on the
internet who goes by the name of dapper
laughs now he has gained notoriety over
the last year or so because of his
popular vine account his stand-up shows
which are currently talking around
British universities and also because of
his television program on the jewel of
British broadcasting that is ITV - now
he's come under one up to fire and
criticism online recently because he was
banned from performing at the student
union in Cardiff because there's a
perceived misogynistic tone for quite a
lot of his content both his vines and
his stand-up routine and so 700 people
came together signed a petition and said
no bugger off and now he's not welcome
there anymore subsequently the
Huffington Post vais the independent
many many online people were like yay
your crap misogyny is bad but don't take
my word for it here a few clips a
selection if you will of some of his
content that he uploads to the web a
look at my beer Japanese Ashanti very
good very cool make ugly girl handsome
your cash I'm sorry who they lost
Cassius hispaniola spent testicle yep
get McGarrett above could be romantic
but the first time can't be embarrassed
to use the bubbles to cover your bits up
that's better hope I don't go far just
with my grandmother she loves more vines
than yeah I really do why do you lie
buddy Willie it's tiny
after watching quite a lot of his
content it seems to me that quite a lot
of his tone comes from the labs going
out for a couple of beers and pints and
a dance on a Friday and a Saturday night
and trying to go out and pull some birds
now generally I don't think that there's
a huge problem with that with lads being
lads and being together and making dick
jokes and all of that kind of stuff I
think that that is fine the issue comes
out when he starts talking about women
and specifically the objectification of
women and the fact that he has a huge
audience that is the issue right the
issue that he has influence over a lot
of young heterosexual men who may then
go out and refer to women as - and a
pair of tits and that's not fun one of
the main problems that I've had with
criticism of dapper laughs is the fact
that it has been berry one way there
hasn't been an attempt to have like a
dialogue with Vlad culture and think
about how we can mold that part of our
society into something more positive
being a lad for a lot of white working
and middle-class men is an incredibly
important part of their identity and
huffington post
vais independent everybody who's been
writing about this and making videos
about this has just been like this
society part of our society needs to be
stopped you can no longer identify as a
lad all lads are bad and I think that
that is one unhelpful because then
you're completely alienating a group of
the society that we want on our side and
who are probably the most important
people that we want on our side in terms
of treating women with respect and I
don't think that we are going to be able
to get them on site by saying that all
everything you stand for is wrong the
thing is I don't think that dapple
is necessarily the worst part of lad
culture that we need to be attacking
there is a story about Julian Blanc
I think that's how you pronounce his
name who was recently actually deported
from Australia because of the
misogynistic tone of the kind of stuff
that he puts out on the internet he is
from an organization called new social
dynamics which essentially teaches guys
how to pull girls at least that's the
surface of it but there was actually a
video that I will link down below where
he was doing a talk in Japan and said
that it was okay if you're a white guy
and you can get away with anything with
women you can go up to the street and
hold their head put it down on your
penis and it as long as you say
something like hahaha Pikachu
they giggle they love it they love being
sexually assaulted it's great I was
talking to a friend of mine who is
self-admittedly
a bit of a lad and I was trying to
explain to him the ideas of like consent
and respecting women as people not as
objects and my go-to thing that I wanted
to show him was a Laci green video about
consent it's very good go and watch it
downstairs but then I realized as I was
watching it through before I sent it to
him I was like he's going to be able to
identify with absolutely nothing of what
she's saying
what Laci is great but what her tone and
what she talks about is not going to be
identifiable for white middle-class and
working-class men they need to have
people fill the void that dapper laughs
and new social dynamics have stepped
into a huge problem the iPad with a lot
of the online criticism that I've seen
about lad culture and lads is the fact
that it's just like this is not a good
thing nothing good can come of this
and I'm like but there is a group there
of self-identified people who are a
tribe why can't we use that tribe in
order to change their outlook on their
interactions specifically with women and
interactions in society the fact is Laci
green isn't going to be able to be that
person maybe somebody like Jack and Dean
with their video on consent their song
on consent we have to find a new tone in
order to be able to talk to these young
men who enjoy who enjoy going out with
the lads who enjoy going out and having
a couple of points and like hitting on
girls there's nothing wrong with hitting
on girls but then you need to make sure
that after you've hit on the girl that
she's called with everything that you're
doing you know I didn't script this
video in case you didn't notice so I
hope that there is some kind of coherent
message here and I haven't managed to
offend everybody involved sorry if I
have I want to ask you guys do you think
that there is a way that we can take lad
culture and use it for something
positive in terms of like social
responsibility and turn it into like
better attitudes towards women or do you
think I'm completely misguided feel free
to disagree with me by the way if you
have liked this video please like it if
you like would like to see more videos
then please subscribe I look forward to
talking with you in the comments about
this I have been wrong with oranges and
yeah that's me gone by
in case you missed the video I made last
week click over there and you can see me
get half-naked and talk about body
confidence that was fun thank you so
much for engaging with that video by the
way I had a lot of fun talking with you
in the comments why I'm actually gonna
go and help I
