hello Internet jhaza here I'm not fun
for Louie sorry to disappoint and it's
not every day that I get invited to be
flown out to a five-star resort on the
Red Sea so when an email landed in my
inbox promising just that I was like yes
what do I need to do where do I sign
please I just need to get some winter
song these pasty British legs honestly
they're beginning to be translucent you
can see some muscle tissue if you look
closely enough I was asked by a uk-based
marketing company to attend the World
Youth Forum in Sharm el-sheikh a resort
well-known for Sun and sand naturally I
googled the event I'm not an idiot and
they have what looks like a relatively
respectable shindig going on there
promotional video is very sterling has
been viewed over 8 million times on
Facebook and promises a place where
young people can come and engage with
politics and travel topics from racism
to poverty to migration to freedom of
expression if you face discrimination
because of your race gender color or
beliefs we need
if you have the voice and want to be
heard by world leaders join us in the
World Youth Conference in Egypt where
the conversation begins their website in
fact states that the event wants to
engage youth from around the globe
allowing them to express their views and
recommend initiatives to decision makers
and influential figures on the surface
this looks so cool politics social
issues a chance to debate with other
young people like myself and did I
mention that I was going to get free
flights and five-star accommodation this
stuff doesn't happen to me
the thing is though if you go back to
the Google search page and you click on
news I've have a different image of the
world Youth Forum materializes the
hashtag used to promote the events that
you just saw in the video that I showed
you
We Need to Talk has been used by
activists to highlight perceived
hypocrisy by the Egyptian government who
are hosting it idly live a bit more
digging and I was lucky enough to find a
guy in Egypt who has been a vocal
opponent of the world Youth Forum he's
going to be anonymous throughout this
video but he initially was actually also
invited to attend as a guest in the
patronizing commandment very paternalism
commendable how the students only spread
negative stuff stuff like that he was
like why don't you come and see for
yourself you were more than welcome to
come and see and express your opinion
okay I will take you up on what you said
I want to come man he never got back to
me hey you also were very close to
having a holiday by the Red Sea it would
have been lovely
no of course not but let's be fair it
would have been nice
Egypt has had somewhat of a tumultuous
decade in 2011 they had a
well-documented revolution that
overthrew the president of 30 years
Bhalla if you want to find out more
about that particular event then you can
head over to Netflix and watch the
square which is about that very
revolution it's really good I recommend
it but since then Egypt have managed to
have to military coos and to
presidential elections as you do and
this is resulted in this guy abdel
fattah al-sisi as the current president
he actually won power in a democratic
election with 96% of the vote which
doesn't sound iffy at all he was
actually the guy who instigated the
military coup against the president who
came after Mubarak Mohamed Morsi because
loads of people were protesting against
him let's just say that Egypt's
political scene is rather complicated
bit of a shit show and they love a
military coup there you go LCCC's
government but actually all of the
governments in modern Egyptian history
have had a bit of a relationship with
freedom of speech and democracy and I
spoke with my Egyptian friend about how
it was kind of ironic that OCC's
government were putting on this event
the world year for them that was meant
to be championing dialogue and freedom
of speech it's not something that is
taken up lightly it's not something that
is the distance are being thrown in jail
or the force to leave the country via
the regime or by just preventing them
from working and preventing them from
doing anything that can provide a living
so then they have to leave this earth
either by force or by just suffocating
their their social status so between
2015 and 2016 the Egyptian Commission
for rights and freedoms found that
nearly 1,000 people
had been victims of enforced
disappearance which could be interpreted
as encouraging somebody to go and try
and find themselves in a silent retreat
in northern India but most probably
means that they were kidnapped by police
Human Rights Watch have also identified
dozens of Egyptian academics and human
rights activists who have been issued
travel ban stopping them from being able
to leave the country to perhaps talk at
international conferences or heaven
forbid other people the hashtag we need
to talk has also been used by people
across Egypt to highlight the plight of
people who have been arrested and even
tortured after criticizing openly what
they see as an oppressive and a populist
government my friend on the ground in
Egypt also talks about the fact that a
lot of the conversation about the war
due form has been surrounding the waste
of money
thought was from where is the money
coming because we constantly hear from
the Egyptian regime about how he doesn't
have money for education during he
doesn't have money for a health care
social that's not an alien there's not
an alien concept for somebody living in
the UK where three thousand young people
are coming to Egypt to attend a
conference that is very lavish and their
whole trip is covered and you're
questioning so they say what do you
think is why are they even hosting this
event if it's gonna cost a lot of money
and if it is getting like it I feel like
this was obviously going to get pushed
why do you think that they've bothered
to do its a host an event like this and
one of them is actually reply by one of
the organizing committees he was when
asked about why they did it why did the
Youth Forum he here by the very comical
reply child man I really don't
understand how he said that he said
basically and let me read this off his
statement said the Youth Forum will do
what the tourism failed and he's
basically talking that this is only a
mean of marketing and he said that on on
record right something else that makes
my invite to the world Youth Forum
rather curious is the fact that there
have been hundreds of arrests of people
across Egypt who are tied to the LGBT
community specifically since the end of
September there have been 33 arrests
tied to a group of people who raised a
rainbow flag at a rock concert for the
Lebanese rock band Maroon Lela whose
lead singer happens to be gay and who I
may or may not have already fallen madly
in love with these people have been
arrested under laws against joining
groups contrary to the law and one of
the classics debauchery the Sisi regime
is also known to use invasive anal
examinations in order to try and
identify chronic homosexuals actually in
fact one expert when describing how he
carries out these examinations is quoted
as saying the shape of the whole will
change it won't look normal anymore it
will look like a vagina now I know this
man is clearly a scientist and has loads
of empirical evidence to back this up
but I've seen a fair few anuses of
chronic homosexuals in my time and I
never once noticed that they are
morphing into vulvas just just an
anecdotal observation there as you can
probably tell I'm not hugely shy about
broadcasting my queerness to the whole
of the internet or talking about men's
bums so needless to say
my free holiday to a beach on the Red
Sea was looking less and less likely sad
our friend in Egypt also mentioned that
this wasn't necessarily only about our
homosexuals and this witch hunt that the
Sisi regime has against them it's also
about combatting people that they see as
going against the norms of Egyptian
society um I wanted so obviously for me
one of the big things about this forum
was well like actually I thought I
always going to be invincible because at
the end of the day I'm a white man and
so I feel like nothing is going to
perfect me why do you think that the
Sisi government is choosing to use LGBT
people and specifically gay men as like
a group that he wants to go after LGBT
as much as it's about anyone who is
against the norm of what's happening in
the society anyone who is so to a
certain extent threatening to the image
of the regime there is that there's this
narrative in Egypt right well to be a
good citizen you have to be dressed in a
certain manner talking in a certain
manner your beliefs in a certain manner
and if you're anything outside this norm
then you are discriminating against mrs.
termination can come in in in in
persecution like what's happening with
the LGBT it can come as discrimination
work so it's basically this
discrimination is it's it's it's a
hallmark of the election regime not just
this regime yeah even the Muslim
Brotherhood was like that they had and
Mubarak regime is really worn basically
what we're witnessing right now is
a multiplication of what was happening
barks era even in a more hmm at the end
of the day the marketing company that
reached out to me kind of went quiet and
probably realized that I wasn't the best
fit for this particular event I ended my
call with my mate in Egypt by asking him
what he thinks people you guys can do to
help people who are on the receiving end
of all of this bullshit in in Egypt what
do you think is the best thing that
people watching this video most probably
in the West can do to help kind of like
people who are being locked up or who
are being persecuted in Egypt beyond
turning down a free holiday to Sharm
el-sheikh obviously I'm doing my bit
unfortunately because all other means
have been stripped from us whether it be
is there the freedom of assembly the
freedom of protest well all of these
rights that we took for granted after
the Revolution have been stripped away
from us so all what they can do is what
we normally do give exposure the the
situation in Egypt to give exposure to
the political prisoners the human rights
situation put pressure on the
international community and on the
Egyptian government to at least try to
address these these problems to start
taking it in consideration to start
looking into the situation of the
political prisoners start
giving people a window of real a real
window of not just a marketing pitch to
give people the use the window to
express their opinion mm-hmm
make a better future because that's
really all anyone wants yeah we want a
better future for us in Egypt and
globally so when you imprison people
this is another way to go about when you
discriminate against them there's not a
way to go about mm-hmm so I think this
is basically the whole message I think
the people in the West who really wanted
to stand with Egypt should part of
standing with Egypt is part of
pressuring a better agent part of giving
exposure to that and the causes that
normally are not there and are not
covered by the media as simple as that I
also wanted to make this video because I
think it's very important that people
like me who are privileged enough to
have these platforms are aware of what
we are doing when we are invited to be
guests of particular places or
particular organizations it's our job to
be really vigilant about who we
essentially endorse with our presence
and doing a little bit of research maybe
seeing what's happening on the ground I
think is it's a hugely important thing
thank you so much for watching this
video is made possible by my patrons who
are scrolling along the bottom right now
my content gets to be monetized like all
at the time every single one of my
videos has started off D monetized if
for the past like however many months
that means that YouTube is not like in
its own a viable thing for me to do and
I would really appreciate it if you
would think about giving me a dollar or
so a month so that I can continue to
make important videos like this I think
this is important video arrogance
probably but you know thank you so much
for watching please make sure you share
this video subscribe like it do all
press all of the buttons that
stairs I have been jazz' and I will see
you guys next week I'm uploading every
week this month if it's ever so exciting
but very good bye
