hello YouTube so apologies for not being
around the last few weeks things got a
little bit cray-cray in the run-up to
summer in the city if you don't know
already I'm one of the organizers and
one of the best things about being one
of the organizers of some of the cities
the fact that I get to be in charge of
some of the panels and some of the
discussions that we have throughout the
weekend each year one of the highlights
for City for me was the fact that we got
to put on an lgbtq+ panel this year for
the very first time in the events
history we had fantastic panelists I was
lucky enough to be able to chair it and
then we had Tyler Oakley David Levitz
Gary C alex Bertie and then rose and
Rosie and we had some fantastic
discussions about being lgbtq+ and the
medium of YouTube the future of our
community it was really fantastic
Alex Bertie recorded the whole thing and
put it on his channel so you can look at
that here so go away have a quick
butcher's if you've got a spare 40
minutes because I want to talk to you
guys today about one of the topics that
we touched on in our hour-long
discussion on the panel that topic that
I want to raise with you guys today is
the fact that in the UK we seem to have
a very specific phenomenon where there
were a large number of popular vloggers
who actively choose to not disclose
their sexuality to their audiences if
they are LGBTQ plus the sexuality of
these creators we very often have little
to nothing to do with the kind of
content that they make they will be
comedians vloggers short film makers and
so there is the argument that why should
they have to disclose that to their
audience it's their private life no if
they're doing the ice bucket challenge
why do you also need to know that
they're gay it's not that so much that I
have an issue of but when there is
active descent in the content that
they're making to perpetuate the idea
that they are in fact straight when in
their private lives they're out and open
about their sexuality that's when I have
an issue because it is a dishonest
relationship with their subscribers I
don't know why they do it perhaps it's
the idea that all of the teenage girls
that are following them will be more
ready to like and subscribe if they
think that one day they'll have a chance
of being in bed and spooning them I find
it really interesting this is also very
much a UK focused phenomenon when you
look at the u.s. it seems like being an
out gay vlogger is actually an asset to
the content that you're making and the
audience that you go and then you look
at case studies like choice
who blew up after he made his coming out
video he didn't alienate all of the
girls that were pining after him before
he came out he's actually increased the
number of his subscribers and the size
of his audience and now he's got a
bloody album out so why would you cave
lagers want to hold off on this and not
want to identify with this community
I find it puzzling as I said we talked
about this actively on the lgbtq+ panel
at summer in the city so just listen to
some of the points that our panel had to
say what do you think they have the
community whatever reason I don't think
it's fair to say us to say that's wrong
to like we've got we've got people on
YouTube saying I'm gay I'm buying this
and you also I love the word brave
because it's like it's also brave to
wait till you're ready lady yeah it's
not yes it's brave to be unapologetic
for yourself but it's also brave to know
when it's safe for you when it's right
for you and when in that's never old
you're in college you should be out by
now it's never oh you have a certain
emotion stripers no that's ridiculous
like everything's individual and nobody
should presume to know somebody's
situation personal or like within
themselves so I don't think it would
ever be fair to like expect somebody or
expect a community just because they
have influence to be ready for it all
right I don't think yeah it's definitely
like it's a personal choice whether to
be open about it and done with those
questions that it raises at least from
my point of view I'm happy to be the
person who can answer them I think that
I I wouldn't know what to do with like
this YouTube kind of world without being
a person to answer those questions
because that's why I like it I like that
this medium reaches a whole need with
the people who didn't have that voice
before and I'm proud of that I'm happy
to be that but I know that not everyone
would love to be in that position and
kind of flipped out on anybody else it's
just like if I can do it I'm happy to go
for anybody else I think that we're all
happy to be that resource of everyone
there's a lot of stuff here that I agree
with I do think that there is bravery
and courage in being able to wait for
the right time for you to come out
especially if you are younger and you
are still coming to terms with your
sexuality I ended up coming out as gay
as bi and then gay again between the
ages of 15 and 21 so I understand that
sometimes you have to wait to make sure
but it's when these creators are not
older they have long-term relationships
and they still choose to either not
disclose or lie about their sexuality
where does this shame come from why in
the UK YouTube community do we have
maybe it's not sharing but I am
genuinely perplexed as to why there
aren't people may be capitalizing isn't
the right word but choosing to be open
to their subscribers and being advocates
like David and Tyler and Alex and rose
and Rosie all of these people and go see
all of these people have helped people
by sharing their stories why would you
deny your audience that for a long time
we also had a large number of closeted
people in mainstream media in Hollywood
and in television but recently we've
seen a wave of people either being very
blase about their sexuality but being
open about it the Ellen page's and the
jodie foster's when anderson cooper
finally came out in I believe it was
2012 the New York Times had a piece
about him and the writer Kate author
said the following Cooper has struck me
in recent years is an example of a
closeted famous person who didn't mean
for his secret to become such a big deal
and found himself stuck maybe this is
what is happening to youtubers in the UK
when they were first making videos when
they were 16 17 18 they perhaps weren't
as confident or secure about their
sexuality and as they grew up and they
came to terms with it they've got
boyfriends and girlfriends and told
their family and we're out to their
friends and they go to heaven on a
Saturday night but that gap that
decision to make that step and be out to
your audience becomes harder and harder
as time goes on and also as your
audience grows coming
- your mum your dad and your little
brother around the dinner table is one
thing coming out to over a million
people on YouTube that sounds daunting
there are also some whisperings of
certain creators choosing to wait until
they have a certain number of
subscribers so that when they do finally
make a coming out video it will have
maximum impact and give them the most
amount of publicity possible ala Troye
Sivan when he came out I don't know how
true this is but this particular
approach to the publicizing of one
sexuality makes my blood boil it reeks
of dishonesty and trickery and suggests
to me that openness with an audience is
only worth it if you get a paycheck at
the end of it I would really like to
know what you guys think about this
issue do you think that youtubers have a
duty to come out and be open with their
audiences think about all of the people
that are helped by all of the coming out
videos or do you think that advocates
who are very open about their sexuality
like our LGBTQ plus panel do you think
that they do the job efficiently enough
and also why do you think that it seems
to be the UK community that has this
phenomenon and only us maybe I'm wrong
maybe there are other parts of the world
where the YouTube community are choosing
to be less open with their audiences
about their sexuality but it worries me
because we live in a country where we
have gay marriage equal rights pretty
much across the board but then when it
comes to making silly videos on the
Internet why is that a barrier why is
that seen as a medium where you can't be
open about your sexuality but I can hold
my boyfriend's hand when I walk down the
street nowadays it seems so backward and
it really breaks my heart because it
implies to me that these creators still
have an issue with their own sexuality
and I wish that that weren't the case
and I wish that more people were happy
to not necessarily be gay vloggers but
to be people who are out there and open
and who happen to be gay we need more
people like that yes coming out videos
are great but just knowing that somebody
is out there and is similar to you and
happens to be gay as well that helped me
when I was coming out and I wish that
more UK youtubers were okay with doing
that for their ever-growing audiences I
have been
with oranges this video has been a long
time coming and I look forward to him
what you guys think yeah goodbye
I don't know why they do it perhaps it's
the idea that all of the teenage girls
that are following them will be more
ready to like and subscribe if they
think that one day they'll have a chance
of being in bed and spooning them
