although YouTube suck jhaza on the 1st
of October citizens living on the north
eastern part of the Iberian Peninsula
running across the border with France
vote on whether or not they are going to
become an independent country to
understand why the people of Catalunya
want to be independent from Spain we're
gonna have to do a little bit of a
history lesson Catalunya and Spain were
fused in 1469 when Ferdinand of Aragon
which is modern-day Catalunya and
Isabella of Castile a Lyon got married
they were so young and cute he was 17
she was 18 and then they went on to
conquer the rest of Iberia it was
actually quite Game of Thrones ii for
its time both regions maintained their
own institutions governments and
administrations until 1714 when a load
of complicated war stuff happened
because a king died the point is that
Aragon and therefore Catalunya then
subsequently got scooped up into the
administration of Madrid Catalunya
however did manage to maintain its own
traditions customs as well as its own
language which is lovely Mong bear first
forward until 1939 and this guy Franco
ruled Spain as a dictator until his
death in 1975 all you really need to
know about him is that he's a right
asshole essentially he was best friends
with Hitler and let the Nazis practice
bombing raids on his own people which
got Picasso to end up making this very
powerful improving painting and he also
stopped the Catalans from being able to
practice their own traditions and speak
their own language it was just a bit of
a dick really fast-forward again to the
late naughties which is really a decade
that we need to come up with a better
name for and the Spanish have had
democracy for a good few decades
Catalans are allowed to speak their own
language Felicity Utz and Catalan nurse
is celebrated and taught throughout the
region at this point Catalunya is one of
the richest regions of Spain with its
own regional government the financial
crisis hits
and I mean Spain's economy pretty much
goes tits-up the Catalans get pissed off
subsequently on how much money they're
having to pay to central government in
order to prop up poorer parts of Spain
in 2014 300 years since they were
absorbed into the rest of Spain Catalans
were invited to vote in an advisory poll
to gauge public appetite for
independence votes in favour of
independence won in a landslide over 80
percent of the ballots cast said that
they wanted to be an independent country
but this was with turnout at a very low
level of only around 40 percent in 2015
don't worry we're nearly done there's a
regional election in Catalunya most of
the pro-independence parties decide to
join together in an alliance in an
effort to try and get a majority in
government this Alliance actually
succeeds getting 53% of the seat in
Parliament but they get this with only
47 percent of the popular vote basically
in 2015 more people in Catalunya voted
for parties that wanted the region to
remain part of Spain but because of the
voting system pro-independence parties
ended up getting most of the seats these
pro-independence parties then seize the
opportunity and called the referendum
that we're now talking about
interestingly if you live in Catalunya
where you stand on the question of
independence very much seems to be
cultural and linguistic for those with
Catalan as their mother-tongue 75% won't
Catalunya to be an independent country
for those with a language other than
Catalan as their mother tongue including
of course Spanish 75% want Catalonia to
remain part of Spain though wherever
they fall on this question 70% of people
in Catalunya want there to be a
referendum to put this issue to rest
because frankly wouldn't you be
exhausted by talking about it or for all
of theseus but just so that we're clear
this referendum taking place is
technically illegal the Spanish
Constitution states that it will uphold
therein
dis soluble unity of the Spanish nation
when that was ratified in 1978 after the
dictatorship and in the transition to
democracy
90% of Catalans took part in that vote
and agreed to it
however the Spain that we see before us
now is very different to the one that
had just come out of a Franco
dictatorship in 1978 especially in
Catalunya where their culture traditions
and language had been repressed for over
thirty years
and what's more over half of the people
who now live in Catalunya one even born
in 1978 the demographics have just
changed hugely there is another legal
aspect that we have to consider and
that's the fact that Catalunya whenever
it wants to change its status and its
relationship with the rest of Spain it
has to get a majority of two-thirds in
parliament in order to pass that
legislation and this declaration of this
referendum for independence only got
just over fifty percent of the votes in
the Catalan Parliament to be frank this
whole scenario has turned into an
absolute show the central Spanish
government have used force to crackdown
protests federal police have been
stationed in Barcelona to aid with this
crackdown some of them being housed on
this cruise ship which is hilarious but
also briefly led to Tweety pie becoming
a symbol of cattle and scrappiness
resourceful more hope and independence
another good meme ballot papers intended
to be used on the 1st of October have
been seized on mass websites have been
shut down and one of the things that
makes me most concerned and frankly
outraged is the fact that people
officials who were trying to coordinate
this referendum have been arrested and
thrown in jail by the central Spanish
government in 2017 in the European Union
which is meant to be this bastion of
democracy an example of democracy
especially these days
we have political prisoners who have
been thrown in jail for the same reason
that people are thrown in jail in places
like China Azerbaijan or Hong Kong
because they want
the people to be able to decide who it
is that represents them and makes the
laws that they are governed by and this
outrages me even more because this is
with a population where a large number
of them have a living memory of when
their culture and their traditions and
their language were repressed and now it
seems to be happening again and Lanza
khatallah but that chills me to the bone
in a last-ditch effort to do anything
people were doing going out and like
handing out physical ballot papers
because a lot of the IT systems have
been seized by the spanish central
government as well last night I'm
filming this on the day of the vote
loads of like families and brilliantly
loads of old people as well were
occupying schools and polling stations
this is some footage from a town just
outside of Barcelona that my friend
lives in and apparently the feelings
there were optimistic and and great
because the reason that they're there is
to stop the police from borrowing the
designated polling stations and stopping
people from being able to get in and
actually vote and so they're occupying
those spaces this morning on the morning
of the vote there have been huge masses
of people waiting to be able to cast
their ballots and there have been images
of violence and scuffles with the police
and people who want to vote and there
has have been images of violence and
people being injured as well
okay what's heartbreaking is that the
persistence and the determination with
which people have tried to pursued the
right to actually take part in this vote
and people who are prone dependents and
people who just think that they should
be able to partake in this form of
democracy has just been scuppered at
every single turn no matter what happens
today because of the efforts of the
central government to invalidate this
vote this vote can't be seen as as
democratic because of the amount of
people that are gonna not be able to
take part because of crackdowns and
because of people being scared of going
to polling stations if you saw people
getting beaten up like this would you go
out and risk your your health and your
life like for goodness sake that's what
really pisses me off the man won this
time around this vote could have been
democratic and could have been valid but
a weak Madrid government is too scared
to allow the people that it's meant to
be representing a choice as to who
actually ends up governing them and
that's what really actually worries me
is that what happens when you deny a
democracy democracy and we are soon
going to find out thank you so much for
watching
I talk about politics and controversial
stuff on YouTube and as such YouTube
often do monetizes my content like most
of it gets demonetised
this video will probably be demonetised
um as such I kind of rely on the support
of my patrons and they're running across
the bottom of the screen now they give
me like a few dollars or so per month in
order for me to be able to continue
making these videos thank you to them if
you would like to join them then you
know pop on over say hello I also have a
podcast where I talk with my co-host
Jimmy about these kinds of political
issues in more depth if you'd like to
check that out then clicky there or
find in description below it's very good
I have to say finally make sure you
subscribe this is my subscribed face
it's over my face and then also video
there that YouTube thinks you'll also
like sorry gassy
