hello YouTube so over the past week or
so the UK and the international press
have been going crazy over the fact that
the British Olympic diver Tom Daley has
come out in a YouTube video and said
that he is in a relationship with a man
to which the only response I have is why
am I the only person that can't seem to
get a boyfriend
why in all seriousness though I think
this is lovely and his decision to tell
the world via a video that he filmed and
uploaded himself to YouTube would then
go through a TV interview or a magazine
spread or for a press release I think
that's telling you mentions in his video
that he wanted to have full control over
the information that who was putting out
to the public so it couldn't be
misconstrued in any way by media and you
can understand why because even though
he comes out as saying he's in a
relationship with a man he says that he
still fancies girls but he never uses a
label he never says that I'm gay or I'm
bi and god that's that's refreshing what
followed was a mini mountain of media
misrepresentation with pink news and the
Huffington Post's both outing daily as
gay before attracting those comments and
there were a couple of formatting faux
bars like this one from Yahoo hehehe but
all in all I think it was refreshing to
see the media tripping over themselves
to try and get the terminology right
because it turns out that apparently
sexual identity can sometimes be a
little bit complicated who'd of thought
a but of course the media will not go in
to behave themselves for very long and
there's been endless speculation as to
who this mystery man is who is courting
Tom Daley and it seems like the purse
have landed on this man Dustin Lance
Black who is a screenwriter an LGBT
activist from the USA who's 20 years Tom
Daley senior the age gap has thrown up
its own controversy with many people
asking why a 19 year old like Tom Daley
would be dating a 39 year old old a
pensioner like black well they're both
in the same social circles they are both
financially secure and they're both very
good-looking guys yeah you're right what
would they see in each other and also I
dated a guy who was 12 years my senior
when I was around Tom Daley's age and I
turned out fine
so to those critics I
shut up another particularly distasteful
play by the tabloids was the Daily Mail
somehow getting the reactions of Tom
Daley's grandparents to his video I'm
not sure if for me it was more
uncomfortable seeing that curtain of
privacy pulled back or if it was later
seeing those quotes from his
grandparents laid over and on top of
half-naked photos of Tom daily by
BuzzFeed classy that said the
overwhelming response to Tom Daley's
video has been encouraging and endearing
but we can't take this out of its
historical context the last time in the
UK that we had a major active British
sportsman come out it was Justin
fashioning who was hounded by the press
and the public as a sexual deviant and
eventually committed suicide
after he was accused of non-consensual
sex fashion news suicide was 15 years
ago and now we can have a sportsman at
the top of his game make an honest
statement about love and the
overwhelming response is oh we've come a
long way I think it's hard for anyone in
the LGBT community to hear about a
celebrity coming out and not compare it
to their own experience and I know that
when I was 19 when I was Tom Daley's age
all of five years ago I was unsure and
apprehensive about the labels that were
being forced down my throat because of
what society was saying about the people
and I fancied when I was coming to terms
with my own sexuality probably about ten
years ago now I wish that I had had a
wider variety of role models to choose
from than Stephen Fry Alan Carr and
Graham Norton and now in such a short
period of time we have Daley who is in a
relationship with a man
we had Robbie Rogers who is the American
football player come out we have
activists like Dan Savage who are
increasingly visible and politicians are
no longer ashamed of the people whom
they love visibility and having role
models is so important for young people
who are struggling with their own
sexuality they need to know that you can
have a life be successful fall in love
and be happy no matter what sex your
partner happens to be Tom Daley's
visibility will have helped hundreds
maybe thousands of young people who are
struggling with this area in their
and the fourteen-year-old inside of me
who realized that he was different and
was really terrified about it
it's thankful for that by now
I turned out fine so to those critics a
system shut up
