hello youtube so lily allen's back and
we will finally be saved from the katy
perry's and the selena gomez's of this
world and finally have pop music that
has depth and social commentary again
I've I've missed her this for years I
really really have I mean it when I say
that I think Alan is one of the pop
music musicians with more depth around
these days I mean she's been well known
throughout her career for commenting on
stuff like the wall of the tabloid press
and consumerism in the fear and the role
of women in the 21st century in 22 and
even just old granny's getting mugged in
her breakthrough single alien with her
new single hard out here she directs her
wit towards sexism in the pop industry
directly parodying robin thicke's
blurred lines which of course was
everybody's favorite misogynistic video
of 2013 and also takes the piss out of
any hip-hop video that's ever had a
female dancer with a big booty have a
bottle of champagne pulled all over her
ass in my eyes this video is parody at
its finest it really throws up a mirror
to the sexism and double standards
expected of men and women in the music
industry and in society in general
whether it be the manager of Lily Allen
in the video chastising her because
she's put on a bit of baby weight and
now she's having liposuction to get rid
of it to the idea of Robin Thicke having
a big dick being something sexy where is
Lily Allen having a baggy pussy is not
despite the fact they're pretty much
saying the same thing they're both fans
of penetrative sex which is nice however
when I asked you guys on Facebook what
you thought of lily allen's new music
video not all of you were on the same
page as me here's what Becky Nixon wrote
I don't understand who the makers of
this video imagined they are
enlightening if you watch it and you get
the satire chances are you're already
along to this way of thinking if you're
not you're just going to sit there
objectifying the women in the video
completely ignorant of the message
punching a dog in the face to make a
point about animal cruelty is not
productive and neither is this video I
think Nixon makes a really good point
but I still disagree with her I mean I
think that it's so clearly a parody that
I don't think anybody's going to be
getting
pleasure out of this video I mean look
at look at that is that I know I'm not
the best person to pass judgment on
straight male tastes but that's not sexy
right hypnotic yes sexy less so Lily
Allen's videos also receive quite a lot
of criticism about the objectification
of specifically black women in this
video and therefore has been called by a
few people most significantly Julianne
Moore the Guardian newspaper columnist
that her video might be a little bit
racist but working dances in the video
are predominantly black and they are the
focus point of the objectification in
the video although there are two white
dances that I managed to to clock one in
the main dancing scene and one who has
pink hair later on in the video and so
it's not completely a black focused
backing crew however there was a point
that Julianne Moore made that I quite
sympathized with it was the fact that
these women unlike Lily Allen who in
this video is owning the sexism that
she's received and all of the misogyny
that has been thrown at her shes owning
it and throwing it back in the
industry's face these black women who
are used as the backing dancers for Lily
Allen and who have throughout their
careers probably received quite a lot of
objectification because of the color of
their skin the way their booty shakes
and also their sex it seems that they
are not given a chance to own and to
respond to the treatment that they have
received in their careers and then at
the end Lily Allen just walks off left
with the predominantly black backing
dancers there and that to be honest the
more i think about it doesn't sit well
with me so there is Lily Allen's video
racist I don't think so but I feel that
she could have made the point in her
video in a better way then using and
objectifying these black women I mean
what if she had used guys instead of
girls that would have really flipped the
whole thing on its head and we know from
these videos from John mango
the college baseball player that they
guys can't work and when goes to work
they can look really good doing it I'm
gonna need a minute I'm sorry as always
with these videos the engagement is more
important than what I had to say so make
sure that you'd let me know what do you
think of lily allen's new video for hard
out here is she a little bit sexist is
she a little bit racist is she a little
bit of both or neither let me know
downstairs in the comments and I will be
floating down there as well and sharing
my opinions I'm also guys twerking
thoughts on that um I have been wrong
with oranges I think that's all I have
to say follow me on Twitter go search
for my facebook it's all downstairs in
the in the description bar that's all I
have to say now bye
I don't understand who the makers of
this video
imagine that they are enlightening if
you watch it and you get the satire
chances are you already in like a lion
team this is difficult Becky your
accents difficult
