hello youtube so you may have seen this
guy's photo floating around television
and the media and the interwebs and his
name is Edward Snowden and apart from
having a name like a protagonist from a
crime novel he is the leak that has let
us known that various governments and
private tech companies may have been
gathering more data on our online
movements than we may previously thought
Snowden works as a consultant for the
National Security Agency the NSA which
is part of the government of the USA
which said that it was a ok for tech
companies like Yahoo Google Facebook and
Apple to track the data that we put
online this game is called prism and it
looks at information as detailed as our
instant messaging search history voice
traffic and our social networking data
Obama has defended the program and says
that although it's classified all of the
actions of the NSA have been approved by
elected officials and the information on
specific individuals has been protected
by the courts and by the warrant system
however if you are not American they are
able to access all of the information on
you that they desire because you don't
have any constitutional rights and all
of this data is stored on servers that
out on us a soil there have been
suggestions that the UK government
surveillance agency GCHQ has had access
to the data collected by the prison
project with the Guardian newspaper even
suggesting that GCHQ has been bypassing
British laws in order to gather data on
British citizens so governments carry
out surveillance I think we're all aware
of this right but what makes this leaked
information particularly unnerving are
three things first of all the
involvement of private Internet
companies secondly the international
scope of the scandal which could want
our domestic privacy laws completely
irrelevant and also the intimacy of the
information that's been available now I
have nothing to hide the only thing that
will be flagged up if the government
were watching me now would be the amount
of Korean pop music videos that I watch
and the sheer number of times that I
type duncan james topless into google
but to be fair he is really really
dreamy so is there anything that an
everyday average citizen willings to
worry about with this kind of
surveillance this echoes what the
British Foreign Secretary William Hague
has been saying that every day no
abiding citizens have nothing to
with this kind of surveillance that they
will actually never be aware of the
things that agencies are doing to stop
them being blown up by tourists or
getting their identity stolen online I
make these videos so I can have a chance
to talk about these topics with you guys
in the comments below so let me know
what you think of these revelations is
it a gross infringement of our rights as
citizens or is it just our intelligence
agencies doing their job has this
changed the way that you look at our
political leaders like Cameron and Obama
what about the private companies like
Yahoo Facebook and Google that are so
freely giving away our information go
downstairs and engage with somebody in
the comments I'll be there as well and
if you feel like it leave a video
response they always make me happy don't
forget to like this video and subscribe
if you want to take part in a brain cell
tickling debate every single week I've
been rhyming with oranges thank you very
much for watching goodbye the only thing
that will be flagged up if the
government were watching me now would be
the amount of Korean pop music videos
that i watch and the sheer number of
times that i type duncan james topless
into google but to be fair he is really
really dreamy
