do what makes you happy I learned this
lesson the hard way there was a time in
my life when I was just consumed with
work I was working 24/7 I was making
significant strides but I ended up
getting lost in it and I forgot about
the things that mattered to me the most
I stopped hanging out with friends I
stopped doing things for myself
everything was just work work work and
then one day I just woke up and then I
realized what happened to me life why am
I not talking to these people anymore
why am I not hanging out with my friends
why am I not shopping anymore why am I
not doing all of these things and then I
realized it's because I was so consumed
with work that I got so lost in it that
I just forgot to do everything else and
that's what I hope never happens to any
of you I hope you never experience just
waking up and realizing that your life
is just passing you by I mean yes one
aspect of it is doing really great and
especially if it's your career who
actually choose to you but never forget
that work-life balance is important
there is a reason why people emphasize
work-life balance because if you are
just 100% work where's the fun in that
and if you think about it what are you
actually working for I mean yes you're
working for yourself but yourself needs
other people you're you need other
experiences you need to have fun you
need to go on vacation and you know one
of the things that I also didn't do was
to spend my money I was so focused on
saving up and working and saving up and
that's all I was interested in doing
that I actually stopped myself from
buying stuff I want from going on
vacation and just you know treating
myself and then at some point I realized
that's crazy
why would I not want to reward myself
why am i working this hard to just save
money and to not spend my money it just
make sense to me and then that's it
that's when I snapped and then I said
this is never gonna happen to me again
I'm never gonna allow my work to consume
me and to just make me forget about the
things I care about the most and it
actually made me forget why I was
working so hard it's because I wanted to
be happy and in the process of me trying
to be happy I forgot to actually make
myself happy which that's kind of ironic
but yeah you know that really happens so
I hope this never happens to any of you
and you know I took me a while to really
remind myself to do the work/life
balance thing it's hard I'm telling you
it's hard especially if you're a very
focused person you're never gonna want
to be taken away from your work or
anything like that but it's necessary
you have to do it because you're just
going to end up unhappy in the long run
and you're gonna realize that life just
passed you by and what do you have to
show for it
yeah yeah I'm successful at work but is
that it I mean what about your friends
what about fun memories what about
experiences you need to have all of
these and you know one of the things I
can't believe I didn't do was to reward
myself because I was working so hard I I
don't know why I don't reward myself you
know what you guys should reward
yourselves if you are the type to you
know stop yourself for buying something
you like don't do it actually now I'm
the complete opposite I mean yes I still
work as hard as I can but at a certain
time of the day I just tell myself okay
that's it time to have a tee time time
to hang out with my friends and then
things just ended up becoming so much
better for me it became lighter and I
actually can play now that I've
perfected the work/life balance and I'm
so much happier than I ever was before
so remember don't forget to do what
makes you happy
