it's very possible for you to build the
career of your dreams I managed to build
my professional hosting career in less
than a year lately a lot of people have
been congratulating me and asking me
just how I did it exactly and this is my
answer first off I love hosting so that
is the most basic thing you need you
need to love what you're doing if you
don't love what you're doing you're
never gonna succeed
now I've boiled it down to my top three
tips they're actually more tips but I
think these three are the most important
and this is what I feel what really
accelerated my hosting career so the
first is I never stop learning and the
second is I make it a daily habit and
the third is I surround myself with the
right people so I never stop learning I
never stop learning because I feel like
there's so much more to improve and even
if I even if people already say I'm a
good host that doesn't mean I am the
best possible host I can be so I always
strive to learn more I join as much
workshops as possible I shadow
other hosts I attend a lot of events and
then I observe the hosts I've also
learned through udemy courses I go on
YouTube there are just so many ways for
you to learn and not just you know in a
classroom setting you can learn through
experience you can learn by talking to
other people so these are the things I
do and the most important thing is I
just never stop learning the second
thing is make it a daily habit the thing
I try to do every single day is to do at
least one thing that will add value to
my hosting career so I usually apply to
projects I improve on my portfolio I
shoot videos because this is also
practice so I just make sure that every
single day I do at least one thing that
can help me become a better host and the
last thing is to surround myself with
the right people now I'm not telling you
to surround yourself with as many hosts
as possible I don't think
that works but it's just surrounded
yourself with people who will bring
about a positive energy to your life and
for me it happened to be you know
surrounding myself with of course hosts
hosts I admire who I respect hosts that
mentor me and I also surround myself
with people who are driven people who
understand what it's like to really
hustle and to really go just go for it
you know so I think that's also very
important because you can't do this
alone
you will really need other people to
help you no matter what you're doing no
matter what career you want to go for
you cannot do it alone so it's very
important to you surround yourself with
people even if they have nothing to do
with the industry you want to be in even
if they're just there for moral support
or could really just push you and to
influence your drive I think that's very
important so those are my three tips on
how I I feel I really up celery ated my
coasting career so I hope that was
helpful to everyone and also you know
that's how I did it and if I can do it
so can you
