looks matter I know a lot of people say
that it's what's on the inside that
counts
and not what's on the outside that
counts but the truth of the matter is
the way you look and the way you present
yourself always matters no matter who
you are no matter what you're doing the
way you look will always affect what
you're trying to achieve within seconds
of meeting you people will already form
an opinion of you based purely on the
way you look that doesn't make them bad
people or vain people it just makes them
human this is something people naturally
do we look at something and then you
know we form an opinion on it and then
this affects the way we approach the
situation or the person so this is
exactly why I put a lot of value into
the way I present myself I cannot leave
the house unless I look and feel
presentable now it doesn't mean that
every single day I blow out my hair put
on a full face of makeup have the best
outfit ever and I wear heels then I
leave the house no that's not what I
mean I just mean that even just a little
pieces of effort that you do to yourself
like putting lipstick for example I
don't know why a lot of people don't do
this but if you just get one lipstick
you put it on your lips you spread it
out on your cheek you put it on your
eyes that makes such a big difference it
just makes you look more colorful more
vibrant and it just gives out a more
positive image of yourself which is
great no matter what you're trying to do
even if you're just doing errands for
the day this will make your day so much
better it will give you a boost of
confidence and it will make your image
just even just a little bit better so
that is why I'm the type of person who
just cannot leave the house unless I
feel that I'm very presentable I mean I
don't even care if people find this vain
or anything but I just value
presentation a lot I know that the way I
love the way I percent myself is
something that will get in the way
of what I want to do so this is
something I really pay special attention
to especially if I have major things for
the day like clients or I'm doing
presentation I just want to be
remembered for something positive okay
let's say for example I have a lot of
pimples and I step into a meeting and I
present to a client what do you think
they're gonna remember are they gonna
remember what I percent or are they
gonna remember counting all the pimples
on my face
because I did not make an effort to
cover them up and actually look you know
polished and presentable that's what
they're gonna walk away with they're not
me remember oh this girl gave such an
amazing presentation even if you did
that's not that they're gonna remember
they're gonna remember it oh this is the
grill with 20-pin pose so that's gonna
become your identifier every single time
you said a meeting with them or when you
bump it to that they're gonna be they're
gonna be remembering us oh this is the
girl who had a lot of pimples and that's
not what you want to be remembered as
you want to be remembered for something
you do for how great you are at your job
for how great you are at adding value to
whoever this person is so that is why I
really value presentation of myself the
way I look and everything else
so remember looks always matter
