if you could only pick five products
from your makeup bag which ones would
you pick I asked myself the same
question and this is my answer
hello my lovelies that's Abby here
welcome back to my channel so today I've
decided to show you guys my everyday
makeup a look using only five products
that's right you guys only five makeup
products that's what I use to create
this look right here I know that not
everyone has the time to actually do the
full glam type of look so this is just
something I came up with and easy
everything makeup look just imagine how
much time and energy and backspace you
actually save if for your everyday
makeup look you only use five products
this routine is actually such a life
saving routine for me especially when
I'm running late and when I have no time
at all to do my makeup at home I
actually do this in the car so this
makeup look is very very doable in a
moving car especially since here in the
Philippines it's super traffic
everywhere so this is absolutely a look
that I've done over and over and over
again
the rights and the comforts of a moving
car so it's very possible to do this
anywhere anytime I've even done it in
the dark so that is how easy this look
is to create these are the five products
I used to create this everyday makeup
look I have a Revlon lipstick Carolyne
brow liner the maybelline concealer
L'Oreal BB veil and the ever Belen
advanced blush and bronzer duo before we
get into the video don't forget to
subscribe to my channel and to click
that notification bell so you can become
one of my lovelies so if you want to
know how I created this look with just
those five products just keep on
watching starting it off with a clear
face I actually just have I cream and
moisturizer on my face so that's
basically what you see right now on my
skin I'm gonna start it off with the
Mable
instant age rewind concealer I think
this is great to double as both a
concealer and foundation so that's why
I'm starting it off with this we just
get some product out of this so I'm just
gonna conceal my t-zone
so I'm also highlighting my face I know
it looks like a lot and I kind of look
like a deer right now but don't worry
about it when you blend it out that's
when everything's just got to come
together I'm just gonna be taking my
favorite a foundation brush and I'm
gonna be blending it up
I basically use the concealer as
foundation but you know what that's okay
that's actually the look I was going for
so I just wanted to cover as much of my
face as I can
so that's what I did there I also chose
this concealer because when you apply it
as a base it's not full coverage it's
just medium coverage which is exactly
what I'm going for for this everyday
look now I'm going to be setting my face
with the L'Oreal matte magic BB cream
this is something I really love this is
my ride-or-die of face powder I really
have not used any other powder for my
everyday look ever since I got this one
I am in the shade and - they actually
don't have creative names for the BB
veil but that's okay I'm just gonna be
taking of my foundation brush and I'm
gonna be adding powder mainly to my
t-zone but also to set the whole face I
like to add a thick layer powder on my
under eyes so everything just stays put
under there then I do the same to my
t-zone because my t-zone is actually the
one that gets oily the most now I'm
going to be taking this bigger and
looser bristled brush to set the rest of
my face and my face is set actually I
really really like this powder because
it has coverage and it also blurs out my
pores which is something I really really
look for in a face powder so that's why
I'm super obsessed with this one and
it's actually just three hundred pesos
so that's one of the things about it do
it's not super expensive so I can keep
buying and buying it over and over again
now I'm going to be contouring my face
I'm gonna be using this every will an
advanced blush duo palette and rosy
cheek this is how it looks like inside
it has a blush pan and a contour pan so
I'm gonna be using
this bronzer pan right here I'm going to
be using this flat brush that I got from
forever 21 so I'm just gonna bronze up
my whole face till you see the
difference of bronzing I've only bronze
at the right side of my face just so you
guys can see that bronze and really does
have an effect on the overall look at
the face I mean check it out check out
the right side and the left side of
course I'm still gonna blend out my
bronzer over here but that's basically
the effect I know that a lot of people
skip the bronzing step but this is just
something I cannot leave the house
without so this is something I
definitely do every single day I just
can't not Brass my face I really like
the sculpt and glowy bronzy look so
that's exactly what I do for my everyday
look now I'm going to be using a more
precise brush because I'm gonna be
defining my crease and also my nose I've
got to could turn my nose I can't leave
the house also without considering my
nose it's just I think overall
contouring is very important to me I'm
just gonna be adding this to the crease
and I'm just gonna concentrate it on the
outer part of my crease and then it goes
lighter towards the inside
then I use the excess of this brush to
contour my nose
I also like to contour the under part of
my lip so my lip ends up looking bigger
okay I know I look kind of weird right
now but I'm gonna be blending this out
so it's gonna look so much better in a
bit
I also like to take my bigger a looser
brush and just make sure that
everything's blended in so much more now
I'm going to be doing on my brows I'm
gonna be using this Caroline best brow
liner it is the better than basic brow
liner and I am in the Shane taupe I like
this because it has brow liner on one
end and it has a spoolie on the other
side so I'm gonna start it with a
spoolie and then I'm gonna fill it in
with the liner
it really takes me a while to do my brow
especially at this left brow because I
have two scars on it I have one at the
bottom and I have one on top this best
brow lighter actually covers it up
really well it works better the powder
and it's not you know too waxy either so
that's why I like this a lot for the
last step I'm gonna be adding lipstick
this one is my Revlon Super Lustrous
lipstick in curl 420 blush so I'm just
gonna add this to my lip now I'm gonna
be adding the lipstick to my cheeks as
blush adding the lipstick as my blush is
actually something I've always loved
doing it's just so much easier that way
because your lipstick will always end up
matching your cheeks which is something
that I think it's very important this is
the finished look this is my full face
using only five products if you want to
elevate this look just a little bit and
you want to transform it into a more
dewy glowy type of look you can easily
do that by adding highlighters I prefer
using cream highlighters for this
because it gives you a more glow from
within type of clothes yeah so that's
the look I've kind of going for since
this is a everyday type of look I'm
gonna be using the NYX jumbo eye pencil
so this is absolutely not even a
highlighter stick this is just a what is
it this is a jumbo eye pencil stick it
is in the shade six 1:1 and yogurt it
has a rose gold shiny type of glow to it
and I think this looks really great
especially on my skin tone so this is
what I use and it's also very very easy
to apply all you have to do is apply it
to the high points of your face
and just blend it out I'm also gonna add
on my chin and I keep its fill the tip
of my nose and I'll just draw a little
line there you have it this is the
elevated look I just added a subtle glow
to the high points of my face and I
think it makes it look more healthy
glowy and dewy which is something I
really really like looking like every
single day so that's why highlighter is
very important to me but it's not a
necessity that's why it was just like a
bonus tip for this video but yeah I
think it makes it look so so much better
but you know if it's not for you you
don't have to put it I think the five
products that we used earlier
I think that's enough especially for a
really beautiful everyday look that's it
for this video thank you guys so so much
for watching and don't forget to Like
comment and subscribe to my channel
