stop comparing yourself to other people
everyone's personality is different
everyone's experience is different so it
just doesn't make sense to me that you
compare yourself to someone else because
it's just completely different things
and you're not gonna get anything from
it you're just gonna end up regretting
your life choices you're just gonna end
up unsatisfied with your life and all of
these are negative things so I think the
best thing to do is to really just not
compare yourself to other people I mean
I know it's so much harder to do now
especially since social media has made
everything so much more accessible so
it's so much easier for you to come
across other people's life experiences
and what other people have and what
other people are doing and then it just
makes you stop and question what you're
doing with your life I know this because
this is something I used to do a lot I
used to compare myself to anyone I would
see on social media it doesn't even
matter who they are I would look at
their life and then let's say for
example they're on vacation I would look
at it and I'd be like why am i not on
vacation and then I'd end up in this
downward spiral and then I'd end up
unhappy because because of this one
thing that I saw and then I just ended
up comparing it to my life and then I
just end up realizing that I'm not happy
where I'm at and then eventually I
started to realize that this stuff you
see on social media it's not even real I
mean even I can attest to most of my
fake most of my photos being backdated
and set up and I really don't even post
photos that aren't that beautiful I
really post to make my feed beautiful so
if there's something happening right in
my life that's just not picture-perfect
there's no way I'm putting that out and
I'm sure I'm not the only one who does
that
I'm sure a lot of people renewed filters
the real photos and decide as to what
they really want to put out to the world
I mean there's nothing wrong with that
I mean filter away it's your life it's
your discussion what you want to put out
to the world but what I want to tell
everyone here today is that it doesn't
make sense for you to look at all of
these things to look at how someone's
life is going their career is going
where the relationship is going and just
think to yourself that oh my gosh why
isn't my life going this way how come
they're way ahead of me because that's
exactly the kind of thinking that will
put you behind that is the thing that
will make you degress and make you such
a negative person and you're never going
to move forward and you're never gonna
get the life that you want for yourself
and also it makes you want a specific
life that other people are already going
for it it doesn't push you to think of
what you actually want for yourself and
actually go for it so that's something I
really want everyone to learn today stop
comparing yourself to other people
everyone is different just focus on
yourself and that's how you're gonna
become a better person
