for today's episode let's talk about
today so many people underestimate the
power of today
the easiest thing to do is to put things
off I am very guilty of this I'm the
type of person who when she comes up
with a great idea just thinks about it
over thinks it I talk to other people
about it I try to prepare things for it
I I I just have so many things that I
have to do before actually executing the
idea and I know I'm that type of person
so yes I am that person who just puts
things off it's just I make so many
excuses and all of these things that I
feel like I'm closer to actually
accomplishing it when I'm not so that's
something that I do so when I got this
idea to actually create this vlog series
I just
I actually thought of starting it next
week or starting it tomorrow or three
days from now and then I just told
myself no this is a great idea
this is something that you should do
right now so I just did it I thought
about this an hour ago and Here I am
shooting this video this is just
something that I hope everyone does with
their life with whatever idea you have
whatever goal you have or whatever dream
you have for yourself
this is something you should just do
stop thinking about how you're gonna do
it stop thinking about you know all the
nitty-gritty of it just start doing it
just do something that gets you closer
to it don't just plan it out just think
about it and just imagine what a small
step can do towards your bigger dream
you know I think about a lot of things
in this way I need to prepare for things
I want everything to be perfect because
I feel like there's a perfect time to do
things but you know what there is no
perfect time to do
anything actually so all you have to do
is to choose to do it today just make
the choice to do what you've always
wanted to do today and you're gonna see
how your life is just gonna improve so
much when you decide to do whatever you
want to do today stop putting it off
stop making excuses stop lying to
yourself
that you're actually preparing for it or
you're actually going towards it when
you haven't actually done a single thing
that's actually something I'm really
guilty of and I'm trying to change that
and I hope you guys try to change that
as well and I hope you do something
today
that you've always wanted to do the time
to act is now it's right now it's today
