hey guys what's up its addy here welcome
back to my channel
so today we're gonna be doing this what
are you called succulent dish garden
what wait a second
succulent yeah Club succulent discarded
if that is exactly what I have here I
did a workshop a few weeks back with the
greenhouse project all about succulent
dish gardening and I enjoyed it so much
and I thought it would be a great idea
to share it with you guys this is
exactly what I made in the workshop I
actually named them
this is Chanel Prada and Giovanni she
now I'm just kidding I actually don't
know what their names are yet but I will
figure it out anyway I had such an
amazing time creating my dish garden so
I thought it would be an awesome idea to
show you guys how you can create your
own describing or right at home it's
actually not that hard to do honestly at
first I wasn't so sure if I was actually
gonna come up with something nice but
looking at what I had now I think I did
pretty well my only problem now is I'm
kind of not sure if I'm taking care of
it correctly but it's been about three
weeks and it still looks kind of good so
yeah by the way if you're not yet
subscribed to my channel feel free to
click the subscribe button down below so
you'll be notified of all the round of
things I decide to put out to the world
too if you want to learn how to create
your very own succulent dish garden just
watch the rest of my videos to create
this beautiful succulent dish garden all
you need is let's go through them one by
one these are actually decor I have a
bunch of shelves right here I'm gonna be
using this to decorate my dish garden
these smaller rocks are for the top part
of the dish garden these bigger rocks
are for the bottom part of the different
and of course this
the soil for a succulent garden you need
some succulents so I got two different
ones this one actually I'm giving to my
mom and this one's going to my little
sister and I'm just gonna plant it for
them this is actually my favorite
succulent obviously you're also gonna be
needing some pots the reason I'm using
clear pots is so you guys can see what
I'm doing but you don't have to use a
clear pot you can use white ones black
ones it doesn't really matter I honestly
prefer a clear pot because when you
water succulents you're not supposed to
water them if the soil still down having
a clear pot really helps me figure out
if they're wet or not that's why I
prefer the clear the clear dish you
don't need this right now but this is
basically what you use to water the
succulent I'm gonna show you guys how to
do that later on in the video
you need a pail actually I don't even
remember using the fail this is like
purely for decorative purposes or
something I don't know where to keep all
of the things together
it has gardening gloves what-whatever
this is a small rate it's not a rake a
small you guys know what this is we have
a paintbrush so this is to dust off
whatever you want to get off your
succulent you also have a spoon it's a
funny it's a spoon taped to a chopsticks
it looks really funny but this is really
important especially when you have to
put soil or rocks into a place that you
really can't reach because your dish
garden is such an extravagant thing and
you really have to be careful to not
touch your succulent so this is a very
very helpful tool especially if you have
you know big hands and it just can't get
into the places you want it to this is
super useful we also have chopsticks I
think this one is for well actually I
don't use this but it was in the kit if
you're not lazy and you want to remove
stuff one by one you can use this
using all of this stuff I have right now
are actually from the workshop I did
with the greenhouse project special
shout out to the greenhouse project for
teaching me everything I know and
forgiving me all of these awesome stuff
to play with alright so let's get on
with the tutorial the kids actually came
with an apron but I don't want to use it
right now because I don't think it's
gonna be super messy but uh yeah I do
really need gloves so I'm gonna grab my
glitter so first thing you do is you add
some big rocks to the bottom part add
about 3/4 to 1 inch layer of rocks I
just like to flatten it just to make
sure it's an even layer next up is the
soil so I'm gonna add a bit of soil I'm
gonna try my best to be as neat as
possible I'm just gonna add a layer of
soil the reason I added big rocks at the
bottom is so that the moisture from the
soil just goes to the bottom to the rock
with succulents it's not supposed to be
wet for so long also if you guys have
little pieces of charcoal you can add a
few pieces on top of the big rocks
before you put the soil because that
also takes in moisture so the next step
is pretty messy like this is the
messiest that's gonna get so what we're
gonna do is we're gonna remove whatever
soil is this is in right now add it to
the pot now to ensure this happens
neatly this is my apron I'm just gonna
put it here to catch all the soil there
we're gonna be removing the soil until
we have the roots so what they taught us
was to just press this yeah like loosen
up that soil before actually removing
the oh my gosh I see it I see it getting
out yeah so just keep pressing it
it's gonna be really messy but you know
what that's okay that's part of it
that's like apply pressure around it and
eventually it's just gonna come out well
that's what happened to me right now
there it is
try to remove as much of the old soil as
you can if you guys look closely you're
gonna see a few discolored pieces down
here they're actually dry so you can
just go ahead and remove those so that
you're left with the healthy moist moist
so you're left with the healthy piece if
it dries up it's it's dead so you you're
better off removing it but if it's not
completely dry there's still hope so
don't don't just knock them out also if
you lose a few good leaves in the
process you can replant those this is
what it looks like without the soil it
looks a bit scary but we're just gonna
lay it here while I do the other one
this is a super cute succulent eye I
like it so much oh my gosh it just
popped off okay that's gonna happen
sometimes this one was a bit easier now
that we've completely removed as much
soil as we can this is the part where we
add more soil it'll just add more soil
to this one there we go then I just make
like a little hole and then that's when
I quit it here the moment you find a
good position make the soil around the
succulent really tight so that's what
I'm doing right now I'm really pressing
in the soil so that it really becomes
solid I don't know if this is good or
not but I usually shake it and if it
looks stable then I'm good I'm gonna do
the other one
I just realized how weird this must look
right now see you guys and basically
just gardening on my channel so let me
know if you guys like it if you want to
see me teach you guys something else I'm
just pressing down on the soil around
the root so I'm doing one last go around
on the topsoil just making sure all of
it is nice and firm and now I'm gonna
brush off the soil that went on the
succulent cuz you know I want it to be
pretty so when you're happy with how it
looks it's now time to add the top layer
to the top layer we're gonna be using
these small stones there's some tiny
then just spread it out this one looks
like it's drowning but it's a baby so
it's kind of okay oh this one I guess
spoon versus I can't get into those
little notes now that you're done with
the top layer it's time to decorate I
think this is cute this one I don't want
to add any Vegas those already so many
things going on right now that's what I
learned from the workshop that is how to
create your very own succulent dish
garden you can actually use a lot of
succulents for just one pot but for me I
wanted to separate them they say that
the bigger the pot the bigger the
succulent will grow so I'm hoping this
one becomes really really big cuz I
think it's super cute these are the
finished products check them out
these are my new succulent dish Gardens
I actually really like them especially
this one this one's super cute after you
transfer the succulents to another pot
don't water them yeah you heard me right
don't water them I'm apparently
succulents and need a few weeks to
really heal itself and you know
integrate itself into the soil so give
it two weeks
don't water it or anything but put it
out into the sunlight for a few hours a
day so after two weeks that's when you
can water it doesn't wanna currently
taking shirt off I'll show you guys how
I water it so what I like to do is to
just direct the water to the rocks only
don't let the water touch the succulent
I don't know what's gonna happen if it
touches the succulent but that's
basically what you see this part has the
top layer rocks just put it there like
that just like that and then the water
will actually seep down to the soil and
you'll actually get to see it happen so
that's pretty cool that's also why I
like the clear pot so that I can see if
there's the water is there and if they
leave this seem drier than usual yeah
you know go ahead and water them but if
they seem really healthy like these now
mine's - they look really shiny and they
feel really nice so I don't think I need
to water them right now and I'm sorry I
did please so dive another tip I can
give you is if there are leaves that are
dry like this one just you know pick
them out but it's everything I know
about a succulent dish gardening I hope
you guys enjoyed this video and I hope
it inspired you guys to go out there and
really create something for yourself it
doesn't have to be a succulent describe
in it can be anything at all but the
important thing is really using your
creative juices and you're just creating
something beautiful and something you
love and I think that's a very important
if you guys want to learn so much more
about succulent dish gardening I suggest
you guys check out the greenhouse
project I don't leave a link to their
website in the description box that's it
for this video thank you guys so so much
for watching and also for a liking
commenting and subscribing to my channel
of you guys on my next video
