if you guys want to check out my latest
beauty haul just keep on watching
I see booty haul yeah I think I said
booty hole I've asked you that it
my latest booty haha hello my lovelies
does addy here welcome back to my
channel so today I'm gonna be doing a
beauty haul for you guys cuz I just
bought a bunch of different beauty
products from Divisoria and II love
Maria and I thought it would be a great
idea to show you guys everything I got
before we get into the video and don't
forget to subscribe to my channel
somewhere on this page is a big red
button you can just click that button
right there and you will be subscribed
to my channel and you will be notified
of all the random fun things that I do
on my channel so if you guys want to
check out my latest beauty haul just
keep on watching first up I'm gonna show
you guys all of the stuff I got from
Divisoria
I didn't go there to do a haul video or
anything but for some reason I just got
a bunch of random stuff that I've always
been curious about so yeah that's what
I'm gonna show you guys right now the
first thing I got is this mini brow
class drawing guide basically it has
three different eyebrows stencils and I
guess I can't play around with my
eyebrow shape I don't know I don't
really know how this works I've never
tried it before but I was super curious
about it so I bought it and this one
cost me 20 pesos I ended up getting
another stencil but at this time it is
for my liner I don't know if you guys
noticed this but I do not put on
eyeliner it's mainly because I'm scared
that if I do eyeliner I'm just gonna
mess up my entire face and you know who
wants that I feel like it's just gonna
mess with my entire look and it's just
gonna ruin the video I'm just gonna ruin
my face and I'm just gonna be really
back to it so I just tend to not do
eyeliner but I'm hoping that this can
help me out with that this is a cat eye
look eyeliner stencil so if you check it
out it comes with two stencils so I can
do this type of eyeliner
I don't know I don't know what I was
thinking when I bought this but uh I
think I was just thinking okay I think I
have to practice putting on eyeliner and
maybe stencils could help maybe I don't
know this hall is pretty funny it's more
of stuff I want to experiment with
that's why it's weird stuff this
eyeliner stands low costs 20 pesos
speaking of weird things I've never
tried before next up is this one yes
that is a lip this is actually a well
it's it's all in Chinese Japanese I
don't know what does this look like you
guys oh wow there's English
it's a collagen nourish lips membrane I
talked to the guy in the store and I
asked him what does this do and then he
said that this makes your lips plump it
has a lasting nourishing softening
lasting once your izing and nourish a
further silky skin babe the lipgloss
make the lip smoother and pink harvest
lip return water moist moist inning and
moisturizing your lips I don't know what
translated this it's just it's so funny
that that was an entire sentence by the
way anyway I'm super excited to try this
out this one was actually 15 pesos yes
this lip thing is 15 pesos after you
want experiment for this because I want
to know if you know there are actually
products out there that can pull up out
your lips without doing lip fillers or
surgery or anything like that so I'm
super excited to show you this out to
watch out for that video next up I got a
two of these these are blackhead poor
strips
I don't know by the way why it says it's
a four strip because I'm touching it
right now and it's its liquidy like it
doesn't feel like it's a strip or maybe
it starts out liquid and then it dries
out just rip I don't know but I'm super
curious about these I've actually seen
videos about these products you know the
one it's like a black liquid and then
you put it all over your nose and then
you wait for it to dry and then when you
peel it off you can see your blackheads
right on the dried out thing so I'm
super excited to try this out I hope it
works
if it does that's gonna be really
awesome because I actually just got
these for 10 pesos each really cheap for
something that's gonna remove your
blackheads but you know what let's see
let's see if these work next up I got a
tutu again well I actually got two in
case I messed up using it the first time
I can just do it again but anyway yes so
these are white clay masks blackhead
extraction acne removal yes that is
exactly what it says destruction spread
with warm towel for 2 minutes after
cleansing the face apply the peel off
white mud mask evenly peel it off after
15 to 20 minutes and wash the face with
water all right so basically this is a
mask that supposedly gets rid of
blackheads and acne so I don't know
let's see I'm gonna try this one out as
well this one was also ten pesos each I
always laugh when I see this I got this
eyebrow template it looks really weird
like it looks like such a weird
contraption and it's also in some random
I don't know Chinese Japanese language I
don't know I really can't tell basically
this is something I can use to shape my
eyebrows so this is another thing I want
to try out it just looks like such a
funny thing and I'm super curious if it
works so yeah I bought this one and this
one was actually 20 pesos oh this one's
cute alright so I got this thing it's
actually a it's some form it's some
contraption that can help you create a
bun like you know how when you go on
Instagram or Pinterest and then you see
people with perfect buns that's not real
that's not natural they use things to
have to be make it into a bun and this
is one of the things they use I'm not
quite sure how to use this honestly but
I'm trying to make a video of me
figuring out how to use this and
creating different bun thing oh there's
actually steps here at the back which I
cannot read but there are pictures so
that would be really helpful as we got
it for 35 pesos and if you get a lot
it's I think it's like three for a
hundred so I think that's such a good
deal
next up I have this flying saucer now
I'm just kidding it's a brush cleaner
yes it's a brush cleaner
I like visits cute it's purple it's my
favorite color you can even put your
hand in here and you know do like this
with a brush that's basically what it's
for
this one is a brush cleansing pad that's
what it is
I've seen this a lot on other YouTube
channels this is how other beauty gurus
clean their brushes so I'm super curious
about it and I want to try it out for
myself I also got another one this one
is a heart shaped brush pad cleaner it's
really cute you can put your hand in
here and then you just you know swirl
your brush around it so this one's a
good option to over brush cleaners out
of course I got everyone's favorite at
the brush cleaner egg you just put your
finger in there and then you just swirl
the brush around I see this on YouTube
channels a lot anyway visa tea I
actually got from the same store it's
about fifty pesos if you just buy one
since I bought three I was able to
haggle it down to a three 400 so I
basically paid 100 for all of my random
randomly shaped brush cleaner pads last
but not least and also my favorite bye
so far I got this Real Techniques marvel
diamond shaped sponge it's super cute I
don't know if you guys can see it the
light too much like obviously this is
fake it's not real Real Techniques but
it's from their bold metals collection
it's a diamund sponge so I'm super
excited to try this first of all I love
the diamond shape second I am so in love
with the marble design on it so I'm
super excited to try this out I'm also
gonna be making a video about this one
I'm just gonna see if I like it or not
or I'll just use it for decor I don't
know haven't really decided yet anyway
so I got this sponge for 80 pesos it was
actually the cheapest I found somewhere
selling it for 200 or 150 I was like why
is
this 500 so expensive it's just one
sponge and then I found a store that was
selling it for 80 pesos that's it for
all the stuff I got from Davis Soria
next up I'm gonna be showing you guys
all of this stuff I got from you look
Maria if you guys don't know what you
look Maria is it's this store inside I
say that sells a lot of natural products
and the base material is anything you
can get from bees so honey bee jelly I
think most of their products are made
out of stuff that leads me I really like
it I've actually gone there a lot as a
child I used to use their soap all the
time now I decided to try out products
that I've never tried before so that's
what I'm gonna show you right now so the
first thing I got is this honey propolis
throat spray so this is 30ml it is
antiviral antibacterial and antioxidant
I don't know if I've ever told you guys
this but I am actually a professional
events hostess of that my throat really
bad stuff happened to it all the time
one of my mentors actually recommended
that I try this out this is actually the
first thing I grabbed when I was and II
look Maria so I'm really really hoping
this work so I'm gonna be trying this
out this month and I will let you guys
know if it works if it works out for me
I'm really hoping it does this is their
receipt that's really long actually they
listed all of their products here which
is kind of funny anyway so this throat
Speights Bay so this throat spray is 80
pesos the next thing I got is this honey
milk cleanser and moisturizer so it says
here it is handmade in our bee farm from
be milk and royal jelly honey bees wax
propolis and natural flower urban seed
oils that cleanses dry and scaly skin to
make it supple and smooth I have the
lady and even video what this is for
apparently it's it removes makeup yeah I
know I was super surprised I said really
this can remove makeup so I'm gonna be
making a video about this thing right
here cuz I really want to test out if
this is an effective makeup remover
because if you go for natural products
it's way better for your skin so this is
something I super want to try oh it's
this one is
this one is 100 pesos mmm not bad it's
not expensive but it's not cheap either
but then again it's an all-natural
product so the last thing I got from you
look Maria is this Honey face scrub I've
actually never tried any of their scrubs
or I have tried their bath salts I
really like the bath salts but I've
never tried their face scrub so I'm
super excited to try this out this one
has it does not say the ingredients but
it says here to dip your clean fingers
okay so I just have to massage this on
my face for 10 to 15 minutes and then
I'll just rinse it off all right so if I
remember correctly this has out meal
honey royal jelly actually I feel like
they kind of put the same ingredients
and all of their stuff I'm super excited
to try this out I'm really planning to
make a video just trying out this scrub
because it's so interesting to me to
have like a honey face scrub I don't
know I've never tried this before so I'm
super excited to try this out how much
are you okay so this is the most
expensive thing I bought this one is
absolutely 160 pesos and this is all you
get I know
let's see I'll test it out and I will
let you guys know what I think about it
and if it is worth your money that's it
for this a beauty haul video I hope you
guys enjoyed it and don't forget to Like
comment and subscribe to my channel and
I will see you guys on my next video bye
guys what
