hello my lovelies that's Agee here and
welcome back to my channel so today
we're gonna be doing a what am i doing
sometimes I don't even know what I'm
planning to do it's not good Eddy let's
do that again
hello my lovelies it's addy here welcome
back to my channel so today I'm gonna be
doing an unboxing haul for you guys its
unboxing the correct term I'm not quite
sure I think it's more of an unboxing
and unwrapping and then opening of stuff
Oh
lately I've been getting a bunch of
stuff from PR and also there's a bunch
of birthday gifts that I haven't even
opened yet and just a bunch of other
random stuff that people gave me full
disclosure I have peeked into a few of
them but I haven't really fully opened
it so yeah what before I guess with the
haul I just want to let you what before
we get into the hall I just want to
remind you guys to subscribe to my
channel all you have to do is click that
big red button that's somewhere down
there anyways so if you guys wanna check
out all of the roundup stuff I get from
random places just keep on watching this
video let's start it off with a birthday
gifts that I haven't opened yet my
birthday was a month two months ago ash
I haven't opened any of these this gift
is from my Tito Florence
and wonder where she got it
all right so what is in here we have
makeup yeah I love makeup we have the
L'Oreal True Match Lumi so this is a
powder glow illuminator blush and
highlight that's actually super pretty
so i have two revlon matte balm so one
is in a nude shade and one is a pink you
i've never tried these from revlon so
I'm super excited to try these
Arlyn Revlon insta blush oh this is cool
it's a blush in a stick Oh fit me here
fit me shine for you balance it's the
second always foundation all right so I
have a fit me foundation I've actually
heard a lot of good things about fit me
especially from other youtubers so I'm
super excited to try this one all of
these makeup products I have never tried
before so I'm super excited to try them
out special thanks to my teacher
Florence for all of these gifts a little
cool next one is the box best to get out
of this paper bag and I may have messed
it up next up I have this box of goodies
it's from my friend RJ special shout out
to RJ and Bobby other cute son and ego
sometimes I pretend he's my kid it's
just that cute I have a soy candle and
Valentine rose oh my god it smells so
good I honestly never been into candles
but this smells so good I know at the
smells like it smells like I just woke
up on the first day of spring I know we
don't have spring here in the
Philippines but this is how I imagined
the first day of spring to smell like I
love gifts like these by the way I love
getting a lot of gifts and one gift I
just love looking through all of them
and
taking out all the random stuff there's
also body resort Batphone it says here
keep away from children why can't
children a bathroom Oh what loofah
there's such a cute color - it's a
stretchable this loofahs cool I can get
my neck my back like if I'm lazy and I
just want to do this yeah I don't know
what I'm doing anyway oh there's a
knowit's Oh beautiful look at the card
hi Annie sorry I'm a week late giving
this to you
that's okay RJ I don't mind yeah I'm not
gonna read this whole thing just want to
show you guys the card cuz it was cute I
ought to have telling a Ragusa premium
coffee I'm actually and not a coffee
drinker but I kind of want to try this I
feel like I should start exploring more
things that I've hated before I don't
know give it another chance maybe my
adult miss adore this may be my adult
this will make me like it
hey this is beautiful look at this
actually I'm not even sure if this is a
book or a notebook what are you okay
it's a planner it's a planner guys I
figured it out can you please look at
that beautiful rainbow ombre thing
that's so cute this is so me it says I'm
pretty much up for anything the beach
the city I'm ready for it
yep my friends know me I also have I
can't read Japanese but I'm assuming
these are no sports trips yes I think so
because there's there's Lika a nose
illustration over here that and body oil
luxurious arose from botanicals and blue
wow that smells exactly like the candles
so this is the second day of spring and
the candle smells like the first day of
spring there's one more thing left in
here this is the in the mood natural
moods I color palette I have never heard
of this brand but I feel like I'm gonna
like it
check out these shades I can't wait to
play with these all right so all of
those things came at my friend RJ
special shout out to art they thank you
so so much for all of these I'm so
excited to try them out actually
especially the makeup if you do want to
play with it next up I have this big
paper bag from lush keeper I can spot
some of my Louie this is so beautiful
look at this one of my very very special
friends just came from Hong Kong and he
gifted me this cute jacket that I'm
gonna tie on right now it's got some fur
oh yes look at my new fur jacket I look
so chic
god it's so white it's whiter than this
bird itself away what else is in here I
also have this it started with a kiss
lip tip what a cute name for lifted so
this is from lush wow this is so pretty
okay kind of got flattened but I think
it's still pretty look at those colors
this is the rainbow fine a Technicolor
dream bar with all of these different
colors I can create anything I can do
shampoo I can do so I can I can have a
bath I think I've never taken a bath
before but yeah I think it's gonna be
super cool when I shower with this
special shout out to Matthew thank you
for all the gifts that's it for the
birthday gifts next up our stuff I get
some event this one is from a VVIP of
loggers party I actually hosted it I met
a lot of
firstly really a baby happy baby so cute
she's super friendly I have a whiplash
this is from Abby's house of glycerin
shop it's organic eyelash and brow serum
so this is a brow thickener and an
eyelash thickener I've never tried doing
anything like this to my brows or to my
eyelashes so I'm gonna have to research
on this first before I ask you try it
out it's not the last thing I want for
my eyebrows and my my eyelashes to just
fall off this is an interesting product
and it's really cool that it's organic I
love organic stuff I love all natural
stuff this is a mild facial olive
cleanser from a shine tree I love the
size of this this is super travel size
and that's something I actually realize
now that I don't have and I have to I
don't know why this is do I have to lip
custard creams from Eden's paradise I've
actually already tried this before so
you can check out all my other haul
videos for that I love this product this
is also all-natural and organic and when
you put it on your lips it just gives
you a nice natural-looking pink toned
lip and when you remove the lipstick it
still looks naturally pink which is
something I really really like next up I
have a bunch of products from NeoStrata
really lazy to open it so let's just
look at this happy NeoStrata facial
cleanser and sunblock that has SPF 50
and another facial cleanser coulis I
have double of a lot of product let me
know you guys if you'd be interested if
I do a giveaway thank you and yes chart
up for this this one's so cute
I've actually picked up this already I
don't know what they're called
I'll go first check them out they're so
cute
I've actually warned them already
they're so comfy it's like there's a
pillow in here or something I don't know
but it's super comfy and it's so easy to
wear this one is actually from a risk K
this is a brand owned by my friend child
special shout it's a towel thank you so
much for my shoes I'm super excited to
wear these I know that they may look
kind of weird to you guys but for me
they're just really comfy and they look
really unique
and sometimes I just want to wear stuff
like that next up we have this shirt and
something in the shirt all right this
one is from a graphic artis they do
personalized shirt two bags mugs
tumblers pillowcases stickers etc so
check them out on Facebook in the pocket
of the shirt there's this cute marbled
phone sticker I'm just gonna insert it
in the back oh my gosh that's so cute
when I want it to be marbled I just put
the sticker on and what I want it to be
gold I just remove the sticker that's so
cool but a good idea they also give me
this cute shirt a basic black shirt but
it has a cute pocket I don't know if you
guys know this about me but i SuperDuper
love marble and I love how Aarti has
just made everything super personalized
for me the shirts pretty cheap if I
remember correctly I think it's 250 for
the shirt you can personalize the pocket
which i think is pretty cool so yeah
check them out Arty's now it's time for
my favorite part of this unboxing my PR
package let's start off with this one
this one is from I don't know but this
is open it you know I really have a hard
time opening these things I don't know
why oh it's glasses there's this cool
case and another case and stuff so
another books like a world map case this
is from Fermor thank you for oh my gosh
these are the glasses I ordered how do I
look you guys they look good these are
glasses I ordered from a firm ooh calm
yeah yeah really affordable glasses
these are rose gold specs and you can
also customize the lenses which is what
I did I made these lenses anti glare you
know those those glasses that protect
you from the Rays of your cell phone and
your laptop so that's what these are and
I'm super excited to wear the heat so
I'm gonna look so nerdy when I'm using
my laptop or use my phone
I think he's a much tougher move for
sending these over next up is this
package from
I think this is from SM let's see what's
inside this soft and clean air lead
official puffs and 90 issues Wow
actually you know what I need this
especially when removing makeup and all
of those things oh yes
facial cleansing wipes another thing I
just ran out of how did you know SM how
did you what is it this disposable lip
brushes interesting I did not know that
they made this possible lip right here
ah lipstick it's a lipstick pouch with
lipstick let's check it out so I have
lipstick from detail let's check it so
at that shade the name of this shade is
lonely that's so sad this is golden rose
vision lipstick with vitamin E in the
shade and 106 I have more Revlon so this
is the Revlon a matte balm and it's in a
nice pinkish shade the last one in here
is a lead-free smooch certified mat
about me lipstick these are all the
lipsticks that were in the pouch
actually also like the pouch so this is
from Bobbi cosmetics thank you so much
to SM for all of these cute things that
I actually kind of mean because I am a
makeup quarter I have another package
from I'm still good at opening as I'm
store beauty section America intensive
eye cream from VT la Ivor vilena
advanced lash define waterproof mascara
I've never ever seen mascara that has
white packaging and it looks
really cool this is waterproof mascara
yes I need waterproof mascara I think we
need to buy Ashley s I'm just knows you
know this is from a Revlon the oversized
mega multiplied lash looks oh wow this
is from happy skin I actually really
like the happy scream brand but they're
kind of too pricy for me so I don't
really buy stuff from them so it's cool
that I get it this one's called I am
here to stay
and is spelled like I this is a 24-hour
gel pencil eyeliner really this will
last for 24 hours I'm gonna have to do a
test video for this one I want to I
really want to know if this is gonna
last 24 hours this is a lot of product I
hope I can okay
that's going back down I can't wait to
do a review on these after you love
checking out for products claim to do
and then trying it out and really seeing
if they do what they claim so let me
know if you guys like that video idea
mineral cosmetics from Elena what are
these
they look like napkin you know there's
little napkins we give you a restaurant
don't let a mineral customer a cosmetics
I'm so sorry I can't read right now this
is Elena mineral cosmetics
it says beauty that does more not quite
sure what this is what is this what are
you I'm assuming these are eyeshadows
I'm just assuming like they kind of look
like a shadows if you guys get too
amateur would have been helpful if they
told us what this was these are tweezers
from Mario nod I hope I said that
correctly super funny because earlier
today I was using my tweezers and then I
realized these threes are stuff so I
have to go get new ones and I got some
it's like the universe works with me
look at the color it's pink
oh another bag you're on Bobbie
cosmetics hopefully this also contains
Bobbie cosmetics
ah yes it does Bobbie boss Bobbie most
Bobby cosmetics style eyes I'm assuming
this is eyeshadow
two in one brow Cara what is that it
says you're the tattoo bad what is
it's called a two and one Bravo Cara
okay set a brow mascara I was like what
is a barrel Cara
Bobbi cosmetics as well baby doll eyes
aboard a liquid eyeliner I'm noticing a
theme without one that was all I make up
Janet Essen thank you so much for
gifting me with all those things they're
actually very practical stuff to give
makeup quarter next up I have a package
this one is from la girl cosmetics
they're actually a drugstore brand in
the US I actually see a lot of my
favorite youtubers from the US review la
girls brought up so it's so for that
look at this cute little box can we just
look at how does this package that's so
cute it says you're a do you we have a
gift for you
look at all these products let's go
through them one by one
that's so much string and I'm making a
mint this is the BT LA intensive Idol
cream this one is the VTL a powder oh
wow look at that I can't wait to try
these I've never heard of VTL a
cosmetics so I'm kind of glad I can try
it out so the BDT la powder and ivory
coffee sand actually still have to find
which one's my shade so that's gonna be
fine this if there's one more bt la
creme foundation cool well I have a so
much new makeup to play with I'm super
excited for this because this what's
this bar whoo party in the be PLA no
okay now you guys see what I would look
like if I'm partying special thanks to
la girl cosmetics and to VT la for this
cute little package I have a one more
thing left and this is the thing I am
super duper excited to show you guys I
was invited to an LA girl cosmetics
event I just received the biggest event
giveaway I have ever gotten and I'm not
just talking about like it's literally
big I'm talking about the value that
they gave I was so amazed and I thought
so appreciative so special shout out to
LA girl this is it
this huge-ass bag it's what a cut as a
giveaway from the LA girl event now get
to see i love the weight came in this
big a travel a makeup bag are you all
ready I'm super excited I well I've been
wanting to open this forever but I had
to restrain myself alright here it is
let's check it out what's in this le
girl
they filled this entire bag with three
layers of product I'm so excited I want
to use all of them okay I don't know I
just start all right let's start over
here so we have the la girl pro coverage
HD high definition along we're
illuminating a foundation I'm actually
super excited to try this one out
because I see a lot of youtubers from
the US just rave about this so I'm so
happy I get to try it for myself and I
also have the LA girl a strobe light a
strobing powder so I'm assuming that's
highlighter and we have these two
toothpaste looking things so this is the
pro concealer third in different colors
I'm assuming this is a color corrector
and this is Quinn sealer or they're both
concealer I know I'll figure it out when
I try these out Pro BB cream High
Definition beauty balm oh this is pretty
this is the Le girl of the lush
collection in gold oh this is how the
product looks like
so beautiful and they feel really creamy
I also put them on my hand I'm not sure
if you guys can see I can't wait to do a
first impressions video with all of this
makeup and a girl that metal liquid
lipstick I've never tried to a metal
liquid lipstick before
inspiring la girl eyes shadow palettes
this one's more of a neutral palette
this one's more of a nighttime palette
that has the Pink's as the gold doesn't
dark down this is the matte eyeliner pen
it's quick-drying smudge proof
water-resistant and it has rich color
payoff
I can't wait to test this out of the LA
girl eyes shadow collection in nudes I
am such a natural girl I love nerds you
know I'm gonna swatch this check that
out I'm gonna swatch a bit they feel so
nice they feel so creamy
they blend out easily I can't wait to
try this out in a tutorial so stay tuned
for that very very soon we have another
foolish collection and glow Oh more
foundation of a girl prep so this is a
face primer and this is fiber mascara
laughs so I have more mascara but this
one's in gold I love gold packaging this
one is the LA girl gel liner it comes
with a brush and the gel liner pot
another matte eyeliner pen and oh a
different eye shadow palettes I super
like this color by the way oh my gosh
wow this is their blue this is their
blues palettes oh there's another la
girl strobe light strobing powder or
mascara another nudes palette the LA
girl Pro face pressed powder we have
another face primer and metal liquid
lipstick more concealers but different
colors this one's orange and this one's
kind of skin tone
another BB cream that's it for my la
girl package special shout out to LA
girl thank you so so much for gifting me
with all the
these beautiful beautiful things and I
cannot wait to try them all out and that
is the end of this unboxing and opening
of thing this video why I have to don't
even it was cuz this video anyways
that's it for this video I think you
guys so so much for watching and special
shout out to everyone who gifted me with
things and who sent me stuff they dress
so so much for all of it I really really
appreciate it and I cannot wait to try
them out and I cannot wait for you guys
to see how all these products work so
that you'll know if it's something you
actually want to go out and buy or if
it's not for you so I'm super excited to
do that for all of you guys as well I
hope you guys like this video let me
know in the comment box down below which
product you'd like me to review or if
you want me to do a full face of
something right off the bat I'm already
thinking of doing a full face using la
girl cosmetics and then I'm gonna try
maybe do a video on how to find your
shade with a BTL a cosmetics and just
all of those things so if you guys have
any suggestions feel free to type it
down in the comment box below that's it
for this video thank you guys so so much
for watching and don't forget to Like
comment and subscribe to my channel and
I will see you guys next time bye
