hello my lovelies I am starting out my
day at Casa aguilar
right here in las pi√±as
I am gonna be hosting the grand launch
of Casa Geller
it's a bed and breakfast and events
place and I'm super excited kind of
nervous at the same time because I heard
that the mayor of this need yes it's
gonna be here they're some kind of
scared but excited at the same time I've
never better
so yeah I think it's gonna be great
everyone and welcome to the brand launch
of past Nagas are my name is Abby we're
not gonna be requested to be to be
revenge is all about summer breathing
this is a beautiful venue is a bed and
breakfast and in that space to layer on
your own Connecticut's work of this
amazing atmosphere we're gonna be having
an inspirational message from Senator
Mark bill yard
are there not a lot of awards
why
