today I'm gonna be having a slumber
party
well actually it's not my slumber party
you guys remember Mikey yeah no one
always walks away
but don't worry I'll get the drums might
be video we're doing this cursed little
boy over there that's a dream
he wants to do a Dungeons and Dragons
let's go in shape and you as president
of it it's a role-playing game it's
awesome
Mikey say hi he doesn't want to say hi I
am obsessed with online shopping and I
brought it to show Matty because I know
she'll care I'm gonna be trying it
this is how the just looks like you
really can't be fat it's just not gonna
work
are you gonna stop me one by one but we
have to follow this is the third outfit
I got this is actually my favorite the
one thank you okay bye that's ultra V
Lego people these infuses we're gonna be
using to be games and I'm gonna be you
why aren't it's all guys of them but
there is one girl
this is princess Millia IG holding a
pizza you are not really clean I'm just
gonna get a character's I can mess with
other people deep into the game get an
item so easy and I gave her an hour
crossbow and some obscure
Misato is my favorite sweater I also
don't even care what brand it is
do you think I'm reading your agent your
friends why is there a wall the dungeon
is discrete so I can just look there and
I can see you okay
my noble knights and their majestic
castles to the lush forests those
features and mysterious ruins Taliban is
a land known for the many adventures
stories and legends that have happened
here something
oh you're drunk
that's why you're not right you know how
I told you guys that I still order to
become from Nicole she is the sweetest
Jesus sugar I've expressed it to me
today so that I could just get it is my
package from Nicole I don't know why
that you like this I already know what's
inside but you know it's so different
when you see it online at the gym
there's a good read when you see it
online and then you see it in person so
let's see the first thing I got was a
lot more clothes red waist skirt
it's a tinted collage it's super cute
and it's as good as gold gee I don't
know I I find it kind of awkward also
that's like my stuff will be kind of
sealed but the kind of it that I think
it took me yeah oh my god both of these
items Raiders 400 transferred and to
even ship the two major three like she
covered the graphics and everything so I
think it's totally worth it
I dunno the end of this doesn't say but
it looks high-end
I'm super like this is habit look it
also is very very comfortable and just
feels so nice and stuff this video kind
of instead of being like a mini whole
type of video but I promise you guys so
I hope you guys I also know how the into
the end zone
I'm gonna eat in front of all of them an
exemption is realized that I have the
most awesome things are fair like even
though I might even playing the game
with them right now I'm still having too
much time you know for doing the big
thing and commenting you know it's just
actually so much fun that we just laugh
at all the stupid things that happened
and it's just so amazing and I realize
that this is something you need to even
like you need to be happy because one of
the things I've been thinking about
lately but you just need to be happy
they've been order for your life to
really mean something empty you know
really become something worthwhile it
has to be something that makes you happy
and for me being with my friends just do
it most random stuff ever that makes me
so hot into it
I'm actually very excited to share this
with you guys because this shows a
different side of me
not just the I love bargain shopping
side ID or the blogger I or the
advocates of beverage will support the
business so different and so dear to me
also the business is the side of my life
that I really try to try a bit for it
I enjoyed today I just felt like doesn't
start anew because improving to share
analogy
I hope you guys are enjoying so far as
much as I'm enjoying myself right and I
hope you guys also find these types of
people in your life super people who you
know will never leave you and who will
support you no matter what and who will
just if you ask me to cry and make your
life happy and that's just something I
wish on everybody this is just gonna
make your life so much more rich so much
more filled with love and one more thing
can we open the other one oh stop cries
baby come back give me ten you do this
this has no pineapple yeah
I sure would use them don't even like
friends with Heidi abortion food blogger
blogger blogger blogger to be to be this
difference you guys don't know we're
gonna be heading there I know what I've
been fighting so let's see
look everyone use us if he were a baby
you sunlight result early everyone watch
this you'll understand your old people
love babies baby baby baby
