hey guys what's up it's adding here
welcome back to my channel so today I
have a very special guest with me hello
that we don't really talk hello this is
Matthew he's gonna help me out with
today's challenge so today we're back
whats in my mouth whats in the mouth
we're gonna be doing the what's in my
mouth challenge so I see a lot of
youtubers do this so we thought we'd try
it out you pick out hair you got that is
right okay so we each got 10 food items
their food items right thank you
hopefully that food and you can be you
got 10 food items and then we're both
gonna close our eyes and give food to
the other person and the other person
hasn't tried to guess what each guess
what they eat yeah yeah so that's
basically what you're gonna do today but
that was not Baker goes race see you
worry
I can pick you if I go first or not are
you gonna be free I wanna go first you
look like nice you will give me food I
will give you I'll give you
we're not use no black foot there
because we're gonna do the trust in them
where we just close our eyes and I see a
lot of youtubers do this so this is not
a purse Safari forget the challengers
what you like like and subscribe
we have to see this properly before we
get to the challenge I just want to make
you guys to like and subscribe to my
channel if you haven't yet somewhere let
us start with the what did my mouth
challenge it's not like a real ball it's
no super harsh this show that I know yes
good yeah good wow you're so nice
usually people are mean and they get
like really awkward oh I have one point
for you I'm not one for me okay please
rise
you might like it
open your mouth
okay two points for me oh wait are we
getting points it's the other person's
method or just what the person good so
what is it I don't know why am I gonna
Bart do we have a bar being back Medina
warming back well I like this one okay
open your mouth where is it
good yeah crispy entrevidas that's why
it's extra salty okay
I always forget to show them what it is
give you like a big white half way or
another
what is it
fish okay.what caviar know kind of
salted fish let's get all the fish so
this year what it's crappy oh I know you
didn't get the news got beat up bad
month Alaska you know cuz my crappy
diner for boys
no don't really get a point yeah okay so
I get so I think way yeah that's good
yeah don't you like it okay your mouth
open sure why thank you guys believe you
gave me man I hate that was awkward
basically on point I'm winning this game
I was so bad okay
not sure if you're gonna like this don't
hate don't hate me okay yeah okay
the conscience so it's a coin flip okay
cheese cheese cheese chip chant girl
cheese curls
yeah boy you might experience is that I
know that's why I said you didn't eat it
but by just for mayonnaise again you're
gonna be disqualified
focus on okay open your mouth
and then when you close it you have to
take a big bite okay it's okay
okay go just like a cake there's like a
savory cake one crab cake what is it I
give up
don't do the brain messes with my digits
on you I thought it was fish cake cake
and fruit no I got there was fish game
that's a pretty cake I'm peeking you're
not allowed to pee why do I always keep
the stuff that you hear me give you
pretty good oh oh oh I got one point two
points yeah done three airports
do you know what it is what do you know
what it is what if it's a pencil I'm
gonna do Mary oh yeah very fast I knew
it
this is my favorite favorite tool I like
the red one boom strawberries and
dreamers is basically Anna for you oh
it's so good
are you open but another flavor cookie
and then there's like strawberry down
the middle in my name we're not a jerky
like Camino wit hmm getting near really
dates the squid but I get the texture
squidy okay right squid yes it's from
what is it though
perfect this is so easy that you get the
chance to like guess even the press no
part of it no I know I'm just saying I'm
right that's kind of even there's a lot
of time ladies
yeah why do have national vigor nice you
got Cheetos I'm so thirsty
feel it yeah I only Gator like wine I
even wine this is really strong tea like
you got it correct yeah okay I'm gonna
have to use a spoon for this because
it's
this better not be a cockroach is this a
Papa Roach the widow barf on you in one
go open it
no way put the other me no different
means it could be a light cheat a veto
huh Nike no you know what the thing
about know the the juice it's like light
react where no I need a scissors
I can't feel my tongue behind you it
feels like powder what if I just give
you large good right okay but you get it
right there I think I'm catching up
swallow this really fast why we have we
need these are the best one in fact I
find you you can put it in your thumb
one go open your mouth we want three two
go how many points do I have you give me
so much that's wrong you have to fight
okay I'll hold it up then you bite it
okay it's good I swear II love whoever
calidad Kira for that you you put it in
water and then it becomes eat you can't
make me either
yeah yeah we drink it I'm supposed to
give you a nice one
which is her favorite yeah we have to
move a bit further from the window a
creeper the life is just so hard that's
why the street looks different
anyway moving on I'm Nick are we done
with all the weird stuff you're gonna
just get the normal stuff yeah but all
my trust
oh this is dry clothes my water last it
was supposed to be those gummy bears do
you know it
oh my god if your season you have to
sell me yeah buddy what your body's
doing right now wake up I guess what it
is order thank you
okay let's kind of point that fire how
would you like it seven come you guys I
think you already knew I was gonna love
it but so you get dirt on me okay look
at night for a while that is it for the
what's in my mouth challenge if you guys
want us to do other challenges just let
him out let him out no no no at the
comment box down below and we will try
to do it for you thank you guys so so
much for watching this video and don't
forget to a like comment and subscribe
I'll see you guys in my next video bye
guys
