my name is Bobby and I was a cyber boos
I think junior high school came in one
and made um adding a new student the
ameesha major Parana here used to densha
saguru and then one day Nancy then the
SHA neglection shotgun and and then it
was really bad may you gr meters away
but none junior and behind his back
pizzicato and I mean servicing a major
buang
wet you you that taking scars on face
near so you I took a photo of the top
wet and eNOS Gordon's of East Oak Beach
Nami and promise a classmate's Koenig
light and Nikki Bella of Shania the
co-main Salina not a location comida
para
bakka me put some of our topics but
Hindi Comics autumn brief gens
achievement and then Nizam classmate
positional photoshopping so if we know
to shop in picture he put an actual ads
on his face
io interpose I'm I'm sure Aleta knew one
day in class people
Teesha animal print holy bullet and then
he shouted stop it
then the Goulet coming to see this organ
in a day mission taro and then he cried
he broke down he cried he cried so hard
they are upon assuming at opposed
analysis a school nurse then after that
even ash like that I realized how much
damage you know boss Gordon's about that
I mean it was just a simple joke
sudden didn't get away your name he
deserves better
I just want to say that you have to be
aware sometimes you - happy more I for
you it was just a simple joke you'll
never know it comes o Brahma Lonnie you
not back to dooms about involve and I
just want to say that you have to be
very careful to say once you post
something online
it just can't take it back
well that number we had I don't so I
just want to tell my story and share
something positive online for once
you
