hey guys what's up it's Aggie here
welcome back to my channel so today I
have a very very special guest with me
his name is rap
okay fugu mas yes his name is fugu what
is a fugu mas it's a pufferfish okay
it's the bridge and musk is yeah it's
like who is the fish yes my the
smell or the Cologne you know what
you're talking so much about fugu mosque
and everything like that but we did not
tell them what you are I I am a musician
I mean independent musician there are a
lot of independent artists right now and
it's actually quite amazing just how
talented they all are and I don't know
if you guys support any independent
musicians but I fully support Rath aka
from us that's why we're doing a YouTube
collab right now because I'm gonna help
him promote his new EP and it's called
stay awake it's gonna be on October 13
in most bar and you guys should totally
go do you know where most bar is no
that's fine
that's what's north because you know
like you guys know where I'm pointing
yeah so I'm gonna put the full details
of raps EP lunch down below but you know
what let's move on to today's video so
today we're gonna be doing a musical
impressions a challenge yeah that's
right
we both the Rohit's a bunch of different
artists and we put it here in this box
so we're gonna pick a random artist from
these things look can't believe we used
scratch paper oh well you know what see
the effect on save the environment yeah
so we're gonna pick a random one from
here and then we're gonna do impressions
and then my sister is going to judge if
you just do a good impression oh you
just say yes or no and then that's how
we get the points us okay I see risk and
biggest rap and I don't have to see we
don't shoot it yeah like I'm hop and
kind of underground
and I'm more alternative Punk it's extra
hard because he's a guy and I'm a girl
so if I get a boy if you get a girl it's
gonna be super it's going to be
pretty shy I've never done this job
before so I'm super excited to try this
out okay let's starting out with fugu
month okay I go I have to go first yeah
oh my gosh can you see why I mean I
haven't even listened to their bench
song okay okay fine I can sing some of
her old songs like when Theodore was
though an innocent little girl when she
was not dead yet before Taylor died and
cannot come to the phone anywhere I
don't even know how to play any of her
songs down okay yeah it's okay mi
Unadilla it's hard to do especially if
you're a guy who doesn't have much about
French know what you got a girl oh my
god
universe I think you're going to me I
think you did this you're like sabotage
you know but I put it for me and I feel
like you put the weekend fruit I put the
weekend since you have a guitar I have a
phone okay I am going to do I'm gonna
use YouTube okay YouTube karaoke okay
I'm gonna okay but that may have really
fluffy hair okay
and I'm time we can Photoshop that it
and I'm tired to put my favorite how to
empty Nina centerpiece when you read the
table cup remember me cut that up
against the skinny piece huh don't you
clean it with her face man I love my
baby type of money Nina here and a you
talking mummy I don't see the shed
which other side I take any name switch
off my car I kill any pain I won this
round and after you know what it's hard
enough it's a hard thing when you're
mine you're not if you're not like the
same gender yeah okay it's my turn okay
I feel like doing coke it was like a
winner for me it probably is Brendon
Urie who's that the lead singer of panic
at the disco okay why did you just put
Panic at the Disco because people know
who Brendon Urie
be going away you got me
love is not a choice I don't know it's a
good it's good it really sounded like
him yeah okay so it's a thumbs up so we
don't have one point okay okay it's your
turn paddy I guess like the universe
hates me and Justin Bieber guys it's
okay you got this guy things in this eye
okay you know I'm like a nice guy okay
right now yeah okay
musics complete advantage you can do it
you can do a pre twenty year old Justin
Bieber album I the cool one with scar
okay I have to be a guy who's in love
with Selena Gomez forever I could I'm
gonna personated both of her guys okay
whoa
is it too late now to say sorry cause
I'm missing more than just your body is
it too late now to say sorry cause or
not
oh you won't let me down is it too late
to say sorry now okay hope this one's
easy
oh yes yes Billie Joe Armstrong hey
Green Day I did this to sabotage you and
to give me a point of course this is
like the easiest Green Day song to play
on acoustic guitar
the sky
how is it okay yes what so wait what's
the score kind of I'm kind of tied oh
are you okay yes I yeah I am a
car to be fair to you I wouldn't be able
to do an ariana grande I can't help you
God Ariana I think I kids who are you
oh wait what of course she's getting the
cat ears I have it I am with true are
yonathan oh yes alright I have no idea
what the cat ears are for go ahead Ari
where's cat here I know but I don't
listen to this is Ari so it has to be
done properly it has to be done properly
this is one of the best beats ever yeah
I like the war I'm gonna be honest okay
that you can skin our skin no my cats on
your side why somethin bout you makes me
feel like a dangerous woman somethin
bout somethin bout somethin bout you
makes me wanna jump out something out
something mouth nothing to prove I'm
better perfect no items are where the
way we're moving like introducing let's
do a new thing okay what oh wait what
there's enough she was joking cause it
down I feel it I think my are tears are
I think
I don't know you can sing I oh you know
I got to accurate because are you always
has those runs yeah alright okay okay oh
oh that's a good one there prevail but I
can I can't do that but then okay it's
yeah I need this the same job as you are
they're super there's au jus the P as
friend there's a friend take time
choice is yours don't be late
take you as a friend
yeah it's a no right yeah she said no no
she said no NCS this is someone good I
hope it's a girl oh yes Beyonce my girl
Beyonce I'm feeling I'm feeling you're
putting all these like really good
singers to really good female singers
yeah you're not even getting them at so
annoyed okay Beyonce oh I love this ama
Beyonce okay I'll sing it acapella which
one to the left everyone knows that song
I love this song it's for those so this
one goes out to all the cheaters out
there good luck oh I'm just kidding guys
okay to the left everything you own in a
box to the left in the closet that's my
stuff yeah if I bought it please don't
touch don't touch
let's just that's fine can you walk and
chalk out the Saints
I meant it's my name that's on that jac
turn the cabin crawl you were standing
in the front yard selling me how bout
such a fool send me I will never ever
find a man like you
you got me twist me okay it's okay you
stop one more yeah so there's actually
like four papers in here so no it's like
four left let's see if we can finish
okay even our game just imagine my boobs
are bigger all right and then my lips
have to be like no you have to do like
you have to have what's the sir
mix-a-lot yeah okay what my wait what
are the lyrics to her song which one
super bass I like super bass
so I'm Nicki oh yeah
it's actually hard to get it yeah her
lips see really big here this one's for
the boys with the booming system part
now ATM with the cooler system when you
coming through the club he be blazin not
God's axons act like it saving up and
then he does a right ton of this he
called you don't see my taco he always
gonna be yeah but never black clothes
mother on the ship ship wait a minute
justice system on the list that's kind
of zoomed up a 64 and yes to get flashes
in Lincoln hope I said excuse me you're
a hell of a guy I mean my my my my
you're like telling fire me he's so shy
and I'm loving your time you like sick
of them to drive with the thing in the
type oh yes I did
yes I did somebody please tell me who
the FI is I am Nicki Minaj like acting
dudes up that cooter you got there up
down I am a secret fan Nicki Minaj it's
okay
I mean if you have a guilty of your
guilty pleasures Minaj where no yes okay
I guess I guess you win by it's five
three I think it's five three I'm gonna
wear my celebratory are you on the ears
after you know what we're both kind of
not that good not we're not super good
really yeah we try up today's
impressions challenge you know what
there was also like a Celine Dion here I
was so excited to do Celine Dion you
wanted this for violet should this booth
try Celine Dion I can't do this okay
okay
I'm sorry we're late we're making yeah
she's Canadian
I'm sorry we're insulting a national
treasure that is it for this challenge I
hope you guys enjoyed we actually had a
lot a lot of fun there is video yeah but
we had so much fun I hope you guys liked
it also oh yeah I'm also gonna be doing
a giveaway so if you guys want to win a
pair of tickets to rocks people on all
you have to do is like this video and
comment down below your Instagram or
Facebook handle are gonna be picking
five winners and you will each win a
pair of tickets to crafts EP launch if
you guys liked this challenge we guys
like rap you like the way he sings I
hope you guys can join us on his EP
Lodge it will be amazing yeah I honestly
think it's gonna be amazing also and I'm
gonna be hosting so you know I'm so
excited for this 21 RAF is 21 years old
and he wrote recorded and produced his
own EP which i think is really amazing
and not a lot of people can do that
q yeah you know I tried I tried well I
only got as far as writing songs okay
and then that's it that's it I just
wrote songs but you know that's why I'm
so proud of people who actually go the
extra mile and finish the entire thing
and you didn't more than make a song you
made a set of songs and I think that's
really amazing and I would love for
everyone to check it out I would love
for you all to witness it he's gonna
launch it so I hope you guys check it
out and make sure to turn the giveaway
there will be five winners so there's
actually out like a big chance of
winning that is it for today's video
thank you guys so so much for watching
and don't forget to Like comment and
subscribe and so I'm a giveaway
all you have to do is to like this video
and comment down below your Instagram or
Facebook handle and you get the chance
to win a pair of tickets - Raph's baby
lunch thank you guys cheers Cheers
I don't this is cheers no it's not sure
it's just peace out it's peace out but I
say cheers
they look like money's what they do oh
my gosh okay oh yeah for real go guys
thank you so much for watching I'll see
you guys on my next video bye I'm just
doing this yeah hey you guys I'm using
you lights right now my head just hurts
yeah it's super different from my ring
light but I feel like the quality is
better that's good
