hey guys what's up it's Aggie here
welcome back to my channel so today
we're going to be learning how sir today
we're going to be learning how to cover
up our under eyes now this is something
I actually don't know how to do that is
why I have this beautiful gorgeous
prints on a beautiful missus dey's she's
actually a professional makeup artist
days is going to be teaching me how to
cover up the dark circles under my eyes
we all know it's there I just cover it
up before my virginity right but it's
there since this is the finished product
so if you guys want to know how to and
do this in your high-value no make it
disappear yeah just check out the rest
of the video Tucker so what is the first
step cover my other zoom first skip back
get back okay so I already clean my face
with squeaky keys right now where's my
shoulder
this is the mask charge water skin
hydrating mist this is probably
expensive unclean and ex-owner in it
also named lotion so this is the Mac
lightful marine right formula softening
those on me look at the moisture in
light now it's like so nervous oh it's
owner is my favorite BR is not yeah will
I look like Tia semester so toner has to
be applied with cotton ball
it can't be a finger oh what a great so
it's really it's it's like a uncle to a
hands person you know like golden yeah
but I got me so now I'm under agreement
and I can whatever I tell you how she
did it
I guess I got this from what the big
poufy puzzle yes no way okay it's pretty
different ice cream so this one you can
use your finger is it true that you have
to leave special treat for the skin
around the eyes from what you use on
your face different different - yeah
idea because the this one for sensitive
oh that's so cool I love the color it's
so huge that you know how much this is
zombie aqua miracle gel so this is a
clear gel so just I thought it would be
stealing
I didn't understand this year
so now we have to set everything one
more change
all right get my son massage my
favorite yeah round over or like
political spiders okay what does it do
and what about you and Henry doing and
tapes now crap and it's dry
timer okay for recruiting me home so the
next book primer after everything set
so this one is makeup forever step 1
skin equalizer
messaging and then this one is hourglass
mineral environment okay ladies making
this is a brushes call me what you feel
inside although the skin on my face is
super thin that's why I can't even do
like violin school next color correct
our color corrector okay watercolors it
it's so humid so this character color
correctors it's from byf publicist cop
you are entering there are the comment
so for my either for your iPhone
even speech hi so this green one right
the green one right here yeah for rent
redness and then this pink one right
here is for acceleration yeah of course
and after you can use it under your eyes
are for fair-skinned part of different
what where what I'm not with one of the
orange color corrector and was supposed
to cover sorry
Isis okay orange will offset the
darkness under your eyes I'll show you
very um okay so if you're going to just
talk to yourself use your ring finger
because it has the least preference oh I
don't know how then do I got it
if you like expect too much from this
angle
all right so the next step is support
compare so this one gives naked skin
proper but educate okay so what I buy
computer should it be a shade lighter or
the shade of it is a nice one-third like
one to one to two shades okay okay so
how do we applied I'm not going to be
movie so I'm just wishing doing that
everything I know about makeup is not
correct that nana triangle infrared
track variation so it's not good off for
too much consumers a Capri I'd rather
come in so much so prettily but this
mission failure at both opera she
brought it haha
too much better not enough actually you
need to set it with translucent powder
just a little pretty makeup Kapow to set
them your makeup to set the cream
whatever you said it wizard is a powder
and after all the makeup this can use a
high defying powder to the lava
okay so before setting it with a powder
key non-negative can you see the light
yes so you have to solve because
my mouth let's go
Oh
all right jack right so if this is the
finished product if you guys can see my
eye bag tag here gone so let's just go
through the steps again so the first
step is to sorry
this is to Preppers can write to prep
your skin and apply a primer and the
color corrector very add a container so
it's four steps skin prep primers color
corrector concealer and lastly that you
have to set it with such assistance so
those are the specimen has to cover your
under eyes if you guys liked this
tutorial and you want to check out do
this work and you know you want to talk
to her about makeup or you know tires or
to do your makeup first and check her
out on Facebook and Instagram
if axe make me off by days make me up by
Dai Li you make me up by days
dai is awesome so long because I cannot
stop together button that's it for this
video thank you guys so much for
watching I'll see you guys next time
