hey guys OS stop is Adi here welcome
back to my channel
you
so today I'm going to be teaching you
guys the updated version of my everyday
makeup look this is the finished look
right here so if you guys want to learn
how to glue this to your face just keep
watching to before anything else make
sure that your face is nice and clean it
has to be good easily so that you can do
this properly after cleansing my face
the next thing I like to do is to take
BB cream and just put it all over my
face so the one I'm using today is this
blushing beauty aqua white BB cream sec
would have it a BB cream on my hand and
I'm going to be using this Real
Techniques brush to spread it all over
my face take my hair out of the way
so what I like to do is to dab the
product all over my face and to spread
it out evenly I use a circular motion
with this brush so I just dab it like so
and I spread it around like so
I said on BB cream to moisturize my face
and also to have a really good base for
my makeup next up I'm going to be doing
my foundation there are two types of
foundations available out there let's
make a foundation on this type of
foundation of this cream foundation the
one I like using is pre insemination and
my favorite is this one from industry
though is actually a foundation stick
yeah so this is in beige so what I'd
like to do is I just like to put it on
my t-zone and the kind of on the sides
of my face
and of course on my eye bags and I like
to spread it out with this brush
- after foundation I put on concealer I
like using this one's from the faceshop
it is in natural beige so I like to form
triangles under my eyes to cover the eye
bags and I also put a bit on my forehead
for my nose my Cupid's bow and like shin
just do highlight this a bit
so now I'm going to set my face with
loose powder I like using this runs from
mashido it's called the final powder and
creamy glow so this is what I I just put
a bit of product in the cap and I just
punch to put it on over I see
now I'm going to use this brush to a
spread powder all over my face
Oh
you're probably wondering by now why I'm
allowing the powder under my eyes just
say there and that's because the longer
it stays there the more it melted to the
skin and it just makes it so much better
especially in terms of coverage I think
this is called baking yes if you just
will be a powder under your eyes for a
few minutes and it is going to end up
with a really good finish doing the
technique actually stop mascara eye
shadow from transferring to the bottom
of your ID and that's what for the base
of my face next up I'm going to be doing
my eyebrows for my eyebrows I'd like to
use these two things this one is a Slee
and this one is eye brow and this one is
a lasting true way I felt pencil from K
palette and it pumps in a pencil and
powder forms but I only use the pencil
part of it so the first thing I do is I
take my spoolie and I just brushed my
eyebrow hairs out
then I take my eyebrow pencil then I do
a lot of light strokes on my eyebrow
because I still wanted to look natural
the ones I was outlined and filled as my
Braille with my eyebrow pencil I like to
take my spoolie and just blend them all
together
so I'm done with this eyebrow and I'm
going to do the other side remember you
guys with eyebrows it doesn't have to be
exactly symmetrical
now it's time to do my eyeshadow so I'd
like to use this eyeshadow palette from
NYX it's called love in Paris this is my
most used I shadow palette able to use a
three different brushes support my eyes
I also used a three different brushes
for my eyes I use this one to just apply
the eyeshadow then I use this one to
apply the eyeshadow on my crease and I
use this one to blend it all together I
take this color the white color and I
like to put it on the lid of my eye
so next time I take this brown color and
I put it on the crease of my eyes
then I take this darker color to add
more depth with the crease of my eyes
well then I take my blood English to
just blend everything together
after blending ahead I like to take
these three colors two and three and
then I just lightly put it on the crease
of my eye to define it and then I put it
under my eyes
to finish off the eyes I just like to
take my sponge and just clean up the
edges
now it's time to curl my lashes so I
like using this eyelash curler from
mashido for mascara I like to use this
one from Maybelline it's called the
Maybelline Lord long-lasting extremists
to Leto master
so I searched putting mascara on my top
lessons and my bottom lashes however to
do that sometimes it's worth it I mean
look at how it really opens up the eyes
so next time I'm going to be doing my
blush and contouring so I like using
this palette from ELF
it is a contouring and blush and bronzer
so this is how inside looks like
obviously a mindless cute palette with
the lashes on Don's gone and this is the
bronzer size and I like using this brush
from forever 21 so first I take the lush
and I just put it all the apples of my
cheeks
now it's time to contour
now I'm just going to run my fluffy
brush all over my face just to make sure
that the below the contour are all
blended together now it's time to
highlight my face
so for highlight I like using my fan
brush and my capture nice I shadows this
is what it looks like
I know it's eye shadow but it's just the
perfect color for highlight for me so
just take a bit of product
that was time for lipstick for lipstick
I like using it this one from Asti
l√≠deres if in she'd one one is lost a
root so it has some nice natural Brown
both pinkish colors just why I'd like it
so much
to set everything in place I'm going to
spray my thermal spring water all over
my face so this is the full thermal of
the in thermal spring water and this is
the finished look I hope you guys like
this tutorial I know it looked like it
took me forever to create this look but
the more you do it the more you get used
to it and the faster you can come up
with this natural-looking everyday look
that's the for this video thank you for
liking commenting and subscribing I hope
I see you guys next time
I
