Konica infest against my so whole garden
event is being held after the vanilla
house and I have to say it's cool
beautiful every single room it's so
breathtaking and I can't wait to show
you guys
I just got to the whole garden and plant
into the garden that will release it
cause you know that's just baby double
behave
spreading on my flower and they're
laughing interview yes that I did say to
be going to lock that once because it
definitely harder than it looks already
who are you if you know even hardest to
take this back degrees wonderful
exercise
high surf is also the floor yes amazing
it's a girl I'm leaving her home
just kidding I'm not moving it
behind my back this is what I ended up
making I'm so proud cuz I snapped at
myself Wow
here was my office sorry for today thank
you the other than mush I've been using
Mac's this whole time and it's ten
Michigan I know they're going to open up
a fish I am counting down organized so
hungry bottle
through the window grab we're trying to
figure out how to hold the bottles of
beer the beer
just got no biggest batch of beer okay
it's bigger than IQ I've gone better to
fix it and I can't finish this big round
for bogarting me out a good provider
kissing festivities and since this is a
summer party
I hired a t30 coughing : mission
accomplished you guys I know I listed
the largest one I can we managed to get
out of the event with much
