hey guys a wet stop is adding here
welcome back to my channel so today I'm
going to be doing part two of my X shop
haul video if you guys want to see all
the clothes shoes and bags that I got
some extra feel for you to check out my
first video but if you want to see all
of the beauty and all of the decor and
all of the furniture stuff I thought
just stick around in this video Justin
you guys know this is one of my best
hauls ever I just I bought so much and
the price doesn't even make sense to me
extra is so amazing that I got so much
stuff I can't wait to show you guys so
let's get started I got this beautiful
lab with a silver base and said and in
the lab seal is made out of glass and
wanted to turn on its this looks really
beautiful because the light follows the
pattern of this glass slab shape I asked
you got this because I thought it would
match the other pieces in my room like
this glass thing here I really like this
lab but I can't wait to find out ways
for it here in my room the middle out
cause to keep up so I have this
tic-tac-toe set UN contemplate that
that's alright it's the X and the own
bag anyway and then you just have to
form a line so I cross this because well
I actually just wanted protect for but I
realize is such a fun game to play
because it's actually shot glasses this
one cost music Japan I also got this
this whole time I thought that it was
just a flower with a wave but it's
actually a fragrance thing there's a
string attached to the flower so you put
the fragrance inside the base and then
you put the string of the flower and
then the flower will emit the smell is
what I mainly got it because it is so
beautiful let me show you guys this is
the first cycle
so much faster oh this is how the flower
looks like I really like it is so
beautiful and this is the string that
you attach to the flower and this is the
one you put inside the base I did just
buy this though for decorative purpose I
got this whole set for 25 next up we
have a few of fake flowers over here I
am put a family flake flower I am such a
fan of fake flowers I think it's because
it's so easy to manage
you just have to wash it every now and
then and it will be pretty forever so I
have two different bouquets if it is a
hydrangea and these are this is just a
variety of flowers and I think you
putting them together because they're
just all white so I'm going to find a
pot for these these actually they gave
it to me for free because I just bought
some good stuff and they were like we
should just give the silver as a free
like a shoebox so much now on to the
beauty stuff I got so I found these two
these are from philosophy and they are
shampoo shower gel and bubble bath so
it's basically all you need for a bath
this is raspberry sorbet and send your
new summer girls not conditioners oh
really if you guys are worried that
these are use they're not oh they can
even a box and everything I wouldn't buy
it if it didn't look like it smells
super good I wonder if it really smells
like a raspberry
it smells like a raspberry how about
this one oh my gosh that smells like a
margarita these products from philosophy
actually cost 50 cents each so the other
they are wonderful
I also found I also found this one it is
a bath and body Naturals exfoliating
body polish and it is also vitamin
enriched as you guys can see it is super
sealed it's so the sort of packaging
I haven't removed the plastic yet this
one is also on a 50 peso
next up is this eye makeup remover it
tenable expectancy is so sealed so I'm
sure it's so icky this one just cost 20
pesos I make a professor
oh it's distributed by San Miguel
corpses notice I also have to spray
bottles of dry shampoo okay dry shampoo
is something I've always always wanted
to try but I just never got around to
doing it and when I found that these
amino acid natural pure annual dry
shampoos I just thought that the time to
do it I asked you to try that the whites
they're not filled any more perfect try
using it I honestly don't know how to
use it I don't think I've figured it out
yet but I will
and these were actually ten pesos each
so I spent 20 sentences if you guys know
how to use a dry shampoo just let me
know in the comments below because I
would really love to know how to use
these probably or maybe I am using a
softly it's just not for my hair type
you know you know how I have tons of
body wash exfoliating stuff I also got a
loofah but this is different because
it's shaped like a flower and it's a
white flower so when I saw it and I go
gee I think this is the loofah meant for
me I don't even use rubriz but I would
use this one just because it's so
beautiful and it's like it's so this one
just cause to 5 schedule so I also found
this Maxim's nail care kit Oh cute so it
has a nail file on nail buffer a nail
collector everything you need to do your
nails is here and this one they offer a
specific resources one of my favorite
clients is this eyeshadow palette it's
called nude truths a nude eyeshadow
palette called nude tude and it's from
the balm cosmetics the bomb so this is
also brand-new I just opened it to check
if there was stuff inside and I'll show
you guys how it
look at that guy beautiful look at all
of this colors
they actually position the pallet on top
of the ragged parts of government body
is open when I finish my NYX palette
I'm going to use this eyeshadow palette
called
15m the next time I'd like this jar it
so came in a box is called a dumpy glass
jar here it is this is how the jar looks
like I actually bought this for my room
so that I could keep gummy bears on my
shelves and if saved in a job and I
wanted a clear jar so that I could see
how much gummy bears I have left so this
jar just cost me 25 next up we have this
thing from Gordo's so this is a cheese
and wine set basically this is all you
need to have like a cheese and wine
party so it's a wooden thing and a glass
thing and you can actually open the
glass and this is everything you need
for wine this is the court this is the
wine opener this is the one you used to
air out the wine and this place what is
this for
I'm really not sure but I'm sure we use
that for wine you use this part with the
cheese
so this keys of a wine that actually
causes to 100 pesos until a crisis or a
crock but I think considering at the
Grand View and it's from Gorgos I think
the price is pretty good I also bought
these jewelry organizers assistants
these are the stuff you can just insert
into your drawers and then still just
organize everything so I got a great one
I think this one's your watches
bracelets stuff like that and then I
have a 3 overuses I time so much but
these are like 4 rings earrings little
necklaces I'm going to be organizing my
jewelry right after this so these
actually cost me 20 pesos each so all in
all this is taking pictures I also got a
bunch of
what are these Arby's watch boxes
tribute old I'm not quite sure what the
leave for but I got them because they're
really beautiful and I think since
they're all matching that they would
look good somewhere in my room so it
will see the inside
yeah I think this is for watching this
one look you despicable that's what the
inside looks like oh it even s B so it's
these are for watchin Trisha I like this
one this is my favorite can you open
them
oh my gosh why can't I open it Otis I
opened it these are MC for watches also
I wish I won't that mention these watch
organizers just cost me 100 so it's
basically if you Veronica I got a bunch
of decorative stuff too like this one I
think it's the perfect size to put on
top of our table what this cost me ten
vessels
next up I brought a bunch of frames here
they are got a bunch of frames this one
is my favorite it's rose gold where
beautiful this one's basic black premium
this one also it's Louise I actually got
four ten ten bucks each I'm gonna use it
to make my room better my favorite find
from this haul is this I skip to I dunno
if you guys know what this is but it
makes me a speaker and I have to be
already tested it and it works I just
don't know where to put it yet that's
why snow in the box
it's so beautiful
and of course this white as you guys can
see is super brand new it's almost a
plastic on it so this is version for the
pond and this is the speaker so this one
actually costs 150 pesos another thing I
got is this how are you guys gonna do
this there it is another thing I got is
with white Ottomans
I bought the Ottomans for 40 pesos I
actually have two of these I had it
reupholstered for about
think it's 600 Tesla's to get to the
upholstery another thing I got is this
beautiful white Christmas tree exercises
I've got it and the Christmas tree just
costs me 500 pesos this one is really
cheap especially since so beautiful okay
and another thing that I got which is
probably my favorite piece of furniture
right now welter tool because it
prepared I got I got a pair of really
really cute mouse chairs and I got it
for 500 each a bit pricey too but I
think for a leather lounge chair that's
the best feels I just love them they're
so comfortable they're so beautiful
and unfortunately they came in red so I
just got them reupholstered for about
1500 I think that's how much is possible
to have a feel for it that's it for this
haul video I hope you guys enjoyed thank
you guys so so much for watching
you
