hey guys I am spending the weekend in
the lair so I'm going to be checking out
all the awesome food event they have to
offer starting off this couch up with
the good this burger looks old
this cheese in the pan tomatoes and
onion soup this burger is so good it's
not you get think in the world to eat
shuttle but they still run the cheese
inside the fabulous personality and it
is a microphone I don't know why I said
my thought of what a face like in a
burka is amazing but and 150 members I
think my french fries have arrived
they're so good sergeant's ordered
burgers from this good food and now I'm
getting a man boo boo boo shake from
Jenna's position
this is so good research so fresh here
now I'm at diamonds big shop for some
dessert I've never been here before so
I'm super excited to try out as much as
I can
so I got a little collection very high
altar and I got blueberry cake this is
the dulce de leche
so good taste like fluffy and creamy
caramel the third effect is so good is
your education so good after you like it
even better than the dulce de leche the
very district system but it's not for
really sleep not a really good flavor
and for you guys I Drive an ATV cupcake
six plates and dozens of different
colors so I'm super excited to try them
let's try a little volleyball without a
limb movement I've thought about it that
is so I'm not even a fan of belief until
this is amazing the stick of cream
cheese frosting on top and the
communities are all over the cupcakes
it's so good you guys that's an
experience
a must-try now we're having breakfast is
Esther possible air this is the
breakfast of cameras are rules so I'm
having sampled eggs with the rosemary
focaccia bread and threw it and too much
gluten we're adding 51 and it comes with
a side of peanut butter and coconut jam
basically just mix and match everything
yeah I would agree how this reference is
you just mix and match everything
however you like I really like it
a superfund he tried a focaccia bread
with coconut jam and you add some form
of food
oh it's fun it's like a fun creative
breakfast
I'm back at the good food and I also got
another shake from daniel booko Barbra
Jean
insolent vocal melody yeah it's really
really wish you guys like everything I
get from this place with children so
that's why I wanted to see my last move
here in LA where I ordered a burrito
please Kapadia and fish tacos super
excited to try all of these I really
tried to order something you so that I
could try at first I can from the men
this burrito is so good it has right the
last 11 salsa and delivery of the whole
good life I loved it from the first
number I don't know a subscriber but
Wikipedia is super guy it has a good
balance of nice and melted cheese and
the bread thing is crunch smelly and
receive you well and the balance of the
cheese with the vegetables of this
historical as the really good delicious
corporate perfectly and it has a nice
handle but also ok fighting a lot so an
Italian philosopher very quiet I like
this also
next up I'm heading on over to Charlie
does for some visitors
so I'm going to try a banana hi
Wow second banana three banana ice cream
sugar together is total me and so ever
and even if the drugs from the crumble
so ready for the grave and
you
