I am back with another haul video but
this time is from a new guy who I am a
Nona
hey guys what's up is a do more here and
I just want to welcome you to my channel
there today I'm going to be doing a haul
video for you guys because I just bought
that from the book quite quite an
unknown us and I am super excited to
show you guys everything I got
I found tons of amazing stuff and at
really really low prices it was like
that one quite require was on sale if
that even happened so let's start the
home this is the first thing I got it is
a pajama top I been wanting something
like this for a while now but I found
the ones in the market to be too
expensive for something you're just
going to sleep in so when I found this
is a book I thank you drag that there's
a brand the brand is DS and I've never
heard of that brand but I really really
love the color of theirs I love that
there's a collar and the nice clear
bosom I got this beautiful silk pajama
top for just 20 pesos
the sizes not at all do this on purpose
but I just got tons of tons of pairs of
pants like different types - trousers -
little wide legged ones I think I've in
a passage right now I have six
princesses all right so let's start with
this hair this one right here is a
silver pair of pants but it's not full
length is a breach report
I love that it's the high waist size of
pants and all the way in the bottom
there's this cute little slit here
I bought these grey pants for picking
bubbles
next up is this pair of black wide
legged pants it's highly and it features
of floor the bottom of this is nice and
wide plus it's good enough to wear to
work and I think that's mainly why I
liked there so this one I got 4:15
pepper next up I have this beautiful
pair of dark blue pants PMS the other
ones a while ago is high-waist
and if they just looks more but it's
equal wide at the bottom which I really
love it has a very nice corporate feel
to it which i didi light and I like the
feel of the fabric if you stand strong
so I got this pair of pants for 25
people
next up I have another pair of gray
pants but this time it's long under to
just explore no I just like the material
is so different look at that I love how
it is really thin and it's super
slimming so I got this pair for 25
months next job it is actually one of my
favorites this is their life grey
trousers and I really love the detailing
if you look closely it has stripes
entails
this one fits me like a glove I don't
know how that happened
there are pockets here and I love the
car event it just becomes smaller
exclusive the program and I think that
social flattering cut especially when it
comes to this one I got four sixteen
petals and next stop I have this black
pair of pants
it's high-waisted and it has pasta it's
actually not floor-length it's kind of
like smooth but not as white so I really
like this the material feels really long
and it also feels like it's really light
to wear so this is always good
especially if you live in a country like
the Philippines so I got this one for 20
seconds that's it for all the caps now
let's go on to the top oh I love this
one I got this beautiful white top if
you look closely you will see the
detailing on the shirt textured and the
designers embossed on it dry but not
straight steps it kind of reminds me of
flowers actually located and if you look
at the bottom you'll see that it has a
high-low effects with which I am
ascribed and long back this beautiful
white top actually cost 33 points 36
expenses and that's because it's part of
a biosphere for 100 Pro moly we're doing
so this is the first thing I got the
next thing I got for three for 100 is
this beautiful jacket if that you guys I
love the color blue it's a highfalutin
pastel throughout really archer but it's
just such a beautiful color and look at
habari explain silk and a raincoat and
got married and the baby the quiet water
food and at the same time very smooth I
feel like this jacket and I can't wait
to wear it a rainy season and of course
to work I think that's something I can
work with so the last thing I got is
basic black dress I mean I know I own a
lot of basic black dress that after all
of us do but the thing that made this
super different was the detailing on it
it's scalloped trim every Edge has
scalloped trim from the bottom
everything is just galloped trim I am
such a fan of you saying I am just out
of plastic styles but they just add a
few details and it makes more modern
more interesting and more unique so this
is part of the sefer 100 as well so I
got this is the last dress this blue
jacket and this white top
also just seen for 100 XS for good deal
especially since these are actually
worth good for me next up I have this
beautiful top okay I think this is a bit
in the top it's actually a sleeveless
blazer if you look at the bottom it has
a higher low cut to it so in the front
that's high and in the back low and when
I wore it it was just it was so
beautiful you guys the thing though that
I don't like about it is the white
detailing on
we're definitely going to remove this
and also look at the button right here I
don't like how the white looks against
this so I'm going to change these as a
lock button I got this key adjust if
it's a bit more expensive than all the
other stuff I got but I think it's
totally worth it
the best thing I got is actually the
most expensive thing as well I got this
beautiful white fur coat is so beautiful
I love touching it I can touch it
you know how I always love brightness
for I have averaged everything for in my
room and then I realized I don't have a
fur coat when I saw this hanging there I
literally ran messy clear around or is
it and then I just got it and even
though I didn't expect to spend them so
much on this one piece I think it's
totally worth it I paid 80 pesos rivets
so firmly about a lot especially since
everything I bought was like 15 pesos 20
percent 20 percent but I think that this
is totally worth it and look at how
beautiful this jacket is I can't wait to
find a waiver I converted that's
everything I got from this star I hope
you guys liked it if you did don't
forget to like this video comment down
below if W what you like to process
video and if you haven't yet seriously
you can subscribe to my channel by
clicking the subscribe button down here
successful for this video thank you guys
so much for watching I'll see you guys
next time
hi
