hey guys welcome to another episode of
that's sooo cool okay I don't know what
you guys are doing this is my channel
I'm sir on my finger to know what I love
the face let me just what business we
sort of need to know there is one hour
we don't notice amar I don't even know
how you would think that these will be
yours you even know what these are
that's it so clearly it's a it's a desk
attraction and these are like more
stylish marketing okay I mean before we
cut everything hey guys welcome back to
my channel my name is a do-more yes I am
the rightful owner of this channel and
they run a very special episode because
I am special guest with me today and
being all are hey this is matt and Mauer
off from the Dooku you can check out the
channel I want to link it down below and
let's get started so today I wanted to
do a little variation on the old
boyfriend does my makeup challenge I
figured why and leave it's one guy to do
this I mean it's so much better if you
get your boy friend to do this yeah that
if he is two guys are better than one i
have here all of my makeup stuff so what
they're going to do is they're going to
try to put makeup on my face yeah so
right now I just have my mom because
yeah I made up tonight but everything
else is completely black so freely up
for them to see make you pretty so let
us see how we do yeah I don't we go
online right now why would I tell you
what these are a blogger oh yeah okay
you gotta figure out what you headed to
that girl it is a girl's I'd
it is a nice where's the boyfriend why
don't you guys do makeup on me that you
like the unfilled okay morrow the zoo is
time to pick a kicker Lee particularly
scientific you can leave but we have to
determine first what these are pick up
water oh yeah hear anything ok ah this
is lipstick this is lipstick t-shirt but
if you're not is it what are these like
natto quickly things are lipstick okay I
know this I've seen this I've watched it
in action these are for the eyebrows
nope the eye lash eyelash nice shadow
primer potion oh my god is a potion you
put this you put on your finger you know
what okay you don't have to turn with
ie7 are you we gotta set you up girl
okay now you gotta wipe off that excess
with this bunch I think it's called the
X 1 X function if I feel like we need a
brush my issue with all these brushes is
that you never know what size is to you
how is this different from this this
one's bigger and it's User little spider
and smaller let us go at it by Peter
have you got being away together this is
morphine this is more blend Wow and a
little brown boy so you're telling
you're doing I free I guess that the
wrong thing to do so foundation
salvation okay we got signed up a bit
regrouping not a second you got a tab
just have this foundation of the fake I
got your drill I got you get get on the
team understand he's on the seeds over
50 zone hey you guys know but you gotta
make a piece circular motion ticular
motion
that's okay absolutely beautiful
foundation I feel like the primers yeah
I think we should have done this crucial
Oh what the face primer is a versatile
lightweight formula that can be worn
either a loner on their Munder your mate
hope you know what race but changing
things up a bit okay we don't need does
not need that this one I always need it
but this this is a list of houses ooh
this is for enough contouring that she's
lingerie contour what you gotta make a
cheap bull let me pop out there's not
expect another time what are you free to
their man don't get to put it every year
no these are put in the cheapest
switching point Chico ginger ok so now
you're putting the thing you think it's
the dirt out here all we are in my face
ok next round something called
contouring and gone tomorrow you gotta
have me which one wait this is a clue if
it's you gotta go with it yeah I
remember this is a different night out I
don't you know this is also running oh
how i would do it tomorrow it's a good
like that yeah pretty good that's pretty
good oh oh the chick your papa I feel
like what we've achieved is to make the
cheap unevenly rib hahaha oh yeah how
come none yeah we're on next we got do
that I now we're using the best
inception there's a 1980s story / the
face reason goodbye the King the king
just the king yes if I'm in the right
region 300
really my lass of now no not yet see yo
this is a deco olive also eyebrow pencil
this also an eyebrow pencil okay so at
the same time is similar but you make
yourself my place only so I'm getting on
even eyebrows basic you make this there
are the highlighter what are you put you
high right cheek lips and eyes were
glowing effect stop it oh I ought to
know it look like right now okay okay so
it's my job to make it one with the skin
your blended it looks like oh yeah
really we go with ya if you don't want
to really join them what happens before
the eyelashes okay yeah I'm not gonna do
that oh this is the technique grill curl
and twirl no I think you should do it my
other time and now you being a fan what
color do you know by the way I don't
know look at the father but every time
you
this is a high-fashion i hear ya okay so
pro tip here when you use something
called banana powder it's the shape with
you want / banana all over here and in
Detroit I feel like we should have done
something with like under the eyes you
get to add to that don't worry oh those
do what is the right thing pick up a
little bit cuz it's a blush the thing I
really did make a real makeup tutorial
it looks good looks good you gotta use
the normal things very right here and
the girls oh okay I got this it was our
first time what I wonder tomi yes look I
gotta go pee I found it next you can do
that that's liquid thing so you're
putting little take and then I'm not in
lipstick on top now we got some liquor
what my to use a favor okay I guess it
got mighty criminal vacation we made a
mistake with Romanians I made a mistake
so I'm going to emitter face there we
use made a boo-boo with uh with the
liquid mr. it's hard just one thing that
we learned today is that putting makeup
is no joke so how would you make this is
the final look look at you know what it
sounds like a close-up on my face so let
us check out the damage okay so this is
the makeup look they did I guess you
guys don't make the challenge any better
this is kind of terrible
there is a lesson to be learned here if
you don't want to look like this so
let's guys do anything well I'm glad you
guys had fun so I hope you guys like
this video check out the channel driven
the car so much more than that they do
things they after you know how to do on
this channel suggest lesson to learn
here is depend on you know let me know
if you want me to do other challenges
ligament if you wanted to come back tell
me the type of video you want to do if
you want to see how you do something an
hour to which is play board games yeah
yeah you can check out our video on that
click the link to see our video yeah and
that's it for this video cigarette so
much for liking commenting and
subscribing ok so i hope you guys like
them and I listen you next time ok bye
