hey guys what's up it's Eddie here
welcome back to my channel if you've
never been here before then just click
the subscribe button so you will be
updated on all my future videos I don't
know if you guys noticed but I am
rocking and Edgar look today so let me
know what you guys think about it
so today I decided to do another
Divisoria haul video because you guys
seem to love all of my deSario haul
videos so yeah I've decided to do
another one especially for you guys so
yeah I hope you guys like it with all of
my dysphoria haul videos I always get
tons and lots of questions about where
exactly I got a certain item so for this
video I'm doing something completely
different
well not really completely different but
for this video I'm going to give you
guys the mall and the exact stall that I
got the thing from so yeah if you guys
want to go out and get it you know
exactly where to get it I have tons of
stuff to show you guys so yeah let's get
started first up is this box now I'm
just kidding there's something in this
box
ah govision is no I'm just kidding as to
show you guys so I found these gorgeous
glittery sneakers look at that you guys
isn't it super cute they look kind of
familiar right that's because they are
not off of the Cape Spain and heads
collaboration basically it's just this
nice pink glittery sneaker when I first
heard that Kate Spade was going to cool
that with kids I was super excited and
when I saw the product I wanted to go
out and buy it but it was just too
expensive the real version of this costs
3000 pesos and this one I just got for
300 pesos
I'm not even a sneakers obsessed person
um I usually go for heels or flats but
this one horses too gorgeous to pass up
so yeah I got one of these next up I
have this backpack so I realize that
aside for me to get my
and backpacks so of course I went for a
basic black color so I can wear with so
many things and I just love the material
let's just look so good right I don't
know what it looks like a raincoat I
don't know I just like it I love this
signature thing in gold and this is
basically I don't know the handle kind
of weird right look at that handle but
yeah I think the rest of the bag makes
up for the handle since this is such a
simple bag it's so easy to pair with
anything and then everything else like
the zipper and the buckles are in gold
and we all know how much I love gold and
I like it it's not too big it's not too
small so I am very excited to use it on
my next adventure so this bag just cost
me 200 pesos I think that is such a good
deal for some thing that looks super
good next up I have these gorgeous hat
yes I got three colors because you get a
discount okay so I bought you gorgeous a
floppy hat check it out I have one in
black super matches my outfit right now
but yes I got this a floppy hat in black
nude and maroon okay these hats
actually cost 180 each but since I got
three I will be able to haggle and bring
it down to 150 each so all in all this
works
for the fifth year pro this gorgeous
floppy hat next up we have this
cardboard no I'm just kidding oh that
I'll be the packaging for this choker I
have right here now let me just show you
guys really quick so this is the choker
I didn't go for the one that looks like
a ribbon I wanted something a bit
different so I got this one it has a key
looks like it has a nice lace detailing
on it and it's also stretchy it's very
stretchy so this can fit a lot of people
and I don't know I kind of like it I've
been experimenting with my style and
this I seem to like this a lot this
choker cost me 20 type of so I'm just
going to put it back now look at that
you guys would you guys think
now on to the super girly things I got
of course I felt by a makeup store and I
got a box of lashes so check it out just
look at those alasa so I went for the
natural looking lashes because that's
just the look I like doing this box has
10 pairs and I bought it for 80 pesos I
also got all of these brushes ok let's
go through them one by one
I bought this eye shadow brush because
I'm trying to minimize all of the
brushes I bring when I travel so I think
this one is a really good investment to
use this brush to apply the eyeshadow
and then use this brush to blend it all
together so it's basically a two and one
I shadow brush I got this one for 50
passes next up I have this highlighter
brush it's not what it's called yes I
have this fan brush okay I usually apply
my highlighter with my finger and I
decided I should stop doing that so I
bought this brush for just fifty pencil
yes this brush that's just expensive I
also got a bigger fan brush honestly not
even sure why I got this I think I was
just attracted to it for some reason I
don't know I feel really good not quite
sure what it's for yet though but I will
figure this Alex if you guys know what I
can have to me use this for just let me
know in the comment box below that would
be super helpful um I got this beautiful
brush for one hundred pesos the next
thing I got was this brush for kind of
looks like a Big Damn brush um I see a
lot of youtubers use this so I got a
little curious as to why they love this
so much
sorry I got one for myself and I can't
wait to try it out I'm not really sure
what it's called I really love how it
feels and nice and firm against my skin
I'm super excited to test this I got
this one for 80 buses the last thing I
got is kind of weird um it's more of an
impulse buy but I don't know I think
it's this new thing going around so I
wanted to try it and do a little review
for you guys is this the jelly thing
look at that you guys it's Jenny
silicone I'm
not sure but it's the jelly thing that
they claim is the best thing to use for
foundation so I'm going to try this out
and I'm going to do a little review for
you guys I bought a jelly the jelly
foundation application thing for 80
pesos not so bad just so funny how I
bought this so I could review it for you
guys and I want a little bit curious
yeah I'm going to do a review for you
guys so yeah let's see how that goes
another thing I got are these fake
flowers they're actually hydrangeas and
in white I bet I've been looking for
really good fake hydrangeas for a while
now and I was super happy that I finally
found it in the vitorio of all places
check it out it actually even looks
really good especially when you put them
together and they just look like this
nice tall bouquet this one costs 150
each again
one this is one it's a lot but I of
course saved the best thing for last and
my last service for your haul video
there is just one item that everyone
just went crazy over and everyone's just
asking me where exactly did I buy it and
you know what like all the people so bad
that I couldn't help you guys and give
you the exact stroll so I hunted it down
again and I found it you guys
it's the gorilla pod I got this
gorillapod for just two hundred pesos
and it is amazing you guys you can bend
it however you want this is my part of
mini tripod I have ever bought and it's
just so surprising how I just found it
for 200 pesos in Divisoria and now I
also have the exact cell number so you
guys don't have to worry I'm going to
put the phone number somewhere here
that's not what I love you guys I
actually look for the exact same item
that I got so that I could tell you guys
the exact cell number so yeah if you
guys want to go out and buy it you now
know exactly where to get it and that's
it for everything I just got from
Divisoria if you guys like this video
just give it a thumbs up you can also
check out my other difference Aria
videos because I actually go to
Divisoria
a lot
and I get so many different things just
check them out
I will lick them all in the description
box below if you guys have any comments
about this haul or if you have any
suggestions for my future videos just
let me know in the comment box below if
you guys want to be updated with
everything I come up with just click the
subscribe button there's also a little
Bell logo somewhere around here so you
can also click on that if you want to be
even more updated on all of my videos
thank you so much for watching I wish
you guys next time
