hey guys what's up its addy here welcome
to my channel so today I've decided to
give you guys a little tutorial three
different ways on how to get metallic
lips just like this this one is my
favorite look so if you guys want to
know how to get this look just watch the
rest of the video metallic lips is a
great way to update any look so you can
just do whatever you want to the rest of
your face but to make it more festive or
to make it more holiday like I thought
that doing metallic lips would be a
really good idea to the first way which
is also the easiest way to come up with
metallic lips is to use cream lipstick
and eyeshadow so for this demo I'm going
to use this beautiful shade of cream
lipstick from Mac it's part of i'm not
sure what che this is but it's part of
the lady gaga collection and i'm going
to use that with this orange shade from
my forever 21 eyeshadow palette so the
first thing you need to do is to put on
lipstick like how you normally put on
lipstick so now i'm gonna use my finger
to add the metallic eyeshadow to my lip
so just add as much as you can to your
finger and then just Pat it on so I just
finished my bottom lip so as you can see
there's a big difference between just
using lipstick and then adding a shadow
on top of the lipstick so I'm gonna do
the top lip now this is the finished
look just check out my metallic lips
so you can do whatever combination of
lipstick and eyeshadow you want you can
even use highlighter there are just so
many ways to come up with this look so
the second way to come up with metallic
lips as you use cream lipstick and
glitter this is not just any glitter
it's from wet and wild so it's meant to
be used as makeup so don't us get random
glitter from like national bookstore or
something I don't think that's very safe
I'm going to use this shade of cream
lipstick from Mac along with this wet
and wild mega sparkle glitter thing I
picked these two because they're very
similar in color to the first step of
sad lipstick now I'm going to take the
glitter and just put a bit on the cap
then I'll just use my finger to put it
on my lips
this is the finished look so just check
it out its way were you literally then
the first one but I don't know I kind of
like it it's cute so the third way you
can come up with metallic lips is to use
clear lip gloss with powder so you can
use whatever powder you want but of
course it has to be metallic powder so
this is metallic powder from Caroline
you can also use these little beads and
then just crush it up so this one's from
forever 21 you can also use bronzer like
this one I have from ever B'Elanna you
also need a mixing tray so this was just
the cover of my forever 21 thing and a
brush for today I'm gonna be using the
ever B'Elanna bronzer and I'm mixing it
with my pout lip gloss so the first
thing I'm gonna do is I'm going to put
the bronzing powder on the tray so this
was pretty easy you just click this
button on top and then they're a bunch
of powder just goes down yeah you know
what let's add more there we go then you
take your clear lip gloss and just put
it put a bunch so it's gonna end up
looking like this and then you get your
brush and then you just mix them
together when you're done mixing that
it's going to end up looking like liquid
gold yeah so that's the consistency
you're looking for and then you're just
gonna apply it to your lips
this is the finished look it's actually
my favorite one but I'm not sure if I
can eat with these lips let's go I don't
know in how those pictures you see
online with people's lips and it's
dripping with metallic liquid or
something I think it's called liquid
licks I think it's called liquid lips or
something like that anyway you can do
that by just adding more product to your
lip I'll show you so just keep adding it
and then it's eventually going to drip
on its own see that this one's gonna
drip soon there you go and that's it for
this video thank you guys so much for
watching if you liked this metallic lip
tutorial just give it a thumbs up if you
have any questions comments or
suggestions just leave it in the comment
box below if you want to be updated on
all the other awesome stuff I do just
click the subscribe button and if you
want to connect with me or talk to me in
a place other than YouTube you can do
that by following me on Instagram on
Facebook and by checking out my blog I
hope I inspired you guys to come up with
different makeup looks for the holidays
doing a metallic lip is one of the
simplest ways I can think of to
transform any look from and everyday
look to a holiday look that's it for
this video thank you guys so much for
watching I'll see you guys next time bye
