hello my lovelies that's addy here
welcome back to my channel so today I've
decided to do a I don't know hello my
lovelies that's addy here welcome back
to my channel said today I'm gonna be
showing you guys all of the Christmas
gifts that I just got I know you guys
love a haul video so I thought this
would kind of be like a haul video
except I didn't spend anything so I
thought that would be a great idea so
this is a no way me bragging that I have
all of these cool stuff I tell you when
you like sharing with you guys
random stuff and this is one of them
before we get into the video don't
forget to subscribe to my channel and to
click that notification bell so you can
be notified every time I put out a new
video so if you guys want to see all of
this stuff I got for Christmas just keep
on watching the first thing I got is
this beautiful white bag from Sicily I
really really love the color and this
golden white design right here it's a
fee really my aesthetic so I really
appreciate it and I can't wait to use
this it feels so good it's like soft
leather yeah that was so it feels like
soft leather next up I have this cute
native looking pouch and inside ooh
lipstick I love lipstick weird if I it
is a lip nourishing lipstick it is in
the creamy matte finish lately I've been
super loving matte finish so I think I'm
gonna like this so this one is in the
shade woman wow that's the shade I
typically don't go for a more dark vampy
shades but I'm open to trying it I think
that would be such an interesting thing
to play around with so I'm excited to
use this I also got this perfume from
mini so it is the fresh fruity fragrance
called
flip I actually really love perfume
bottle who's not even the perfume itself
but I would buy perfume if the bottles
look really good I don't know I'm just
that person I think this looks really
good it's a nice clear bottle with a
crystal looking heart on
top and I think it's so beautiful but
you know this is perfume I should smell
it wow that smells good it smells really
fresh and girly and sweet but not
overpowering so I think I can wear this
as an everyday perfume the next thing I
got is this selfie alive ring I've
actually been thinking of getting myself
in this light ring but I never got
around to doing it so I think it's a
great that my friends know me enough to
give this to me so there's a battery in
this but I'm sure it worked so I just
get my phone and put it right here and I
have a light forever I think this is a
great gift especially to me because I
love taking selfies I don't that start
you post them but I take them if I also
have the miracle glutathione enriched
with collagen soap I am assuming this is
so it lightens nourishes and rejuvenates
the skin
I really love trying out new skin
products so I'm very excited to try this
one out I also have the Lal brow powder
so this isn't oak number one I've never
tried lol makeup but this is how it
looks like it has a darker shade and a
lighter shade I'm not quite sure if this
would be my shade but you know what I
can't wait to try this out in an
upcoming video I also got this nature of
public real nature mask sheep in G of
butter so I actually really love putting
a facial masks on my face anything
actually mud masks facial masks you name
it I love putting it on my face I love
trying to make my skin better so I'm
probably gonna use this tonight but next
up I have a gift from the face shop
ooh this is cute I got the face shop
back kit there's perfume seed velvet
body milk and perfume seed capsule body
wash and it also comes with a loofah
Ashley love getting kick type gifts I
think it's so much better than just you
know one piece of a gift
makes sense the next gift I got is from
TWG I actually really liked ewg these
keys are so good especially their
vanilla for board this is break of also
have to be careful it's a tea cup and a
tea cup please saw what it's called
anyway so there it is it actually has no
handle but I think it's pretty cute like
this next up I have this cute little
blue very stuffed toy look that he's so
happy this is not just a pillow it is
also a blanket I think this is such a
perfect gift especially to people who
love travelling because who wouldn't
want a cute pillow that doubles as a
blankets and then you can just stuff
this right in there have this package
from beauty manila I actually got this
from one of those white elephant games
at one of my Christmas parties so I
really fought to get this gift and
you'll see why in a moment so I have a
bunch of face masks so they have
different flavors it's not liver so they
have different things
Alki very cucumber and snail feels kind
of weird I don't know what I feel about
the snail but I'm willing to try it you
know let's there's also herb de
cleansing cream fruit mix so this is
from the fish table last but not least a
leaf colors lip gloss and lipstick duo
this actually the best wing in that
package it's why I've fought for it so
hard these are different colored
lipsticks so there's a pink one a red
one and a dark pink one and all of them
have corresponding lip glosses on the
other side I think it's genius that
these are dual products so you don't
have to carry so many things with you
especially for everyday makeup this is
something I'm definitely gonna try the
next package is from skin-food
for my sister have the bitter green clay
smoothing mask
cool it's an anti dust and purifying
mask
I love clay or mud masks for some reason
I just feel like they really get in
there and come in your pores so I'm
super excited to try this plus it's from
skin-food so it's an all-natural type of
product and I think that's a great
there's something else in here bitter
green clay - foam anti dust and
purifying what is this exactly is this a
mask or a cleanser I have to figure this
out this one is made out of wheat sprout
kale celery broccoli and cabbage I feel
like I can actually eat these products
and I would barf you know my skin is
actually very sensitive so it's great
that my sister thought about that and
she got me something that's organic and
all now I'm super duper excited to try
these out I'm actually thinking of doing
a video on these masks let me know in
the comments down below if that's
something you'd like to see I also got
this hairbrush and comb set I think I
got this at the right time because I
recently decided that I'm gonna start
brushing my hair now so definitely gonna
use these I also got this beautiful what
is this called thermos is this fun no I
don't think it's called the service I've
a drink holder cup what this is for
coffee actually but I don't drink coffee
I super love the design it's so me it's
silver it's sparkly and I can't wait to
use this one for tea this is one of the
prettier gifts I got this is a Ted Baker
London set this packaging though it's so
extra this is perfume this one is the
matching nail polish let's smell this
wow that's most really good it's
actually a very flowery and mature scent
like I feel like this is for an older
woman that's the type of scent it is but
I don't know maybe I'll end up liking it
eventually when I get
no I'm also really loving this color it
gets a really good neutral color boo
candy so I got this really cute package
of jellybeans it is branded speckled so
it's speckled jellybeans actually really
like candy so oh my gosh I need this
this is a seven-way
nail buffer my nail buffer after you
just broke so this is perfect timing I
don't know who I this buffer has seven
steps my other buffer just has like four
steps but I guess my buff will be so
much better with seven steps I also got
some pouches oh this is cute so it's a
zebra printed pouch so there's a small
one and a big Earl I also got pouches
with my name on it as you guys can see
this gift is definitely from my mother
she's the only person I know who gives
personalized gifts like you now I have a
bunch of makeup these are all from LA
Colors pretty sure this is from my older
sister this one is the wet and wild
color icon glitter single there's not
really a specific use for this you can
put it anywhere you can put it in your
eyes you can put it on your lips get put
on your body I don't think there are
glues to this so I'm very excited to
experiment with this one the next thing
I have is this powder blush and brush
applicator oh that's really cute it's
actually great that the blush isn't
super pink and it's more of a muted pink
closer to a bronze type of color I also
have this six color eyeshadow palette so
looking at them closely they all look
like matte shades and I think that's
great
I think there's not enough matte shades
out there so it's great that I got an
entire palette of matte shades because I
have so many palettes that are purely
metallic shades and you can't really
build up a lot of the looks with that
the last one is this lip duo gloss stick
so I got more of these but this one's in
red I actually don't have the red color
so I think I have all possible shades
that I would need with this lip duo I
also got this American Tourister
passport holders
I think so many people know that I love
traveling so I'm not surprised I got a
lot of travel light and gift so this
one's cool I mean the most important
thing when you travel is your passport
so it's great to keep it in a bag or in
a container that's just waterproof and
actually burdens group if possible I
need to find a container like that I
also got this cute scarf look at that
prints I'm actually really into print
lately I don't know why I also got these
sleeping shorts so this is cute has
sunflowers this one I don't understand
the print but they're very soft so I
think they're gonna be super comfy I
also got this dress from nunu it's super
cute it's very sparkly but it also has
color blocking details going on I also
have these pictures and if you look
closely they're actually embossed with
floral design I also got the beats
silver leggings I'm really not sure
where I'm gonna use this but I guess it
looks I don't know I've never used shiny
metallic leggings I'm really not sure if
I'm gonna use this next up is this
underwear set from Uniqlo there's
actually three but for some reason I got
went out and put it somewhere I don't
know but that one was blue and this one
is striped and this one is not quite
sure but it's a cute little print I
really like getting underwear ass gift I
don't know why it's like a weird thing I
just like having a lot of underwear that
makes sense I don't know I'm so easy
freezy
these are actually from my brother so
the first thing he got me is this
beautiful Marvel notebook my brother
knows me he knows I'm obsessed with
marbles of this is the perfect gift for
me it feels so good and smooth and matte
finish and I don't even know if I'm
really gonna use this cuz there's
actually a notebook I love that there's
marble in the front and the back and
also at the ends of all the paper I mean
that's a pretty cute detail I don't cut
of this I think all marble notebooks
should
look like this another thing he got me
is this one it's actually really cute
it's a cute but practical gift it's an
office of playset
so there are notepads there are
thumbtacks there's pink glittery tape
right here and there's pink pencils and
a rose gold sharpener and a rainbow
eraser and also rose gold clamps and
clips so I think this is such a great
gift this is one of those things that I
never thought I wanted but when I saw it
I really loved it this is something I'm
super excited to put in my office I also
got this Samsonite yacht to it it's a
purple and green bag that I think you're
supposed to use when you go yachting I
think it's a waterproof bag time tonight
it's such a great brand especially for
travel bag the last gift I got is this
one it's a make life your bitch book
it's an adult coloring book this is such
an interesting gift oh it also comes
with stickers this is the first page
turn stress into success a motivational
and inspirational adult coloring book
that's a really cute concept this
coloring book is filled with different
life coats that you can just color this
is the art I think the art looks really
good life is about kicking ass not
kissing it work hard dream big this is
seriously an adult coloring book you
should not show this to children I think
this really is something that really
would relieve my stress but at the same
time motivate me that's everything I got
for Christmas thank you guys so so much
for watching and don't forget to Like
comment and subscribe to my channel I'll
see you guys on my next video
