ok
Oh
ha
so now I'm ready and I just finished
having lunch but after rush to go to my
group mate because we're gonna shoot a
video so I brought part of my dessert
with me so we were grouped into
different teams and then we're supposed
to make a music video so yeah let's see
how that goes so we're waiting for other
people to arrive and then we're playing
with her so this is what happens when
we're not doing anything and the
deadline of this video is four o'clock
yeah hi Paula he's one of the judges yes
he's gonna make me win so who's gonna
win don't worry I won't show the sad one
oh well I have my favorites okay baby so
I don't know if they're gonna win but I
have been up to ok where you can please
please I wasn't no it's not like it's me
so this matter
ok where the buff man listen
okay so basically everyone in this room
didn't win the planning stage think we
have three hours I started to shoot and
edit to our well we have two hours and
15 minutes this is totally possible so
I'm in position for my part in the music
video so we're all just standing here
waiting for the camera to come by yes
that's basically what I'm doing today
instead of sleeping I am super sleepy I
just want to sleep I just want to sleep
can you play the guitar with no eyes
well somebody can
me singing
Oh
oh I'm on your back a helipad clap this
is where we're gonna shoot the final
part of our video that's why we're on
the helipad fan hello so I'm hanging out
someone else's room I i were to the side
and my rooms on the second floor so I
just I can't even come to share my new
friend here with her other I hadn't
really liked it too yeah yeah so here
are all her roommates occupied our wives
come here Admiral chamber empty what hey
Chelsea so how's Pikachu you gotta sell
this ticket respect by making it friends
oh are you feeling what I made was wrong
don't talk to you who's pretty near you
no girl girl all the girls are crazy not
me not just me no you let girl yeah I'm
a girl so I'm pretty yeah so are you
pretty yeah because you're a girl or my
hands at the look for a guy is he pretty
tight there are some guys are handsome
yeah are you trying to label me with hey
guys what's up so I'm here with Lee she
has her own channel on youtube check it
out the channel of life go check lace
blog life how old are you oh and guess
what she edits your own videos what how
what how what what are you gonna do if
you win if I'm
and we can join my 7d who are you baking
mom or dad
hi
so they gave us jacket
yeah I don't really wear denim but I
think I have to wear this at some point
we all have a jacket look at that all of
us we're having dinner right now
oh this is Moira check out her channel
bye bye then I'd what I ended this I'll
probably find her on you I name it so
she knows who the winners are
and she goin if you know and I don't
know what you already pick the winners
no I just want to know one cuz I know
it's not me but I didn't send it
I love you so we're all of the finals of
the smart launchpad workshops so they're
going to announce the winners oh yeah
check out the speed
Oh
we're just waiting for the winners as
you can see
this is a good video it's good like the
top channel check my channel my channel
is love Peconic I'm just walking then I
do also make up I have a feeling you win
by the haha I like it
stay open
I just want to say thank you to every
single person who made this workshop
possible it was an amazing experience
thank you so much too smart for putting
together this entire event I learned so
much and it's just so great to be
surrounded by co-creators who share the
same passion as you share the same drive
as you it's just an overall amazing
experience and it's something I'm never
gonna forget and even though I didn't
win I got so much more than the price i
have so many new friends I have so many
people I can collab with I have a
subside I have a support system for my
youtube channel if it wasn't for this
workshop I probably wouldn't have even
started my channel there are so many
things that the workshop taught me that
I think would have taken me years to
figure out so I'm very grateful for that
I also appreciate every single person
who came along in this journey I'm just
really excited to check out how
everyone's doing and how everyone
progress I'm just very excited for the
future to all my new friends I can't
wait to hang out with you guys again and
to do a collab with you guys I'm just so
happy that this workshop brought us
together and I am very grateful for the
entire experience so congratulations to
all the winners and congratulations to
all the participants I think we're gonna
kick ass I mean combined we learned so
much from this workshop we got insider
tips this is so much we can do now so
let's just own it
