hey guys what's up it's Aggie here
welcome to my channel so today I've
decided to show you guys my favorite
pieces that I got from hookah acai
stores for those of you don't know okay
you guy is basically our version of
thrift stores so all of these are
secondhand and very cheap so brace
yourselves first thing I want to show
you guys just this gorgeous jacket I'm
so white I love the lace sleeve and the
gold button details there's a crest on
it which I love
click emboss'd or something I love
wearing this piece it's so easy to style
and I can easily wear it to work I mean
look at that it looks so good this
gorgeous jacket cost me 80 pesos where
else are you gonna find a jacket like
that for 80 pesos I don't know where
else I don't even think the vit√≥ria has
stuff like that for each person's next
up we have this black dress it's just a
nice simple short dress I love that this
is the cut of the collar because it
shows off my collarbones and I love that
the sleeve is loose and then it becomes
tighter here in the edge I love that
there are scenes over here because that
actually accentuates my body and I
really need pieces like this because you
know I don't have that much curves so
stuff like this really helps me out
since it's basic black it's so easy to
style with anything and I also wear this
to work a lot this just costs 100 pesos
well I know 100 pesos for a dress with
this detailing that's a pretty good deal
next job we have this gorgeous red dress
I mean look at that look at the shade of
red
it's so cute every girl should own at
least one stunning red dress and this is
my
it has the same caller as the black
dress it's pretty simple it's just a
short dress the best part about this is
the sleeves they just look so she it
looks like I'm wearing petals on my arm
which I really like it reminds me of
like Paris chic if you don't stand out
in this color I don't know what else is
gonna work for you this just cost me 100
pesos I know that is so cheap for a
dress that looks this good lucky looked
like a designer dress on to more casual
stuff I have this pair of denim
high-waisted shorts this is my go-to
pair for any cash flow outings actually
started as high-waisted pants and then I
just cut it bleached it until here to
get this ombre effect I actually made
this around 3 years ago so I'm really
surprised that it is still alive and
well and I so use it I got the pants for
three for a hundred so that's about 33
for the pants and bleach one everyone
has bleach just look for it in your
house and then just mix it in with water
and then you just dip it there for a few
minutes and voila if you guys want a
step-by-step tutorial on how to do that
you can just check on my blog something
you guys should know about me I am a
sucker for oversized sweaters they're
just so comfy and they just feel so cozy
so I stock up on them first up we have
this gorgeous gray sweater with a loose
turtleneck on top I love that it's Lewis
because I don't like it but you know it
feels like I'm being choked by what I'm
wearing yeah that's really not
comfortable but this one super comfy I
love the zipper detail on the sides you
can really style it when you wear it you
can wear it open or you can wear it
closed and it looks good with leggings
pants yes how much I got this for I got
this for 50 pesos what next up we have
my favorite sweater
you guys know I love white white is my
color I mean
look at this everything is why this is
my favorite sweater of all time because
it is perfection it has that loose
turtleneck I like it's so simple but it
makes everything look so luxe so I love
wearing this doesn't it just remind you
of snow
I love snow Irish we had snow so this
this is like the closest I can get to
feeling like there is some semblance oh
it's no here I don't know what I'm
saying anymore I just really love this
piece and I also got this for fifty
pesos so this is my favorite sweater
ever yeah okay that's enough of that if
you guys follow my blog you know that
I'm not a big pants person but for some
reason this is my favorite pair of
trousers it's high-waisted black pants
it fits me perfectly and it's so comfy
you don't understand like it it feels
like I'm wearing nothing you're not
gonna believe how much I got this for I
got this for just 10 pesos and that size
what even I was surprised at the price I
was like is this real how can this be
ten pesos I wear it so much I wear it to
work
I wear it to events there are just so
many ways that you can style a really
good pair of black trousers this is
something that everyone should have in
their closet just your basic black
trousers that are just so comfy and you
just keep wearing it over and over again
you know I don't know why I no one's
ever called me out on it but I wear this
pair a lot but I don't think anyone ever
notices because you know their basic
black trousers and as long as you style
them with different pieces it doesn't
look like the same pair of trousers so
if you guys don't have pair of really
good black trousers you should go get
some and if you're lucky you can
probably find one to for 10 pesos like I
did that's it for all the clothes you
will now move on to this beautiful bag
right here this
is my go-to bag for both casual and
formal stuff like if I just have no idea
what to pair with the outfit this is my
default it's a simple black clutch with
a nice texture on it and if you look at
the inside there's a pocket over here
with a zipper which I love that's
actually one of the things I look for in
bags I need the bag to have a nice
secure pocket inside for the little
things I carry because if if it doesn't
have that pocket I'm just not gonna buy
it this even has a magnetic snap so
that's pretty cute I use it all the time
and it still looks amazing I mean that's
a very durable bag you have no idea I
cram stock into this bag I got this for
AP pesos can you believe that 80 pesos
for this cute little clock next up we
have shoes look at this beautiful pair
of shoes when I go thrift store shopping
I love looking for unique pieces I just
love the transparent detail here and the
nice pop of color here it's just so
adorable so I definitely got it I could
wear this for hours because if you look
at the heel it's not super high so that
always makes things easier I got this
pair for 150 pesos last but not least we
have this pair of nude heels aren't they
gorgeous right look at them if you guys
recognize it then that means you are a
frequent shopper of zara because the
brand is zara out of everything i have
ever bought an okay guy store these are
by far my best buy ever I love them I
wear them so much if you guys follow me
on Instagram you're gonna see this pair
a lot I especially love wearing them to
events because they're just so comfy and
they're just so easy to wear this nude
heel is made out of suede material and
it has zipper closure at the back and it
also has a low heel so it also makes it
easier for me to walk in it and now for
the price I got this pair of nude heels
from Zara for only 180 pesos kids
you believe that I am sure this is worth
thousands if I bought it in the actual
thyristor but I got it for 180 pesos
that is amazing that's a guy who I score
right there this is an amazing Buy I got
this last year and I've been using it
non-stop and it's still amazing okay
it's a bit dirty now but it's so
beautiful and you know the best part
about this when I bought it it was
actually brand new like the souls
weren't even worn I knew that this pair
was meant for me actually that's what I
feel with a lot of the stuff I get
especially shoes because if I like it
and then it fits me the kinda means it's
meant for you right I don't know is that
how you guys shop but I don't that's how
I shop and it's super fun you guys
should try it and that's it for all of
my favorite stuff store items I hope you
guys like this don't worry all of them
were cleaned dries I always make it a
point to have all of my pieces cleaned
at least three times before I actually
wear it out so you know I'm I'm really
sure nothing bad is gonna happen
I hope this inspired you guys to go out
and try out star shopping it's actually
really fun because it's like a treasure
hunt that you have no idea what you're
gonna find
and it's also better to go into it
without any expectations so you know
don't make a list don't do any of that
just go in and then just browse all of
the stuff and then if you find something
that really strikes you and you just
can't look away
just get it if it fits you it's meant
for you going thrift store shopping is
like hunting for treasure because
there's just so much stuff you can buy
so if you find that one gem never let go
because if you let go someone else might
get it and you will never find that ever
that actually happened to me I saw
something and then I was like hmm maybe
I shouldn't get it and then I went back
for it because I couldn't stop thinking
about it and it was gone I felt kind of
sad so I never let that happen to me
ever again to do that that happened to
you if you guys liked this video just
give it a thumbs up if you have any
questions comments or suggestions just
leave it in the comment box down below
if you would like to be updated on when
I put up a new awesome video just click
the subscribe button I really appreciate
it maybe I should go back to an okay I
actually have this favorite go-to place
where I got all the stuff so if you guys
want a video about my favorite guy
places just let me know that's it I am
stopping myself from seeing any more
things you guys have been amazing thank
you so much for watching I'll see you
guys next time
