seriously look at how big this is when I
first moved here I filled 12 of these
boxes with fluids it was just filled up
to the brim with clothes hey guys what's
up well welcome back to my channel for
those of you who don't know my name is
Agee and I feel like I say that in every
video so today I've decided to do how to
get rid of your stuff video because I
have tons of stuff that I want to get
rid of I don't want to be a hoarder for
life I decided to downsize significantly
downsize my closet and I'm very happy
with it I had no idea what I was gonna
do with all of it because they're just
so much I came up with three different
ways that you can actually get rid of
your stuff so that is what we are gonna
discuss right now so these are the
different ways I'm gonna get rid of my
stuff like I didn't pick just one way
I'm actually doing all of them I don't
know why I just I'm just like that the
first way which is also the easiest way
to get rid of your stuff is to donate it
Google to best friend you can just
Google where to donate clothes
inter-country here and there you can
donate it there I knew the US has
Salvation Army's stuff or whatever you
can just donate it to different
charities but here in the Philippines
I'm not quite sure if we have stuff like
that what I like to do is I just talk to
my church and then I tell them I wanted
an eight a bunch of clothes and then and
then they just tell me where I can drop
it off it's it's pretty simple so you
just bring them all there drop it off
and then yeah you did a very good deed
donating is one of the first things I do
actually because it's just one of those
things that you just end up feeling
really good about I mean you know that
your clothes are gonna go a long way in
helping someone with their life so
that's always a good thing to support so
yeah donate your clothes most of this
stuff I'm getting rid of I actually the
Nathan I just removed a few items that I
feel I could actually sell which is
another way you can get rid of stuff
that's the first way just donate stuff
you will feel so much lighter after
donating it and you will feel so much
better because you're actually helping
people and getting rid of your stuff and
not becoming a hoarder like I probably I
don't want the second thing you can do
to get rid of your clothes it's a give
it away to people you actually care
about like me for example I have a
little sister and she just loves
anything that has to do with black gray
sometimes white but mostly black and
green so when I look through all my
clothes and there was still a really
good stuff that were in black or gray or
sometimes stuff I feel she would
actually like the pile is this big I
carry tons of clothes to her room and
that I'm just like okay
check it out give back the ones you
don't want because I'm gonna donate it
so she looked through it and she
actually likes a bunch of my stuff I see
her we're at the school so that's a good
thing I love clothes so much that it's
just hard for me to part with it so
having a little sister who's my size
they were the same size is something
that that really helped me a lot and you
know my separation anxiety with my
clothes because I worked hard to earn my
money and then I spent it on clothes and
then I'm just gonna give it away
so having that option to give it away to
my sister or well I have a brother so I
can't really give it him but having that
option to give it away to your sister or
to your friends or do basically other
people you care about that's a very good
way to get rid of your stuff if you give
it away to someone you live with don't
think of that don't one second-guess
your decision just let it go and you
will be fine that's another way just
give it away to people you love and you
will see your beloved stuff being loved
by someone else which is always a good
feeling as well so the last way you can
actually get rid of all your stuff it's
to sell them because of the amazing
Internet there are so many ways that you
can so there are different apps you can
use to sell stuff so there are two apps
that I actually downloaded because I
want to try and selling on them so the
first one is the carousel app I don't
know if you guys have
check it out this is the home page
basically in the carousel app you can
sell brand new stuff and secondhand
stuff so it's really great and the other
one is shot BPH they're actually very
similar apps so check this out of this
one's the Schottky one um you can tell a
brand new stuff you can sell secondhand
stuff and either have the apps and then
it's a great that just makes everything
so much easier it's like having a garage
sale but on mobile so that's great too
and I also end up shopping which don't
do that because you just got her to stop
you don't wanna add more stuff do what
you own another a great place to sell
would be Facebook there are so many
Facebook groups right now where you can
just sell your stuff or you can buy
stuff and you can buy absolutely
anything like this cut for example I
just bought it from one of those
secondhand furniture Facebook groups and
I got it it's such a steal it was like
four thousand pesos for a really nice
couch anyway that's not the point
there are different groups like at the
name of trade there's university tree
there's just so many groups you just
have to search at there on Facebook like
selling groups are buy buying groups you
really have no excuse to not sell stuff
online another place you can sell your
stuff is in bazaars I'm not sure if a
lot of you will actually go for this
because in bazaars you pay rent and then
usually bazaars are three days so you're
there Friday Saturday Sunday and then
you pay rent for it and everything so I
don't know if you guys would go for it
but if you got an opportunity to for
example collaborate with someone on a
booth or they just give you the booth
for free I think you should try it out
it gives you access to a market that you
just can't find and the apps are in the
groups so that's also great I have great
news I am gonna be joining a bazaar this
month and I'm gonna be selling all of my
stuff that still have tags on it I'm
still kind of attached to them and I
want them to find really good homes and
I'm gonna price them really low so if
you guys want to check that out just
head on over to my Bazaar here are the
details it's called early Christmas Fair
it's gonna be on November 18 19 and 20
in the metro tent and Metro walk this
Bazaar is actually
for the benefit of the I love Street
Children Foundation so if you guys want
to do Christmas shopping but at the same
time the NATO a very good cause just
drop by the bazaar shameless love yeah I
just look for my booth even if you don't
want to buy anything just check out my
booths I would love to meet you guys so
yeah just check me out over at that
bazaar okay so I'm gonna show you a few
of the stuff I'm gonna sell just so you
have an idea if you like it and if it's
something you would actually want to
check out the first one is this bag from
Armani Exchange this cute little diver
from Nine West a really cute skirt from
Diane von Furstenberg this skirt the
brand is chica booty shake a booty egg
white blouse jacket Amber's got leopard
looking top cocktail dress from Anne
Klein Sperry pop cider heels I also have
stuff in original packaging Stellaluna
wedge this gorgeous pair of shoes I'm
Kenneth Cole so I hope you guys enjoyed
that little sneak peek into the stuff
I'm gonna be selling in my Bazaar
there's also brand-new stuff though from
my online shop if you're interested in
that as well so that's it for this video
I hope you guys learned something about
how to get rid of your stuff or that you
should actually look through your closet
and get rid of stuff so just a recap how
to get rid of your stuff first you can
donate it second you can give it away
third you can sell it you can sell it
online you can sell it through apps or
you can copy me and just sell it in a
bazaar so there are really so many
different ways so there is really no
excuse to be a hoarder I say that now
but I'm actually talking to myself I am
reminding myself to not the order of
loads yeah so that's it for this video
thank you so much for watching if you
like this video just give it a thumbs up
if you are new to my channel and you
would like to be updated on when I put
out a new video just click the subscribe
button if you have any questions
comments suggestions or any type of
video that you would like me to do just
leave it in the comment box below I've
actually already done one video that you
guys suggested so I'm gonna continue
that
pretty fun
