this is my oh my gosh it's so happy
seriously I don't know why carry this
everyday okay
hey guys what's up welcome back to my
channel for those of you who don't know
my name is Adi and today I'm gonna do a
requested video which is the what's in
my bag video don't ask you guys the
types of videos you would like to see so
a lot of you actually mentioned what's
in the bag type of video today I'm gonna
try out this type of video I am also
trying out I differentiate of lipstick
if you haven't noticed what do you think
let me know if you like this color on me
let me know in the comments down below
because I am also I'm not quite sure
about it but I tried it anyway okay so
let's get on with Oh what's in my bag
video yes it's my oh my gosh it's
actually way heavier than it looks so
this is my go-to bag for everyday things
actually I just switch off between this
black bag or this white bag which I am
now using as a vase because I don't have
why anyway but yeah it looks pretty good
as a vase so this is what I've been
using lately it's just a black leather
funeral bag with texturized stuff on it
so anyways it's just black it easy to
pair with anything I wear it's one of my
favorite bags in the world and I'm just
it's just one of my favorite bags
because I'm the brand where's the brand
the brand is actually Fino and you know
really durable bags which I love and
which I need in my life because I really
put tons of stuff in my bag so it has to
be durable bargain shop read me on this
bag you know they're on sale for just
five hundred pesos and I've been using
it non-stop for months so I think I got
my money's worth
from that purchase let us check out what
is in this small bag that is
be probably heavier than me okay this is
the reason why the bag is heavy because
I carry around a surface pro my best
friend right now because I actually edit
my videos on these so it's great that I
can carry it around and it fits in this
tiny bag so yeah so this is a surface
pro 2 I think it even has a keyboard
don't be fooled this isn't mine I just
borrowed it because my Mac is so old I
can't even edit videos so that is why I
have that and of course I also have a
notebook so it's in pink because pink is
so cute
great look this has my hopes and dreams
no I'm just kidding it just has work
stuff and the ideas I forgot to show you
the inside of the back the back actually
has a lot of compartments it has two
pockets over here two pockets over here
and the zipper pocket over here and our
really big area over here so that is why
this is the best bag for me right now I
never leave my house without my wallet
this is legit everything I need it has
my money my cards I even have medicine
in here so I will not survive without
this wallet my Walden and I are like
this you've never separated I also have
this what is this what what are you this
is a power back I'm always late so
naturally there are things I forget to
do which is of course charging my phone
so having this in my bag is a lifesaver
each pocket has this as a specific use
for me but start with this one over here
so this is just my makeup pocket so I
have hand sanitizer
I love carrying this around because I'm
such a you know when you go to dirty
places and you just need a quick
cleanliness fit duo soo premium powder
this is my favorite face powder so I
bring it around for touch-ups and all
that stuff and okay
this is my favorite liquid lipstick it
is not real kind but I love the shade on
me so I use it a lot what else do we
have in here
oh I also have my boring lippy lip balm
this is from body shop I love it it
tastes really good and it makes my lips
red and I also carry around this little
Bulgari perfume sampler thing for those
emergencies where you have to smell
really good but you just can't bring
around this big-ass bottle of perfume
that you really love my golden cop bomb
I love this item it's it's basically my
medicine for everything like if I if
something bites me or if I have muscle
pains or anything whatever if I get a
headache I just reach for this and then
I'm going after like five minutes so
this is essential to my life like I'm
gonna die of pain if I don't bring this
around this compartments pretty funny if
you're a guy you're not gonna understand
this but I'm a regular so I always bring
a napkin with me because you never know
it just pops up at the most inconvenient
times of my life I always bring some
form of tissue it wipes one of the
things I really can't live without
I'm just so see with things like just
mud on my Stuart someone steps on my
shoe I just I'm not gonna be okay unless
I clean it I actually get it really
cheap from Japan home center you can buy
like six of these for 88 or 3480
something like that the compartment over
here just has my ball pens this is the
ball pen I usually use and this is the
ball pen I used to use but it ran out of
ink so I don't use it anymore but since
it's just so pretty yeah I mean look at
that it's bedazzled and it looks so good
with my notebook I mean I see right I
think about it they look super girly
together and I show you that anymore
this pouch actually has my earphones I
already like this pouch yeah that's a
stony path I could find that could fit
my earphones carry my earphones around
not even to listen to view
it's for editing videos I edit videos
everywhere in the car on the sheath
wherever I'm gonna edit so I really need
your phones oh I I also bring around
pocket Wi-Fi thing because I super need
the Internet and when my mobile a
thought fails me it's always gonna have
a backup especially since I over
everywhere this is essential so check it
out this is my business card case I love
this I actually got this from Nava it's
this store in Reno that I love going
through it's leather and then metal work
over here and it just keeps all of my
business cards they actually have two
types of business cards this is my
marketing firm business card and this is
my blogger business card so I carry
these business cards with me everywhere
I go you know you never know who you're
gonna meet always carry your business
cards we're down to the last topic this
is my favorite pocket so it actually has
tons of candy and random stuff to eat
because I am obsessed with sugar I kid
you not I cannot go a day without eating
sugar
I am definitely afraid of becoming
diabetic because if I do I'm totally
gonna be unhappy with my life Peter's
butter balls I love this it's just like
eating caramel butter it's so good this
is super yummy the mini Belgian boys
it's this little waffle snack thing
which I like gum and a menthol ball why
why don't have a menthol ice breakers I
love this one I only eat ice breaker
sours because ah they're so good if
you've never tried this there's
something wrong I always thought like
you're on them
Filipino treats because yeah I'm in the
Philippine so right now I have these
chocolate-covered dried mangoes which is
super good these were actually ten in my
bag and now they are just two these are
my last two action
so I'm gonna save that I really can't
survive without candy darn eyes when I
feel super dizzy and it's because I just
need to eat some form of candy that's
why I have a whole pocket dedicated to
just candy
so we are down to the last one which is
my zipper pocket I actually like the
spot back it's like a secret pocket the
charger for the surface pro my phone
charger wire I need a new one look at
that I just taped it what what is wrong
with me seriously well sometimes I just
forget that stuff are destroyed and that
I have to fix them this is the UM wall
socket thing for the phone charger in
case my power back fails me I can use
the wall socket to charge I have this
thing where I lose ponytails so I just
scatter them in different places like I
have one in my wallet
I have one in the secret pocket and then
I have one in each bag it's just
something I have to put in on my bag oh
of course
my phone is always in my bag I cannot
leave the house without this this is
actually the most important thing that
was not in my bag but it's always
actually it's always in my hand that is
it for my very first what's in my bag
video I hope you guys like this this is
actually the first time I'm doing a
video that you guys requested so let me
know what you guys think and let me know
the other types of videos you would like
me to try out leave it in the comments
below if you like this video please give
it a thumbs up if you are new to my
channel hello please click the subscribe
button if you would like to be updated
on my other videos thank you for liking
commenting and subscribing I really
appreciate this I got pretty bored of
the whole white wall things so I did
this so let me know what you guys think
of my new setup I brought in my fur and
my flowers over there and well you can't
see it but I have a table over here
thank you guys for watching I will see
you next time
why do I keep doing and gestures like
even look good
I don't know now it's becoming awkward
oh yeah yeah yeah
I actually got it from a garage sale so
I have no idea what the original price
is but I want to know so I'm gonna check
out the website
no okay and Fino does not post their
price list on their website but I can
search for how much it costs to buy it
secondhand because I bought my second
hand and it's so pretty good whoa what
are the peace prize serious so a
secondhand authentic Fino bag seven
thousand five thousand six really people
you really think you're gonna buy this
bag free I don't know I'm sure other
people but seriously wow this is so this
is an expensive bag huh but you know
bargain shop Radney found this bag in a
garage sale for just five hundred pesos
and I've been using it non-stop for
months so I think I got my money's worth
from that purchase
