hey guys what's up my name is Agee and
if you watched my first vlog I'm sure
you're intimately familiar with my room
by now but if you haven't watched it I
suggest you get on it because the rest
of my blogs will kind of reference first
one alive so yeah it's very good you
know because my first vlog is all about
my room and I'm gonna transform it into
my dream room I decided to go to the
vitória one of my most favorite shopping
places in this entire world
it's Divisoria okay I know what you're
gonna say the story is so dirty there's
so many people there you're gonna get
mugged the quality of the items that are
bad let me just put it into all of that
right now the vitória is far far the
vanilla it lost that's where the
president lives so no it's not far
yes it's dirty yes it smells bad but
that's only if you buy in the stream
actually this story has so many malls
it's nice it's clean there's air comes
even the bathrooms are okay know about
the quality of the products like any
other place in this world there are high
quality products they're low volatile
product you should not expect it you
have to check out the word Prada
stuff you find it like greenish on gas
or online shops I'm actually from the
vasoya and I everything at wholesale
prices never sorry I carry so many
different products like food drinks
candy clothes deck or accessories bags
makeup anything even think of Divisoria
hasn't you think it you go there you
find it if it's not there then maybe
your item doesn't exist it'd be like I'm
just kidding of course there are
products that they don't carry but I've
never experienced that ever in my life
I've actually shopped there so many
times for all types of occasions I can
safely say that everything I need is
there I absolutely love buying from the
vasoya it's so cheap everything there is
soul it's such a low price and you can
even have it if you find an either for a
hundred pesos you can just talk to the
store owner and say can I get it for
fifty pesos depending on the store owner
they could say yes to the 50 pesos or
they'll meet you halfway and say 75 or
sometimes you know they both but the
beauty of that is so there are so many
stalls in the vitória you can actually
go around and then find the exact same
item at different price it's really
better if you can bus my strategy is I
can bus I shall go and if I don't like
the price I still look further than
other stores and if I don't find
anything cheaper I go back to the first
all I want do and then I just buy that
but at least I'm assured that I have the
lowest price possible it's just awesome
there you actually try it so now I'm
going to show you guys everything I
bought remember how my sink doesn't have
a cover for the drain well
I found one get out it was just 20 pesos
and there I solved my whole sink problem
my mom she told me that I'm never gonna
find something that's gonna fit that
green hole exactly but yeah I found this
so what up Vinny says amazing next up I
bought here's my new rug it's gonna look
so perfect in my new bathroom and I I
can't stop touching it I got to yeah
that is how much I like this wrong I got
them for 200 each when you imagine how
cheap that is if you go to the
department store this is probably like
500 B inch or more I don't know the been
department store and they're so big
look at that get even food I can't even
fit my it can fit my screen which I got
this it's called an amazing shoe wrap it
can store like 30 pairs of shoes I
actually got this so I can store all of
my everyday shoes right by my doorstep
it's pretty awesome I'm gonna I'm gonna
set this up later this amazing shoe rack
cost me 180
since I just started my blog I decided
to buy a bunch of things for that as
well so I have this healthy pod thing so
you just open it like this and then I'm
gonna take a selfie that's actually for
the phone you can even connect this to
your phone so that you can click here if
you want to take a picture 80 pesos for
this next up I bought this yeah it's
more legit than that one because this
one's for my geek fro I can make it
longer I can put my geek bro here and
they're just you know filled stuff 250
pesos which is really cheap considering
its really good quality next up is one
of the best things I found for my
vlogging it's this one
hey this is a gorilla pod it's more like
an octopus with it last mode I can just
attach my SLR here and then this is the
best part you can adjust this any way
you like if I don't want to hold it
I can just put it here on my arm and
then fill myself hey isn't that so cool
you can also put it on my life here if I
want to let film right
okay maybe maybe not keep it aside I
don't know you can position it
absolutely anywhere so I love it it's my
new favorite item you want to start a
vlog this is what you this amazing
tripod looking thing just cost me 200
pesos when I went to green house and I
was searching for this exact pot guess
how much of this it's like a thousand
pesos I'm gonna find that it's so
expensive but in the year two hundred
pesos now I'm going to show you the best
item I found in the Vasari I didn't
think I would find it but I did and it
is amazing so here it is my three rub
I've always wanted this and when I found
it I just I just died
I'm so happy it's super big and it's so
soft
I seriously just spent like a few hours
yesterday just you know rolling on the
soft drug so pretty here it's a pretty
and soft this rug cost me two thousand
pesos I know two thousand pesos is a lot
but for our run up fur rug that's so
cheap I actually saw this and my friends
please I said I really want your own and
then she said oh you can just buy it
from fm it's just twelve thousand pesos
and then I was like I'm not spending
twelve that's the best on a rug so when
I saw this for two thousand pesos no
questions I'm getting it I bought it and
now I have it and I'm happy this rug
would look perfect in the middle of air
it's so up okay stop
that's it from the stuff I bought for my
room but that's actually everything I
bought usually when I go to BV there's
always one or two items that I didn't
intend to buy it's usually stuff I don't
mean but I actually really want so you
know gotta give this to that sometimes
so I bought three highly liquid lipstick
dupes and about three colour-pop liquid
lipstick tubes you're probably wondering
why I got six it's because if you buy an
old say
you get the lowest price possible I know
it's not good to my face I'm just
playing around with the idea of making a
video about comparing the dupes to the
real ones these cost me fifty pesos each
super cheap that's it for all the stuff
I bought from Divisoria if you guys want
to go to the bazaar yourselves by all
means just do it you're gonna find
awesome things an awesome prices you
can't keep after it
I was actually contemplating if I should
blog about going to the vez oriya and
how to buy how to have good but I got
kind of scared because someone might
just steal my camera or I might lose it
if that happens my blogging days are
over
I I don't even know how to recover from
that thank you so much for watching my
video I hope this inspired you guys to
go out and check out the Miss oriya it's
month as bad as everyone thinks I mean
hello look at me I can survive there so
I'm pretty sure you guys can survive
there just be careful if you haven't
subscribe to my channel I suggest you do
because there's more awesomeness coming
your way also miss my favorite word
thank you so much for watching and I
hope you guys enjoyed
