hey guys what's up today I'm gonna teach
you how to do my everyday makeup routine
it's a pretty simple routine that takes
about 20 to 30 minutes depending on your
pace for everyday makeup it's best to go
with a natural look just to enhance the
natural beauty you already have so let's
start the tutorial after cleansing my
face the first thing I do is I add ed
cream so today I'm going to use L'Oreal
loses magic BB cream BB cream is a great
way to keep your face moisturize and a
part of your skin for makeup next up is
my foundation stick so i use the nasheed
o foundation stick in there so what you
need to do is you need to put it on your
t-zone and then just spread it up from
there
I also like to add extra foundation
under my eyes to cover the eye bags and
also under the eyebrow to shoot the
better now I'm going to set the
foundation with powder and i like to use
snow duo supreme powder in perfect babe
now the thing you need to remember about
powder is you don't just slide it on or
rub it on you actually just dab it so
that everything is so stays in place now
I'm going to add lip balm to prep my
lips next up is my eyebrows I use these
three tools this is a deco olive auto
eyebrow pencil and 22 black brown and
then these are just my eyebrow pencils I
start out by tracing the outline of my
eyebrow when the filling it in
then you use this brush to fill in the
eyebrow
then I use this brush to give it a more
natural look
next up I'm going to do my eye makeup so
I like to use the Knicks love in Paris
palette and then eyeshadow brush and
blending brush first I like to take the
lightest color to put under my eyebrows
and on the lid of my eye this color
then I take this color and then you put
it on the crease of my eye then I take
this color and put it on the crease of
my eye I also put this dark color in the
piece of my eye then you take my
blending brushes and I just soften all
the lines to make it look more natural
you
then I take a sponge and then I just
clean up the sides
as time to do my eyelashes so I like to
use the mosquito eyelash curler and the
Maybelline long extreme waterproof
mascara
so I'm done with my eyes and I'm gonna
do my blush I like to use the elf
contouring blush and bronzer palette and
my forever 21 blush brush so I just
apply blush to the apples of my cheeks
now on to my favorite part I'm gonna add
highlighter to different parts of my
face I like to use the Catrice absolute
eye color the whole idea of this is to
add highlighter to the parts of your
face where the Sun would hit the
forehead the tip of the nose top of the
lip and the chin and of course on top of
the cheap you just blend that in really
well
I also like to add a little bit under my
eyebrows
I'll time to put on lipstick and today
I'm going to use the Lancome rogue and
love with lipstick and the shade is 132
m now to set everything in place I'm
going to spray this thermal spring water
all over my face
and that's it for my everyday makeup
tutorial and hope you guys enjoyed the
video if you have any questions comments
or any other tips you would like to
share with the world you can comment
below if you like this video you can
also check out my other videos and you
can also subscribe to my channel that's
it for today's video thank you guys for
watching
