hey guys what's up my name is Adi amore
yes that's my real name
no he didn't buy our last name you
believe people are absolutely Wow your
last name so unique did you guys buy it
you're the Philippine stream Spanish
here a lot of people bought Spanish last
names I asked my says didn't you buy our
last name I thought I said no it's
really the last name of our
great-grandfather whatever basically we
don't buy it just hearing about decided
to start my vlog today that's right the
log I've been a blogger for around two
to three years now I've always thought
that blogging would be a natural
transition for me from full disclosure I
have absolutely no idea about videos
with my knowledge on videos are zero I
think the only thing I've done with
videos so far in my life is to watch
them I have no idea about lighting
editing videos in my life by
I am willing to try it now I've actually
been thinking a lot about starting a
blog I never really got around to doing
it until now I did this new phase of my
life actually I'm not so why today of
all days why that suddenly decide but
this is gonna be thinking one of my
blockage but actually good I just moved
into a new place and I thought it to be
an awesome idea to just document my life
from this point I wasn't blog every day
of my life I mean there are days that I
understand for me hibernate to random
things that probably won't be that
they're just super people so of course
not you know blog about those but you
know when I go past but I'm worried when
I go to event those are the types of
stuff I would actually blog about so
yeah since day one of me in my new place
I've decided to give you guys a little
tour just to give you guys an idea of
how it looks right now and so you can
compare it to when I'm actually done
pence warming it it's my dream room so
things you should know about my own
place number one I'm just renting it so
I can't do anything drastic like I can't
change the paint colors or I can't
really have a lot of stuff or bills like
custom shelves or something like that
but I'm super limited by that 5lf to the
challenge I was definitely thinking last
night how do I make my room beautiful
without putting any permanent fixtures
so kind of interesting to go about
things
number two I
a cheapskate okay fine maybe I'm not a
cheapskate I'm more of bargain shopper
yeah so that's another limitation I have
to my room I don't have unlimited money
I'm not just gonna be like oh not this
one hundred thousand sighs it's bad or I
want this fifty thousand pesos best nope
never even be like that ever in my life
so those are the two limitations to
setting a pair of which I will get to be
accepted and that trying to work with it
I do have a theme in mind for my room I
want to be gold white and marble I know
that's not like Fifi with just three
words I start together hopefully that's
what I'll do you better decide things
off this my you that's where I'm
shooting check it out it's pretty it's
pretty cool
right okay so now I'm gonna give you
guys a better toward that that was just
me twisting in my teacher
okay
everybody enjoys is for for so I'm just
going to move to different corners of my
room so the start of this corner is my
trusty Ben I know what that she's
affected me right now but they were the
first ones I could find so that's the
best I can do right now although my PET
scan is small so I'm thinking I'm
getting
maybe a side table this is actually from
her old place so I just decided to get
it
I've actually planning to please wait I
know what it's going like this couple of
the old floor that's me brown versus I
use I actually happen in my so they
don't know where things go yet and I
just don't things in different corners I
don't let my category to do this side
about me filled with a stuff that's once
you're set they learned and sent me can
you as a flavor of beer it's called
Rosie's if you open it it's pig's ear
but this is little back and nasty from
fragrance Factory
they set be like a perfume making kits
like Marie Antoinette
so this is where I've done most of my
stuff and you can see they're mostly
boxes and Oregon's different actually
the mostly clothes shoes back
successfully stuff like that doesn't you
know bills make that I have my staff of
pack with me no they don't wear hats a
lot but I ever lost
oh whoa I haven't used this doesn't suck
our mommy look super cute
it's a fetal bag I have my stuff done
years
I don't my name for it yet but he's up
there let's get turned into a pillow
that's it for the section that's cool
okay so this is one other part of my
room these boxes are actually just a
small part of my shoe collection there
from comg a key is used as you just bite
you as as they're pretty and then I keep
them for life these I showed you there
from I'll go there
neons I like their shoes that's it for
my shoes maybe I'll make a video and all
my shoes are here and Avenue they're
like Google's stool that I bought from a
garage sale get how much garbage
dumperon involve this for 20 bucks
and this is my one and only study tape
or maybe other
I'm surely facing this wife proud mate
please and more clothes she wasn't even
like you will leave please that's it for
the tour it was absolutely more tiring
than I ever thought it could be I think
I know my camera on a tripod and then my
ring like every corner of the room so oh
yeah I hope you guys enjoyed the tour
and yeah if you want to see how I
transform this room it's my dream room
just watch for the rest of my vlogs if
you haven't subscribed to my channel
just yeah click Subscribe know I am
super excited to transform this room
into my DD room so if you guys want to
check that out check on my future blog
posts I'm just gonna have to get a
certain size there thank you so much for
watching
