they say we've got to look in our eyes I
say what better than their lives and on
the orange and green lines stories are
scribed in modern-day hieroglyphs on the
side of train tracks and spray paints
but unlike the Egyptian these stories
won't last and will be rolled over in
grey panes but I can tell you of the
tales they hold or accidental Oracle's
wooden spray cans like a calligraphers
brush painting temporary stories of an
unknown expiration dates young boys
handling wise men through laughter
stained hands and clothes cause they
paints of a Sydney southwest of long
summers were sunlight linking between
the leaves and the air where mothers
bellow from their balconies for them to
come home blowing away the last of the
lights street lamps without fail would
flicker on silent sentinels taking guard
until daylight visited once more they
paints of rundown housing Commission's
where apprentices in trainings for
ancient sayings and the peeling paints
of aged walls imparting knowledge on us
we mortals like let's pool of lost souls
strolling the streets looking
and broken faith at the bottom of beer
bottles the puffs of joint of his fist
on face they are all suburban forest of
rivers and woods where talk about laughs
but long like you brought the m5 at
those that in pink out
where the winds ringing man
speaking for the rustling of tree leaves
with mock them I have the only ones that
notice they're painted prophecies for
children
but they laugh spectacular in space and
children dare from their winds are
soaked in cigarette smoke basking in its
aroma many Vietnamese iced coffee that
matches the color of their skin regaling
each other in tales of times long gone
the air is heavy with prepubescent teens
convening meetings to discuss high
school politics with bubble tea in one
hand and banter in the other there wins
a drenched in sense of fresh fish in
fragrant spices sides of old men playing
Chinese checkers of grannies selling
veggies on sidewalks they paints over
unity unlike any other found in
Bankstown central where multiracial
gangs 5 Arabs Islanders Asians alongside
stri devout stairs and we're very ethnic
audiences with spring rolls as a smaller
kebab and kebabs as a larger spring roll
with carefree singles I saw elemental
offal overflow in the air those from all
lands now on derek land for traditions
that transcend time day the way would
wonders will for as long as their
surfaces to cover and ink that blows
paints of a semi-soft west they say
we've got a look in our eyes i say we're
better than their lives
