my auntie overseas for the first time
it's about how we can meet someone
there's a complete stranger
she didn't arrive can you born hurricane
it's not rain when she came knocking no
Roaring Tempest before their docking she
met another heavy-handed there was no
lock locking clock ticking bell ringing
choir singing depth rocking anchor
dropping it tomorrow the ocean across
the near dawn on my mother's voice makes
wing replete the heap almighty just
found hard there's a side of the
flourish meet my oldest sister when she
drinks the cycle to nourish being a life
and make everything right in the world
again my sister my friend and I forget
all the men as I've been taught she
smiles across the seas and foot don't
forget your keys or a it's called out
take a jacket for your trees without how
about Senate Model T's on all these
enormous piles and rock calyx and inside
of her chest you want to I won't drop
them malice she was a not a builder of
palace but guilty of the golden cross
the chalice of never much killed her
interest she finds pleasure in the
simplest of things in here as she seemed
as the praises of her children carried
over the wings
there wasn't a billion she'll claim each
ridden in the twinkle of her eye every
wrinkle would be silently given her
family she asks tell him about your
illness
my mama's the smile hold him she says
it's simply his son comprised when all
the Seventh Army he was the only one who
shiny we went away
what do you mean I said Stryver it's
plain to see even though she says his
name to me those who visit blames are on
the cost of a plane ticket when I know
the truth
sure as I kept his baby tooth he's
embarrassed twenty-two years and it
feels he hasn't made anything so so he
puts his mom on a shelf all this time
feels like money no world what she says
my baby boy I never passed a meal how
many ever wanted to I hope she says
without last I saw him he was your age
now he's 42 years old still his head
hear his voice my baby boy but he made
his choice to either with her head and
her face to mine good grief the old
point of E is a rift in time or made no
matter for booties I can't stand there
for it so I told that ant
have you ever had a dream that you'd
lost one of your limbs and then woke up
with relief that it was still there I
get that feeling in your stead and right
now only a bed long winters have you
left your what a lightning strike or a
load of like a mountain - never spike
that's
to Allah you are warning for shining
sapphire sometimes we might you make me
aspire to be better
why wrote is long letter to you already
gave me one month I say it's a hole
because I think I'll be alright
