says you would link to the link this
chance you might become the oldest
poetry irregular
well he'll forgive you country papa
being a pot dip is also a key part of it
but you're a lot of absolutely what was
also know about that Kokoda Track great
Bell that happened in Papua New Guinea
seventy-three years ago in July and
August of this year with Japanese
attacked and Australian soldiers fought
push them back along this incredible
track I've had the chance to walk dig
forward for the with many many
Australians is not many lives now we
were fortunate to have deep with us he
denied digging his best mate signed up
together they went off to the Middle
East together
dick was put into artillery and its best
mate was 42 infantry they came back to
Australia then they went back to the
Kota do Boston's best mate in public
Eenie he's here tonight with a poem
donezo
the gift of youth that Kerala is a young
soldier
Bronstein's gone right
it would come back the gift of youth
declared what happened
Here I am I told you wanted as usual 65
friend for the last time here are stands
in this remember all the guards only
wanna wear your chili fries
there are three granddaughters chirping
screams I pray the door I did my little
shop and I need your voice steady done
well done to the door that do we know it
the future we won't really don't like
and the places we were partying for to
stop this super senses so it wouldn't
happen to repeat effective technique for
the gtp and not flying the bright
returns for the years you thought and
the lessons taught and Marshall
let's wait for get dry mouth as if I
ever so
