my generation echo our VIPs for gold
coins and hydroponics we are hot Sun and
riverbeds made roads because it doesn't
rain anything we are the offspring of a
yellow in the dark made by brown skin
warriors standing atop valley peaks the
vista performin is nothing more than a
walls of maths tech frustrations off so
when they shook their addresses out of
their unruly hair they stood in attack
positions before them a mountain the
most improved bull of foes and yelled
not go out loud like hammers in the wind
and so the cliff crumbled and the ridge
rumbled and so the peak came tumbling
down I was conceived in the rock I live
in the valleys they dunk with their war
crimes I'm a product of their
frustrations planted they threw me in my
chief so I wouldn't forget the taste of
home we might be spoke occupied tongue
long before I learned to speak in Veda
my ancestors yell their warnings into my
canoe so I wouldn't flinch when the
bombs dropped this is for balconies and
bubbles from rooftops in hustler but at
the coffee shops abandoned markets
abandoned Halloween markets city squares
Oklahoma this is for freedom painted in
blood red on our horizons
I can't a stitch I'll pass I can't
coagulate the prison I can only live
with the weed used to be
this is the scar flesh touched by Sun
and struggle who resisted with sparks
true memories and open minds because
someone had to fight for the Diaspora
when the dice forests are fighting for
themselves children studies full of more
battle anthems and Breakfasts migration
migration left for war drums and
footprints I can't and Stitch the pots
or coagulate the prison but I can't
perform your recompense until my
youngest child is it he status his
status by the top of my world that I cry
retribution into microphone weeks trying
to echo forth a millennium of
generations men women and children who
are even half the scholars half the
scientists half the Warriors our
forefathers once were with a textbook in
one hand and a pen in the other console
is he the pen mightier than the blade
later i am the lod
everypony trying to balance my
frustrations trying to bounce my
frustrations trying to balance my
frustrations into an echo of a
generation that writes about me
