uncapped pen to leave ink marks upon a
page like tracks in snow and I the
hunter of my artistic plunder follow my
imaginations desire to be free until I'm
standing and I see precipice hello forth
from the page and scream I cannot be
contained i denti look back at the
shackles that found me for I am loose
debris in the cosmos is vast sea
floating along careless the reckless
airless just like my mother's long is
that night the police didn't come and I
was left defenseless corrosive kieres
the streak marks across my bare chest
faded although I've left I still wear
the emotional stress of scars concealed
that parents love didn't fail to you yet
still I will with penning had I puncture
my helium crammed head face land terra
firma my head wheezes reverberations
seepage of my unchecked ruminations
occupying the atmosphere I believed them
in contemplate whether it's
hyperventilation am I just recycling my
unwanted thoughts the clicks of the
crowd resuscitate me pop air into my
extremities
polo again whole the concept of being
complete complete the concept of
possessing all the necessary parts this
crowd and necessary pod this microphone
my heart extenuating my voice forcing me
back until I a little boy again
extenuating my arms to be like Superman
not knowing that the real Superman was
not a suited man like a suited men that
note to my father's door that night I
was visiting him I thought it odd that
he left me alone again as if he were
expecting them but they they were not
expecting me badge waved discreetly feet
shuffle suspiciously where is he I don't
know I answered honestly after they left
I left always wondered if you were put
under arrest years go by and I now
understand the foul odor of his resorts
what was my father's profession I guess
you can say it was a chemist of sorts
yes I concocted my own formula of
success found solace in the riddling to
write what was unbidden taking hold of
my mind and forcing it out is full point
trying to uncover the point of my
seemingly measly existence to you all
another poet to my parents and
ungrateful child through this system
another brick in the wall and of my
strength I now stand invincible
