 you so go short to me we nothing
it's not a perfect creature oh yeah so
they'll shut down me so we are nothing
it's not infectious diseases have like
mice and England touch turn to food and
off you go God that I know created me
gave me the book of life and told me to
read he created me to learn to grow to
be the best that I can be in told me up
with it anymore God that I know who
created me told me to teach not condemn
to doubt in question consequently
strengthening my belief God that I know
created me told me that obedience and
complacency out of B and socialized
norms is not true faith that there is a
great understanding to be gained and
never settle for simply what you're told
God that I never created me told me
you'll be burning with the acts of
misguided souls that will use and abuse
my name as they claimed active a grain
of my command just know that this will
be a test of your faith in humanity the
God that I know created me told me to
see the beauty in all his creations to
show compassion and protect them to
treat them as my equal and no more no
less that they will not know their own
limits and be patient as they test them
again and again God that I know created
me told me see not the judgment and
persecution of my fellow creatures I
know the truth of your song you return
to me
not them the liner created me told me he
loves me I'm a journalist you know my
faults and failures is only to love you
back cut that I know created me told me
that there is no salvation in shame and
guilt sleddin genuine desire for
redemption and I will redeem you over
and over again now tell me is that
something you feel
