I come from a lineage of broken homes
and survival tactics then bet their
families with corn and tilt from seed to
sickle calloused fingers women who
understand marriage don't survive the
way himself this daily toil and he ain't
come home to touch his kids in bed like
his kisses wander neighborhoods over
children born infidelity starving a
symphony of aching bellies I have
anonymous branches on my family tree
each one nourished by an empty room
cattle sliced open to the kitchen sink
women with blood-stained tents my
ancestry I cannot shame broken English
wrapped in southern twang still Rose
these cities from soil to skyline
generations to come remember the names
of those who made the break the fatigue
of building a nation we've been hurt and
you've got the wrong man this show
I'll switch dialects with ease the way
my mother taught me I excused my
father's absence I let my hungry belly
sing
