the basic city boy from the heart this
is a tale of strength to struggle
articulated and picked apart a profound
gems of wisdom once in pineville from a
conversation with a homeless man who
shifted my perspective and changed my
entertaining taking me higher till
mental plane somewhere off of this
organic planet that's floating through
infinity like a moment in time extracted
from the sequence in a movie scene this
was no inception I had to pinch myself
to convince but this wasn't something
command of a dream at a time in my life
I was going to changes shedding layers
in a place that'll be dealing with the
dark light of my soul chasing black
thought I raced the pasta to my wounds
into wisdom cuz I wasn't following up
the script up is kicking I started
writing the next chapter and patience is
fine after my age in part ways of who I
was yesterday well the conversation in
my soul was saying i go for the past
behind me if I'm never gonna break the
change that I'm buying a bike it's an
attractive man to trying it I have to
start I have to become the beginning and
end of a story that will never be told
again because you never without power
alter your destiny and just remember to
have patience because I promise you that
will be bigger and better in it he had
these eyes curly white compress the
opiate I could have sworn that I saw
distant galaxies and nebulas through
their death resembling Gandalf the Grey
which is shedding a beard wrinkles on
his forehead like the Nazca lines in
Peru India stains and change smoking
white option we r who blues too proud to
beg for change he mastered all the pain
wise from the things that he'd seen I
will never forget you his name is normal
short for Norman and he was far
with words exchanged so interstellar not
bound by space and time enemy for weight
was floating through the cosmos like an
unfinished symphony this is ready said
to me do you know what the most
important thing is chris there are two
things you cannot change in life the
tides and the time the type of the ocean
and the time that's on your watch to
wait for no man when kings or Queens is
keeping them Street these words
reverberate it accordingly now that I've
left behind all the drama and the grief
replaced it for self belief took
whatever that I envisioned in my sleep
made it into something that I could
reach incorporated it in the speech you
look behind these eyes oh you will save
I've lost a lot of sleep dreams
