gray trunks happened with red leaves
these hard to believe mushroom clouds
and trace around resemble trees the
ground erupts erosion softens one solid
dreams
crying wives and partners with faces
drives of ammunition tears behind enemy
lines stifled sobs leaked out of
dumpsters from the children within less
the invaders catch wind great Thomas
battens with red leaves marks autumn
nine thousand miles away over land and
sea Nestle and Bella since Guardian puts
this happening across pavements but both
sets of footsteps don't follow three
balloons blond-haired blue-eyed
self-proclaimed maces their face skin
want like trophies their slave trade
sneakers squeak around corners they
tread past lockers so close that Helene
Brown flesh trembling inside wine can
hear them grin p5 subtle still less the
invaders catch wing Helene
like myself or like every other migrant
still sizzles with boiling blood you're
my decades of holding up invaders see
I'm confused when you say my people
crawled here to the side new lives on
civilize crime then wonder why I fix my
44 magnum mind and eats my trigger
finger rhyme
you called me sand nigga one more time
there my TV screen were going to takes
images of one star once-proud
mediterranean man fighting with sticks
stones and swords instead of pens hoping
the invaders catch wings kids will mutt
knuckles and sharpen tongues while their
fathers wreak havoc upon blond-haired
blue-eyed fair-skinned invaders
brandishing studious Therese and
misconstrued truths in such a
retaliation why not but a messenger
slandered sub stages screaming what
honey it won't be happy bad deed my
people the recompense you seek will
always end in defeat
I have quantified revenge and it
measures six feet where would you be the
people you drew when will you wake up
and see that the invader is you
