Yahoo is a nervous nature told you
because I don't my custom didn't lie
things are the truth evo elevators
because one of the few minutes of
strength in my life lay before me
drained of breathe deeply cheeks with
eyes void of the ambitious puff with our
own fondle and a taken for granted the
subtle completing hit of defeat that
even though I was there for the shortest
the moment suggested I was anxious
because I was riddled with the confusion
and panic but often accompanied with
instability how a finite moment of what
into the infinite joy if in the central
hole and took a 180-degree turn for the
new worst I say here is that it really
absolute worst this would be very
difficult i was in this situation the
edges became redundant obligations that
kept me away became memories never to be
made it was a numbing game when will it
end when of the heart stopped the air
still and heaven gained an angel to
think no the time i did it i also
familiar with your heartbeat your
flowing locks and your signature stand I
didn't know me the beauty and strength
of your mind unlike others are not
fooled by the layout abrasive unfazed
exterior I look past your old fence and
I see the defense in your eyes the
shield that life is Bodiam Julie what
what salary photo is bad luck has
knocked you down made many times all of
us look KEO ha you straighten up this ad
is that all your butt here going like no
other everyone says that I'm visiting
and I totally honest in my veins that my
blood is your blood if there's ever
anything that I could aspire to it's the
warrior nice
you show us the wife's Ignatius and I
told you pull a bit of my hospitals it
said online but I didn't tell the truth
either
