and the first pallet jessica santos i
I'm at how old you how old are you 23
all right all right all right I think
crying is incredibly tiring aside from
the cucumber's needed for my puffy eyes
in the morning the eyelash curler and
mascara assisting my disguise I feel
relief relief for the tables strewn with
my clothes has been parted from the
middle just like Moses did the Red Sea
the chaos like a kid drawing zigzagged
the black crayon inside of me has been
pushed out like a watermelon out of a
hole the size of the lemon crying and
screaming is quite releasing only in the
secret coves of our hopefully
soundproofed homes is this catharsis
though only just acceptable don't swing
your arm at your loved one in your rage
or else the police will be called by the
neighbors who can hear from next door
and if you're a male there's even
greater chance of someone applying for
an AVO so be careful in your anger do
not sin this is frustrating I know I
hope GP mental health care plan funded
counseling sessions can get to the
bottom of it all with your sixth session
psychologist asking you perhaps it was
an accumulation of factors little San
Roque annoyances piling on top of each
other to create one gargantuan Boulder
squish that little particle of patients
that remained and from there on in
perhaps your volcano blew and I'm
thinking of Ambrose Bierce speak when
you were angry and you will make the
best speech that you will ever regret
but you don't understand it's too late
for Mighty Ducks reflect this immense
regret and translate
that my morning post up crying eyes
require the solution of fresh cucumber
slices to hide or the awful words that
we couldn't spare each other last night
