next up is Mohammed naki after Lauren I
should just run away so long please so
this place is called blame the Muslims I
find it hard to ignore the plight of our
brethren we don't ever get mentioned
because in our white skin from a Western
nation the casualties of decades of CIA
mi5 Mossad intervention under the guise
of freedom when it's really interference
an occupation see one thing's for sure
we all stand united against violence why
is it that most killings just get
silence when a bomb blows up in Iraq or
Pakistani or Yemeni drone attack why is
there a double standard is there life
not worth being mentioned oh but when
the towers went down on 911 the dust
wasn't even settled and they started
blaming and labeling the entire Muslim
population but it was the catalyst for
years of war and occupation and all the
evidence points to a controlled
demolition so you best set aside all
those preconceived misconceptions and
stereotypes that have been embedded into
the minds of the nation's hijacked our
pure religion to feed the masses
misinformation and all people have to do
is ask a question don't be afraid to ask
a question break down the walls that
separate us with some meaningful
conversation
because in Islam taking a life is like
taking a life of will of humanity and
saving a life is like saving the life of
all of humanity sons are Adam were part
of the same human family can't you see
but they call Islam the source of terror
how can you come how can you call a
religion that sent down from the Creator
as a source of terror when you invade
our lands for all their treasures
dividing conquer wreaking havoc in
terror invading country by country
through trial and error stealing our
land and resources whilst our innocent
people suffer at the hands of a
western-backed dictator that gets
disposed off once he becomes a trainer
the truth doesn't need no translator but
when you're chillin with Rothschild and
rockefeller holding hands with Lucifer
employing mercenaries like black water
or other or other groups that are funded
by the US dollar and you claim that
Islam is source of terror
the link between Zionism and Tara is
crystal clear like the blue sky so if
you find yourself on the same team as
the Empire you best be asking why hoop
deep into the bigger picture and the
truth will make itself clearer its own
is not a problem here it's the Empire's
global domination agenda everyone needs
a propaganda mouthpiece information is a
weapon they don't want to release for my
mind is free free from the lies that we
hear on TV free to worship the Almighty
like his sincere devotee fighting
injustice and tyranny with my words the
master key on this mic like a W and B
that will never stop until Palestine is
free
