our last before before this evening and
a first-time performer please welcome to
the stage muhammad hanif hi it's uh I
knew I was going to come last so God has
a funny way of making things happen but
um I'm just going to give a brief
background to this poem but first I know
you're all looking at me thinking this
guy looks absolutely ridiculous wrong
and the reason for that is two reasons
actually one it's bloody cold outside
and 2 i've actually been in these
clothes for two days now the reason why
I'm not homeless just wait the reason
being is I've actually set up my friends
house last night and this poem is about
that
I've been wanting to UM sarah has been
telling me to come and do a poem for the
first slam I thought I would do it and I
did end up doing it second slam I told
her the same thing didn't end up doing
it sir same thing happened and the
fourth the same thing happened except I
wrote it last night so fingers cry so it
begins just as it always has like an
episode of friends that promises to
excite both the endearing heart and the
not so bright the usual characters come
to mind Joey was unsurprisingly hungry
and with local restaurants springing to
mind and Chandler well Chandler's
sarcasm began to creep through the
echoes of our voices as we discuss the
possibility of a global zombie
apocalypse or women ruling the world or
mace is gut-wrenching trombone of a
voice through verbal cotton candy we
chat to the silence erupts in a choir
our voices SAT the platform for an
elaborate plot set in stone filled to
the brim with anti jokes that penetrate
the lungs and fill the souls with the
joyous melodies a simple phone call
suffice to trigger the inner boy in all
of us but oh my brothers this is no
ordinary phone call with his masculine
voice he proclaims with his wondrous
tone he begins to tame the one question
that I so eagerly anticipated and it
goes something like this all your
thought
but it doesn't stop there remember the
days when you strolled into your first
English class or fragile and cute a shy
little dove with endless potential Joel
clogged hair to online no represent
ambitious enough to crack the first joke
that proclaimed you king of all comedy
kings remember those days well our
English teachers funnily enough as much
as we hope to deny it planted the first
seed on our journey to the summit of
Mount poetry a simple term called
repetition a concept they argued we used
so often but the night we ever knew to
hide the fragility of our nurtured youth
a word we used to explain a joke that
was as much lost in translation as a
duct with no feathers repetition was
used for this question with my for this
question my friends as though to
emphasize the eternal nature of its
hidden meeting as though to signal the
dawn of a new age with a slight shift in
tone and our final abode resting on the
shores of our promised hearts we drew
knee and he said audia born you see my
brother's this is no ordinary love story
forget Romeo and Juliet and all 18
versions of a tale that really had no
tail Romeo never wrote his poem in the
heart of Juliet it was Juliet who
herself who wrote her a poem she was the
author to her own love story I my
friends can proudly boast that I have in
fact the very seed that encapsulates our
love for this blossoming joy was born
last night in the harsh cracks to the
walls of her heart hidden beneath the
pale white skin disguised within her
cheeky inviting Green her melodious
tones gathered the musicians from all
corners of the earth in a symphony of
the lights jazz pop classic rock hip-hop
and the occasional delirious karaoke
star a wonderful sights for even the
blind and for this reason know my
brother's knocking on the walls of her
heart would not suffice not even to
those who thought twice for the walls of
our hearts were not there to be plucked
pull them
as you deem fit they'd rather were there
to be loved and nurtured in a cradle of
joy as you would for your own so as I
dwelled in imaginative lists of the
wonders that would emerge from your
tender kiss the thoughts of answering
the question with another question it
seemed quite to the light so I moment
what are you doing you see my brother's
at times in one's life when you strip
away to its bare and exposed call all
the distractions and obstacles of our
chaotic lives that condemn our vision as
that of a blind man and that's of a
blind man to that of the free when you
strip this out of fabric and look within
you you will discover an endless
paradise bursting to begin on its
journey in which you are the staff you
see the greatest stories are those whose
morals reflect the inner struggle within
us for some may be an event for others a
relationship but it must be known that
whatever path we take and whatever
decision we make the one thing that
defines us and the one thing that unites
us is the memories we Forge and the
friendships we develop on this wonderful
journey called life and to quote a
famous man by the name of Andrew Ryan we
all make choices but in the end our
choices make us and these choices that
define you and it is in these choices
that we can identify you and is in these
choices we can learn to accept ourselves
and it is in these choices we can begin
to unite in the search for the truth all
day and all night so the next time your
friend calls you and asks you the famous
question or you don take a leap of faith
for what lies on the other side could in
fact be the answer you've been searching
for
