so we wanted to start things off with a
bang oh come on please introduce with
the N and E men okay my name is with
Dion and this is eman I'm the oldest sea
star the wiser one in minds they only
slightly dama one all right get along
with my sister's been doing these poetry
evenings for since they started and I've
never done one so to support her I
thought we'd do a duet um and I wrote
most of it as well so yeah she wrote
most of it that's true okay okay mmm she
follows me she even followed me into
this life the life where we share the
same parents the life where we all share
our hope and she shares her faith Iman
okay so let's get this straight since I
love you but you're starting to irritate
you see I love sharing a room but it's
getting hard to navigate through it
first thing in the morning wake up to
her open closet and find the name messy
alongside the number 10 in front of blue
and red stripes hung and pressed behind
its its address two hundred dollars
worth but that Jersey to her is more
valuable than the bundle of clothes all
interlaced without a thing in place I
turn and look at her in frustration
while she's on her fifth dream most
likely about food yes food that's all
that puts her in a good mood I get back
from work and seek to have dinner where
Dorner I waited for you so we can eat
together an hour later dad has dinner
dad I waited for you so we can eat
together she repeats with young can you
give me some of your time here we go she
wants me to hear another Ryan okay so
now it's my time 6am clicking from the
force of your feet onto the soles of
your heels and onto the tiles looks in
the mirror about 20 times as if she's
waiting for it to complement her two
hours to get ready a full hour of those
two is to discover is dedicated to
discover a new hijab style 12 outfits
considered before that contemplating of
that one irritating question does Moscow
feel good like this or is this Bella any
difference is the positioning of the
and just before I plunge my head against
the pillow for the second time I find
myself in the car to drop her off I
missed the bus she says we leave the
driveway in the first thing we see is
her bus arriving at the stop this I know
I'm older but it's not only Wayne that
sees nobody else I see myself in you
little me you will my reflection in the
mirror offering me a glimmer of hope in
a world that's no longer so dope you say
you're the protective one but remember
when you were stung I came home and
found you read crying from the pain
thinking you were going to end up dead
you spent the night in hospital but whom
is class for you that time when you were
little I was your guardian angel wanting
to protect you I swear I would have
strangled anyone who would have laid a
finger on you but you see I know you're
older but when you cry give you more
than just the shoulder remember the time
when I was 16 I beat up a boy who was
older than me by three years because he
put you in tears oh and remember the
time where you threw a broomstick at me
nearly took my eye out after that I
still shared my lollies with you and the
four other siblings we share but I guess
for the five of y'all still share a
whole portion of my life one wouldn't
even care so you see I've dedicated a
whole hands for the five of you a finger
for each to wipe your damp eyes but you
get to have my index finger so when
people so when people ask how I look up
to a component you little me remember
your first day at school mum tied your
hair so tight you began to cry I looked
at your big cheeks wanting to make you
smile so i could see those bright eyes
but sis despite our differences we are
alike you see in my darkness you are my
life little me I know I get busy but
please I beg you remember you are the
center of my life for you I would drop
it all never will I miss your call I
still remember the job you didn't get
because of the scarf I cried for you
that night but the next morning you will
work looking more confident and sharp
because it's the two threads of hope and
faith preciously webbing around your
head it is that fabric the
representation of your identity which
has been misread but like they say when
sister stand shoulder to shoulder
nothing can stand in their way
excuse us while we take a step forward
hand in hand because although that they
will lose a trail of questioning
confusion it is a cover over our is
blocking out the persecution and
although I believe you are no need of
any Hills to elevate you and that we may
not with and that we may wear different
types of shoes others will still have to
put a feat in each one to understand the
path we've walked through thank you
