next poets mohammed abdullah
in life too many decisions not enough
time to decide if I hand you a
dictionary and now ask you to find the
divine can you define the divine imagine
eating pancakes on pebbles too little
too late I advisor and in the end of it
all we're still tomtop we still find
time to fight and on these pancakes all
night will die until the peaceful chirps
meet with hell's fiery sunshine and
we've got a cocktail of contrast for
breakfast with a hint of lime drink it
all to that teeth rot or two of feeling
fine as we see here trying to fight fire
with crying maybe we're build enough
tears to put our Hills flames or maybe
we'll John in the process of who we
became maybe the ground will soak up the
cries informants lakes or maybe the
rivers or oceans returning our pointless
complaints in unstoppable waves no love
isn't meant to be this created
battlefield you had no business in these
wars of yours it poured from solid
chests heart or not born soldiers now
they all want to be worker ants and
while we're on the topic I said love not
sex a zip up your pants you're degrading
a name lowering the classes the same
Billy Madison and how come love such a
head of feeling I'm beginning to hate
the comparison something wonderful we're
throwing all the way too beautiful to
let us sleep to dream of it when we're
awake and some might say that it froze
their hearts others that it melted their
souls and inside that something's
butterflies flutter by and in their
minds volcanoes erupted gold diamonds
fell from the heavens and left prints in
the skies the same shines and twinkles
which sparkle in our eyes at night yes
everything becomes that much more
beautiful when you love it we begin to
see with our hearts and feel with our
spirit the sound of family is loud now
can you hear it it's my background music
theme song does it seem wrong when these
Tunes in words emerges one and spell a
love potion for the people we've become
it makes me mum weak at the knees and
gently shaking hands shifting sands
between my sweaty palms each grains of
all were light in my arms I lift my
spirits high like the stomach can have
it at butterfly can you picture it all
the way their wings flap and the way the
sand all my way the body in the way love
makes me strong strongly walking to the
beat of my beat this lovely thing song
you can see it now so be it now be
lovely
and love is like live but less of an eye
and more surprise like their own let
this love take control play this world
like it's a favorite children's toy
differences between us being the
battleships ready to deploy and this
wonderful thing called love or working
and ready to employ and it's nothing of
a burden no it's nothing of a pain
though it's nothing of a game but it is
something to enjoy so enjoy
