today Vanessa do you remember what it
was like before before all this blood
was spilt on your soil before these
ghosts took up residence in your fields
do you remember what it was like when
you were just a home and not a graveyard
for evidence itself I know I have no
right no claim to these bodies that lay
buried in your arms but somehow I feel I
am still grieving I have seen the Box
the memorials that lay scattered across
your country there are too many names
and too many name left dear so that
binax up you remind me of everything
that can go wrong in this world there is
a reason we say never forget why every
year we remind the world again what they
have done warn them again what they can
do but I hear your story repeated over
and over the same narrative the same
ugly hatred deer stranded in it sir I'm
sorry we didn't learn from you
I promise I am trying to make sense of
it but the world doesn't want to listen
deals for evident itself they keep
finding new bodies stacked upon each
other and hidden beneath your earth they
are
out of mains to give them but I guess
the world thinks they never had names to
begin with dear Sorrell Bennett's are
the men who led your attack was finally
found guilty but it took 22 years and
the people who destroyed you still own
your land I promise I will never forget
I promise I will not stop trying
dearest rebel in itself they say the
Panama is mightier than the sword but
the world actions have done so much my
words mean
