I am NOT a mountain instead my strength
Epis and flows like the valley around
see these tides how we caught just hiked
to the Verizon curled detachment issues
and lingered it stopped and the rocks
the block it's a look how her beauty
hides her true depth look how she tempts
you the end time knowing you will sink
in her there is great power in figuring
out your were choosing that which enter
then that which leaves I venus flytraps
know there were venus flytraps remind me
of mothers and how might you say there's
a credible spy remind you of a mother
well venus flytraps of the giving
protective instinct will see with an
insect falls along her pine has this
mother passed out leash her talons ever
straight forward but instead she
masochist and tender loving and
forgiving grants home sugar a second
child twenty second gap before she
decides to strike again make her meal
and later bed this vacant child see is
not mercy this second chance is stopped
preservation venus flytraps to not waste
their time consuming insects with no
nutritional value see she will not waste
her time on you if you are not worthy of
her womb venus flytraps believe me in
digestion after five more insects in you
in her guarantee a being worthy of her
dignity but I unlike Venus flytrap will
consume you even though you are not
worthy be the valley not the man said to
be the lighthouse not the cz I would let
you walk all over me to get to your
destination and that is where my
strength lies I will guide you out of me
even when you don't want to leave
