here's the mirror no one to take the
blame from presidents apprentice CEO I
wanna drop any names but I'm sick of
blood game so I'll give you a clue so
you only expect that gadget when I'm
searching for clues my trench coat
writing those cocktails on their tails
forbearing creeper trainers like a
geologist digging through the dirt I
found them at rock bottom most claim to
the sacred soil invading Palestinian
land in which they've toiled with heart
and hand it didn't exist in history
check your drug before you better yet
you're not on the same level for UNC on
here check that the POG raphy backed by
the white house remember y'all mix it
around but will it be immensely aroused
by chaos occupation and genocides those
it's benefiting your side and not being
in suppression your picture and cry if
that means peace why would you find a
piece together why the Pentagon has five
sides missing it's six cents to three
lines that are worn anything the mo
create peace more concerned with the
shapes of their buildings and the
colored people inside them then the
shape they leave countries in after
topping them but for you I guess it's
pretty sweet sitting in your
Presidential Suite
fade up sipping kombucha water in August
become blood shocked answer Palestinian
civilians wiping out women men and
children they're a threat to you it's
not a game of rock-paper-scissors but
more like rocks where's bombs and
bullets so cyclical good job I'll tell
you what you're backing off you're not
long ago I watched a video of you
boiling the guts out of innocent kids
familiar faces from bonds that fresh
there are so many names to mention but
I'll never be nameless
the media shameless distracting the
world lets us all celebrity readers
while allows of the innocent are being
rid of the clip I'm sheltered from bum
Jo's not knowing when they might die but
they never cystic figure in control
playing Russian roulette with people's
lives
take a tip from the Russians and like
blood putting effort into your people
not gamble with their lives
I can take political boys wanna make
your country great again because we were
the gravity of the situation when what
is hit the floor with the humanity
humanity and alienation not owing anyone
anything there's more than place the
pipe of failure is bloodless with pipe
bombs thinking if some rocks baby by RDF
sniper well there's some Hangul in the
back of the head setting freaking
singing children or as that man is shot
in the chest trading innocent civilians
we know the real criminals the death
bait animals trading the innocent life
laughs our consecration shape between a
human and carcass having them corner
tortured and slaughtered for family and
intellectual classes just bodies left us
corpses it's a great encounter on a
latest on almost a Nevada sense all we
must bury not even laid to rest in the
cemetery
voices came to stadiums but cannot
travel through ground
so if voices are heard through Austin
every stage podium and protest then what
you're not given you're playing an
Indian main game answering the shooter
call of duty causing chaos instead of
adversely insisting we can kill people
where you can't kill my dear so even if
it's a bullet to the brain can still
create change makeups together break the
chain and change minds and revolutionize
because the greatest revolutionists
didn't need money weapons they just
needed their voices minds at a mic
that's when you realize when quiet
encouraged Trump's bigotry your trump
card is useless Palestine has not been
the same since World War two but one day
Palestinians left in the land others the
homeports tree
