this is a lot cooler than your line
probably you nitro graffiti are sitting
there um it's a poem called a love poem
cold I tolerate you also I have a
memorize I tolerate I tolerate the hell
out I'm all up in your space not giving
to flying fluffs not eating this maxi
bond cuz I'm too busy tolerating the
 out
but I think it's too soon to say love I
like you not as much as a maxi bond but
maybe as much as a chicken nugget yeah I
like you like a chicken nugget I like
you like a chicken nugget made from all
the ground up punchlines from our
childhood no one's going that we might
check I'm not sure I like you like a
Californian teenager likes the like like
and I like you like a simile I miss you
like the desert rain nothing it's not
alive why would it miss anything I miss
you like our unhappily married teacher
mrs. her miss
the best line the whole thing and it
just ends with this low jerks not that
much I really want to have sex
