humming hey my grandmother
sits us in her lap it is an ancient
ocean of shortcomings and shrapnel her
voice writes the end
she teaches us that in Arabic if you
wish to know the place of something you
say it is the elbe the elderflower in
Arabic the word revolution is
underpinned by an ethereal female spirit
our grandmother says to know this is
important for in the heart of revolution
there is a win this wind is the breath
of our mothers our mothers who carried
us through many diasporas held our hands
through many a man's war sheltered us
from storms of silence our mothers who
traipsed foreign waves dragging feet
through curious alphabets sewing and
unstitching mouths of protest our
mothers constricted with longing bound
up in dreams of mounting the milky way
and using the mouth for more than prayer
as men followed colonies on their skins
invading bursts
Sol's our mothers were on their darkest
days still tangerine moons still a
little bit more like alphas in their own
right have already carved the path up
with their ribs and laid their bones to
light the way we were born swollen with
their ambition we cannot possibly
swallow injustice anymore so we will
fight we'll fight like Rosa
we will fight like Malala we will fight
like Angela
we will fight my Clementine we will
fight like yes me we will fight like a
mother sport voices blooming with truth
and rage throat is a Glock cocked and
ready to be waged we have always been
ready so here the hymns of our hips hear
the hymns of our haunted hear us in the
heart of the open plains in the heart of
every classroom every hall every space
every stage will be met the stories of
our mothers and how they inherited in us
the winds of revolution
