in the summer holidays earlier this year
Ramona and I painted my bedroom green
and pink while listening to the
saturation trilogy by Brockhampton
talking about how there are 1000
different words for a man how you're old
enough now to watch our fathers where
every single one of them when I'm told
to write about important things I write
about afternoons like this because
like this doesn't really happen anymore
we don't sit ourselves into stillness
cross-legged in the rooms where we
discovered our bodies for the first time
the weeping rooms the horn within a home
and painted and colors thoughts so ugly
together it made your eyes hurt like the
Sun young girls not worship to the voice
of the gay black man on the folding long
and slow begins and we don't always
discuss in what ways we have flowers
that are not yet stopped blooming and
the time the older it goes told us all
these boys won't have you on a leash we
told them we done we've been raised by
men too and what is it about a teenage
girl's bedroom that becomes a safe haven
when the teenage girl arrives sometimes
everything that is being left aside
during dinners and in classrooms spills
onto this hardwood floor and we allow
ourselves to bathe in it and then all
the clouds aligned to say this this okay
and the Lord said people will be lovers
of self lovers of money disobedient to
their parents ungrateful unholy without
self-control not looking good reckless
swollen with conceit lovers of pleasure
rather than lovers of god having the
appearance of godliness but denying its
power in words that avoid sidestep criss
cross section 4 and what I'm saying is I
don't even know if that's possible is it
no good to want good for yourself it's a
really retaliation if you look into a
mirror and not see a thing if some girl
suburbs pushes her fat face into the
digital sphere and the glowing phone
screen over and over again until there's
no recognizable difference between
self-love and narcissism am I allowed to
like the image and I contribute to
someone else's trouble on the category
that social platform hands to us can I
validate she can both be proud and
breathe easy and often is this worthy of
your help
is this rebellion to higher being
setting up torch land rise of pitch
breakfast and hermanos did I even
mention the weeping did we talk about
how those entire ocean outside this
Beijing just waiting to be song
