this is a piece that's actually
dedicated to my boss
so his Sherman his surname is short as
hecho RT so it's very short surname but
it's also the word shop
it is very tall man which i think is
interesting i also dedicate this to him
because he works with young people and i
work with young people and he treats
every single one of them with the
respect that they deserve and I respect
that in today so this is dedicated to
him there's a man I know who isn't good
with words he spins them in oil when
threatened with copper stirs them was
too much salt when he writes them they
shield the page when he shares them they
stain his hands when he passes them he
looks down as if his feet could turn mop
or in two syllables tap tap tap tap
when he asked for them they knock on his
window begging to be let in when he
hides them they show through his jeans
but when you give him words spin them
hide them share them pass them he holds
them like little sapphires as if he
could make jewelry out of all the things
you didn't know how to say there's a man
I never would listens the way he
breathes deeply slowly as if your words
were the rise and fall of his chest as
he could take them and warm his hands on
it every
you were too proud to say as a man I
know who holds be the way some men hold
children because if it's too small
there's a man who knows who is
definitely not a hugger who doesn't need
to rob who laughs like a Dirks we
invented just to make him laugh who has
only never hugged me once like I was one
of joy and filled to bursting in his
arms who has only ever said once in
his life every single day in all at
every word he gets given help given time
given more there's a man I know and he's
ain't arrogated self-contained
conflicted but with a model and
character there's a man I know that who
has perfect handwriting be in perfect
hands who writes all in caps but never
screams there's a man I know who is a
contradiction for sure heavy like old
young open closed as a man I don't know
who sits right across one is a
disjointed letter you've been out of
shape and me been back into one who is a
poem out of water his words on a page is
the most beautiful thing God knew how to
make when he asked him to make us better
I met this man who holds silence like a
long enough keep saying in his back
pocket takes it out whenever someone
isn't being heard and folds out over
them like it's their own
moment that you'll share with them but
only if they ask and then he does
silently and quietly and they wonder how
he got so good with words
