any harsh own and right now the Pacific
Islands are disappearing hmm because
they're sinking underwater due to
climate change and it breaks my fucking
heart that all the people who are
responsible for it a living comfortably
they don't give a fuck well my people my
mother's people are losing the land
beneath their feet so this one's for
Mother Earth in regards to that round
I wake up to warm kisses gently
caressing my thighs her light
infiltrates my room kisses on my chest
my neck my eyes I am summoned into
existence by soft songs soothing sighs
gentle sounds stimulate my senses into
blissful scenes I slowly rise I sit
surrounded by the seeds of her womb
succulent delicacies I ravish ripen
pleasantries nourishing my entity this
is everything I could possibly need
I am lured to her liquid heaven cascades
down my spine gentle drops play upon my
forehead she envelops me currents
replenishing swish swirling sifting
through sores healing wounds embedded in
I am renewed I am reborn
mother you have gifted me life from the
blood in your veins scraped your stomach
to give me sight built my beating heart
with the remains Gaia you gave me parts
of you that were not mine to take but
still I burnt you nailed you to the
stake
still I hurt you pushed you to your
knees held your throat in my hand
as usual you complied still I did demand
I watched you as you grew weak sickness
infiltrating your paws the oceans wet
sinking Islands clouds gathered starting
Wars the ancestors raged casting plagues
upon the land consumed by greed I did
not meet the warning pretending I did
not understand
i watch to cry i watch to break i watch
to shrink
I watched you empty now I fear instead
of an apology I must deliver your you
