signs you've stopped believing in magic
when the stars are no longer reason
enough to look up anymore they're
nothing but a glimpse into the past of
what was an eternal fallacy with a
mortal life cycle just like you when the
rain is no longer a Music Box melody
soothing you to sleep but a cacophonous
preview of your own drowning and having
an excellent memory no longer warrants
bragging rights but an insomniac
haunting of every moment of ammunition
you use against yourself when seashells
on the shoreline are no longer a
collection game of childlike innocence
but each gorgeously jagged blade cutting
into you and expecting yourself to walk
on like you want living blood in your
trails when the sunrise and sunset are
no longer God calling to you every day
but reminders of your failure to rise to
to greet the day with the same courtesy
it pays you to you they're just
timestamps of a continued mediocrity of
unashamed privilege and obligatory
existence that you never asked to have
no one asked for your permission to be
born it wasn't your choice to join this
Armour walk around with scar tissue skin
the walking embodiment of a lacking in
propriety you don't feel at home in your
own body and you learn that you can
guard yourself against everything but
yourself
standing tall becomes an act of bravery
because you become terrified of heights
you become one of those people who
demand to be heard with nothing worth
listening to
trying to glorify and romanticize the
panic that is more like a debt you are
forced to keep living you become
trampled arid earth extinguished flames
ashes of an existence no magic carpet
ride could save you from these Arabian
Nights and desert storms and your lips
become earthquake tremor lives of just
how fine you were doing I am fine lies
because loose strands these things and
shards that remain say otherwise being
asked if you are ok becomes a chokehold
grip what I mean to say is I can't
breathe and I
don't want to what I mean to say is I am
a trigger warning walking with an
uncertain heartbeat chanting that it's
okay not to be okay it's okay not to be
okay it's okay not to be okay I am NOT
okay that just because it is a cliche
does a mean isn't real and when eyes of
comforting warmth not from concern to
awkward condescension and I disingenuous
stammers of extroverted
conversationalist reassurance that the
red flags are just false alarms and
everything is fine
