I've always wanted to be good at
crosswords I've always been good at
crosswords but I still haven't figured
it out flip to the middle of the paper
scratch the pen furiously on the page
until the ink starts to flow okay let's
do this one down five letters something
a day keeps the doctor away I'm Ian
lemon mango guava tree okay I've got
this easy 64 down ten letters the
conventional spelling system of a
language over here 17 across seven
letters a evening language with an
unsanctioned orthography Arabic French
or the punjabi in English 78 down nine
letters the place was supposed to call
home but it'll never be
Who am I kidding we haven't got this so
this would be ironic that I use English
as my mo and mo they say the pen is
mightier than the sword I've been
writing with red pencil so what do I do
when they turn those swords into LED
bullets and minutes have become my new
trying to cap the amount of times I've
been told
excuse me can you repeat but and T's and
T and T's can no longer to do they can
no longer tear through the rough
exterior of those who simply don't want
to listen I've read but not enough to
read friendly faces out of a crowd of
disgust 78 downloads begins with a and
ends we can get back to it
connectives have caused disconnect we
will always come before but spoken on
for and about by never to and we will
always be translated as and us and when
they talk about us there from there but
not over here so they speak differently
I before E except for when they look at
foreign neighbors weirdly 78 is a
continent and a country we'll get back
to it we've become content with the
content of our simple life convicted for
being victims of crimes I'm contracts to
contract good day together Holocaust
into bangers and mash
foreign taste
familiar tastes leaving a bitter
aftertaste on your tongue wash it out to
wear washed l78 down my letters
everyone's land that became no man we'll
get back to it so even though we're
tough and pulling through rough edges
never so smooth thoughts find themselves
suffocating at words suffocated by
sentences perplexed by paragraphs so
much so that sounds of home begins to
sound foreign assalamu alaikum peace be
upon you has turned into a quarter arms
y alaikum Salam and to you as well
has become the final goodbye 32 across
seven letters tear the pages out of your
abandon 17 across ten letters assimilate
78 down nine letters the place we're
supposed to call home buddy to never be
