inspiring prison I'm an actor and I work
on camera and they say isn't it
nerve-wracking to be working on camera
and it's like I think it's the water of
rapidly up he boasts you guys you guys
are strong as well the girls are
specially I think that I want you to guy
I want you guys to know that guys also
have and get broken parts - so these
ones called Berlin plates
by saying what he said instead trying to
make me hate you you didn't think that
it would plant a seed leaving me to feel
dead any other brother would turn a
drink red to forget all the that's
burning through his head now
that's a loss of virtue I just write and
you also have a need you what we think
this song is about you I'm gonna sit
here we go around to but from the
beginning of bounty as if I found truth
but I doubt you even got the courage to
pull through pick up the pieces our next
leader for round two make it real where
I'm actually around you when you
surround me one in the girl for round
three that's a challenge because somehow
we managed to run back chasing the Sun
causing some damage something keeps
making us turn back I know you felt it
when you heard that and yeah this is
probably way past my third rap but I'm
trying to speak to you through these
poetry longing for the day where you'll
be holding me but I'm finding us fight
even though you won't be there to
encourage me see I'm just a soldier
missed battlefield and the young coming
for me the enemy be the way that I feel
and I'll face them I'll cut him down
with my soul the stress the misery
depression because on my side I've got
the Lord
summer summer summer saga don't forget
that I love you you're my sister I'm
your brother
I think don't want forever talking about
this like it's an issue but the one
single staff is gonna miss you
you can't fix it once he breaks say
sorry is it still burning yes okay but
what's better that we don't make even
more space I think we should do like the
grips and don't break even more plates
more of more pieces as we celebrate your
voice is the one even when it's an
earache it's you that I want and that's
not for fear safe I come to you but
that's not because of these
I wouldn't even be texting you if it was
a 50-state
