match day is here
scars Rabbinate a weekly combination
this is the biggest test
I see you've read wonders its way down
life singing you'll never walk alone the
raw a divine liar
the tests are thickened they conspire
and narrow passages opening why the
green of the pitch sharp on the eyes
Uncle Billy's got a pine in his head
he's promising reprise the team emerges
for me from an autonomous Dean inhales
the opponent the enemy resolved to jeers
and wet their whistle water the marshal
against tearing the fruits of the past
the hopes of wind and all the Sun 40
minutes in we've got a flying - I
stopped the chip a quick Rica and the
border lipstick though that ripples my
hands in my hair I feel really sick more
running and shouting the team in the red
has saved my building five minutes left
they still ahead the whistle blows the
rest here old man Billy's got a tear
one-nil up the team in red we're gonna
win the lead and I'll see you next week
if you treat
