at school hi
I must not be generation who likes to
take photos of myself according to Time
magazine I'm generation me me me channel
7 says I'm young lady and driving you
all crazy
this Commonwealth of Alves renowned of
all the legs for freedom and hope all up
until you get intercepted by Border
Patrol we have more than our labels all
the boxes you can find us in Y each
moment of my education flew out of me
like pollens bursting from my calls and
planning itself along the road in my
life that Sunday take no part of that
bird looked like going back to school
with and he says such a shame slaves
were taken from Africa I say the slaves
taken where people take place when we
were young my boys and I would write the
night like subway surfers now we ride
the night rider loud and reckless on the
servants astray me are that nearly
acknowledged
original owners of the line still takes
and takes and snap to brown kids like up
today cuz I won peed on your human
rights despite your place and attempts
to fight do they claim it as their own
dis don't every one of your bones it
might be possibly have a completely
never quite enough for any of them like
to westernize to walk too much silence
too much dialogue it is never quite
knowing what you think the white
converse on tinder you talk about how
much they love dumplings hatchbacks one
night a girls night don't bleep want
gold
hashtag never going to swap in Asian guy
