I once wrote you a poem you didn't
deserve I wrote you a poem now I wish
you hadn't heard because you broke her
that poet she who loved you more than
her words and there was a time when you
and I were sublimely love when I was
captivated by even your flaws never
thinking they could have been the cause
of this mess but I'm not looking for new
applause now that we're done I'm not
taking about
I'm just rather pissed that I used so
many words yet you broke every vow you
ever made to me but that's okay
really it was silly of me to expect
sincerity so you spineless
immaturity those were my words and they
came from a place deep within a place
thick with the soul for someone whose
skin was so thin and you will never
understand what it was like to have
scratched and scribbled three drafts to
that poem while you sat there and
laughed in delight at me trying to
articulate all the ecstasy painting
providing pictures of what would become
a reckless tragedy I wrote you a poem
full of tall naivety and to be honest
why yes honesty is a thing I now believe
that I shouldn't have borne my heart on
my sleeve because it only made it easier
for you to take hold of my arm and with
the fabric to shreds now sit back and
watch me as I shed my former skin marvel
at how gracefully my suit blistered and
scarred drops to the ground as I slip
into something a bit more profound in
its protection of the shiny glass that
comprises my soul so keep watch and
behold let the beauty unfold I wrote you
a poem that I didn't think I'd regret
but I know that same poem you will never
forget and I know that from time to time
you'll find the words replaying in your
mind twist pull back and rewind some of
those memories until they are no longer
the salt in your wounds just a constant
dull ache at the back of your head but
you'll learn to love the words that you
read because the difference between us
is that I actually meant every word that
I said and yes I did lose some sleep but
I guess I'll make up for that when I'm
dead I wrote you a poem a lengthy letter
passion passion a language I realize now
was completely foreign to you which is
why you never spoke much or why I
couldn't get through but tell me now
with your little words baby boy please
do does it work you having given up for
one girl that could love you without a
single reason to I once wrote you a poem
and it was much longer than this I guess
all the love I had to give far
outweighed all of this pain but I wrote
you a poem now where my words like a
stain and I promise you this because my
promise is keep that she weren't ever
right you were poem quite like the one I
did
