I am over different people a town of no
home
I am of them but never one of them a
Klansman of no trial I beat my dumb to
their song so they hear me amicable
partake in rituals there they see me
compliance face painted smiles opposing
those threats are trusted outside always
kept at arm's length turn to for
guidance never followed being every bit
off and none know what I appear to be
confuses people it is spinning in the
face of what they know to be true a
two-dimensional back of the might
retelling of the same story it is
speaking in their language and letting
their tongue desecrating their words
being called little girl no more hard
and heavy footed said I have to make
noise everywhere I went told that I'll
never be of a people of a history
nothing but audacious shameless I am a
walking existential crisis calling
everything into question their
complacency their blind obedience
hypocritical persecution it is God
it is walking with their God with the
wrong foot forward citing their own
references and being them busted for it
they would spit at me that they don't
need my proofs taking my evidences
elsewhere they are indignant at the
Cystic of nuance a voice a platform to
speak in all shades of grey socially
constructed moral compass of both
conservatism long beans and even longer
veils told to recite my prayers at the
top of my lungs make a show that will be
unfaithful conform to their ways
dissident they'll call me disingenuous
nothing quintessential typecasting our
and confrontational tell that there is
wisdom in compromise but wisdom is born
out of patients without forsaking your
values with a bleeding town I continue
to learn to pick my battles continue to
think continue to sing baking my drum
ritualized rationalization ritualized
revolution to the favorite partake
so that they may be allocable so that
they may hear my voice and don't hear me
a little girl open their arms to the
town that I am and welcome the clansmen
of Knight Rider
