they call me they call me the good
Muslims the moderate because I'm ever so
tolerant they describe me as chill I'm
good because I condemn those who kill
because you think I'll do as you will
because I've got a poetry skill but
frankly I'm tired angry explosive in
more ways than one but not in the way
that you think so son why do you scream
for revolution and include us in none
you tell me I'm breaking stereotypes but
why do you stereotype me in the first
place you tell me that Muslim women are
silenced but all you do to ask is
silence and erase what if I tell you
that it's actually not my job to condemn
that I'm tired of this us versus them
that you think you can mold me into any
Muslim that you please transform me with
ease this hand around my throat all you
do is squeeze I'm not asking for much
all I'm asking is that you let me
breathe I am Telling You that I don't
have to explain myself and neither do
the rest especially to the very gods and
places that ruined our lands and don't
accept us in theirs the West and let me
tell you honey that you're the only
people that make this body feel
oppressed that the only thing balm about
me is apparently I could see a verses of
fire but I've seen you set us on fire
what should you let me burn everyone but
me talk well this stage this home is the
place where I'll let you know that it's
actually my turn
why have you pushed and pulled me so
often continue to prod at my flames why
haven't you told me that if I don't
actively denounce ice
then I'm automatically another one to
blame you treat me like I'm a walking
disaster never knowing when I will
explode I am no no volcano I am NOT
walking in a state of dormant terrorism
and the only reason I'm burning is
because of your racism and pressured
exhausted at your brand of liberalism
that yes I am radical but only because I
can't believe that I have to fight for
my right to exist yes I am radical but
only because I refuse to apoligize of a
 I haven't done I am radical because
I am done why do I walk in public scared
of you but you walk in public scared of
me there's only one Muslim to every
fifty two or three I'm not here to tell
you that I'm human too you should know
that by now but rather to tell you that
these conversations not one I will ever
allow so when you call me the good
Muslim the moderate just know that for
your dumbass labels I won't ever be
tolerant
