I'm performing tonight I don't get to
perform all the time those who frequent
the fam would know that I mostly just
host but I wrote a new piece last week
yes totally new very fresh yet really
excited to perform it so if they don't
forget to click that it's better give me
ten once you my mother is not oppressed
my mother's cooking is those finesse I
wanna hashtag blessed my mama's never
stressed she just says I'm not trying to
plant weeds in my own garden so she
tends to us 8 kids in every day we bloom
my mother is not oppressed she said yes
to my dad at 18 because she wanted to
escape the unrest owned by the West in
his eyes she saw all the things that
occupiers promised freedom happiness he
they've lived together for 26 years with
relative ease and it's not perfect I
mean she's addicted to eBay and he plays
too many video games I know at his age
but my mother is not oppressed every now
and then she has a cute little poster he
finds on Facebook like impossible spells
I'm possible and mamillus it's honesty
daily pun intended so I believe her when
she says I'm possible and with fire
poised upon my Cupid's bow I repeat I am
possible and it's possible that you may
think my mother the press because she
wears a headdress and it's possible that
you may think that I'm the press because
I were a headdress but we've done this
burden of our own volition the good arm
does not advocate for the beating of
women but for me to explain you have to
listen without facilitating too much you
have to realize that the problem is in
the translation for the word da da ba
appears in the Quran at least 10
different times with at least 10
different meanings but tell me who
translates the Quran oh yes
men see we're fighting the same enemy
whether its name is religion or
capitalism it's the patriarchy so you
can keep on writing your clickbait
articles and taking courses in
fear-mongering at uni but when I tell
you that my mother is not oppressed
believe me when I say because she's too
busy cooking food with finesse and beans
