and if I ever fall in love I will be
sure that the ladies and Andy fire ever
falls in love so true I will be sure
that the ladies just like you a letter
to my paw so why the fuck are you still
the nice guy why is it that when a girl
comes into your life - you try and try
and try and try to make them see that
you are the light to the darkness in
their life when all they see is a candle
that's gone out I get it you're a
hopeless romantic backtrack I get it
you're a hopeful romantic but heed my
words be led the pursuit of happiness
will make you unhappy but my words won't
get through because the bubble that
surrounds you is so thick that you can't
hear the time tick-tock away while you
sit there in a daze until that one day
when the wall comes crashing down and
you stand up on your two feet but your
mind is already six feet deep and you
try and call out but you're so far down
nothing to grab on to except for the
fake reasons to why the anger consumes
you far from the reality of why those
reasons are the reason you fall into
abyss always wanting to care you try and
be hero but you're the one who needs to
be saved
age of 26 and all I see is zero times
things have gone your way the day that
you realized you're too good for the bad
girls and you too bad for the good girls
you too easton for the west and you
through western for the AC - arab for
the africans and to African for Arabs
you watch baked in your heartburn run
aha not enough hi and your fucking faith
that's the day you realize the man you
are not the man you think you should
become because the man you think you
should become never ends up being the
right one might still be you still open
up the car door still tell her that
she's beautiful still tell her that her
jokes are wack because let's be honest a
joke a fucking wack but those were the
moments that you made you play back her
voice over and over again made you smile
at every moment you press send made you
laugh to the extent that you were
probably going to die but you couldn't
care less because you would rather
rather laugh than cry it'll help her
while she chooses outfits because you'll
be amazed every single time like a magic
show being possible becoming possible
right before your eyes you'll ask all
the questions about her life and dive
deeper into their mind because even
you'd be amazed and have any diamonds
you'd find thank you
