I need to breathe to say I have to imply
as an external force of pressure to
conform to say that I want to implies
that this that it is a desire I can do
without to say that I need to is to say
that without this I cannot survive to
say that I need to is to say that this
is an inherent instinct I cannot control
but to succumb to I need to breathe to
stay alive I need food to sustain my
body I need shelter to protect me from
environmental elements I need to speak I
- right I need the weaponry of words in
any language understandable to protect
myself language we need language we need
history the history of words that form
language is called its etymology its
etymology is - no origin of words the
origin of the word original comes from
the Latin or ear you which is to rise
which is to say etymologies to know how
our words have risen the origin of the
word risen comes from the germanic
respond which is to make an attack which
is to say etymology is to know how our
word is can't attack which is to say our
words can attack I guess that's why I
say the pen is mightier than the sword
total cliche I know the origin of the
word cliche comes from the French
glacier which means stereotype a worn
out expression it has become ineffective
through overuse which is to say I can be
a worn out expression ineffective to
overuse typecast me and on line longer
meet a theme fade into the abyss of
overused misused words the origin of the
word of this comes from the Greek
which means the original chaos which is
to say I can be original chaos chaotic
inspiration in the origin of the word
inspired rose from the body in spring
which is to breathe upon which is to say
I need to breathe words bringing me to
life language is divine guidance the
origin of the word - bian comes from the
Latin Divis meaning godlike which is to
say language is a God like breath and
when every word I
