how do politicians make love do they run
on fossil fuels and pucker out after
just one bout do they try to impede on
your human rights despite your plights
and attempt to fight do they claim you
as their own and its own every one of
your bones that symbolize any past
inhabitants do they create a day to
commemorate your wasted innocent today
your borders across your skin a blanket
to wrap themselves in when your voters
are wearing thin do they turn your body
into a bill one that lets them do as
they will did you have to show you birth
certificate at the door pass the
citizenship test or get royal assent
before you score do they smile as they
lead you to the bed mouth a jagged
valley of tombstones for the dead does
darkness filled them with dread remind
them of all the families the ocean they
kept fed how do politicians make love do
they make a speech about independence
before the in the pants dance talk dirty
about state sovereignty or the country's
robbery are they little with their
bedroom rituals making what's
instinctual habitual do they sleep with
regret beneath the weight of the
nation's going dead are they patriotic
in the sheets sailing in like the first
fleet are they kinda in defeat do they
go downtown in the lower house today
have to hide you from their spouse how
do politicians make love do they pretend
you're the opposition and bend you over
an or position are they masochist making
cuts like the coalition taking over of
their own volition did I have an agenda
when they said Ducie was the size of
their political reach fake news did you
have to show them some moves out of wait
wait wait wait did our politicians
invent to see or did it make them our
leaders from the refugee crisis and
blaming everything on Isis
dehumanization of our first nation
indigenous and voting in one nation
belligerence forced assimilation and
mass
observation offshore detention centers
and dirty party senators 1% of tax
breaks and excuses that a heartbeat
fracking internet hacking police
tracking even cutting penalty rates and
enforcing this tralian way of life mate
the list goes on so I wouldn't call it
making love but we already know how
they're doing it because they're already
