when I am branded little girl I am all
soft touch and smooth skin I am low tide
I am not to be feared I am pale coloring
and unrecognizable sound I am not to be
heard I am to be seen to be glazed over
by eyes that don't know my middle name
my job my favorite color that maybe it
is pink that I'm allowed to like pink
eye I'm always checking for approval I
am always sorry I know how to stay in my
place little girl do not forget your
manners always equipped with apologies I
do not question keep my mouth shut stand
behind a boy a little girl do not forget
your apologies little girl never let
them see your hands tremble tell them it
is the earth moving under your might
tell them it is raining in your tear
ducts tell them it is a storm coming
when you are around there is always a
storm coming when you are around little
girl can't you hear the storm coming
little girl it has always low tide until
the storm rears its ugly face you don't
have an ugly face little girl paints the
sky red painted the color she went from
looking inside of her own body the place
they told her not to look little girl is
her own body I am my own body I am loud
my sound is recognized ice cream when I
need you my voice is a hurricane in the
teller the hallway my storm is always
coming my storm in the body of water I
am I will be a body of water at high
tide little girl this is where you
become woman little girl never
apologized for the presence you are
entitled to hold little girl hold it
tighter
