this was written after a series like a
week of conversations and incidents I
hope so
a series of letters I've been meaning to
send dear curious white people
I may be friendly or smiles and I am
certainly open to your ignorant
questions but personal space is still a
thing do not touch my hair job
takes effort on behalf of all hijabis
yes it does get hot in this it is 30
damn degrees and thank you for
complimenting my color coordination
validating me is one of the good ones
based on my aesthetics I do not
appreciate becoming the sounding board
for your criticism of those that don't
quite fit the moderate criteria dear
feminists I am one of you so back off
stop lobbying for women's right to
choose than questioning their choice the
same they're not the same as your
choices therefore they are not they're
the wrong choices stop denying white
feminism whilst your suffragettes were
out throwing themselves in front of
Kings horses for their right to vote
your sisters of color were being written
out of history books aiding your men in
monumental achievements raising your
children and cleaning your toilet so
that their children didn't have to don't
tread on other minorities in the hopes
that you've climbed high enough for the
majority to see you
minorities become the majority when they
help each other up don't tell me you
were glad to see me marching beside you
fist in air like these issues don't
affect me like I am here to support you
and your struggles but am I not also a
woman like my faith cancels the fact
that my great ancestors birthed the
revolution you seek like I am to
minority to wage war against the
patriarchy dear misogynists of all
faiths and ethnicities
I am still human don't scowl when I tell
you I am a feminist it does not mean I
burn my brows and practice misandry get
over yourselves don't tell me you
believe in equality and then the same
breath told me you fee for my safety
explaining that I as a woman have more
to lose
irony should be your middle name and
congratulations you've managed to come
and deal one of the few systemic
institutions that transcends religion
and ethnicity I will not tell you to
picture someone hitting on your sister
the way you hit on me degrading and
illegitimate in your mother the way you
do me I will not associate myself with a
male just a reason with you to respect
me it is not a negotiation dear Mom and
Dad I stopped being your reflection in
the moment I started forming my own
opinions stop shoving me in front of a
glass panel telling me to see your
values as my own stop hoping I'll
magically become a product of your
environment
parental manipulation wears off more and
more with unanswered questions please
recognize that while you grasp onto the
familiar
I'm busy touching my head job out of the
hands of the ignorant trying to
internalize trying not to internalize
inferiority in incompatibility
humanizing myself to birth your
community and broader society explaining
to feminists and misogynist alike that
being but a practicing Muslim woman and
a feminist is not a contradiction mum
this is hard Fame birth an insider
and an outsider whilst being an outsider
and an insider whilst being none of and
everything of what I appeared to be and
I won't apologize for it because I'm
busy not apologizing to them
