if you're one of my students make some
noise awesome yeah I'm just gonna go
home I've never been able to pick out
the constellations for me a group of
fish is a school of cows are heard more
than a cup of water is a pool butt of
every constellation I've ever heard it's
just that a group of stars if you ask me
about Orion's belt I'd ask you where the
buckle is point out the Big Dipper and
you just make me hungry ask me which way
is north and I point whichever direction
felt colder lately every direction feels
colder
maybe North is a place another direction
when I was younger I had the best sense
of direction in stores I would run off
between the aisles vandana blindfold
imagining I was a pirate in the came and
Isles I would try and find my way find
what was waving what was in store in
stores I would run off between the ayah
was imagining away the miles and miles
between me and the Stars I never needed
the Stars to know which way was up I was
always on my way growing taller standing
still grabbing the tiller of my
eight-year-old ship and sailing north
you we I never needed a sense of
direction if I was always where I needed
to be I have never been able to pick out
the constellations the older I get the
more this old wood sets sail so before
that last nail gets set in this ship and
before this hip gives out before the
night winds out before I sight land and
shout home I try to take the time alone
to sign the Stars
cut off its head then two more will take
its place sounds a hell of a lot like
the problems we face I guess it's no
coincidence that it's the largest modern
constellation where now every modern
conversation starts with how much can
you when can you
what do you do for me
Gemini the twins protector of sailors my
sign but this isn't an astronomy lesson
and it's hopefully more fun than of a
botany session I am NOT a university
lecturer I am a poet
I am the universe lecturer I am NOT a
sailor I am a pirate stealing your sense
of direction giving it back to you
showing you you are exactly where you
are meant to be I am eight years old
lost in the Cayman Islands looking up at
the stars
