me I'm not a strong man I met the
strongest man in the world when I was 8
years old he lifted me on his arm and
when I asked him how he did it he said
it was easy that I hardly weighed a
thing at all
now how could I make him saw when he was
so big and I stood near him and looked
so small see me I'm not a strong man no
I met the strongest man in the world
when I was less than a minute old and he
didn't hold me then didn't parade in the
long line of men in my life who would
tell me when my wife showed me attitude
that it was because of my failing as a
husband those marching men flailing and
stunted freighting that having a soften
heart would mean having a softened chest
but the strongest man in the world
he taught me best taught me ignored the
rest and bore the zest out of life with
your wife and take a carving knife to
the modern model manly man sing me I'm
not a strong man no I met the strongest
man in the world when I was less than a
minute old and he didn't hold me then
but he held my mum when she held me in
just us 3 felt lucky as could be when
later I asked him how he did it he said
it was easy that we hardly weighed a
thing at all my father is not really a
tall man but he could draw you a floor
plan to the house he built his children
knows it like the back of his hand knows
each room and where he would build them
it's a here I put the sunroom for you
kids to play and if I could I'd pull the
Sun and Moon down every day so you could
all say look how strong my dad is my
father is the kindest man in the world
he would say he had put the kitchen and
I build all the cupboards at waist
height
because you were all raised right by a
raised high I think your mum might have
a hard time reaching but I'd build her
that kitchen so you could all never
forget to mention look how strong my dad
is my father is the kindest man in the
world he would say here I put the garden
and I could sit and watch from the yard
when your mum's green thumb makes me
numb makes everyone else's green thumb
same dumb I'd build her a god and I'd
sit there guarding every little thing
she grew because she went and grew each
and every one of you my father is the
strongest man in the world and for me
strength is the hardest word in the
world to define because look it up and
there you'll find the quality or state
of being physically strong I met the
strongest man in the world today I asked
him how his morning was and he said that
the cold makes his bones ache but he
never moans awake when he goes to take
my little sister to school so when she
gets there she can say I met the
strongest man in the world today but
what she'll really say is I met the
kindest man in the world today I met the
gentlest man in the world today I'm at
the most respectful man in the world
today I got dropped off why am i dad
today
just really quickly I wanted to say how
proud I am of every single one of the
students that came up and performed and
you know how every time a name would get
called you'd hear like this really loud
screech that was me and my voice is gone
so I'm glad that pom didn't go too badly
um I know how you say how when you have
really good teachers they inspire you
and they make you want to do better but
every single one of my students and this
is - every single one of you you guys
inspire me and you make me want to do
better and you make me a better person
so thank you so much
