came all the way from the Central
Coast's Inayat so I've been meaning to
come up here and check you guys out for
a long time in a place called Gosford we
have an iPod speaker and I perform there
on a regular basis and I'm not much of a
slammer yet but I'm a storyteller so I
hope you like this poem it's called
Wonder yesterday I saw what Wonder looks
like it existed in the eyes of a little
boy looking up at a tree and he said wow
this sure is bigger than you mommy
his voice sounded like flint hitting a
stone and he sparks made me believe him
in each day I walk past that tree but
for the first time I looked at it ponder
a world of childlike wonder where we
didn't get lost in mindless daggers
moving through motions walking without
conviction speaking with our passion to
afraid to feel afraid or feel anything
really going from point A to point B or
poets who spoken more than a bee or a
bee wasn't anything it could sting me
but something that makes honey that
removes a product from a planet that
allows that thing to flower that we
didn't see the pain of one side but we
saw the sweetness and the beauty of the
other that we didn't see just flora but
we saw a beautiful creation of a planet
with a heartbeat beating and bleeding
like trees the taking something we
breathe out that we can't consume and
produce something that we breathe in
that we need to live breathe take a big
breath recognize your lungs in your
chest made of bones wrapped in flesh
four layers of it intricately working
together to create an election to the
lungs so we don't bleed internally but
when we bleed externally overnight by
resting cells build up in the open air
and create a covering and fall away when
your skin is replaced that gap this is
rad get lost and over thinking about
little things like scabs get lost in
wonder because we are beautiful
we are masterpieces we are all uniquely
created with no person exactly the same
individually made with contrasting
personality we are the products of the
hands that hold the whole world it
doesn't take long to realize that we are
not accidents you are not an accident I
am NOT already
sit in I refuse to believe in I refuse
to let you think that because we were
created for purpose why would we have
stories if we weren't meant to tell them
so I'll tell them I hope I never lose my
childlike wonder I hope but don't stop
getting lost in little things like scabs
I hope I look at trees and ponder
breathing's he wonder as a perspective a
glass half-full a glass half empty or
you're either living or you're dying so
are you living why are you dying breathe
with me take a big breath
