it's loosely based of the conversation
I've had and kind of my introduction to
poetry
well somebody asked me the kind of
poetry I love the kind I beat up on well
first of all I never have it so freshmen
of solvent no unnecessary sugarcoating
it keeping me from that truthful senator
I like to cook medium red cakes of food
knives protecting brown and water one
side the stories and me the exaggeration
the dead never looking up because
they're too busy looking down and all of
their mistakes that we need to repeat
for ourselves just to be sure
it's not like genocide as new racism
it's a 2016 2004 my now you know better
than to confuse foe with friend
still I can't have a give it to me if I
shorten this so figure to no no I prefer
the lovesick romantics or feminists that
actually understand the word the ass of
spoken word
this page is big house and there are no
limitations I want it to keep me on my
toes
discussing cons and pros of life of love
and liberty and loss and languaging of
loads give it to me
laced in your secret sprinkled with your
fees but delivered on a silver lining
train as always pray for a better
tomorrow today we wouldn't have time to
waste and everything must be dealt with
hastened we do you know what we're going
to do today although even get the luxury
to choose today but no matter what the
issue are some things to say well the
world sleeps in say the disarray with
hope was hard for the condition of I
have a bow please can I say when people
are deemed illegal in the finally sent
away to places worse than their homes
built at no escaping from to enter that
unknown with praises nourishment and the
burning Sun is reassurance and though
alive not living but alive and there's
no justice even though it is known where
individuals must stay complicit or face
the wrath of spiders snakes you've
signed everyone way to death back in the
Mastretta significance still I need my
apology to come from places that their
business
that's the not ceramic module truck
we're beautiful people share with us
what makes them beautiful and that in
fact beauty does not lie on the find
increase in their cheek with a smile so
swept by with it smooth melon and less
skin with features that are mesmerizing
ingrained in the paths of everywhere
they've been but they're beautiful
because they've been beat down by past
mistakes and risen it's more than the
first to have the conversation at all
they have it those dreams have been more
than your average constellation they're
not just a bunch of startup and universe
and they're not beautiful but Beauty
itself that anti-poaching they have
homes themselves with ideas from three
like never playing lighting ignited the
poet in Missoula as last times of pain
they laid out on the stage raw and
untainted my soul to with regret made
sweet with forgiveness that stain saw
speaking slowly it's a plethora of
memories are carrying out to the open
where everyone is conscious when people
describe five it's flawless fatally even
dogs never falling in love I can tell my
future baby but it because it's a good
suit ravine they're still in love that
you can stay I take my poetry with small
monthly basis that everyone will be
thought-provoking prompts I've seen a
woman write a letter to her loveless
father a child with the imagination it's
almost tangible sentences a teen girl
fighting into abusive things and bullies
as men talk about how they can cry too
I need it with that settlement of
empathy was passionately being smothered
with anger to be protest the change in
their that no will find the stranger
make us more you're asking what kind of
poetry I like I say but you say I want a
two hundred for no reason you haven't
seen poetry from my point of view
through my eyes let me love this one
thing for now the winning prizes within
them comprise the Hurricanes in people's
lives in the raging store our us if you
claim poetry isn't great after I've seen
you what's real before
