which with the riders it's not a resting
bitch but arresting and rich with the
vocab which can switch into which we've
been symphonic hitch her brains as tight
as a button hole stage that's not my
farm psyche at the behest of a may are
downloaded this app uploaded or which he
bio an acute profile snap and it's not
to say that Tinder's crap but it can be
a trap that girls looking for a decent
normal chap so as the RSI is setting in
and my head is starting to spin at
swiping left left left at all the
troublemakers creepy aged fake is really
thick Babymakers chronic drug takers
pretty face of Liberty takers can
absolutely deal breakers I matched with
David David for teacher profile stated
Netflix and chill and I was thrilled
because I like Netflix and I can chew
now here's a guy who fits the bill but
I'm I wouldn't the truth turned out to
be a jagged little pill you see I wasn't
yet in the know the Netflix and chill is
code for let me underwhelm you with my
ugly one-eyed toad upstairs my mother's
abode instead of watching episodes of
Vikings and narcos so anyway off I go on
a date with this guy just a casual
dinner nothing seems awry in fact I was
pleasantly surprised by his ability to
identify what Frank Underwood would do
next and why and for those of you who
don't know house of cards is just one of
those shows that sucks you in with its
intrigue and tempo a perfect tableau of
casual evil and quid pro quo and a world
that you go until the blood in your legs
see flow
so Brian bye we finish our meal and
knowing my Achilles heel he makes the
charming appeal that I watched some
episodes with him to see what the plot
would reveal but our next date consisted
of his read at which I had first
politely resisted before getting pissed
off and twisted and him getting
blacklisted and and I just left
unassisted and deleted that lose it like
he never existed well that was quite an
education tinder is not for love but
recreation it's a first info so fast
food flirtation that reads a
single-minded desperation
so either you lower your expectations or
you delete the app to avoid frustration
and limit your communication to living
breathing human beings who truly deserve
your adoration
you
