hey everyone this is my first lab and I
actually made a like a pact that this
year I would slam for the first time so
you're a witness this is a poem called
two dogs the feeling sits in a certain
part of my chest looking below my
sternum it feels like my stomach is
dropping that can't get far down because
it's faced with an uncomfortable nausea
that swells beneath my lungs and then I
feel silly that my body has such a
reaction to something so petty I hear
the words of my mother it's stupid
anyway but I also see her brow creased
down hiding the dark ring around her
pupils that tells me it might just hit
her in the same place I split up the
back of an engagement party my other
mother by my side our arms are crossed
the feeling now sits over us pulls us
together and away from the room tears
are shed beautiful words about families
uniting a new life beginning but to us
the scene is blurry and muffled
seemingly underwater meaninglessly
occurring in another world
we feel bitter scowling at someone
else's happiness feels ugly but it isn't
our happiness would grow and embrace you
if only we could have it to this family
of 15 years we feel love for each other
every day how can you tell us that the
hard times we've been through the times
with comforted each other the times
we've held each other's hands a lesser
less than your love which even two years
old and pressured by the arbitrary laws
of the church is seen as the real thing
deserving of celebrate
of recognition of societal approval my
mother's scowl her snide sarcastic
comments her eyes rolling coldly I can
see why you take offense but can you
imagine opening that envelope seeing
that thick romantic cursive spelling we
would like to invite you to join us for
a demonstration of what you are being
denied because your love is wrong
because it doesn't fit the mold because
somewhere someone decided that we didn't
have enough hate in the world already so
decided to target love killing Tudor
killing two doves with one stone I flick
through your registry bowls vases bed
sheets evidently things that lesbians
have no need for a church bursting with
smiling faces little girls wrapped in
flowered dresses just like the one I
never got to wear vows pour from your
emotion filled mouths my mother's vows
have been relegated to the support of
each other when bigots piss in their
petrol tanks when fathers say don't you
dare tell your sister okay him when
jeering men spit at them as they walk
hat in hand to the realm of young queer
kids on bridges and sleeping on streets
of electric shocks and imprisonment of
sterilization and execution by saying
yours you make sure they keep saying
theirs
you're ignoring injustice stitches you
into the seams of the wrong side of
history your holy house is our holy hell
so stop saying god bless you and please
don't expect us to smile because the
river between us is wide and only you
can swim
