I got a need for piece of paper and then
it up again and it wasn't then that I
handed it to my mother and it was when
she asked me what it was for that I said
mom we only have so many important
things in our lives but I want you to
pick just for in these equal squares I'm
asking you to write down we worries in
your kids when you feel in your words
all your happiness and joy your sorrows
and with no need for prolonged prose of
this and that so and so as I'm asking
you is the only one who knows what are
the four things that mean the most to
you and what she felt be next I swear is
true she said my children and having
money enough to feed them my faith and
she paused and I admit that my curiosity
ignored I said mom that Fox one and two
or three come on tell me what about that
last and she smiled I'm glad you asked
she said that even after four decades
together and those love they through
stormy weather the fourth thing was and
still is her husband my father
and I know some of you an audience but
rather see how she cherishes her
basically quiet and I think we could all
agree which Mariah can it be to hear
that put down my dad but I swear I could
see her chest swell with joining for
every second or the 40 years of marriage
together that they've had when I had the
nerve to ask her why she told me simply
with the side yet that is just one hell
of a guy
see I come from a home when my father
told me that the only time it's right to
raise your hand and a woman still ask a
question that you should only raise a
glass when it's time to cheer and I
heard and now the cleaning he said that
son the only time you raise your voice
is when you say I do and in response
when she tells you that she loves him so
that you can scream that I do too my way
with words my mother and not my father
because it's the latter would much
rather give instructions through his
actions so when people see us both
together the reactions always the same
come on now please and I'm a father
there's just no way that he's your son
he says my great misfortune we look
nothing alike it's like God through all
those good genes and said hey you take
whenever I see that handsome man I try
not to question God's master plan and
with that chiseled jaw and perfect 10 I
realize man there's a reason it's called
a role model he would always collide on
I would walk away we never caught a mean
he told me simply that son it's always
best to be the type of man you'd want
your daughter tonight so thank you that
and I won't forget because you can bet
that you threw one whole box on that
April piece of paper
