I'm not what you expect alright rhymes
so quick I got that intellect being
spoken over so many times
most of them incorrect and when I get
loud
all they talk about is that disrespect
see I was born from holy room a strong
mother with love then I try to stay
faithful to God above I'm just a kid
from the Westside
who's got things to say born like write
or die never do things halfway
I mean how many people like me get the
opportunity to speak I'm not weak I'm
sleeping open to critique I want to
write rhymes forever it's not easy you
see a way to mind Mike how many more
white poets do I gotta hear before they
get to me and when it does I total minor
might try to find the best in the world
never go down without a fight
commonly I guess working woman working
class work with progress and all
original I make everything that I do and
kind of lyrical but then ask me for my
views cuz I see this life you're worried
like always saying sorry but staying
unapologetic I'm justice but the type
that's poetic have got that if you can
think like Homer right
well finger to mind and pen to pad that
still take it easy
though I stress like I breathe and I've
got a sharp bass tongue like I'm armed
to the teeth
I going way too deep but I'm still easy
to win but catch you first in line for
the race because I'm still eager to win
does that make me reckless that I'm
willing to jump never helpless but born
with wings made of the Steinman been on
stages for three years and my flight has
only just begun
been born in the first bowl direct land
is my home I've never been across the
ocean but Lebanon is where my heart rose
I'm scared of the unknown I search
endings to every movie I watched just in
case I get attached to someone who goes
and never comes back I like to know
doctors call it a lady I told him that I
learned to from the deadbeat dad society
said I write wine so it quick and I
don't move quietly I worked myself into
a state like I'm my own minds rivalry
I'm still learning how to love I swear
I'll hold the trim it would be difficult
I learn to love myself as well as you
but now I'll learn respect and start
something new because I know what to
expect and this I'll hold on to
