so this is something you should so I was
on warning Rudi not too long ago and so
this girl waiting at the front gates in
the flesh was waiting for silence
alright a younger girl and in truly
fashion
I saw something fairly innocuous and I
totally made this lamp I see it was
Valentine's Day and she must have been
in you seven or eight I'd say and I was
just fascinated with the way she
couldn't seem to stay in the same damn
spot and I caught him ahead of a hell of
a lot but I think that's what I noticed
first not just the way she paced up and
down she rehearsed or how she'd do you
know more often than not just waiting
the birds no it was her strike up and
down up down round the twist it was the
heart she wore on her wrist
it was the giant rainbow maharajah
character that you'd be hard-pressed to
miss it was the way she seemed to choke
on the soft words she played out in her
mind either a feast or a butterfly and a
feather entirely dependent on whether or
not her Valentine would please be mine
it was the way those when I realized I
could read lips Lauren the literal sense
were in a present tense Christianity
event but in my defense I meant
some little cells the way she mouthed
the words shifting sorting picking
packing thinking which he would prefer
which one she thought it'd be better
hurt hi
this is for you hi I made this for you
hi I hope you liked it
hi took me kinda long to make off for
God's sake hi I made this for you but
that's not completely true I made it
because I thought it best you you how it
is I feel about you I made it with the
color blue because you remind me of
every ocean I've ever seen and made left
with the color green because your wind
whispering through these tired leaves
plays me like a damn cello I made it
with the color yellow because when the
Sun rises you are what the Sun I think I
made it with the color pink
mostly because I couldn't think of a
rhyme better then - I made it with the
color red because life and passion I
didn't make this because what's in
fashion no I made it with the color mean
because that's all I ever did see
and she paced up and down up and down
and she looked up and frowned at the
grown man mouthing the words of his head
mumbling to himself
color it
