oh this this person made me promise
never to write a poem up yes it's not
easy I thought you're the wind beneath
my wings but you're more like a bird
that was caught in the turbines I
thought of these bloodlines would be a
safe place to hide from the rain you
like to play Jenga all this time I
thought that I was growing that you were
just pulling me apart I knew from the
start that our towel is gonna have to
pull the mesh I didn't realize it was
gonna fall on geek so I do what a man
would do and I sat on the couch and
played xbox in my underwear I thought
that you were the wind beneath my wings
but you all have to cloud but my head
was stuck in I knew that you will fall I
just didn't realize that you would be
big
it's all I like it's just that if you
ever go on I'm going to try to ignite
this but like a likeness I've read this
you told but I Dinah recite you it's not
like I like your sister my family is
having this thing and I'm kind of like
to invite you I thought that you were
wind beneath my wings that you were just
turbulence and the seatbelt light went
up and some of the luggage fell out and
then you spilled your drink on my
but that's just what I get for wearing
it or mostly
