snatch like two seconds ago manicott
double story in holding full seconds ago
when still annoying there's a snap loss
for 20 stops um yeah so um I'm going to
tell directs this one's serious so Alice
and um April those would be the donor is
a campaign called read my lips which is
to do with domestic violence and sexual
assault yes so yeah so it's a it's a
cause I've been involved in a really
long time for a really long time and
April while being the month for
awareness of sexual assault is also well
poetry not so and I didn't know that
this was a thing I ever have to actually
say and that's a little disappointing
than I do and that's not like a
disappointment on the peep I don't think
this is something that it honestly would
apply 21 in this room because i feel
like people that make art don't know
each other um so this is so this is
something that I unfortunately have to
say based or something one of my
students told me i'm at each answer on
behalf of rural teenagers gunning for
the big city love someone who escaped I
grew up in a town of 175 and most of
them was she going on fence following
adventures was embedded in our blood as
long as you take the dogs with you our
biggest threat was
as long grass and snakes in the bush our
imaginations where our best damn toys
because God know is I fallen out of
enough trees to make me terrified of
heights but that didn't stop me so I'd
like to imagine the ground wasn't there
but there are certain things you can't
imagine happening when you get out small
communities might feel safe for a kid
but it didn't always feel right at least
we knew everyone so if anything ever
happened I was the first to door always
a loudmouth high school was all house
parties and swag campouts but we
couldn't get into the pub because the
bouncers knew our mom's house small town
remote boo wait until I get home to text
you because there's no reception on the
way these safe streets this neighborhood
watch parents in the canteens handball
tournaments on the pavement soccer mom
close-knit community this everyone
family but the first time I was kept
cold I was 16 I was in the park in my
hometown and it was wednesday i was
walking to the ballet practice in my
uniform he appeared polar white shirt
that's good I always remember
specifically what I was wearing like it
mattered a man who was at least in his
40s asked me where I was going now I
might have been brought up with shoes
for friends but mom told me about
country kindness this mentality told me
to be polite so I told him fouling
smiled and got on my way when I finished
dancing that evening he was waiting
outside of my dad's cloths I won't harm
any cooler behind me told me I should
show off my dances legs a little bit
more told me my dancers legs were going
to help me
a man one day before I disappeared
behind a reserve on the way home that he
couldn't follow me I didn't tell my mom
always a double room gossip mere Twitter
than the snowtown traffic and someone
probably knew him so I kept my mouth
shut I'm 19 and those words dewclaw a
bike broken grip it like a vise you
can't shake off terror when I was 17 I
was the man on the street in Sydney
called me sweet man and when I didn't
answer he called me a bitch and when no
one around me said anything he followed
me onto my boss and SAT behind me
playing with my head for an hour the bus
driver didn't kick him off when I told
her what had happened he said he
couldn't refuse entry based on something
he'd chosen not to sing last week the
man on the train told me I was pretty or
a dyke and smacked me on the ass when no
one around we moved a muscle one of my
14 year old students was walking into a
concert hall from our bus when someone
shouted that she had sexy arms she said
thank you before I had the chance to
explain to her that that's not a
compliment and what earth can we expect
to be comfortable with these words for
someone
help them from the street is like a
shock to the face at 16 I learned that
it doesn't only happen in the city at 18
i like the wii textile phrase when we
get home safely for a reason and now I'm
19 and I don't have dances legs dangle
but I still get an active imagination
and a severe fear of heights and snakes
are still my biggest threat but here
they don't hide in the long grass and
that long past the summer I don't
remember being so happy when I joined
the gym so that I could be strong enough
to fight someone off if I needed to but
mom I shouldn't need to this is
preventable and that means we are all
responsible for preventing it instead of
teaching our children to be careful and
safe and not how to lay can always
travel in pairs we should be teaching
them a lot to attack each other when I
joined this to mom she's only the try as
I dare might to change this world
unfortunately this is how it is right
now and right now I should walk out from
the station after dark I no matter how
hard we try to reclaim the night we
can't proclaim what we can't see so we
need to turn on the lights countries how
to make you aware of that what happens
behind closed doors should not scare us
as much as it does there were four
domestic shootings within a 30-kilometer
radius of my house last year violence
isn't just a problem for the people we
see on TV screens and the death tolls in
other countries this is happening in our
backyards rural Australia the small
towns they claim to be so safe you sure
do scare me when I went home lost and
then in his 50s at my local pub came up
behind me and grabbed a handful of my
ass cheek for under my skirt offered me
a drink horrified I went to tell me
see if I'm not the only one the country
mentality stuck with because they got
excited and I'd like to think that that
if that happened in Sydney one of my
friends would have had something to say
other than did you get his number this
country had told me that only pretty
girls get cat pee when the girls get a
cat called like it was some sort of
validation my self-worth depended on
when the gritty girls get shouted at by
strangers but they're pretty girls
suffer this way but when you look at it
with these Isaac isn't very pretty we
need to make it okay to talk about this
especially if it makes you uncomfortable
I'm done here in film Nazi and I'm
fucking sorry that my quiet nature
doesn't match my load resistance to
violence no one deserves to be afraid to
live until tomorrow regardless of gender
sexual orientation race or age so safety
is our number one priority Australia why
is the one thing we are more scared of
each other dear rural teenagers we have
the means to change this from our corner
of the sky making waves as simple as
speaking up and having a problem with it
so you miss neighborhood watch miss
being around by the time the
streetlights come on use the imagination
that that country life gave you follow
the lens long adventure to something
better and it won't be somewhere you
want to escape thrown anymore I'm still
scared of snakes but I'm not scared of
you
thank you so much Ellis
