ah every pixel a pistol camera loaded
action shut up Alan call back you're
insecure Falco hide the pages most
scrutinized and angered self committing
photographic suicide your words are
empty and you're seeing only on facebook
I wonder how many selfies it took for
you to get that perfect look it's Ned
photon your book your profile is just a
bunch of gobbledygook your words are
empty and I had a constant obsession of
my digital omnipresence simply to attain
attention of your contemporary
quintessence dipped headfirst into
social convention I've learned my lesson
written on your face in your lines of
tension your words are empty my words
may be empty but my intentions pure I
see myself and it gets me ask soliloquy
staring across an ocean of electricity
at your great life hey I'll hook fade
into obscurity enveloped by your
promiscuity no longer will I strive to
paddle upstream along the eastern live
off of your computer screen now long
Google every liberals and shockwaves of
pixels along an electrical trajectory no
longer will I be incarcerated in your
online penitentiary forever lost in your
virtual memory your ways are empty
the combination of both LOL x oh and OMG
infuser the selection of emojis have
been tap tap tap into a virtual only a
fraction of this real world they are
intangible untouchable unfathomable to
many your words are empty not just
because there's a half drunk drinks at
the side of semi complete studio through
a metaphor of sorts so you are half
drunk on my empty tap tap tapping your
feeling for semi complete much like my
response the dot appears disappears if
the tap tap tap pause retract now I
thought snapping from the virtual to the
tangible the touchable the fallible the
dots have disappeared now a scene 7 33
left in their place reconcile everything
they can see this is obscene it's things
that myself has been misunderstood my
part isn't a statue of this screen isn't
the only expression of my immersion but
your words are empty and no okay
you
