and that's good because honestly they're
coming out with it you have backward
ways of thinking and they ll 3-baby
schemes the hell out physically now and
then and then they are you know take our
government's money for the housing and
all that oh my gosh but broke guess what
well I got the free house in the polo
shirt oh I ever made tell your cousin to
stop warning a 40 I refuse to dignify
the question you are not worth a
response you asked me for a solution but
it is people you see as it is you the
source of the problem is the
misconstrued Fraser's the adolescent
phases of solidarity hashtag I'll ride
with you of hilarity hashtag kill all
Muslims to ask me what side I am on I
want to ask you the same please explain
let's ship the circus lights to the
gentleman far right how do you feel when
individuals of your own skin have been
responsible for the colonization of
India the genocide of Jews murder of a
Yemeni spies rape of altar boys and
recession world wide you shuffle up in
your see you blush up to the bright red
here's up sweetie limbs society cannot
operate on a barometer calibrated to
your settings of stereotypes that make
you comfortable of moral compass askew
common sense diluted so much so that
apparently the war on terror requires
terror and innocence remember her that
green-eyed girl on that National
Geographic cover we do not know her name
as her green eyes are another anomaly of
the Eastern world she is the girl
cookies clear skies silent translated to
know
panic destruction so common they were
not bothered to rebuild homes death
imminent so there is a graveyard in her
yard to you another casualty in a game
called buds black but to me hope phase
what-ifs for me bit in the state I
refused to condemn I refuse to apologize
for i am the girl who wondered what kudo
would have been
