this is for every woman I have ever
known my mother's hands protruding veins
embroidered onto aged old skin like
roadmaps leaving no hands that have
needed too much after hands that have
held too many birth readings
I watched him drown in the Midwife and I
can't help but say I want my life that
is nothing like yours
I don't want sacrifice and Sheila coils
retracts she says this is my choice she
runs on opened bloody wounds towards a
narrowing horizon towards a sunset
perpetually our reach and says to me
these are my choices
don't you ever look me in the eyes that
I gave you and have the courage to pity
me
she says choice but how can I see choice
when I see her mother her mother's
mother all the women in my family all
the women I have ever known
I see the ruins they held closed with
calloused hands
I see the sewing of smiles into tired
with the defaces I say unreasonable
compromise after unreasonable compromise
I see them standing in shallow graves I
say they're just being in the wrong
place at the wrong time I think of all
the slit necks and all the blood spill
just so he grew just so he could see
something but I see as it is burning
their hands that they made the mistakes
of crying into that they made the
mistake of whispering their fears into I
see generations of frustration that she
only
through the single sigh I saw the light
leave my friends eyes but she told me
she's going back to him
she's giving that abusive man another
try
my cousin calls with a split lip and
when the Joker likes my I says what
nothing happened and then she drowns it
denial and I always asked why she goes
through enduring this exhausting mess
people I know have left for a lot less
and she said don't you worry I'll drink
all the blood that they took until the
pause from my eyes and maybe you'll
realize I don't need help I don't need
pity I'm doing just fine she's free from
him now
at least there's that but she told me
she can't help but miss the knife in her
back I remember when my cousin's abuser
died she said that it doesn't matter it
never mattered because her jaw still
quits and her mind still plays tricks in
when she sees him at night and when
someone touches her she would always
which I told my mother I still pray for
a life that is nothing like this and I
know that we'll always disagree but she
says instead you should pray to be
anything anything like me
