to my mother who will forever live on in
my heart I am my mother's incomplete
poet I am the unspoken stories too young
to hear not yet ripe enough to have my
eyes peeled to a past long left behind I
am that old set reminiscence stored in
the dusty bookshelf corner of your mind
I and that old song mama mama you know I
love you you know I love you mama mama
mama mama memories melodic yet
discordant flow tides kissing and
hitting the sand bit of your life giving
organ these melodies kept my blood
pumping but what are the pulses now if
the oceans turned blue I I remember the
waves of once restless nights your
pillars were soaked in the tears of
uncertain futures of what now when how
will she be without me you never uttered
them to me but I could hear it through
thin paper walls they would bang against
my door but I never opened it now future
has come but the pillows still haven't
dried can you dry them for me mama wipe
my tears just once more what I wouldn't
do to have you wipe my tears just once
more now I hold my breath that oceans
will let rainfall from these round
condensing clouds to the shore that is
my mouth and let me swallow these salty
speeds let it leave when did knots in my
stomach and be sure that I am strong for
them mama for wind and fire is my breath
now I'm sanctuary for these icy hollow
hearts I'm still learning
to turn the other cheek mama to find joy
in the grief because grief is but a gift
disguise this pain wrapped in this
present moment as a longing for a past
not yet forgotten and I am her ebony
hands imprinted being of her immortal
tenderness I can still feel the smooth
grooves of words you left on my heart
you left on my heart you left me because
you didn't tell me you left me you
showed me you left me you show me you
were right you were right you were right
here and I can fill you right here and I
am her dreams and her nightmares I am
the worries of yesterday and the
struggles of today birth upon a sunlit
land that was never really meant for me
I'm making it for me mama I'm making it
mama birth what you couldn't be what you
were to me I hope you're proud of me and
I am the papers group holding the last
drips of ink drips like dying breaths of
complete silence peace can you give me a
piece of that silence one small mama I
am my mother's incomplete poem you see I
am NOT my mother but I am completely
hurts
