there we go there we go Lebanon 1.5
million and Counting Egypt 132,000
Germany 98 thousand seven hundred Sweden
sixty four thousand eight hundred
Denmark 11300 Greece two hundred and
fifty thousand three million plus gone
6.5 million displaced I am NOT a
statistic I am NOT a number or
demographic I'm not a target market or
am i I am ver target for what I believe
in for what I stand for my strength and
love are signs of retaliation and chaos
I am ruining the order of balance I am
wild I must be controlled dole duels I'm
told screw your rules I am NOT they I am
NOT while but own my heart is for the
land I live in but woe unto you so
cowardly that the only way he get me to
leave is spearing the safety of my
family I leave my pride and glory the
bricks I used to lay to build my house
that carved holes in my palms I leave
the pots are made for Solia in babies
blankets mothers rings and charms why to
chase your benefits your benefits don't
compare to the taste of the quenching
air the middle-eastern sans the history
of Arabian air your benefits don't
compare to how my life made me feel from
Mohammed met a Korea mama - Rita
Sardinia built a seal your benefits
don't equate to me I am NOT a statistic
I am NOT lesser than you better than you
weaker than you stronger than you
deserve more than you I just want quiet
I want to escape the noises in my mind
that time after time remind me of what
is no longer
I want to forget the sounds of
explosions like trumpets in my ear I
patiently await the only trumpet I long
to hear and the sights of ammunition
shells trying to symbolize my fear him I
have him and he wipes my hearts teeth I
am NOT a statistic I am NOT a symbol of
crazed rebels denounces of my faith and
tyrants of my nation I am a symbol of
pain heartache and devastation the bags
under my eyes are not enough to hold
babies close and my husband's days as we
travel the sea to fly away from our
lives we worked on so tirelessly can't
you see I am NOT pedantic or problematic
but I leave to join your nation who is
systematic and though I'm not used to
this because yes my house was systematic
but get up it's prayer time and humbug
no shoes in the house is different to no
papers no asylum you're not systematic
you're satanic I am NOT a statistic my
cries for help I'm not out of weakness
they had of strength for asking help
from my neighbors but while Saudi are
raising Lambos and Qataris smoking at a
gili Greece welcomed me with souvlaki
and Satsuki but oh how I miss my cursor
in tabbouleh love my neighbor and as my
pains of loneliness and homesick grows
more and more forcing me that with every
close nation's door turned me to the sea
to fight without fighting in a scoreless
war the world didn't say a word until
baby washed up on the shore I am NOT a
statistic I'm not a barcode I stamped a
number on my hand affixed tag on my
wrist in my home shouldn't be cold wet
sand I'm not bound by borders or fences
booklets with my face or stamps or
places you are not in charge of my right
to change destinations especially if
you're the cause of my dispensation I am
a daughter a son a mother father brother
sister I am you I will not go down in
history as a numeric or a percentage I
am you I'm a flesh and blood that has
been shed on stands and mud I am you I
am the ballet recitals that gradual
questions the Sunday Mass and the Friday
calls to pray I am you I am NOT a
statistic
I'm a traveling Syrian stranger with
nowhere to tell Hamid to take off his
shoes
