when will you notice when will you see
that this world has not enabled me to be
freed rather is constantly Laden me so
watch and see listen as we who were sick
and weary of being labeled play with
ourselves we are the teenage Catholics
who lost causes with whom nobody ever
felt sympathy
we are the geniuses who never cared for
good grades
we are the straight-a students who never
needed the alphabets first letter to
validate us we are those who did not
need to attend selective schools because
we were selected by God we are those who
do crazy things in crazy rooms with
crazier people because for us it doesn't
feel so great we are those who see holy
art and the rainbows of of evil graffiti
we are those who help ascii our bureau
even go to court we are overly aware
kids we have a hyper observant kids we
are the kids who see the world for all
its flaws get somehow somehow somehow
you expect us to remain happy
we are though this was blend up at the
idea of normality we are those who sold
our sanity for untainted individuality
because we were dissatisfied with our
reality we the reclusive prophets whose
prophecies were never bothered with and
never heard we the young innocence whose
infamy was never earned we at the
Drunken spoken word poets and the
marijuana intoxicated healers of the
world we are the literary geniuses
respect brilliant poems that are endless
teachers that were told to shut up and
get out we are the natural-born leaders
who were never chosen for leadership
roles because we weren't good enough
role models we are those from our
current education system still tortures
I have retained my creativity even in
the playground of black white we are
mothers tears and our fathers we are
wasted potential we are ungrateful
children
apparently with fear the Lord we the
tormentas of psychologists and the
conundrum of teachers we are the world
politicians who only ever pretend to
understand us we hear those who love
Breton girls for a limited time one
night one night only we are those who
burned and discarded our lovers as if
they were changed smoked cigarettes
because our pasts taught us a painful
equation that equals weakness how
schools we are those who nobody cares
enough about our schools don't care if
we slice our arms or drown in liquor so
long as we are not it's school uniform
how families don't care if we struggle
to stay alive we'll get enough sleep so
long as we get a table so tell us with
disappointments course failures nameless
worthless label us as you please but
don't you dare
