this is kind of a offensive comment on
the power of propaganda
to honorable lower critical minds it's
called oddly balance
I'm a lover of of these values I don't
know anyway i know that sounds bizarre
what is a value is it a a tragic thing
as standard we hold dear on an omen
constructive way of thinking in the
world besieged by Veera I ask myself
that question
Alice wonder what is right in the realm
of our values how to fight yoga might so
listen to our leaders who say they also
have not the way Australian values shine
right through the darkness hateful
things but what I thought about what
they said I've got myself up right the
Army Values taught my men mid mine would
be the right size father to collect my
thoughts in a booze you are kinda way
you know I selected those look powerful
shoot the plates away I saw the brand
new English words like learn the printer
region assimilating into right and began
action heritage my newfound values to
deplete addiction the light of reason to
zero in on us once only on the
palindrome can trace them well if that's
what it felt like
so I started telling nasty lies about
those I newly hated and if they tried to
defend themselves their lives became he
planted sudden the blue side
baby-friendly
next-door neighbor who says his kids
were born here in the board is house
with hard life he used to say good
morning sorry boss the bits but then all
right is a terrorist today now I pass or
we're really always being you know
they're not really hood go back I said
one day or prove your RZ values if
you're really want to say he claimed I
was unreasonable reactionary and worse
our workers became a battleground it's
likely a trap in Reverse so now I only
have what friends cuz you can trust
those foreign tight unless you you do
business because if it's their money you
can't outdrive said yeah it's myself a
dodgy sometimes on a Friday night or go
out who's hooked or T because we've got
our Z values you know yeah just
occasionally we're not really tired I
wonder who the hell I think I am and if
I fallen victim to some enormous and
you
