the love was so strong that I thought
I'd never fade I planned my days around
you making sure I checked in every few
hours to let you know how I felt how
much I appreciated you how much I loved
you
I pretty much worshipped you I never
felt as peaceful as I did when we spoke
and although you didn't say much I could
feel the depth of your love it wasn't
always that way
I'd known you for years but you always
think just out of reach to be honest I
thought you're too good for me
and I not worthy of you I was flawed and
selfish and weak and you were
intimidating not because you were scary
but because you seemed to have endless
amounts of love to give and I was always
willing to forgive my flaws you were
perfect and I was inadequate I wasn't
ready to love or be loved
so I gave in to the feet and that life
keep us apart over the years he watched
me rise and fall find and lose myself
over and over again I was comforted
being surrounded by all sorts of evils
because I didn't believe I deserve to
get up I hurt myself and others to
defend Natalie and the dark darkness
became my sanctuary there were times I
thought about calling you when I had no
one else but the guilt of knowing I was
only doing
reason make me so changed as I stayed
away I even like to think more about our
relationship and let them think things
of fire till 18 ask too many questions
and you waited you waited for me to find
you to choose you
that's all you ever wonder I fell in
love with you again ten years later when
I had nowhere to turn
you reappeared and told me that you
wouldn't ever that's why I felt ashamed
now more than ever afraid that you could
never love me again because my heart had
turned cold tainted and corrupted it's
early but I had seen and done you could
never love me you told me to stop making
excuses and reminded me that you never
stopped loving me and that it was
Ireland that God so I did just that I
let go and let your love purify me
we formed a more mature love this time a
real love no fairytale Fifty Shades of
Grey one wink light up fairy tale I
didn't have to be perfect to love you
you knew I was flawed and loved me for
it you never turn your back on me no
matter what I promised that I would
always be honest with you even though
you knew everything anyway and I and all
that I learned about myself came from
you every truth and false realized you
gave me the consciousness and that is
the greatest gift of war ninety nine
eleven so crazy and still nowhere near
enough I don't know when or how we just
get up
again and now I'm afraid I'm afraid
because now I barely think about you
I'll remember you throughout the day
but there are signs all around me
telling me that once again you're not
that far away and now that I know true
love exists I won't settle for this
my heart belongs to you and I would
rather abandon me to find you because
without you this has no purpose I won't
stop searching until I find you again my
only true soulmate the most gracious the
most merciful
