hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
doing it adding too much glitter into
slime video and I really hope that you
enjoy it so first up we're gonna be
attempting my favorite trend at the
moment and this is getting a thick
jiggly clear slime and just putting
lines of glitter on one side of the
slime and sinking your hand under and as
you can see here it creates a really
cool effect with the glitters where it
kind of magnifies your hand and makes
the glitters look so shimmery if I were
to choose again I definitely wouldn't
use a jelly slime mainly because it
mounts down so fast but also just
because it breaks when you mix it and so
isn't particularly satisfying to do and
like you can see here it's just not
particularly fun it's just kind of like
a rippy jelly so I mix a tiny bit of
this mixture into a proper slime and as
you can see the glitters is just
magnified so stretchy and it looks like
a really good bubble crunches as well
next up we have my favorite one that I
did and this is mixing clay balls off
the opposing colors in two different
sides it's a lot easier when you see it
but basically on the pink side I loaded
loads of pink glitters and on the blue
side loads of blue glitters but instead
of putting blue balls on the kind of
blue side I put it on the pink one and
then the pink on the blue and then I
created the marble one in the center and
I loved how the balls fell off when you
pushed it I just thought that was so
great and it made the slime really thick
when you added all the glitters then I
think this is just because it tries to
hold it in so it takes away some of the
stickiness but as you can see if this
was a thick slime I didn't do anything
special with this was literally just
almost glue and borax and it was just
great and like well so far the clay
didn't make it super cloudy at first
like as you can see here it's just kind
of like lines of clay at first but then
after mixing it in properly it does turn
really thick and kind of fluffy this was
using model like clay which is my
favorite clay at the moment because it
makes everything so Airy but I just
think this slime is perfect and I'm also
going to be giving it a wave to five
winners
I've never used a metallic acrylic paint
and I really wanted to try it out so I
decided to do an all gold slam starting
off with some metallic paint but then
loads and loads of glitter and I love
the fact this had on the little scooper
as well it kind of made it look like it
was rose gold and it's so shimmery but
this glitter was just amazing I find
that it was like really weird actually
because I was expecting my slide to
become super putty like because it was
really tough at first but I found them
more and more I mixed then it was
melting down so I think this might be
because of the paint I'm not entirely
sure but I was left with a really nice
textured slide and to my surprise
actually wasn't stiff a school which I
was really pleased with and also
something else I was really impressed
with was this didn't turn cloudy for
ages and considering the base was a
clear slime I was really expecting this
to do so I think it was probably the
paint being the base but also how
gorgeous the glitters were and how many
there were in there as you can see here
I've played with her for ages and barely
looks like it's been touched
I've been loving these videos on
Instagram at the moment where people put
shaving foam in the middle of their
slime and keep it that but for some
reason every time I try and do this my
shaving foam is watery and it never
works if you guys know why this is do
you let me know in the comments it
always frustrates me so much I don't
know if I just need to buy a shaving
foam more often but this basically
accelerated the activation of the slime
it was quite sticky before and then it
became quite tough it wasn't like hard
but yeah tough and it was interesting
because this is a pigmented slime before
and it did keep some of the metallic in
there
I love Holly slain so I always find them
really hard to film on camera just
because my camera isn't very good at
picking them up unless a flashlight or
sunlight is shining on them but for some
reason these are just perfect they're so
high-quality I'm also going to be
listing where I got all my glitters in
the description if you guys interested
but this is just perfect all over
Instagram at the moment is a ton of
kwisa filled boo black and I really want
to de try this just because it'll look
so much fun so I decided to make a blue
black just out of corn flour water and
food dye and then put a ton of courses
on top of them and this was so much fun
to do and the way to test whether your
black is ready is to put some pressure
on the top and if it's hard then it's
almost certainly perfect and you just
want to pick some up and then smoosh it
in your hands and then let release but
for some reason it wasn't focusing on my
hand so it looks pretty gross but what I
found at first that was really
interesting actually was that this that
I wanted to call it a slime the
non-newtonian fluid was actually really
really watery at first but the more go
sorrows' mixing in I guess it just tries
to hold anything in and this is why it
makes it less sticky but it was becoming
tougher and a lot easier to manage
next up I wanted to make a galaxy slow
so I started off with a cosmic Oriya
pigment as my base and this is a really
nice one actually I had some blue
undertones but it was mostly violet and
then I think I have some holo in there
as well so then I went ahead with my
chunky glitters and decided to add loads
I'm gonna let you listen to the sounds
instead of doing voiceover for this part
because this was just perfect but it
made such good crunches and I decided to
add a range of sizes and I think this is
why it sounded so good
I don't know about you guys but I always
have a ton of glitters that come in
packs that I never use I decided to add
all of them into a slime and at first it
looks pretty gross and like it won't mix
to make something prissy but it ended up
being so gorgeous so just bear with me
but I just found this to be such a
pretty slime and I thought this is gonna
turn out like really really gross but it
mainly turned out to be look at it it's
so pretty it's just I was so shocked
that I would have never thought to use
any of these colors before so yeah I was
just really pleasantly surprised by this
one
and today's video is a little more
exciting than usual because I have a
giveaway and the only things you have to
do is subscribe to this channel
subscribe to my vlog Channel and also
leave an Instagram out so I can contact
you if you win the prizes are gonna be
some of the slimes in this video and
there are gonna be five winners and
there's also gonna be some custom-made
slime for those winners because I always
find that people give stuff away but you
always have different preferences so you
can say what you want don't forget to
look in the description as well for
extra entries and I will see you next
week thank you so much for watching this
video
