hi guys today's video is going to be on
how to fix a small batch of slime that's
gone hard and to turn it into a really
big nice batch of slime I've made jiggly
slime in this video and I really hope
that you enjoy it and if you do don't
forget to give it a thumbs up so the
first thing that we're going to need is
our hard slime and does any sign that
pulls apart or is really really thick
and we want to split into forces and put
it into a bowl and then pour boiling
water over it if you're under 18
obviously get a parent helps you out
with this then we're going to go ahead
with our spatula and start solving the
slime in the water you want to add about
half a bowl of water and you just want
to keep adding the slime and mixing it
in just until all the spine clumps are
gone so you know that everything is
properly mixed in then we can go ahead
and add our second batch of slime and I
find that after our second batch of
slime is best I have the foaming hand
wash and we do this to give to slime a
really nice bubbly texture at the end
then we want to make sure everything is
properly mixed up and once it is we can
go ahead and add our third batch of
slime with this batch of slime you're
going to find that the mixtures pulling
together a bit more and you do need to
start stirring from the bottom of the
bowl at this stage a lot of people
recommend that you go in with your hands
and knead it all in but personally the
water I was using was too hot so I don't
recommend that you do this and I
recommend that you use a spatula the
best way to start is just by going from
the bottom and pulling it up just to
make sure that you haven't missed any
parts and everything is getting mixed in
properly after everything was spreading
I just went ahead and left it on the
side of a cold room for three hours I
recommend doing this because the water
we add at the beginning really heats up
the bowl so the slime does not a bit and
when you leave it as you can see here it
does come together way more I did still
find it was really watery so I went
ahead and added lots of activator just
to help pull it together and as you can
see it does become a lot more sticky
when you do this I just find that you
need is so much activator for this I
didn't add much slime and I added a lots
of water so that might be why but I do
recommend you have a lot of activator on
hand if you try this method once it was
cool it was okay to touch so I saw the
playing with it in my hand just for help
pull the mixture together and like
really tell that I was going to be doing
this for a while so I just like to add
paint at the same time to motivate me to
play with it and I added some bubblegum
paint this is just from tesco if you
live in England and I just mixed it in
with my hand to pull the mixture
together and also make it less sticky
and just got any lumps
and once the colors all mixed in we can
go ahead and add our final batch of
activators to pull everything together
and if you added as much water as I did
you might need a lot but it ends up
really really cool and I've included
some sound clips at the end
