hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
showing you how to make iceberg foam I'm
going to be using official recipe from
slime strawberries but I really hope
that you enjoy this video and if you do
don't forget to give it a thumbs up and
subscribe
the first ingredient that we're going to
need is one cup of squeeze we're going
to follow this by adding a course a cup
of water and sowing and really
thoroughly the water's just going to
make the slime a bit more jiggly and fun
to play with once that's all stirred in
we can start adding our other
ingredients starting off with the most
important one which is three cups of
shaving foam we need to add this much
shaving foam because this creates a nice
crunchy layer on the top of the slope so
the iceberg future then we're going to
fly that by adding 1 tablespoon of
lotion of course a cup of cornstarch and
three tablespoons of baby powder the
final product we're going to add is of
course a cup of foaming hand wash just
to create a bit of bubbles and then
we're going to start in for a while just
to get everything folded in properly
until it gets through really nice even
fluffy texture once we get some sections
can go ahead and start adding our
activator I'm using borax and water and
in the original recipe the creator's
said that you only need six to eight
pumps of activator to get it to this
nice jiggly texture I forgot to color my
slime in the beginning so I just went
ahead and added some glow-in-the-dark
paint to my mix then you want to leave
your mixture out for one to three days
without a lid just to create that nice
crunchy layer on the top I left mine up
for three days but I felt like it could
have done with another day
