hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
testing out to DIY slime recipes without
glue and I really hope that you enjoy it
if you do don't forget to give this
video a thumbs up and also subscribe for
the fast method we're going to be
testing out toothpaste slime and I found
this on a channel called Willet slime
I'll leave a link to his channel in the
description box below I recommend you
check it out because he post so many
slime videos it's amazing so he found
that if a toothpaste has gel and paste
in it
it works really well to make slime if
you microwave it so he found that
Aquafresh and crest browns worked really
well and i'm using aqua fresh because i
love because of the tube when it all
squirts out i just think it looks so
pretty
I wanted a block color when I microwaved
it so it didn't look cool uneven and
gross when it came out so I just stirred
it all up and after I said up I went
around the ball with a scooper and just
made sure none stuck to the sides
because we're gonna be microwaving it
and if there's a thin layer it will burn
on the sides and then you'll be left
with less slime to play with i microwave
my mixture on top heat for about 16
minutes before it became the texture I
wanted and when it comes out it's so so
hot so I recommend leaving it to cool
down for at least 2 hours once you've
done that you just want to go ahead and
add some lotion to the mix and I added
way too much so it became super gooey
and just not very nice to play with so I
did change his recipe a bit and add a
lot of cornstarch
you want to add enough so it becomes
doughy and then you want to add loads so
it becomes crumbly
once it reaches this texture you want to
add a ton of baby oil and this will help
the dryness and also help everything
stick together then you want to add it
gradually just so it becomes the desired
texture you want you don't want to add
too much because it can become oily and
everything can start falling apart again
if you add just enough it becomes super
smooth and makes a really nice clay like
slime the end product was so fun to play
with if I was super smooth it was kind
of like a softer version of play-doh and
it was also like a stress reliever it
felt so nice and I was sat there playing
with it for ages
why don't you do play with it for a
while it does start to melt so you just
need to leave it on the side for an hour
and then you can stop playing with it
again but it's absolutely amazing and I
really recommend that everyone tries
this because it's so easy to make the
next recipe is the coolest thing ever
and I found it from a user on Instagram
called fairy slimes she found that if he
used a peel-off facemask containing
polyvinyl alcohol with a borax solution
it creates slime to make the borax
solution I use one teaspoon of borax to
two cups of warm water and then I just
went ahead and stirred it all then and
made sure everything was dissolved
before adding it to my mix if you try
this method I recommend guessing at
least six packs of face masks because
the packs don't actually have much
product in it so when you're pouring it
all out very little comes out once you
put it one in the bowl you just want to
start adding your borax activate it
really gradually while stirring it in
with a spoon you want to keep adding it
until the face mask becomes kind of
cloudy that's how I told it might just
be my face mask that does this but then
I started playing with it in my hands
whilst adding the activator just so it
didn't become too hard thank you so much
for watching this video I really hope
that you enjoyed it and if you did don't
forget to give it a thumbs up and also
subscribe see you next week
