hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
testing out some DIY slime recipes and I
really hope that you like it the first
recipe I tested was glossy slime I
started off by adding some Elmer's glue
and then I followed this with two
teaspoons of baby oil this makes it
super smooth and stretchy so you can add
as much as you want I also added some
foaming hand wash but you don't actually
need this then once all the ingredients
are added you just want to mix it all in
and add some activator you only want to
add a tiny bit of activator at a time
just to make sure you don't get it too
hard and then you want to stop adding it
when it pulls away from the bowl like
this I was actually really surprised
because I heard that you needed to play
with slime in your hands to get it ready
but this was basically ready as soon as
it started pulling away from the bowl
and had a really nice light texture next
up is mat slime and I actually found
this super easy to make because it only
has three ingredients so it was super
cheap as well the first ingredient is
Elmer's glue and the thing that makes it
matte is corn starch but this kit was so
hard on the slime quite a lot so to
counteract that and make it a bit more
fluffy I added a ton of shaving cream
you can use any shaving cream but you
want to mix everything in super
thoroughly and make sure that you mixing
the glue really well because the glue
stain on the bottom for the first
mixture I made of this and it just did
not work and it looks so so bad then
after you've mixed everything in for
about 5 minutes you want to add some
activator and as soon as it starts
pulling away from the sides you want to
pick it up and you want to start playing
with it in your hands to get out all of
the lumps and after you've played with
it for a while about 10 to 15 minutes it
does become super smooth if you do find
your signs a bit hard you've probably
added a bit too much activate it and you
can fix this by adding some moisturizer
and it should end up super smooth like
this
the next recipe I tried was fluffy slime
and it's had a really similar recipe to
the Matt's line but a completely
different end product it was so weird so
the first thing you need is some Elmer's
glue and then you've got to pour in
loads and loads of shaving cream because
this is what makes it really really
fluffy so the more you add the more
fluffy it will be then you want to add a
tiny bit of cornstarch and loads of
lotion just to make it super stretchy
and soft then you want to mix it all up
and once it's properly mixed in you just
want to add a tiny bit of activator at a
time and this activated so so quickly
with maybe four pumps and the end
product is so smooth and fun to play
with this clip goes on for a bit longer
and I found it really satisfying so I
thought it was best to end the video
with it I really hope that you've
enjoyed this video and if you did don't
forget to give this video a thumbs up
and also subscribe thank you so much for
watching see you next week
