hi guys today's video is going to be
also of my favorite up/down hairstyles I
really hope that you enjoy this video
and if you do don't forget to give it a
thumbs up and also subscribe well look
one we're going to start by guessing our
thumbs in line with our eyebrow after
we've done that we're just going to
scoop all the haratz and learn with to
the back and brush through it after that
we're just going to twirl it around and
put it in neat bun I like to loosen the
bond a bit just so it isn't so tight on
my head and looks a bit more messy then
I go to the part that's down and I just
do a really simple plat I like to do
quite a thick one because I feel like it
looks really nice with the look or look
- we're going to start off by just
brushing through our hair and just
giving ourselves an off-center passing
once we've done that we're just going to
go above our ear and take a chunk of
hair you want it to be quite thin and
then we're going to just while it around
and wrap it around itself so it becomes
a bun after that we're just going to
secure it with a hair tie and do the
exact same to the other side
but look three we're going to start off
by doing three braids on the side our
hair's parted if you have a center
passing that's absolutely fine all you
have to do is just do braids all around
your hair
when we've done all those braids what
we're going to do is just take a section
from the front and braid it after we've
braided it we just want to pull it
around the rest of the braids so it
looks all connected and pulls the look
together to balance it out I'm just
going to do the same to the other side
and then pull it round to the back and
also to balance out the braids on the
bottom I'm also going to add a braid to
my other side look for is the classic
up/down pony that I'm absolutely
obsessed with so I just start by
brushing through my hair and then I get
my fingers in line with my ears and pull
that chunk of hair to the back then I
just brush it through to make sure
there's no lumps on the top and I just
tie it into a pony and you can't wear it
just straight like this but personally
because my face is a bit round I like to
add cars to it to do this I'm going to
be using the GG soft curl curve color
thank you so much for watching this
video I really hope that you enjoy that
and if you did don't forget to give it a
thumbs up and also subscribe see you
next week bye
