hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
doing a review of famous and underrated
slang shops and I really hope that you
enjoy it first off we have snoop slaves
lovestruck slime and I wanted to try her
slime again for the longest time I first
reviewed her I think a year ago and her
slides have improved so much so the
containers came broken and this wasn't
an issue for me because her customer
service was so great and they resolved
the problems super quick I was also
really impressed by the slime on the
outside of the container because this
hadn't dried up at all so I could just
add it back into the original slime and
get my full 6 ounce and as you can see
once it's reactivated this becomes so
thick and it also clears up really
quickly which is really cool next up
from snoop we also have King Midas and I
wanted to get my hands on this for the
longest time because it sent a camera
and for me caramel is a super hard scent
to get right but hers is just perfect it
smells like the real thing and it's so
so fun to play with I find that when
it's little under activated it makes the
best clicky sound all the signs of right
bubble wrap and it also came in a bubble
mailer so I think the mail people were
just really tough with it and then for
extra she included two dots and also
some borax and a little extra card next
up we have cotton rose language I think
is the most underrated shop I have ever
reviewed their signs are just amazing
and starting off we have the 24 karat
golden honey slide I was so impressed by
all of the detail that went into this
the first thing that caught my eye was
the packaging as you can see it comes in
a little honey pot and then I had this
film on the top so the slide didn't get
stuck to the top of the lid and then it
comes with this little honey scooper so
you don't get to just poke it and play
with it like a normal slope you can
actually do other things and if you do
want to poke it it comes the little bee
charm and slime itself actually has some
gold flakes in there which makes such a
nice accessory especially as it isn't
scented I haven't been this impressed
with the slime in such a long time it
was so thick and just so impressive
another amazing clear sign from them was
that under the sea slime and this is a
super clear blue slime again its
unscented and super thick I thought the
name for this was so clever because all
the charms sank to the bottom so it was
kind of like looking undersea and seeing
all the sea ruins and things like that
the thing that most impressed me about
this slime was just how clear it was I
found it took a while to bubble up as
well but when it did it inflated loads I
normally find that the shops that do
really good clear slimes just see okay
white grease lines but this was not the
case for her slimes this was just
amazing it had a really tiny watermelon
scent to it and it was so quickly at
first so I felt that it was a tiny bit
under activated even though it wasn't
sticky so when I activated it I was so
impressed by how thick this one it was
also super glossy I only left this for
two hours before forming it and as you
can see there's hardly any bubbles have
free loops line was so glassy I played
with it a tiny bit before the video just
because she gave me a plastic spoon with
that and I think this comes with every
order that it was so different from just
normally poking slime and I just love
playing with it in this way and I found
that when I did poke the slime the
flowing beads gave up some color into
the white slime so it's kind of when
your cereal kind of gives off some color
into the milk so it made the fruit Lea
it's more realistic and it's also
inflated so much
pink lemonade is one of the most
therapeutic butter signs around is super
airy and really really soft and
spreadable I just love playing with this
because it's so holdable but I also love
the scent of this and it reminds me of
something I used to eat when I was way
younger but I can't remember what it is
for the life of me but it kind of smells
like a sweet service he sent kind of
frizzy but not too fruity banana is
always my favorite scent so I find it
quite hard to review slimes like this
but this is actually an OK banana so
this has a classic glossy base with some
confetti at the bottom and marshmallow
beats on the top so this traps the loss
of aaron with the bean and I found it
turned into about a 12 ounce maybe a 10
ounce but it was just huge and I really
liked how much this inflated I slide
here with really cute labels on the
bottom and they have really nice
diagrams and she also included some
slime supplies she stocks in her shop so
this little snowflakes heart confetti
and then for her extra she included a
face mask so sweets and borax and also
flown beads in a Kashi another
underrated slime shop that really
impressed me was my slime obsession and
I've been seeing them although the
Instagram and I've been really wanting
to try their slime that's why my try
with magical mystical world and as you
can see this is such a thick clear slime
and I normally find with thick clear
slimes they're quite rubbery and they
don't really stretch but to me this
actually doesn't feel like it's been
watered down at all so I would just say
this is a whole Elmer's glue bottle put
in which is that for the price is just
amazing the glitters weren't pointy for
me at all they didn't hurt my hands and
I also loved how hollow this was the
camera doesn't pick it up so well but as
you can see there definitely is a bit of
hollow in there and the stars and also
the glitter and I just thought this fly
was amazing
I normally find pom pom signs really
hard to play with because the pom-poms
are so big so when I saw these mini pom
poms I was really curious as to what
would make the texture like and I loved
it it was so soft out of some texture to
a nice clear slam and we also had the
now confessor in there so it just
complimented all the colors and I would
say this is more like a putty texture
than the previous slime but they're both
so amazing my favorite thing about cloud
flies is that they hold designs so
perfectly and as you can see this just
arrived in mint condition it had the
prettiest glitters and also charms with
that and I just found this fluffed up so
easily as you can see this is come out
straight of the container and it's just
started fluffing up really easily and it
drizzled really smoothly it's scented
like a mixture of grass and peonies so
it just smells like the outdoors and I
really love this loam and also how dry
it is
April showers May flowers is scented the
same as the other one and it's scented
peony petals spring lily and green grass
and as you can see this has a really
gorgeous design on it as well
it comes with loads of charms in this
one and it's also mostly closed and has
iridescent stock was at the bottom so
this whole slam is just perfect and when
it mixes up it kind of looks like a
minty green I would say it kind of looks
grey at first but then when you let it
sit all the colors come back out for
some reason I am obsessed with plain
clear slime so when I saw this in my
package I was so so thrilled I honestly
now they got st. clair slimes I don't
know why I don't know if it's just
because people are scared they'll melt
down but I always put my clay slimes in
the fridge because then you get really
really thick clear slimes and also then
if it has become a bit sticky you don't
get that on camera and as you can see
this one's just so clear it's unscented
and it comes to the water bottle as well
which I thought was such a nice touch
loves me loves me not it's by hand or by
hands down hands down my favorite butter
slave I've ever felt this just feels
like what I imagined but it's time to
feel like before I touched it and it's
so so nice it kind of feels like a cream
cheese slam I think it must have some
fakes they were never kind of like
watery instant snow type and it's just
so so smooth so soft and as you can see
it's also textured but it's just so
perfect
I love sass with the slime definitely my
favorite one in the whole shop and as
you can see the slimes were amazing but
this one was just super special for me
last but not least from their shop we
have oatmeal chalk type cookie and this
was really really nice the slime is like
a glassy base it's really thick I think
it might have a tiny bit of clay in
there or maybe some cornstarch and it
kind of has a chewed-up bubble gum
texture that's already kind of been
mixed in if that makes any sense
it's like styrofoam I would say so it's
not tough and it really inflates and it
smells kind of like a brownie I would
say everything came really securely
packaged with bubble wrapping all around
it and also a seal on it which I was
really impressed with and then we also
have loads of extras she gave me the
biggest bag of Bryce I think I've ever
received some sweets and little charms
and then loads of things she sells in
her shop we've got some glitters I'm
pretty sure she sells all of these I'm
moving on to the next person we have
pigs not slime who is by far the slime
queen for cloud slimes everybody talks
about it especially the big slime is and
this is just so Airy I find class lines
fall into two groups and either they're
really really dry and they have loads of
fallout or they're a tiny bit wet and
they're really really fluffy and easy to
play with and as you can probably guess
this one is a tiny bit wet and super
super fluffy I would say this is amazing
for beginners because you don't really
have to put any work into it at all to
make it to result it just drizzles so
smoothly and it's not just like cotton
it's so so fresh and gorgeous sleepytime
is centered just like the name and it
smells like lavender and I love that the
charms actually asleep as well I think
this is such a nice touch and it causes
some hollow glitters on the top and I do
find that lace has kind of come out on
the table as does the color weirdly
enough I don't normally have a problem
with this but I found this color quite
hard to come off so if you do have a
light table I would not recommend
playing with this but it doesn't come
off on your hands so it's absolutely
fine to play on there or on a dark
surface
blueberry muffin has a really unique
texture as you can see on the top it's
kind of airy and clear like but then
it's also really not I wouldn't say this
is like a clay sign because it
definitely has some clay in there but it
was doesn't it doesn't really feel like
a clay sign so it feels like a bit of a
cheat to say that but I do play with it
like a clay slime so no mean comments
but it's really fun
I do enjoy this it's super click and it
also has some black beads in there just
us to act as the blueberries last but
not least we have a jelly cube slime and
this is one of the really fun ones that
you can crush up and make into like a
different texture slice I didn't
actually mind playing with this it's
just the jelly cubes that I can't squish
up that I really don't get on with but
it's also had some foam beads in there I
do find that the foam piece lost its
color a bit but I love the smell of this
it was just like a fruity cocktail as
the name suggests and I love the texture
once you kind of mushed everything up
and it was just kind of like a chewed-up
bubble gum kind of jelly cube so I guess
I thought that the extras are actually
things I was going to use and I realized
I called her pigs not slime earlier but
is pig snot slime thank you so much for
watching this video I really hope that
you enjoy there and if you did don't
forget to give it a thumbs up and I will
see you next week
