it made my mouth or uh-huh it looks
disgusting hi guys today's video is
going to be another testing out
Pinterest beauty hacks video and in this
video I'm going to be testing out
whether or not activated charcoal helps
to whiten your teeth I'm going to do
some before-and-after shots as well for
comparison and I really hope that you
enjoyed this video so for this video
we're going to need one thing is
literally just one thing and also a
toothbrush but we're going to need some
activated charcoal capsules these ones I
got from Holland Barrett if you're in
the UK this is where you get them from I
think in the u.s. they're a bit more
widely available and they come in little
capsules like this already prepared a
bowl with some in it and it has four of
the capsules in it this is what my teeth
look like before the kind of yellow on
these bets and then the front teeth are
kind of why I don't really know why so
I'm just going to get my toothbrush and
I'm gonna get my charcoal and I'm just
gonna get it wet and I'm gonna join just
work on oh it's really dry and normal
doesn't taste of anything no it's just
kind of dry and there it could use like
a lot of saliva in my mouth but I'm find
it quite hard to talk but yeah I don't
really a mess with water we're gonna
color wash pushing it around my mouth it
made my mouth or uh-huh it looks
disgusting I look like something from a
horror movie
my tongue is so black it's just kind of
dry it doesn't taste or anything it
doesn't taste back but I'm gonna leave
this on for five minutes and then I'm
gonna come back and show you the results
this is what it looks like a few kind of
spat out all the gross stuff and it
makes your mouth washes so much so I was
kind of like will this work will this
not work guess we'll have to see but it
does look a bit whiter from first
instant but I guess that's just because
it's compared to the black right now so
I'm going to go ahead and just wipe this
all off so this is what my teeth look
like before this is the result I
it's gotten a bit white it hasn't got
like massively white but I think you
need to try a few times for it does up
but it's definitely whiter and it feels
like squeaky-clean but my tongue is
black that's the only thing I've
scrubbed it quite a lot and it did
create quite a mess when you're like
spitting it out but I'm quite happy with
the results it doesn't taste gross like
bicarbonate of soda or anything like
that it doesn't really taste of anything
it just makes your mouth water quite a
lot but apart from that it's absolutely
amazing I really hope that you enjoyed
this video and if you did don't forget
to give it a thumbs up and also
subscribe see you tomorrow bye
