hi guys today's video is going to be a
what's in my bag video and I love
watching these types of videos so I
decided to do one for myself and I
really hope that you enjoy it my bag
just from accessorized I got it for
Christmas I think it cost 35 pounds and
it's just a super simple bag you guys
probably don't know this why I actually
wear glasses these ones are just from
Calvin Klein I use them when I'm looking
at my computer watching TV is just
things that can kind of strain my eyes
and they look like this then I've got my
purse and this is from Armani Exchange
it's just this gorgeous gray pass is
like this when you open it up it just
has a bit in the middle and then two
side sections my client in Bangkok for
you is my Vera Wang princess and I think
it's so handy because normally my lids
fall off my path for you and sometimes
they leak but this one you really have
to pull to get it off then I've got my
little pouch and this is just filled
with pads and things like that but I
love how pretty this pouch is it's just
from Primark it cost me three pounds but
I just think it's nicer than hanging
with your pads and stuff floating around
your bag but army light but my grandma
brought me I don't know if you can see
how bright it is on camera but it's just
it's literally blinding some
antihistamines really round in fact for
I am allergic to most Browns of ketchup
if it's Heinz then it's fine
but if it's not then I have a really
really bad reaction and my lips get all
swollen got my retainer you can't
actually see this one it's my cruise I
even thinking notice until I start
talking it's not because I've had braces
or anything I clench my jaw and it cause
like jaw problems where I can't open my
mouth I've got a compact and this one I
got free with a birthday thing I got I
think it's carrot sauce it's just rose
gold and it's really really pretty then
I've got my carrots this is just my hand
gel it's a much left next up we've got
my keys I've got men's Waitrose Carl man
it's pretty good if you get one of these
you get like free coffees and things
when you go to store and in my little
side pocket I've got my list our
lipgloss and this is in zero for fuchsia
and I've got my land lip banana bomb
which is such a good moisturizing lip
balm I've got some stamps I don't know
why then
then I've got a little dollar sign
necklace and I've got some theater
tickets and it's for a show I saw the
other night it's in the Haight I really
really loved it I've got my monster
charger and this is meant to charge your
iPhone option three times I think is so
it's really handy when you're on the go
or if you're just lazy like me and you
don't like to sing volume plugs and
you're like walking around the house
with your phone when it is long battery
it's just super super good I also carry
around another charger just in case
anyone I'm with doesn't have battery
this one's from juice cube you just
shake it and it comes up with lights to
tell you how trashed it is charges up to
100% and you just use your normal cable
with that I've got an umbrella because I
live in England and it rains all of the
time it's so so annoying but this one is
just from Fulton
it's a gorgeous blue color and I really
love it but some tissues because I am
queen of the codes got my sense because
I didn't really like them I carry around
just for other people but slips are my
favorite so I carry on big ones of that
I have a lighter I don't smoke but I
just use it for candles and things when
I'm out but - Burt's Bees lip balms one
of them is the nourishing mango one and
the other ones just that original minty
one and I think that is it thank you so
much for watching this video I really
hope you enjoyed it and if you did don't
forget to give it a thumbs up and
subscribe see you next week bye
