hi guys today's video is going to be a
Primark haul and I'm so excited to show
you what I picked up because I started
to bring their full collection in which
is my favorite collection
it always is I love knitwear so I'm just
going to get straight into it now
so the first thing I picked up was this
gorgeous mushroom colored cable knit
cardigan and this was quite pricey I was
surprised by the price it cost for
pounds I was expecting it to be more
around 6 or 8 pound mark but I felt it
and it felt so comfy and also I can't
not buy this so I decided to pick it up
it has buttons down the side analysts or
pockets here I was so excited when I
found this because I wasn't expecting to
find anything like this in program at
the moment there really is their Jersey
stuff at the moment like the Kardashians
and they have like lots of knitwear but
they don't ever have like really nice
going out dresses and I found this
gorgeous little black dress it goes down
to my knee and I'm 5 to sit for a bit
tall it will be a bit shorter on you but
it is just really classic really plain
the only detailing it really has is this
hoop on the back which i think is really
nice so it's really strappy looks just
looks like this and it's super super
cute this cost 10 pounds which I thought
was such a bargain it feels really nice
it's kind of like cracking material the
only problem is is this is a size 8 and
I normally fit into a size it really
well it was a bit big I recommend you
could do go size down and really into
short sleeve stuff at the moment so I
decided to pick this up it's really nice
and love the striped detail is really
slimming when you put it on and also it
has this kind of high neck is is a
bottle top neck I think it's a bottle
top bag so it goes a bit up and it isn't
as like long as a turtleneck then it has
these really gorgeous shorts loose I
think this is three pounds I've taken
the label offer I picked up two inch
accessories today the first one being
this please smooth this any costs 2
pounds and it's super comfy and then I
picked up this I think is mittens I
think they're cool
but they have that thing where you can
just like slide your hand through so
it's just there there isn't anything to
stop the fingers but I thought it was
really pretty because it has this power
button that keeps down the top of the
mitten pot so I decided to pick this up
this was three pounds but they're really
comfy and so pretty so I didn't mind the
next item I picked up with this gorgeous
cable-knit jumper and this is actually
from the men's section I really like
shopping in the men's section because
then you get that oversized look but
this cost 14 pounds and I'm gonna start
at first was like that's too much but
then at the end of my shop I was like
you know what I have a bit of money left
over I might as well and it is so comfy
and it's really good quality so
hopefully it'll last me a while it is
really big it's about two of me I think
it would just be perfect for lazy days
and yeah it was just really really
pretty my favorite thing I picked up
today with this gorgeous night shirt and
this just has loads of wildlife on it's
like Scrolls days and it's around by
really pretty trees it also has this
gorgeous pink blue and also a lovely
lace detailing and the color was just
gorgeous
like that powder-blue look and it's also
super stretchy and super comfy this one
cost four pounds and I just bought with
such a bargain then I picked up some
ballerinas I really like this because
they have a cutout detail on them and
then they have a material underneath it
so like water and stuff when going
through your shoes so easily and also
the color is gorgeous it cost six pounds
and I just thought that was so pretty
and practical and last smaller so
necklaces so I picked that this is a
pink necklace and it only goes to pound
so I thought it was such a bargain I
also picked up a three set of bracelets
this comes in Rose go silver and gold
and they just have a triangle detail on
the front of them and they're just
bangles this only cost two pounds for
the whole pack I love this will makeup
bags make always catch me out because
they're always on the aisle so I decided
we cut this one and have cut out DSL on
the front and the rest of it just plain
white it's just a dinky little makeup
bag I was looking to pick up a coat
today but all the coats that were there
one in my size so I decided to pick up
this gorgeous car key jacket it has
pockets everywhere which I thought was
really handy if I was ever to go on
walks and also it has
we go detailing around here and their
little buttons on the shoulders which I
thought was really really nice
it cost 14 pounds which is pretty
standard for a park of it's such an ugly
color and it's really lightweight so I
thought it was worth it I'm really torn
on the next item because I thought I was
going to come with a shirt and a jumper
but it's kind of like the two mixed
together so it's got a shark collar it's
kind of that pixie color it's really
nice and then it's got a jumper and then
on the bottom it tricks this is how it
trophy it's got buttons and it's got
this material but on the background and
got anything I thought like shirt was
just kind of jumbled up in it but it
wasn't it's just one thing and this
costs twelve pounds which I think's such
a ripoff what is because you can buy out
the two separate for much cheaper so I
think I'm going to return this a really
disappointing cuz it looks really nice
on but it isn't worth 12 pounds thank
you so much for watching my video don't
forget to Like subscribe and comment if
you enjoyed it see you next week bye
