hi guys so today's video is going to be
on DIY open wine cards if you don't know
what open wine cards are the basic cards
that say open when and then they'll say
an event so I'm going to give you some
ideas of what to person it and how to
make it so the first thing you're going
to need is some color paper that's at
least 12 by 12 inches a ruler a pencil
and a glue and also some scissors the
first thing we're going to do is just
measure 8.5 inches by 11 inches on the
paper and then just mark it down after
we've cut out we're going to fold the
paper lengthways making sure that the
corners are touching and then we're
going to fold it after we folded it
going to open up grab the top right
corner and then bring it in to the
center fold this is going to make the
flap that goes over so it's the actual
closing envelope part we're just going
to do the exact same to the left hand
side and we're going to grab that and
then bring it to the center
then from both the left and right hand
sides we're going to fold an inch in
we're going to use this bit to glue it
down and stick it all together after
that we're going to go halfway down the
paper and fold it and also fold the flap
over then we're going to open it up and
glue down inch bits again and stick it
together this is a list of all the
letters I wrote and I'm just going to
talk you through what I put in some of
them now the first one I did is open
when you graduate and I put a nice photo
of us a silly photo of him a letter to
him in the future and also some sweets
around the streets I realized they'd
probably be out dates why perhaps and
things around its name this probably be
out date
I've also suggested some things to
listen to you open when you need a laugh
is one of my favorites I've suggested
some things to watch like Iggy Azalea
freestyling based in the stores by olan
Rogers which is one of the funniest
YouTube videos out there and I've also
put some silly photos of us in there
along with a letter ice like a moon
emoji to the envelope so when he opens
it that'll be the first thing he sees I
also did when you first receive these
and it's just explaining like what
everything is I've got some happy
birthday things in there even though
it's not his birthday because originally
this is meant for his birthday
likewise he puts in sweet I got when
you're missing me a little and in that
I've just got a photo from the first day
we met off last party a little silly
photo and lots of little things but when
you're missing me a lot it's basically
the same thing but with different photos
then I've got when you're ill and I've
suggested some things to eat and drink
some songs to listen to you like soft
kitty and then for a joke I got a photo
of us being all cute and on the back
I've captioned it I hope this makes you
feel more sick for the notes I just got
excess paper from when I cut out the
envelopes and I just folded them over
into a little parcel type thing and then
sellotape them down so the finishing
touches I then wrapped a red ribbon
around them to make them all pretty
thank you so much for watching and I
really hope you enjoyed this video bye
