hi guys so today I'm going to be showing
you some methods of how to grow out your
hair and I've drawn a line where my
hands naturally and then where I pull it
out and point to is where it ends when
it's stretched and I'll show you the
after results at the end of this video
after I've done these methods so the
first thing we're going to do is grab
two eggs and just crack them into I've
use the parks pika you can use a mixing
bowl I just found that the parks is
easier because you can pour it and let's
ignore that I dropped the shell in there
and then we're gonna add four
tablespoons of rapeseed oil it doesn't
matter if you add a bit less or a bit
more we're going to be using this egg
mask because your hair is made of
basically all protein and eggs our
protein so you're just adding more what
your hair's made to into your hair and
after you finish waxing those two
together you're just gonna pour it onto
your hair and I advise doing this over a
bath so when it falls you can just kind
of scoop up into your hands and rub it
back onto your hair it will be quite
hard to kind of mush around when your
hair is dry but it's a lot easier to
tell where everything is and what parts
are covered and which parts aren't if it
is dry so I've personally prefer doing
it that way but you're welcome to white
your hair as well it will have the exact
same results afterwards then I cling for
my hair just so I wouldn't get it over
my clothes and my furniture and I patted
it down just to make sure it was really
secure after leaving my mask in for an
hour I got ready to the second part and
I added two scoops of coconut oil and
then put it in the microwave and as you
can see it just creates a really clear
liquid it can cool down and it can be
really cold and still stay a liquid
which is awesome so I just took out my
hat and I'm just warning you now it will
be very stiff kind of like dry gel after
it's been in here for a while so it will
take you a while to wash out and the
water will be yellow and gross but it
feels so so lovely after you've washed
it out
after thoroughly washing my hair I just
squeezed out of the excess water and
then poured the coconut oil onto my
scalp and then through to the ends once
all the oil was on my Hara to spread it
throughout the ends and then on to my
scalp then I started massaging my scalp
because this stimulates hair growth and
it just means that your scalp could be
really really moisturized and your hair
will be super soft and long afterwards
then we're going to just chuck up into a
top bun and wrap cling film around it
again this will be a little bit messy as
your hair has been wet so just wrap a
little more cling film around it and
then put a towel over your shoulders
just as you would in a hairdresser
I think this mask works best when it's
left in overnight and then washed out
the next morning because then it's
really soft and it's had a lot of time
to sink in as you can see my hair looks
very greasy but then when it's washed
out it's just super shiny and it feels
so soft and it actually grew of it it
passed the green line that I do on a
tiny little bit and then when it was
food actually grew quite a lot which I
was very surprised that so these two
methods are ones that I really recommend
I hope you enjoyed this video and thank
you so so much for watching
