you
for that eyeliner I decided to go
through quite a chick mask applied and
I'm just going to talk you through it
because it might not be completely
obvious by what I'm doing on screen so
the first thing I did was kind of work
it to the point where my eyeshadow ended
on the corner where it was cut very
finely by the scotch tape and then I
just did a very thin line connecting the
rest of it if you don't have a
particular study arm then that method
might not be the easiest one for you so
I did another way to show you how it
also do it so I walked up to the same
point I did on the other eye at the end
of my eyeshadow and then I went back in
opposite direction and just connected it
to my lashline and then after I did that
I colored it in and then drew a thin
line connecting the rest of it
when I found my Boston eyeliner I went
completely out of frame but I used those
two products shown all the links will be
in the description and then I did the
same thing that I did here I just put my
eye instead of drawing it on the
waterline I went around the side as you
can see there
