hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
fixing one-year-old glitter slime slimes
and I'm really excited to show you this
that's up we have cucumber spritzer and
this is a white blue base I really did
not expect this to activate a saw I was
so impressed because even though I had
to add loads of borax probably a whole
cup work when this line was finally
ready it was so thick so glossy and
literally looked as good as new it was
full right to the top I think this is
just because it didn't contain any like
shaving foam or anything that deflated
but it looks as good as new it was so
crunchy and it was so clean so I always
find that white fleece lines always pick
up stuff but this inflated loads it's
smell amazing and was just fab cherry
Italian I see really confused me I
didn't really like this line when I got
it so I didn't play with the asshole I
haven't reactivated it and it's just not
sticky it's so much nicer than when it
first arrived I don't know if it's
because it dried up I just found that it
didn't stick to me at all it was only
slightly sticky if I like stuck my hands
and then took ages to pull it out so I
added a tiny bit but activated I
actually found that this ruined the
slime it made it feel so wet and exactly
how it first like arrived but I wouldn't
particularly like it so I decided to add
some more shaving foam just to kind of
get it into a nicer texture less residue
and also a bit thicker and it became
just like a butter so it was so Airy so
thick it definitely like decrease the
color a bit but it increased the size
made it so much more fun to play with
and the scent for this also smells
amazing it smells so good just like when
it first arrived
strawberry cream cheese is one of her
all-time bestsellers and I remember
being so excited to get this it looked
absolutely amazing in the videos and it
was just as amazing in real life so I
was so excited to see how this held up
because it predominantly clay-based and
I found the clay base on the top stayed
for ready it didn't like go hard but it
stayed really tough
so it wasn't usually sticky when I stuck
my hands him but it definitely had a
sticky layer on the bottom and I tried
to stir it it didn't work because well
the clay he just needs to go with your
hands immediately with this and I found
that this actually got really soft I was
worried that this wouldn't go airy so I
played with it for ages and I was so so
glad to see that it trap loads of air in
but at first it just looks like it's
gonna be like a model magic type slime
but then it turns amazing it still
inflates so much and smells so fresh I
think this is the most impressive thing
about her slimes
I find that so many slimes go off and
kind of smell really bad but hers just
stayed amazingly scented and it's so
impressive
I messed up so bad with hot fudge sundae
so as you can see it has a really cool
layer in it I think the tops like die so
it's really really Airy and then
underneath there's loads of glue I think
this is the slime with most glue apart
from cucumber spritzer that she sent me
and I was just like this is gonna need
loads of activator and this is the first
one it actually reactivated but I added
way too much and obviously because I had
the clay and it makes it a lot tougher
so this didn't stretch at all but this
is completely my fault the color stayed
the same and the sensei the same it was
an amazing slime it was just that I
messed up another huge bestseller for
her is her Apple Laffy Taffy and this is
a clay based one as well it has a clay
layer on top but loads and layers of
glue on Denise I knew this is gonna be
really sticky and the one thing that
really impressed me was this is just as
bright as it was before it was really
easy to stir as well because there was
loads of glue in it and I added a tiny
bit of borax this time and it created
such a nice mixture it did need a lot
more borax than I thought it would
because it has the clay in there but I
guess because it's maybe like dyes oh it
just gets like a bit softer the one
thing I did notice with this is even
though the color and the scent stayed
the same and it was still really thick
it lost a lot of its gloss it was really
really glossy before and it was really
good Niki as well but now it was mostly
like a clay base and I let this sit for
like three days to see it would have
gloss up and it didn't gloss up so it's
still really nice and still really
glossy but just not as glossy as the new
one and this is the first time of hers
that kind of changed a bit but I still
really like it
something that I loved about looking at
the old Syme it's all of the ingredients
split art was I did not know this had so
much clear in it but as you can see this
is 90% clay so when I was pushing my
hand said that it really wasn't sticky
and there was a sticky layer at the
bottom so I think that's a tiny bit of
slime but this is mostly clay which is
super interesting it doesn't feel like
it's entirely clay and this didn't take
much activator asphalt effects and it
became so thick as Curtis knew inflates
so much and it smells just as good as it
was in the beginning
cake batter ice cream was another one
that really surprised me because I
thought this is mo basically of all clay
there's so much slime in here there's a
really thin layer of clay actually as
you can see it the slime underneath is
kind of bumpy which makes me think
there's a drying agent in there kind of
like cornstarch or something else to
give it that texture then it goes back
to exactly how you think it is really
clay like as you can see it's so
confusing to see how it's kind of like
mixed up to how it comes out I did find
that this is a lot more flimsy than it
was originally this is a lot softer
which I don't personally mind but I
think it's a different clay to what she
normally uses just because I feel like
it melted down maybe because it just
wasn't thick at all but it still smells
nice it's still fun to play with it just
is a completely different slime in terms
of texture
so the last one was a berry slime
smoothie and this was one that she liked
purchased loads of loose lines from
different shots mix them up into a slime
smoothie and then stored them for a
reduced price and she also added some
glitters in there but the smell for this
was so bad this was originally purple as
well and tented this like green so I
don't know if it like molded like one of
the slime she bought molded but
obviously this isn't her slime so you
can't blame her for that but thank you
so much for watching this video I really
hope that you enjoyed it if you did
don't forget to give it a thumbs up and
I will see you very soon
