hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
doing a 100% honest review on famous and
underrated slime shops and I really hope
that you enjoy this video first off we
have no mouth lines with our Happy Meal
slow and this is made of mostly pom-poms
so when your pokey in the container it's
actually really hard to poke but as soon
this is out of the container it's so
easy because obviously there's no
pom-poms in the way and it's so thick so
quick and it's also unscented just to
keep it super clear but I don't mind
because this inflates so much and has
the cutest charms next up we have
unicorn mochi which is so cute as a
clear sign but it's slightly cloudy just
because it's scented like bubble gums
but I personally think the Sun makes
this because the pom-poms to me really
look like gum balls are like chewing gum
so I think it's so cute I love the
colors in this it's super thick and it
has pretty nice unicorn chants in there
and there iridescent so it kind of goes
pink purple and blue which are all the
colors in this flow so it pulls the
slime together really nicely
strawberry chiffon cake is so creative
this comes with little fake snow and
like a little packet I think it must be
fixed though I don't know what else that
would be but you sprinkle it on top you
have a list of charm and then in the
slime there's some Java chips and also
this kind of like netted texture thing
that people have been adding recently
which is really cute I don't know what
it's called but it's really nice give
some texture to it and the scent for
this is amazing it's most just like
glitter slime strawberry cream cheese
which I am a huge fan of and it's
inflates so so much Cupid's aru it was
so creative the slime itself is really
thick and clicky but it has these foam
beads on top that kind of feel like Java
chips but they're cut into heart shapes
and I don't know she cuts them out
herself while she buys them but these
are so cute and so creative I've never
seen a slime quite like this and the
texture on this is amazing especially
because it's a heart shape because the
bottom bits kind of pointed but the top
bits are like round obviously so it
gives a nice texture to it and this
smells just like cereal milk
when I saw fairy hearts my first thought
was this is really gonna hurt my hands
when I poke it but I was actually
completely wrong she added so much clear
slime that this didn't hurt at all and I
think because the heart-shaped kind of
rounded on top it just doesn't stick
into you it's so crunchy and it smells
like a mix of cotton and lemon which I
love
sparkling basil lemonade is another
super creative one this is a thick slime
not as thick as the previous ones I
don't think there's like any addict
glycerine in this one but this one is
still super thick absolutely gorgeous as
you can see it's a really vibrant yellow
it comes with iridescent glitters and
also these little like lemon I don't
want to say charms because they're
actually made out of like packing peanut
material you know the like polystyrene
stuff
this is so thick though it smells
amazing really really fresh lemony and
it's just so versatile it has leaves in
there as well little basil leaves
Peters and cream is gorgeous I love how
it falls when you take off the lid it
just looks so cute then it comes with
these little confetti pieces and the
slime itself is so thick and I actually
find pom pom trance really hard to play
with just because I always find it is
not enough slime with it but with this
though is definitely enough slime for me
to be able to poke on the table and even
though it's really horrible and you can
play with it in your hands you can also
play with it just like a normal slime
and this has a really really light scent
of peaches and cream as you can see it's
not cloudy at all and I think that's why
they haven't added much scent in this
but I love it everything came bubble
wraps and nothing leaks at all and she
also included her little stickers on the
top and also these little extras she
included some squishies some foam beads
some activator and also another note pad
which i thought was so lovely next up we
have sandy Sloan's and this is his pink
lemonade one he's actually a UK seller
so I was so shocked to see his clothes
lines was so good this is a fish ball
one as well and fish ball beats are so
hard to get over here they're so
expensive but this was actually a really
affordable slime it smoke just like pink
lemonade and was so crunchy but it
didn't hurt your hands at all it had so
much jelly in it
rainbow sherbet is so pretty it comes
with an array of colors because it's
marbled I actually had to reactivate
this one just because UK slimes
always marked down a bit quicker I think
it's just the glue we have over here but
it's just a little bit too sticky when
you first cut it out so I just added a
bit more activator and with cloud slimes
I just want to put this out there it
helps it results if you find your class
life isn't drizzling much add some more
and you will get it but this smells
exactly like the name and it drizzles so
smoothly sugar cookie frosting is
another cloud slime I actually saw this
listed on his website as a butter slime
which I was really surprised with when I
went to go look at it because I always
read the people's description just to
see if it's what they say it is and like
kind of compare and contrast but this
was a completely different slime so I
really wasn't expecting it I did love it
nonetheless and I really really loved
the charm that comes with it it scented
like the name so it's not just like
sugar cookie and kind of like icing but
it doesn't drizzle as smoothly as the
sherbert slime his butter slimes are the
best butter slimes I've tried in the
whole of the UK I always order UK slimes
and they just aren't good enough but
this slime is so worth the money it's so
affordable for an 8-ounce for like eight
pounds is a really really good price I
don't know how much that would be in
dollars maybe like 13 which is average
price over there I guess but this is so
good for the UK and it smells amazing
just like grape really really fresh and
ah as you can see it's just so fluffy
and inflates so much as well Tiffani's
crunches a large bead phloem it's kind
of like a medium one because it's not
super large beads but they're definitely
not micro beads and it comes with this
super glossy base it's not super thick
but it is a thick slime definitely and
it's really fun to play with again this
one did melt down so I had to reactivate
it but as you can see it's just so worth
it the gloss the colors everything about
this and this smells really fresh I
think kind of like a sweet scent
lemon pound cake is another butter slave
I think this is made with a different
type of clay it wasn't as arias the
grape puree but it was so thick really
creamy as you can see and it smells just
like lemon cake cause of some little
confess ease in there as well which I
thought was a nice touch and I just love
his butter slimes these are the things I
recommend the most pink lemonades a
clear base flow and this is a really
nice one as you can see he's separated
out the foam bead so it all comes
different colors and then the base is an
orange one so when you mix it up it does
turn to orange and the scent is so tangy
it's just like pink lemonade but you
know when lemonade is like freshly
opened and really fizzy that's what the
scent smells like it there's no other
way to describe it frozen pineapple was
one that I didn't really like at first
just because this inflates so much so at
first when it's deflated it's just super
super tough I kind of did like different
things to try and help it so I started
like swallow it and this trap loads of
air in it made it inflate and made it so
soft to touch and it was really easy to
kind of play with and get some crunch
out of it and it's smart just like
pineapple and it turned out really good
mint choc chip is a really nice white
glue baseflow and this has such a soft
crunch the bees in it aren't super
crunchy but they give it loads of
texture and oh this lo is so creamy it
smells amazing it isn't like an O
powering mint it kind of smells like a
chocolate mint like after eight I always
say there's about a chocolaty mint scent
so nice but this is so soft really nice
to play with and I love the Sun I think
this is one of my favorite scents he
used frozen Hawaiian is so nice it comes
with like a really cute little jelly
cube bit on top which I guess is where
the frozen comes from because they kind
of like ice cubes this smells so fresh
kind of like fresh pineapples and I just
love this cold places is a really nice
slam it's super clear it doesn't have
any scent to it so that's probably why
it's so clear but all the gold flakes
are kind of mushed up and on the top and
when you get out of things Tina it's so
pretty the only problem with gold flakes
is when they're added into slime they
kind of acts like when they're added
into water and they start rusting so the
slime will turn kind of gray or like
green sometimes after you've had it for
a long time and even though this slime
itself will be fine to play with and
it's still really nice it does kind of
look gross so that's something to
consider when buying this
I don't know how to describe green tea
macaron I think it's probably like a
white glue based icy slime I guess it's
really nice really crunchy I love the
texture of this and it's mark just like
macarons he included his standard extra
packs and everything came bubble wraps
comes with borax and also some cashews I
really hope that you enjoyed this video
I'm so sorry I haven't been posting much
recently I'm gonna hoped to get back on
a schedule or posting twice a week thank
you so much for watching this video I
really hope that you enjoyed it and if
you did don't forget to subscribe and
give this video a thumbs up and I will
see you next week
