hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
doing and adding too much of everything
into slime video because it's you guys
it's very rude slightly slanted to do
another one and I'm also gonna be doing
a giveaway sustain change at the end but
I stopped we're gonna be adding too much
confetti and all of these are from Kauai
slam company because she sent me a huge
package last month and I basically
haven't gone around snoozing all the
extra she sent me so I decided to make
this really really colorful confetti
slime and I started off with a six ounce
clear slime and when you see the size of
this at the end you're gonna be like
whoa that does not look like a six ounce
as you can see here it kind of just
looks like a crunchy slime it kind of
acts like beads but obviously the
textures very different because they're
all different sizes but it's still
really really crunchy so I decided add
is much confetti as I possibly could I
probably added about a cup worth of
confetti in this was six ounces so as
you can see it is getting a lot bigger
so crunchy didn't hurt my hands at all
which I'll from really surprised with
and I also recommend using really sticky
slime if you're gonna do this because as
you can see it this inflates so much but
it also holds in so many beads and it's
so crunchy and I'm in love with this the
next thing we're going to be adding too
much of is gold leaf and I'm really
obsessed with gold leaves as you can see
it just looks perfect when you stick
your hands into it especially in clear
them because you can see everything
being mixed in so perfectly I was like
you know what I want to see what happens
when I add loads and loads of gold
leaves in so I decided to add probably
about 50 I starts by adding like 10 as
you can see here and it is pretty
crunchy it's really nice I didn't find
the gold leaf stuck to me much at first
because they were just sticking in the
slime but the more gold leaves I was
adding the more it was sticking to me
and I was just becoming a gold person as
well as playing with a gold slime and
the only bad thing about using gold
leaves in the slime especially if you're
a slime seller is that they rust so it
kind of turns the slime green which is
kind of gross when you're first adding
it it looks amazing and as you can see
this is what I'm starting adding black
way too much and it becomes so tough
like a really tough consistency it's
really fun to play with but it's more of
a putty but it still looks super cool
next up we're gonna be adding too much
of crunchy beads and I don't actually
know what these beads are called I think
maybe sugar beads but I wasn't sure so I
just put crunchy beads but I added loads
of food coloring just to make the slime
a bit more sticky and then I started to
add my beads and as you can see I
literally just poured the whole pack on
like this was a 500 gram pack and I
ended up mixing this all into the slime
so it became massive and so crunchy
obviously your girl is adding too much
today so I added way more and I found
that this became so crunchy it did start
to hurt my hands a bit I'm not gonna lie
to you but it was so fluffy it inflated
so much and the crunches were just like
immediate like you didn't have to create
bubbles the slime became increasingly
harder to mix in especially with the
crunchy beads so I decided to act like a
moat and then pull all the beads in the
middle and start mixing and kind of just
folding it instead of like trying to
push it in because it wasn't sticking
particularly well but it became so so
crunchy I was obsessed with this and as
she saw before the slime was literally a
six ounce and then it turned into three
pots of slime it was like two and a half
eight ounces but still crazy
I decided to add too much dye so clay
because I know adding too much into
normal slime makes it really tough but I
was like what happens if I add it into
really sticky slime as you can see it
this is just a bunch of goop underneath
and it was very hard to mix in because
obviously the clay is of a tough
consistency and the goop isn't but when
I mixed in it was really slime like it
was very clear like obviously because
there's so much more clay but it was
really creamy spread pretty well the
only thing I found difficult was like
pulling a slime to try and make it like
for like a normal slime curious of what
would happen next I decided to add two
more daizo cubes and as you can see it
just becomes more and more tough to
stick in and it doesn't really stretch
out so it was very very hard I ended up
just having to kind of like knead it in
like actual dough because obviously you
can't stretch like cooking dough and
this isn't cooking day this isn't edible
just just putting that out there but
this is so fun at once it's actually
done it's a lot just like it's just like
clay but softer and also colored it
looks like frosting so I decided add way
more slime just to kind of fix it and
get the final outcome and this made such
a perfect slide the slime was so thick
and so creamy that I was like I have to
put this up and you do you do a giveaway
do a giveaway so I decided to giving
away five pots of eight ounce slimes of
these but just because they're amazing
when I was first getting into slime one
of my favorite things was watching
people like destroy their makeup and
pudding inside just because I like the
angry comments that come on to me so
feel free to vent yourself in the
comments because they always make me
laugh
and I really enjoyed doing this because
this is a ton of old makeup I literally
never use like this Victoria Secret lip
gloss literally I've had since I've been
12 so a very very long time now and I
decided to mix it all in and when I mix
the end it was kind of gross because I
made it a sticky slime just in case
they're like eyeshadow hardened up I
just found the lipstick really hard to
mix in but it was still really metallic
and cute after seeing how cute the
confetti looked in the slime I decided
to add too many charms and I found these
chants online they were just like the
type that people make jewelry with I
could like resin charms I think but
these are so so cute and I should have
made this slime stick here it annoys me
watching this clip because they're not
sticking in properly but this made the
crunchiest slime it's so colorful it's
so so pretty and I love these charms and
they're so so cute I should probably
give this one away too you know what I'm
gonna give one of these away to actually
no no I don't want to I like this too
much
next up I'm gonna be adding too much
fixed note and to be honest this really
reminded me of my first cloud slam
tutorial before it kind of became a
trend and I didn't know how to make it
no one else really knew how to make it
so I'm just winging it people told me it
was fixed though in there and then I
just chucked way too much in and it was
kind of a disaster but this is the
proper snow this is the snow wander that
everyone uses for it so I was like I
wonder what happens when you add loads
of this into the slime so I started to
mix it up and as you can see this slime
is really tough you guys may not know
this but fake snow actually really melts
down slime so I decided to just kind of
over activate it and preempt the melting
and then I found that my snow was wasted
too right so this was just a disaster I
was like how do I fix this so I decided
to try and kind of like salvage it and
just mix it all in and then I was like
you know what girl you can I have to
just give in you're gonna have to go get
some water wet everything up see what
happens then so I went in gush water all
over it and as you can see it expands so
much and it's still really dry so I
probably should have added even more
water and then I found that the slime
was just huge because I wasn't like
taking out putting it like a normal
class time so it wasn't getting the
slimy effect and I'm pretty sure I did
so much more snow than I have sorry
so this slide was so gross it didn't
stick together it was kind of like
stringy kind of bouncing but not like it
just wasn't good wasn't good don't do
this guys thank you so much for watching
this video I really hope that you
enjoyed it and if you did don't forget
to give it a thumbs up and if you're
waiting for the giveaway all you're
gonna have to do is subscribe to my
channel make sure you what's gonna say
make sure you watch this video to the
end but if you're here then you clearly
have and also just leave a comment with
a way for me to contact you with either
a Twitter app or an Instagram and I put
it on my story or like tweet you if I
found you out through Twitter and then
if you don't contact me back in 24 hours
I would choose a new winner and winner
will be announced in two weeks time from
this video day I'm not sure when this
video is going up but two weeks time
from
and yeah I hope you have an amazing week
I will see you next week and I love you
guys so much
