hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
doing a review of underrated and famous
slang shops and I really hope that you
enjoy it
so first up we have so sweet Sloan with
her spring candy buffet and I am
obsessed with it my favorite thing about
this slam has to be the charms it comes
with just because they are so cute but
the colors in this are also amazing so
the base is super creamy and thick and
it kind of has a matte finish at first
which i thought was super cool I think
it probably has some clay in that or the
color at the base of the slime looks so
good next to the colorful Java chips and
also flame beers and we also have some
marshmallow beads so this is so
texturally varied as you can see it
inflates so much next up we have rainbow
mochi and this is a really really thick
clear slab as you can see it's crystal
clear it kind of feels like a when
you're poking it but the moment you
start stretching it it just feels like a
normal slime it is very hard to poke
into the container though just because
the balls rise to the top and they're so
hard they aren't the soft ones that you
can squeeze they're one of those ones
that kind of just get in the way but
they're really fun to play with what's
out the container and the nail confetti
really adds some texture to it as well
and this is unscented just to keep it
super clear cloud9 came with this really
cute little cloud squishy which I
thought was such a nice touch because
normally with these types of slimes you
get loads of charms but I don't know I
think adding a squishy is a really cool
undone thing slime does have a tiny bit
of residue as you can see it is slightly
wet but it's also so drizzly and I found
the more you play with it the drier it
got and I'm sure if you got added some
cornstarch or whatever it would be
absolutely perfect
hasil body foam is a really great one if
you're really into flown beats
personally I think that could be a tiny
bit more slime in there just to make it
a bit easier to play with as you can see
there's still plenty
it isn't scented but I think that a bit
of scent could be added just because the
slime isn't super clear anyway
everything came in super sturdy
containers and nothing leaked and it had
such lovely extras in there we had some
flame beads some really nice formost
slices slime instructions and OSIS and
borax next up we have corn with slime
and nutella gloss is one of my favorite
things ever and I know I'm gonna be
slated for how I pronounce Nutella but
just how I say it so it starts off
really shiny just like the normal
detailer does and then when you stretch
out it becomes mat like when you spread
it out and toast and I just thought this
was so realistic it did kind of leave me
wondering if the food we're eating is
really real because this literally looks
like Nutella and it smells just like it
as well has a really chocolaty Sun I
would say it's more chocolaty than Hales
and I see that this is amazing
as you can see the inflation on this is
also so crazy
nacho gloss is amazing this one is so
thick so glossy and also really clicky
it's one of those slimes that once you
stop playing with that you can't stop
which is so annoying when you're filming
a review video and you have like 50
slimes to film but I am obsessed with
this my own one smells like bananas but
after looking at her page I think she's
actually started to since it like cheese
it which personally I think sounds
amazing and I really like how thick and
glossy this is and we're so affordable
so this is one of my favorite slimes
ever is really an on trend slime at the
moment in how thick is I thought craps
in the sand was ingenious because clouds
light really do look a lot like sand
especially when they're being drizzled
and just kind of falling down but the
way she colored this as well it looks
exactly like something you'd find on a
beach obviously a lot more clean not
gritty at all see
supid Risley at first it doesn't drizzle
super smoothly but then the more you
pull it out the thicker it gets and it's
just so fun to play with and it's not
wet at all it's one of those ones that's
super super dry and it's super drizzly
and also affordable and I thought it
would be really fun to kind of mold it
into a normal sandcastle asleep so I
just did a ice cream and then put the
little crap thing and it was really fun
I love this lime corn bread crums is my
favorite scented slime ever I've never
actually tried corn bed at crome brewed
cornbread I don't think they have it in
the UK but it kind of smells weird when
you kind of like just have it in the pot
it kind of just smells like a baked good
then when you take out it smells like
kind of caramelized bananas I don't know
how the scent changes but I'm obsessed
with this pac-man is an unscented super
thick clear slime it's so so gorgeous
it's a really dark purple but then when
you pull it out it just comes out like a
light purple and this stays clear for so
long everything came bubble wraps and
nothing leaks at all included a
maple-glazed bacon sandwich I've been
literally wearing as perfume which is
probably really gross and then make up
some climb care stuff and borax and then
next up we have floral slides and this
is amazing it's kind of like a jiggly
slime at first in my just because it
kind of melts it down in the post but it
has these super cute cow charms in there
and it's so clear and so so cliquey I
did find that once I activated it again
it became thicker it isn't scented as
far as I'm aware I might just not be
able to tell it or it might just be
really lightly scented but I really like
this and inflated a ton
rose quartz did leak a bit which is why
this not all the container in there but
there would have been a lot more jelly
and this is actually so nice just as it
is I think it would have been even
better with extra slime but it was still
so nice when your hands it didn't has a
tool and it was so crunchy so clear and
I had a light floral scent for extra she
included some sweets some care
instructions and also a baggie of borax
next up we have bad boys lines and this
is her sweet box clear slime it as you
can see it's slightly cloudy but that's
not because it's dirty it's just because
it's really scented has a really nice
sweet scent as the neighbors suggest and
it comes with so many charms I was
shocked at how big they were but also
how many there were I don't know if this
is coming with like every single sign or
if I just got this one specially but if
it comes with everyone this is amazing
and it also has some Holly glitters in
there which I thought was so pretty
strawberry cloud has such a gorgeous
pink color I'm obsessed with this and it
kind of has a glossy base isn't was a
tool but it kind of looks like it is in
the pot so I think it might be a mix of
clear and white glue for the base and
this smells amazing it's much just like
fresh strawberries kind of like a fresh
strawberry cream and I'm obsessed with
this I just think it's so great so soft
and super drizzly strawberry mochi is a
really nice clear slide I had to
reactivate it which is why it's kind of
cloudy here but it comes with white
flame beans and also really really big
pom-poms and also some small ones in
there for texture I did find this kind
of hard to play with just because I
don't really know how to play with
pom-pom jobs but they're really fun to
play with you're just squishing it in
your hand but that doesn't look very
nice on video but this is a really nice
slam it isn't scented just to keep it
super clear and I love the colors of
this and also the clarity it's so so
clear super thick all her clear slimes
are actually I was very impressed with
that
Vienna sausage sundae really made me
laugh just because of the name it's
probably relating to something that
sells somewhere but I'm not familiar
with it so it made me giggle it has a
really nice base it's super clicky super
glossy and it has sling confetti in
there as well as a really nice light
pink Java chips which I don't normally
see they normally have like brown ones
or really red ones but this is super
cute I am obsessed for the smell for
mocha coffee cake this smells just like
a is like a really creamy latte scent
but it isn't overpowering scent it's
just amazing I couldn't stop sniffing
this one I loved it it has a thicker
base in the one before but it's still a
Java chip has some marshmallow beads in
there just out of texture but like I
said the scent on this is amazing if you
like coffee scents definitely go for
this one
everything came bubble wraps - nothing
leaked and for extra she included some
face masks and borax and also some Kashi
instructions and I really loved her
package thank you so much for watching
this video I really hope that you
enjoyed it and if you did don't forget
to give it a thumbs up and also leave
some suggestions for future videos in
the comments they don't have to be
relating to slime thank you again for
watching and I will see you next week
