hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
doing a satisfying clay mixing video and
I really hope that you enjoy I'm
actually gonna be giving away all the
slimes in this videos if you do want
some don't forget to stay tuned to the
end so the first time we're going to be
making is the typical dies a slime with
some clear slime and I loved how this
looked when it poured but it did bunch
up a lot in the middle so I just went
and spread it around before I pressed it
into the clay I am obsessed with these
little patches of clay I always get sent
in to my PA box I decided to buy a big
pack and make a rainbow slime and
instead of kind of mixing it in with
white slime so it was a lot easier to
see all the colors makes then I decided
to do it with clear slime because I
thought this looks so nice they
literally look like liquid glass and I
was dropping up over it and it was so
fun to play with
pink is one of my favorite colors so I
decided to do an entirely pink slime
starting up with these little pink
labels now I decided to add some really
nice metallic pigment and then some
confetti and for the finishing touch I
added a clay heart in the top right
corner
the next clean mixing clip is inspired
by snoops lines and she didn't awesome
rainbow once I tried to recreate that
and as you can see mine didn't go
anywhere near as well as hers how's
little your pretty rainbow mine was kind
of sticky and was just not anywhere and
air is nice it was still very fun to
watch this one's a slimy Yoda recreation
and this was so much fun to mix in I
found that that was literally no sound
with that though because Carson doesn't
really make sound at the clay didn't
make any sound either but this was so so
fun so the class I was really tres Lee
and like you can see here it becomes
more of a doughy texture and then the
more you play with it the more fun it
gets I'm not kidding this is literally
like a birthday cake so it still has
that cloud feel in that when you pull it
it is a bit stringy and does flow but it
isn't really really loose like it was
before it's really like a dough so
relaxing and so fun and so so pretty as
well it looks just like a birthday cake
doesn't it
after doing my rainbow mixing I still
had so much blue clay less I decided to
do an entirely blue slime and talk to
with these lists were like mini fishbowl
beads and these are from Kauai slang
company
I've seen so many clear plots on
Instagram recently and I thought would
be so fun to just do one and it was
really hard to do actually it really
took a lot of technique and you can't
get it very tight but I decided to cover
this in clear slime because I thought
this would be really fun to see mix and
another thing that is so popular at the
moment is slimeballs and as you can see
I've just got a bunch of different
colors again is loads left over from the
slime pack and I've also got some daizo
in there so it would be really fun to
see what texture this made
this is kind of experimental one I
haven't seen anyone do this before I'm
not sure if I am the first one because
everyone's already done every idea but I
decided to make some pigment and dyes
out into white slime and actually showed
through a lot I was really surprised at
how well the pigment showed as you can
see it's still really metallic the more
you mix it in the less metallic it gets
and you can see that it isn't kind of
working in the pigment it's more of like
a coloring thing but it's still so fun
and I loved mixing this in
I just love slime parties and everything
so I decided to mix them pussy into dyes
oh and some white slime and this was
really fun actually it kind of worked
like clear slime on top and it looked so
pretty as you can see they're just
gorgeous when they're being poked anyway
but then just wow wow
I saw it Instagram it to a really
satisfying thing well she scooped Isaac
lay out like it was ice cream and I
tried to do that and as you can see on
the second one it just completely ruined
the blocks I was like let's improvise
let's do something different so I added
some shaving foam but as you guys know
this has bicarbonate of soda in it so it
makes the slime activate a lot so even
so this slime was really sticky when I
added it in it became so tough literally
like the toughest thing ever so I have
to add some white slime and not didn't
even save it as you can see in the next
clip it just stayed it's kind of like a
rubber ball didn't like this went
straight in the bin so the next time I'm
gonna be creating is one by slimey Yoda
and the lighting went so weird in this
one I don't know what was happening it
just went really bright and yeah this
happened but it was it was okay
thank you so much for watching this
video I really hope that you enjoyed it
if you want chance to win all of the
slides in this video don't forget to
check out the description the only thing
you have to do is leave a comment with
your Instagram are all your Twitter out
so I have a way of contacting you and
also subscribe to this YouTube channel I
hope that you enjoy this video and I
will see you next week
