hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
doing a 100% honest review of famous and
underrated slime shops and I really hope
that you enjoy it first up we have slime
jellies and this is the most creative
container I've ever received a slime in
and it's actually a pistachio colored
macaron and inside it is the creamiest
slime of all time it could have butter
slime but I actually don't think it's
made with daizo because this is just so
soft and so creamy and I've never felt a
slime quite like this so I think it has
a unique clay in it and it's not just
like pistachios bright crystal is
probably my favorite slime she sent me
is a really gorgeous hot pink clay slime
the slime is absolutely gorgeous by
itself but it also comes with some
hollow glitter and a little baggie and
it also comes with this really really
nice bright diamond this is scented like
the Versace bright crystal perfume so I
thought the crystal was such a nice
touch and the slime itself is just
beautiful as you can see my hand sinks
into it but it's so smooth and also so
thick which is unique because when
slimes are normally really creamy they
do tend to just kind of fall apart and
not hold shape but this whole shapes so
well it's so thick but yet it go has
just kind of sink into it like butter
and I am obsessed with this slime
peach please is such a cute place Lima
has a really thick clay layer on the top
and then underneath has a really soft
clay layer so it gives it a nice
contrast when you mix and it turns into
this electric orange color and it smells
so gorgeous just like peaches it's more
of a soft and loose lime than the bright
crystal one and it still really spreads
and it comes with a really cute peach
charm lavender chip ice cream is such a
glossy slime and as you can see it's so
thick as well it has this really nice
Java chip chunks in there and it smells
like lavender chocolate but more of like
a chocolaty smelled in lavender banana
moo milk is a really thick and glossy
slime it doesn't make particularly good
clicks if you want to click it's lime I
wouldn't buy this but it is so fun to
play with I really like playing with it
in the palm of my hand and just
squishing it down rather than poking it
because as you can see here it isn't
rubbery but it definitely doesn't kind
of work like a normal clicky slime and I
do find the more you play with it the
more it inflates and it becomes so so
thick almost like a clay slime and it
comes with two little cow charms and
smells just like a banana smoothie
parse of wisdom is such a beautiful
charm and as you can see this is a clear
slam based and it's slightly cloudy just
because it's scented like blue cotton
candy and there's so much glitter in
there I love this slime because it has
these color shift piles in there you
know the pink blue ones and just loads
of different colors so it looks so
ascetically pleasing and it also has
some fishbowl beads in there so when
you're playing with it it gets such a
range of textures while staying
absolutely gorgeous this also stays
quite clear because as you can see it
starts off a bit cloudy so it doesn't
really change from that well extra she
included the super cute hallo notepad
which I'm obsessed with she also
included a really cute little octopus
pen which is kind of similar to her logo
and also slank hair sheets and Bora next
up we have mock mugs and this is peach
meringue and this is a beautiful slime
it's like a butter slime but softer and
it also has a bit of texture I think
with added fake snow in there and this
is beautiful
I've never felt a slime quite like this
it's just so soft so creamy and so
relaxing because of how smoothly were
hands sink in there
Patsey for is a really unusual texture
so it has a really thick and glossy base
but on top it has these chunks and
they're not foam chunks but they're
quite thick and they give a nice crunch
but they don't hurt your hands at all so
it's a really cool combo as you can see
this really is so thick but it also
inflates so much and kind of becomes
more matte and also just so fluffy I
really enjoyed playing with this and
it's not just like a lemon meringue hi
tea smells like a sweet tea scent and it
comes with these really cute pastel
flames I'm so into this just because
it's coming into summer and it's just
such a nice color combo that extras were
amazing they included this really cute
rose lollipops and little glitters a
slime class she also borax and
everything came bubble wrap - nothing
leak next up we have milk bun sloan's
and this slime smells amazing it smells
pretty lightly like s'mores and it's a
soup thick clay slime with some really
nice added texture with small and big
flowing beads and also those FOMO slices
at the bottom and I really love that my
hand sinks into it but it's still super
super thick I do you find this inflates
so much and the more it inflates the
looser it becomes and it's also a lot
softer
next up we have tan tree I see cream and
I love the name of this because it does
have a slightly icy texture it has quite
a lot of fake snow in there so it has a
buttery smooth feel but it's also soso
textured and really cute to play with it
also has like little clusters I thought
they were firm eye slices at first but
they're not and it's really lightly
scented like tangerine this is a really
loose clay slime so if you like soft and
fluffy ones that really inflate you're
gonna love this one because look at how
big this gets it gets so much bigger
than its container and it's so fun to
play with mochi male choco-pie doesn't
actually smell it's cool like the name I
was really expecting a chocolaty scent
but this smells a lot like peaches and
it has a really lovely texture because
has fine beads in there but it also has
some Java chips and I love the loose
texture of this is it actually meant to
be really thick I did like kind of let
it melt down a bit because I like to
play with the looser Java chip ones
because I find them a lot more fun to
play with
chuckle melt mochi milk is such a cute
slime it's so cliquey is really nice
thick base and it comes with such cute
passing flowing beads on top and this is
just the most amazing smelling slime it
reminds me a lot of Christmas like after
rates and just Christmas scents honey
milk doesn't smell like the name
actually smells like a creamy coconut
pineapple kind of like pina colada smell
but this is such a gorgeous line to play
with it's super clicky super glossy and
I'm just so obsessed with this because
it's really thick but also quite loose
so you can I don't know this is a really
hard one to describe but it's really fun
to play with strawberry Pegasus cream
smooth just like the glitter slime
strawberry cream cheese slime and I was
so shocked with this because I haven't
smelled any other slugs that smell like
this because glitter flowers I think
mixes her own sense so this is a really
unique one and it smells so so good it
was it feels really nice it's a loose
base but it has really nice textured
like marshmallow beads in there and also
some foam beads
every item was sealed with this really
cute iridescent packaging and nothing
leaks at all and she included the most
amazing extras included this like
glitter gel some borax some care sheets
and also just the kindest kiss ever
thank you so much for watching this
video I really hope that you enjoyed it
and if you did don't forget to give it a
thumbs up and I will see you next week
