hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
adding too much of everything into slime
and I tried to find some things I
haven't seen done before I really hope
that you enjoy this video the first
thing we're going to be adding too much
of is Posse and I was really curious as
to what this would do to the slime
because as most of you know puss he's
kind of like slime but it kind of has a
more rubbery plasticky feeling so when I
was mixing in I was kind of like is this
gonna ruin it completely and then I was
like this is the whole point of the
video tile don't dress out so out of
about eight pots and when I was poking
it at first it felt just like a slime
really didn't have a different effect at
all it just had really awesome colors so
I started pulling up then I noticed my
slime was really activating a lot
obviously I hadn't added any activator
since buying the posses so I think
there's an ingredient that makes the
posse not melt which also makes the
slime over activate it doesn't kind of
keep the same effect on the slime as it
does in the posse because I found that I
could melt my slime down very easily
it's very hot in England at the moment
so I just left on the window so by the
Sun and it turned into this amazing
slime as you can see here very thick
very rubbery and then it just starts
falling smoothly it's so creamy and a
gorgeous fruity smell as well it just
had a bit of a gross color but it's so
easy to color things you can use any
food coloring or you can use pens
markers whatever you want and it's so
glossy clicky and has amazing crunches
the next one's been while I've been
curious about for so long and this is
adding too much pigment I know that
everyone kind of adds like a teaspoon
worth and sometimes they're like oh I
added too much but I was like what if we
really went over the top here and added
a whole container so that's exactly what
I did and at first it looked like it was
gonna turn it into a matte metallic
slime which I was really excited for but
then I realized that it was just the
effects of the powder sitting on top and
as you can see it was super metallic so
then my next mission was to get all the
powders to stay in the slime and I
decided the only way to do this was to
kind of gather it up fold it in and just
stretch out and as you can see here I've
been playing with the slime for a while
and this is what it looked like when it
was cloudy so I was like this is gonna
be super pretty when I just leave it and
after leaving it as you can see here a
lot of the gold rose to the top but
underneath it was just beautiful it was
so breathtaking I didn't find the
texture change much apart from the slime
was really sticky when I started out and
then here isn't sticky asshole it makes
it kind of tougher but not really it
doesn't dry it out it's just an
absolutely beautiful color and it goes
so textured when you play with it
the next thing we're going to be adding
too much of is glitter and the main
reason for this is because it makes it
so pretty when it mixes into slime but
I've noticed that one I add quite a lot
it does change the texture so I was
wondering what would happen if I added a
ton of glitter I use the mixture of big
glitter and also like thinner pigmented
glitter
first thing that I noticed was that when
I was mixing in the glitter started to
stick really easily at first and then
the more I was pressing down on it the
more it was to kind of just molding my
finger shape into the slime and holding
the pigment in kind of a suspension so I
wanted to mix it in more and I started
to drizzle it in the glitter I noticed
this wasn't really sticking though so
then I just went by the usual way of
mixing in just like dropping parts in
trying to get the sticky parts out then
I was like this is taking ages before I
actually trap some glitter in the middle
of the slime and mixed all together this
is what it looks like when it's cleared
up as you can see it looks super
textured on the top and that's because
it is it really changed the texture of
the slime from a nice sticky flexible
slime it was still very stretchy but it
was very puffy like the next thing we're
going to be adding into slope is
pom-poms and this is mainly because I've
seen a few of these added into Slom and
I was just wondering what would happen
if you added a whole pack I started off
with a really sticky clear sign just to
ensure that I would get all the pom-poms
in and when I mixed them in it was so
soft there wasn't much slime in the
mixture because there were so many more
pom-poms so it didn't really stretch but
it has such amazing crunchy sounds and
it was so relaxing to squish down on it
kinetics and slime is one of the first
times I ever saw in Instagram I was
really reluctant to waste my kinetic
sound on it so when it dried out a bit
as you can see here it does just kind of
not crumble as well so I was like you
know what I'm just gonna do it and add
it in and I thought this is gonna make
the slime maybe a bit tougher but I
found that when I was pushing it down it
was actually having a different effect I
found the sly started to dry out the
slime a bit and when I found it it was
making it really sticky which is really
weird because they're complete opposites
and you would expect the slime to just
become harder I also noticed that when I
was stretching out it kind of looks like
an icy slime which is really interesting
so I started to add more kinetic sand
just to see what would happen and I just
found that this is sticking to my hands
like no tomorrow as you can see here I
can barely get it off it was so so
sticky and the more I was playing with
it the more it was melting so I was like
you know what I'm just gonna make this
worse and add even more sand and see
what happens I know this slime activates
when you add in your activator
after so I was really just looking to
change the texture a bit more by adding
some more sand in and getting it some
melt and I found that it melted fully it
just turned into goop and I was like
maybe this will set so after I mixed it
all in I just left it for a couple of
minutes to see if it would come harder
as you can see it stays the squishy goop
so I decided to add loads of activator
and as you can see this turns into
probably one of my favorite slime
textures ever so thick so doughy it has
like a nice little sizzle it's also so
stretchy and I found the more I was
stretching out the more air you can trap
in it and it makes the most amazing
sizzle ababil sounds
next up we're going to be adding too
much lotion because a lot of people have
been telling me recently that when you
add lotion into slime it deactivates it
and I agree that it softens the slime
but I really don't think it takes any
more activator when you're adding it
into the mix so I decided to add a whole
bhasu and I added some coloring as well
just to make it a tiny bit prettier and
when I started to add my activator I
noticed that this activation very very
quickly and it was really interesting
for me because as you can see here the
slime is very very thin and just not
stretchy at all but then as soon as you
add in your attic space it becomes slime
almost immediately the one thing I did
notice about adding too much lotion was
that it makes it really really kind of
rippy almost jiggly when you're playing
with the slime so it doesn't make it
like a really thick slime consistency it
does have very good clicks obviously it
makes the slime a lot bigger but it's
very loose so I really don't recommend
adding too much lotion because obviously
it costs a lot of money and it also
doesn't have the best effect on the
slide I also found it so interesting
because people use lotion to fix harsh
lines a lot and I was just kind of
wondering why they did this then I
noticed when I was pulling it it was
just ripping the slime apart so it
obviously melts down the slime a bit
which is so interesting
I'm always being asked how to make a
really jiggly clue loose line and I was
really curious as to whether this would
work because I know when I started
making slow tutorials I found clear
slang so hard to make with water by
itself it's absolutely foam but when you
add in the water sometimes it can kind
of like separate so I decided to add
some glue then I added a ton of water
and started adding my activator and I
found that the glue was kind of doing
what it did when I first started making
slime and it wasn't mixing them with the
water much it was just forming the slime
at the bottom and as you can see here
it's very stretchy but it isn't really
mixing it I did try to carry on stirring
it because I know sometimes the clear
slime activates the more you stir it but
I didn't find this was a case asshole so
I just spent it with some more activator
and I hope to save it but I found that
this just made the slime at the bottom
really hard and again the water just
stayed on top so I was kind of like how
do I fix this I don't want just some
watery slime so I decided to pick it up
with my hands and start pulling at it
the one thing I found so interesting
about adding this quickly to the water
is that it made it clear almost
instantly so even though it doesn't make
your jiggli slime it's a really good
slime hack I hope that you enjoyed this
video and if you did don't forget to
give it a thumbs up and also feel free
to leave suggestions in the comments I
read literally every single comment if
you want me to do a specific vlog a
specific video or more giveaways just
let me know in the comment thank you so
much for watching I'll see you next week
