hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
doing 100% honest review of famous and
underrated slime shop and I really hope
that you enjoy it first up we have slime
marshmallows with the most amazing slime
ever and I actually thought this is a
pompom slime to start off with but when
I opened it up I actually realized there
were clay balls on top and they're all
mostly colored with a clear base
underneath so it's so interesting to
watch it mix in I love when slimes are
normally marbled in their whites lines
but when it's in a clear slime it's so
magical it's really surprised with the
texture because when clay slides and
clear slimes are normally mixed in it
usually makes for a really bubbly close
foam but this felt more like a gummy
bear it was a really interesting texture
and not only that it made really nice
bubble pops and expanded so much it
probably turned into a 9 ounce next up
we have cotton candy dream and this is
such a gorgeous flame Slom underneath
the slime is so clicky and so glossy but
on the top it's super crunchy as well
which I thought was amazing and this
doesn't actually smell like cotton candy
which I love because I think that
everyone scents these things the same
and they call them the same thing that
this is so unique because it's scented
like pear drop a sly star soft super
glossy but after playing with it for a
while it inflates so much and becomes
really good at bubble pops rainbow
chiffon cake is so aesthetically
pleasing and it comes with a layered
bottom and then you get this white slime
to put on top and you can't drizzle it
if you want I knew I'd fail on camera
though so I decided to just plonk on top
and I drop my confetti on and started
mixing it and as you can see this makes
us together so interestingly because
interestingly that isn't a word it's
such an interesting way because when you
mix normal slams they mix together with
the colors very quickly but as you can
see here even after mixing it and
drizzling it it stays with the colors
for a while so after mixing it in fully
you get this really far orange color
which is so vibrant and amazing and you
don't get that gross wet feeling with
the slime but it still drizzles really
well
next up we have the starburst cloud
slime but this actually has a slightly
different texture from the one before
and that is theis a lot more smoothly
for some reason I think it's a more
fluffy slime there's obviously added
ingredients in there and it comes
already marbled so you don't have to
kind of mix in to see what the covers
would look like next to each other and
it's so beautiful it comes with little
nail confetti as well and as you can see
it just flows like a dream it's so
fluffy it's a lot less thick than the
other slime this is more of the like
creamy slime it feels more like a
buttery slime cookies and cream cuts
with the cutest little charm actually
looks like an Oreo it has a little ole
on there and then when you push down on
it it comes out like a clay texture but
not a daizo texture or model magic it's
a really interesting clay probably a
British one it's super hard to find good
cents over here but this much just like
cookies and cream I really love the
scent tangerine tree and flipped over
and packaging so it mixed up a bit but
is usually meant to have the clay on the
top and then where but underneath and
it's meant to be completely clear just
like the daydream slime before this
smell really light be like oranges I
thought this is a really refreshing
scent because it wasn't overpowering and
it was so fun to mix in you didn't get
to mix in all the colors like the one
before but it's so interesting just to
watch the clay and the slime mix
together and this comes with three
little cute charms
all of the slimes come so well raps and
they were rap sing crap paper and also
bubble wrapping and I'm gonna be giving
away all the slimes from her in this
video because she thought one of her
packages got lost so she sent another
one with the exact same things and then
I got both of them and she said I could
give one away she also sent me a candle
borax cash she little thank-you note
some styrofoam and she also wrapped the
candle in this gorgeous hollow wrapping
paper which is so pretty next up we have
another UK Slimer and this is Emma B
slimes and she is another amazing one so
I was a cloud sign that's laying like a
cake so it started with purple then pink
then green and blue and I can't lie to
you because these cards are quite dark I
wasn't sure what they turn out to be
when they were all mixed in but as you
can see it turns into this purple huge
grey color and I would actually buy this
lime just as it is it's a really pretty
Simon because of the nail confetti it
kind of looks like a Alice's space line
that everyone does and this is a really
unique cloud sign because it's so thick
really dry but it drizzles so smoothly
Dunkin Donuts is a personal favourite
from her just because she has such an
amazing charm on top and I love these
hollow glitters they're so pretty are
they Hollow
I think the hollow and they might just
be rainbow slime turns into a really
nice light pink and it has some little
flowing beads in there just to give it a
bit of texture and it falls so smoothly
skyline doesn't have a wet residue at
all which I'm absolutely obsessed with
and like you can see it's just beautiful
and so fun to play with penny sweets is
a really clicky white glossy slime and
it can't leave these little confetti
pieces at the bottom they're both
circular and also normal like sprinkly
pieces and this smells like picker mix
and I don't know if they have them in
America but it's basically like a sweet
scent and it comes with this really nice
marshmallow charm on top
unicorn soup is amazing is this teal
color and I don't ever know how to get
to it I always try and make signs like
this at home and it always fails but
this is so glossy so quickly it reminds
me a lot of penny sweets it just has a
different color and it's also with added
flown beads in it and it comes with such
a nice little rainbow chant boshy puppy
is slush puppy scented Italy it's a tiny
bit so this is gonna affect the quality
of the slime but it's basically all the
goo that came out so it was a bit hard
to play with and that the beads would
fall out but obviously this really isn't
her fault it's just what happens in
shipping sometimes surprisingly the
slime is still really nice to play with
it wasn't sticky at all and it made such
nice crunches bananas in pyjamas is my
favorite TV show when I was a kid so I
absolutely loved this slime it was
scented like a banana obviously and this
is so crunchy really creamy and it
doesn't feel hard in your hands the foam
beats are so soft so it's really fun and
relaxing to play with and it doesn't
give as much crunch as it normally does
when you like push down on the slime but
when you're like twirling it around and
creating bubble pops it creates just as
good a thing and I think it's so much
nicer for relaxing effects everything
came bubble wrapped and it was only that
one slime that leaked and she included
the most amazing extras the candy kisses
peach sweets that she included I ate
before the video because they're amazing
she included borax a care sheet loads of
sweets and it was so good next up we
have feb slimes and this is her pink
sugar cookies without cloud flowers lime
well but this is a pink sugar cookie
card slime and I really enjoyed playing
with this because it's so soft it
doesn't leave much of a white residue
there's a tiny tiny bit but it's really
not noticeable this is my personal
preference for class line because the
slime itself is so soft and it needs
barely any pores for it to become a
really drizzly slime like this slime
scented like sugar cookies and it has
some confetti pieces at the bottom just
to add a tiny bit of texture and as you
can see it has a beautiful color as well
this slime is probably the glossiest
thickest slime I've ever tried as you
can see when I push down on it it's not
over activated asshole which stretches
so well it's just thick and glossy and
inflates so much the more you play with
it the fluff here it gets and it has a
really nice texture when it gets fluffy
because it has a few flowing beads in
there so it doesn't make it super
crunchy it just gives it a bit of a
different texture and this is so fun for
bubble pops as you can see it also gets
so thick it looks like it's just made
with a lot of foaming facial cleanser
and I love this bath they kick ice cream
is a really thick butter slime and as
you can see this one is so creamy my
house just melts into it and it smooths
over so smoothly
Frank thing is a foam slime and I think
this is really great because it's so
glossy it comes with really nice colored
beads and it's scented like pineapples
so it's super refreshing too
nothing leaked and all the fonts on her
thing changed colors so there was a
yellow one a pink one and all of them
changed which I thought was such a nice
touch she included some dyes Oh two
packs of borax a slang care sheet and
some extra all the gift ideas are gonna
be in the description but basically the
only things you have to do is subscribe
to my youtube channel and also comment
down below with your twitter at or your
Instagram out so I have a way of
announcing it and also contacting you
and there's a bunch of extra entries
that you can do in the description if
you want extra tranches to wear thank
you so much for watching this video I
really hope that you enjoyed it and if
you did don't forget to give it a thumbs
up and also subscribe
