hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
adding too much makeup into slime to see
what happens and I hope that you enjoy
this video my stuff we're gonna be
adding too many flower lipsticks in too
slow and these are awesome because
they're mood changing so they start off
pink but then they tend to go more pink
I really wasn't sure what to expect with
these but as you can see they really
really creamy to mix in and they turn
pink almost immediately it was really
light pink at first and then it went
really really dark
it was so creamy though and I loved how
the flowers stayed intact in the slime
the next one was so fun to film just
because it was so colorful and I started
up by adding my clear slime to the
palette directly and I was hoping it
would kind of just melt onto it all but
I had to spread it with my fingers and I
did find that it was super hard to peel
off so I recommend just rolling this off
if you ever get around to trying this
it's so so much fun as you can see all
the colors kind of come out and pods so
you get really really clear colors and
it came up so pretty actually I could
have left it at this stage but as this
is cool adding too much I decided to add
the whole palette to it and I loved the
peacock looking one on the right it's so
so pretty I found that once I mix in the
extra color it wasn't as pretty in my
opinion it was just a deep color I
didn't really love it it wasn't bright
and gorgeous like it was before
they're both metallic actually but they
were just really really swamp looking
and as you can see just not as pretty as
they were before
so I decided to mix them together just
out of curiosity and it made a lovely
color it was kind of like a gunmetal
brown I would say super super metallic
and have those crunches I decided to do
one adding too much of all kinds of
makeup just to see if it would change
the texture or just change the color and
I decided to choose an array of stuff
most of this is old makeup so please
thank your anchor in the comments
there's stuff that I haven't used to
like 5 years and as you can see they're
really really bright some of them are
brown so this kind of like made for the
spoiler alert made for the brown base
which you will be able to see and I did
find this really interesting because
obviously these are all my skin
and I am kind of like tan but not super
dark and not super light so when I was
mixing in the sin I was just really
curious to see what the other colors
would do to it and it would just become
a skin toned kind of thing and the first
thing I noticed with the texture is that
it made it super moisturize I think this
is probably the face and body foundation
from Mac that did this but as you can
see it's really really loose it came
apart it was kind of like if you were
adding glycerin I would say it melted it
down a tiny bit
became super soft and I noticed that
when I was mixing in the red lipstick it
changed the color completely and it
turned into a really deep chocolaty
Brown and actually looked like a
chocolate slime I was so shocked and so
so pleasantly surprised at this so I
decided to add some fake sprinkles and
make it into a beautiful slime lip
products my favorite thing to test in
this video just because the lipsticks
was so great so I went and bought these
off Amazon and their girls own lipsticks
I've seen them on Instagram a couple of
times sometimes in beauty tutorials and
sometimes in slime but normally they're
added one by one so I decided to add the
whole pack this was so so fun to mix in
it was kind of like a buttery texture I
would say it's more like a lip balm
rather than a lip gloss and I don't know
if that's like the intended thing
it was super super creamy like if you
were adding body butter to it that's the
way I would describe it and the colors
look so beautiful in it I wasn't
expecting to stay intact when I push
them out was expecting them all to mix
but this made for a super super soft
moisturizing slime and as you can see it
turned pink having too much lipstick the
normal type of lipstick definitely was
the one that humbled me on lip products
because I was just getting so excited so
carried away I went and bought so so
many lip products and I was like these
are all gonna work and they're all gonna
make beautiful slimes and as you can see
it is really pretty when you're cussing
all up this did take a while
literally these clips are so sped up
it's on four thousand percent so this is
ten minutes of my time I'm just warning
you if you try this it will not be as
fun to do and this stained my hands so
much I was so shocked so I noticed that
immediately and I couldn't film any
videos for literally a week after this
I've been ill too which is why I've been
gone but I would definitely not
recommend using maybe it's just red
lipsticks but I think maybe pigmented
lipsticks like super super pigmented
lipsticks in general will stain your
hands as you can see this is three days
later and my cuticles are still bright
red so I couldn't film any videos that
literally look was bleeding it was so
bad the sign was really glossy with that
being said and as you can see there is
still loads of color
I love nail polish actually guys know
I'm always wearing the same one and I
have so much nail polish at home that
doesn't get you so I decided to add too
much nail polish into slime and this was
a slime that hadn't been made yet just
because I wanted the colors to mix in
properly and I didn't think they would
but this was so fun to make it kind of
looked like when you marbled your nails
and when I was mixing in and it just I
loved it it was so so fun for me then I
added my act spacer and I wasn't
expecting this to work but as you can
see immediately it starts to form and
the more I was staring it the more I was
pulling away the one thing about this is
the smell it's awful I had to throw it
away open all the windows so definitely
do not recommend this but it's really
really fun to do as a one-off on a video
for you guys I definitely will not be
trying this again because the smell is
horrific as you guys may or may not know
alcohol actually melts down slime and I
just I think perfume is a lot of alcohol
I'm not sure if this one maybe doesn't
have it but I wanted to add it to sign
just to see what would happen see if it
would work in the normal way that like
hand gel works and melt it down but I
was like the ice I found out it didn't
it was just like I'm so confused here
watching this clip back I'd has so much
activator cause I was anticipating it
melting down immediately but immediately
it formed a slime and it was really
tough and I left it for 10 minutes to
see if it would kind of melt down and as
you can see it's got even tougher and I
was just like so confused but perfume
apparently doesn't melt slime is really
strong though I really don't recommend
it
when I bought these products I really
thought this is gonna be the best video
in the video in the video
okay let's restart like the best segment
in the video and I thought this would
make kind of like a pleasant slide but
this smelt so bad this highlighter stank
I don't know if it's just me I did not
like the smell I'm so over in all the
windows that I refused to go in there
for 20 minutes it was gross and then
when I added all the other eyeshadows
this did make it a little prettier but
the base was just so underwhelming that
I think it just took away from all of
there and it was a bit poly but mostly
it just kind of looked like a white
slime and I also found that it melted
the slime down so it was just generally
all around not great it made a gray
slime it kind of didn't mix in with all
the colors and I'm really disappointed
thank you so much for watching this
video I really hope that you enjoy there
and I will see you next week
