hi guys today's video is going to be a
recreating popular Instagram slime
bestsellers and I really hope that you
enjoy first time we're going to be
making a sour Glee raspberry lime made
from parakeet's limes and this is a
really fun foam to make we're gonna need
to start off with some paint and some
PVA glue any other ingredient we're
going to need is lotion and I recommend
adding this because when you go in and
add your flowing beads you don't want
the slide to be too thick underneath you
want it to be quite soft if you want you
could also add a scent and i just added
a blue raspberry lime scent so it wasn't
limeade but it's not super fresh and
super good and then you're just going to
activate it and activate it like normal
and stir it until it pulls away from the
sides and you do want to keep the slime
a tiny bit sticky just so it holds in
all the foam beads and then I went in
with my micro bees and it's really
important then micro bees just to make
it authentic next up we have tyro milk
tea from slime OG and for this is
basically the same recipe and that we
use PVA glue a paint and then some
lotion but the added ingredient to this
to completely change the texture is
vegetable glycerin I think you can get
normal glycerine as well and I'm pretty
sure both of them work I'm not entirely
sure I know that vegetable glycerin
see-through so you can use in clear
slabs to thicken up as well and this is
such a handy handy trick so all you're
gonna do is just add it in and it's
gonna melt down the glue at first and
make it really sticky and I'm gonna need
a lot more activator than usual but then
for some reason after leaving it for
like three to four days it becomes so
thick and it's so fun to play with and
it really changes the texture
last but not least we have a tutorial
that I actually did at the very
beginning of my channel and I did it
completely wrong so here we go again or
our second guy making two nut bubblegum
slime by glitter slimes and this is one
of my favorite slimes one of the og
slimes that started the whole trend and
all you're gonna need for this is a
really simple base and if you're
wondering why the color changes so much
for some reason this color reacts with
the air and turns a bit more orange so
if you don't have this color at home
this one's just from Tesco's then you
can just go ahead and mix in some pink
and orange and you should get this color
and then the next step is so easy we're
just going to packing peanuts and
packing peanuts or the things that come
around packages just to like hold them
in place and make sure they don't break
and you only need a few of them to add a
bit of crunch and it's so fun
thank you so much for watching this
video I really hope that you enjoyed it
and if you did don't forget to give it a
thumbs up and I'll see you next week
