hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
doing 100% honest review of famous slime
shops and I hope that you enjoy it first
up we have slime poor iam with her
cranberry fist which is a gorgeous clear
based fishbone slime this doesn't just
have fishbowl beads in it though it
actually has these like colors shift
pearls which go from orange to pink
which i think are so beautiful and
really adds to the texture as well the
super smooth but they still add a bit of
crunch and then just to make the slime a
little more pretty she has these unicorn
flakes those iridescent flakes that go
so well with everything and it's such a
pretty slime and the scent I can't tell
if this is scented because I
accidentally mix this with another slide
when I was changing the containers
because the original container bros oh I
think that it was completely my fault
but it just had a bit of clear slime
from another mixture which had a fruity
scent so I can't actually tell with the
scent on this one but it came super
clear was so nice and also so crunchy
and cleared up really fast when I put it
in a warm space I think clean up in two
days rose a pulse is a beautiful slime
it's actually the one in my thumb now
and this is a jelly slime texture with
loads of pearl beads in that and it's
kind of like a blue to paint color shift
and they are just so so beautiful and
when I mixed it in it was actually super
sticky because again I had left this
around for months so I just went in with
my activator and this inflated so much I
actually had to put half of the
container into another container when I
finished playing with this because it
just got so so big and so much I got
trapped in it but it was so fun and I
love the texture of the jelly slime
anyway and how much inflated but the
pearl beads really added to it and just
gave it a little something also reminded
me of Jack Frost from slimy are we in
the texture and the smell was gorgeous
it was fruity almost like a rose smell I
guess but not really rosy and I really
like that because I find the floral
scents can be a little overpowering
I'm super annoyed at myself about the
next line because this actually had
three colors in it before I left it to
sit for months and then all the colors
merge together but as you can see they
mix together to make a really nice pinky
lilac but it would just been so much
more fun to get to mix in all by myself
it's so crunchy and it's really really
fun to press down on it isn't something
you can click and make clicky sounds
with but personally I don't mind I get
so many clicky slimes and I really like
the crunchy ones that have like a unique
texture like this
the name was mermaid milkshakes I was
expecting it to smell like a denude like
a vanilla milkshake I guess but this
smells so much like cotton candy which
actually I prefer so I really love the
scent of this and it comes with a little
whipped cream extra get the crunchy
slime alone for $8 or if you want the
whipped cream you're gonna have to buy
it as a bundle for $10 which i think is
really fair and that's a lot cheaper
than 8 ounces that I see around so I
think this is a really great deal I
don't think the clothesline was scented
I didn't actually smell it before mixing
it in but it's really soft really fun to
play with and you can't just keep it
separate if you feel like it I think
adding the slimes together make a really
interesting texture it thickens up the
mixture a bit but also takes away from a
bit of the harshness added by the fake
snow and it also makes the mixture so
fluffy and I really love this
spamming butter is so so minty so if you
aren't into those kind of really strong
minty sense I would definitely avoid
this as soon as you open it up it smells
like you've just brushed your teeth
actually no this smell smells like when
you just put a mint in your mouth and
then you open your mouth up and the air
feels cold that's coming out of your
mouth that's what this smell smells like
to me which is such a weird description
isn't it
but yeah you guys may know what I mean
the texture of the slime is super creamy
thinking about it it's kind of like kind
of looks like dried-up toothpaste you
know it has that thick texture it's kind
of clay but this slime is really nice
don't get me wrong I'm just I'm in a
weird mood today this is a weird
description
in her pocket she included borax some
extras loads of Zots which of my
favorite sweets ever and a business card
next we have to explain with their lemon
cupcake which is a gorgeous cloud cream
I really enjoyed playing with this
because it was a lot thicker than any of
the other cart Koreans I've ever try and
they reminded me a lot of an actual
cloud slime because when you poured out
it was kind of like a butter slime with
a lot of snow in that it was really
really stretchy so soft as well as you
can see the texture looks a lot like a
crowd slam but it just pulls a lot more
smoothly but occasionally when you do
pull it out a lot it does fall like a
class slime as well so it's kind of like
a hybrid and the best of both worlds and
I just really enjoy playing with this
slime
christmas-tree phone smoke just like
pine trees and I really love the smell
it isn't something that's particularly
common and I didn't see it done a lot
around Christmas so I think this is
really you know inflated the most up any
of this slime she sent me and it was so
crunchy and the texture was so lovely
because all the foam beads ocean breezes
scent description was like fresh ways
but I actually think this smells a lot
more like pure cotton or like fresh bed
linen slime itself is really glossy I'd
actually played with it a bit when I
took out the job which is why it isn't
this glossy on camera but when you first
get it it's so glassy it pulls out so
smoothly and it's so thick I think it
might have a tiny bit of clay in there
not obvious type just some really unique
one that Alzheimer's use but I'm not
sure which clay it is but it's really
really good keeps this language and
thick and like you can see it this
inflates a lot as well and it's so
stretchy
the orange creamsicles line was just
like another slam I just reviewed
literally the same color and the same
texture I guess is a really popular
slide at the moment I absolutely loved
it it was so cliquey it stay glossy even
when you play with it for a while and it
also inflated they had in other reviews
that I didn't always love orange scent
so they left orange scent for this out
but usually it's scented like orange
creamsicle banana split was a really
nice foam it had a really glossy base
and just not really fresh and like you
can see it's so cliquey to begin with
but then as soon as all the foam beads
are mixed in it just becomes super
crunchy and a gorgeous flow
what of her slimes inflated so much I
don't know what she uses in it literally
every single one inflates to the gods I
had to split half of every
single one into a new container which is
kind of annoying but also like the best
thing ever because you're getting a lot
more than you pay for but as you can see
it stays glossy for a really long time
even after playing with it and then even
after that it just becomes really fluffy
so like there's nothing bad about this
and it has a really fresh banana scent
cotton candy cream smells just like
cotton candy and it's a really nice
sweet scent and the clay slime is
actually really interesting because it
doesn't at first look like a clay
fighter the more you play with it the
more obvious it becomes and this is so
thick inflate so much and it also has
really nice bubble pops and swells so
nicely waabri flames a really nice clear
baseline with low microbeads and it's so
so crunchy the thing I did notice about
a lot of the containers is that they did
crack while I push down on the slime if
they were in the containers so I did
have to read like home a few of them
that sounds kind of Wix the slime so
they don't need homes but I guess like
repackage them just to make sure that
they stayed fresh but they did arrive in
condition and I have had them for a
while so I think that maybe you should
just take the slimes out before playing
with them if you order slime from them
but apart from that the slime itself is
really really nice the color is actually
unusual it's kind of like a dark brown
with a hint of berry color and then it's
just really crunchy it smells really
nice it smells like faerie and yeah it's
awesome
this Snowberry slime made me confusion
because it feels like a clear slime but
it doesn't look like a clear slime and
it comes white so I think it might have
like I don't even know I think I might
have like an unusual type of glue used
in there maybe or maybe it's mostly
clear and then a bit of white maybe it's
a clay slime but it's colored in white
but I don't know it has fuzzy glitters
in it it's pretty smells really really
good
let me check with the sentence for the
scent sweet berries and it's so good
this package was sent by Twix slime and
she sent a bunch of starbursts borax and
also a Kashi thank you so much for
watching this video I really hope that
you enjoyed it and if you did don't
forget to give it a thumbs up and I'll
see you really soon
