hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
doing Halloween inspired slime tutorials
and I really hope that you enjoy it so
first up we had a tutorial that I knew
could either go really well or really
badly and actually turned out alright so
we're gonna be making a clay carved
pumpkin and the way to start off with
this is just to get a small bowl I used
the Pyrex 0.5 meter Bowl and I just put
my clay all around it until it was fully
covered and then after I did that I just
left it for about five minutes just to
the clay hardened a bit and then I
started to cut my shapes into the clay
well the eyes I just did two equilateral
triangles and then I did a backwards
triangle and then for the smile I just
did lots of jagged edges and then after
this I just went in with some acrylic
paint and put it onto my slime and as
you can see you don't have to do like a
tan acrylic paint it could be any type
of paint this just the paint I had lying
around and then I just kind of left on
the bowl and I should have left it for
so much longer because as you can see it
fell apart because I didn't leave it for
12 hours but as long as you leave it for
a while and let it harden it will stay
up so I started to make the pumpkin
insides next and this is one of my
favorite things to do because as you can
see this was so fun to make so I just
added a bit of orange and green which is
sounds kind of like a weird thing but as
you can see it creates this kind of
autumnal brownie orange and it's really
really fun to play with and as you can
see the top actually turned out really
well because I let this one dry but the
under pot didn't so it just kind of
turned into a sad pumpkin next up we
have one of the prettiest lines I think
I've ever made and this is inspired by
trick-or-treating because my favorite
thing about Halloween is definitely the
sweets so decides to make this clear
base Limon as you can see the only
ingredient I actually add is clear clear
I wanted to use a weak activase adjust
to the clear sound cleared up a bit
quicker which is why it's so clear in
the next clip this literally took two
days and I also use glitters and
confetti from quite some company and
then these charms are just like sweet
candy charms I think they call resin
charms of eBay
creepy cauldron was definitely one of my
favorite to make just because it was
really easily but it looks so cool
because of all the extra add-ins so we
start off with some clear clear when I
actually added four bottles and then I
added some food coloring this is just
basic green as you can see it turns into
a really nice vibrant color and then I
had to over activate this and if you're
wondering why I over activated this it's
just because I can't make jiggly slime
in the normal way for some reason if I
add water in before I activate it it
just never works and it turns super
super stringy so I always have to
activate it before and then add in loads
of water and then just let it sit and
then I added in loads and loads of
extras so I added in some cosmetic eyes
that people use for makeup I use some
plastic bugs and I also use some typical
googly eyes
we actually don't have candy corn here
in the UK so the first time I ever tried
it is when I started to do slime because
people from America started sending it
and people always see Halloween slime
surrounding it so I thought I do want to
you and this is really really simple and
literally just like glue and some food
diet as you can see these are really
nice bright colors I added loads and the
key ingredients layering this is just
letting it sit so out of the orange let
it sit for 10 minutes and then I added
the other ones so it creates this
straight line because it naturally
settles and then I pushed it into some
dyes okay and this just meant the white
part wasn't slime it was dyes out and
it's just so fun to mix in and it was a
really unusual concept I haven't seen
this done around too much I know some
slime shops do it but I thought this was
so so fun and it held the colors in so
well
another slave I really enjoyed making
was vampire blood because I got such a
good color I was so impressed with
myself so the first thing I did was just
create the normal clear Google base that
I've showed you a couple of times in
this video and then I added loads and
loads of red dye and three drops of
green and if you're wondering why green
green and red make brown so if you add a
tiny bit then it kind of makes this
maroon color and as you can see this is
such a deep color and so realistic
the next tutorial is a clay brain
tutorial and instead of making this
gross I decided to make this really
colorful and rainbow like and I decided
to start off with a really thick base
because we're gonna be adding clay to
this and I love my slimes being really
thick so I just added glue I'm
cornstarch and then I mixed into my
favorite clay at the moment and this is
crazy art model light and I get mine off
Etsy I think it is and this is just so
so smooth it colors the slime so nicely
and I just think it's the perfect clay
in my opinion and as you can see the
colors are so vibrant so I just started
to kind of mix them all in make them
quite thick I would recommend because my
issue was that I left them kind of soft
like how you would want to play with
them but if they're thick then they'll
hold the shape really well and also
weren't full at all once you've taken it
out of the mold
whereas this it was really nice for like
a couple of minutes but then I left it
and then I started to film so it didn't
look amazing as you can see if the
colors look really great when they're
all packed in and the tip here is just
to let it sit for a bit and then you
peel off and as you can see it peels off
quite nicely but if you have different
textures of slime so some are more
sticky then some are gonna stick and
it's just gonna mess the whole thing up
I recommend doing it and then filming it
straight away if you do this
thank you so much for watching this
video I really hope that you enjoyed it
and I'm sorry about my throat I also
have a really bad cold at the moment but
I wanted to get this video up I hope you
have an amazing Halloween and I will see
you very soon
