hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
adding too much of everything to slime
and I really hope that you enjoy
watching so the first thing we're going
to be adding a shaving foam and I've
seen a couple of people do this in this
trend but they tend to add one bottle
which is still a lot but I wanted to
really push the boundaries here so I
went ahead and added six bottles of
shaving foam and bear in mind this bowl
contains 3 liters worth of shaving foam
so I was like this is definitely not
gonna make a slime but you know what I'm
gonna go ahead and make it pretty and
color it and when I was starring in it
was so fun because it was literally just
foam so it was really easy to mix it
once I felt I thoroughly mixed it all I
just went in with my borax activator and
as you can see it literally starts
crumbling at the top so I was like this
is not gonna make a slime I don't know
if you can see in this clip it starts to
pull away and it actually became a slime
very quickly like you can see it leaves
a lot of residue on your hands so we
needed to knead it in a bit just to make
it a bit more smooth but when I did it
literally looked like a marshmallow my
hands sunk in so it's so smoothly and it
was so soft it was kind of like a jiggly
slime but also super fluffy the next
thing we're going to be adding too much
of is foaming face wash and I've been
really curious as to what face wash
actually does because everyone's like
you have to add it it makes the slime
thicker but then I was like you know
what I'm gonna add a whole bottle and
see what it does to my I found the
face Bush definitely thickened up my
mixture because the hand wash tends to
water down your slime I was really
impressed with this so I went ahead and
added some activator and I found this
activated very quickly I added a tiny
bit of shaving foam so that might be
what caused it
I wanted to see if this added a gloss to
it so I let it sit and I actually found
the slime shrunk so much but then as
soon as I started playing with it it
definitely inflated so I think the
foaming face wash really helps with
inflation and making your slime thicker
next up we're gonna be adding too much
paint to our glue and like you can see I
don't have very much glue in this bowl
and I definitely have a lot more paint
the first thing I noticed was how thin
this made the mixture and this was
actually resembling water or a jiggly
slimes I was like what is this line
gonna turn out to be so I started to
activate it and when I did it was acting
like a really weird slime because
normally when you activate slimes the
slime pulls off the side of the bowl and
that's when you know it's ready but even
when it got
to being ready it wasn't doing that
asshole it was just becoming super
stringy so I was like have I ruined this
with all the paint but then when I got
out of the boat and started playing with
it in my hands definitely started
pulling together a lot more and as you
can see it was super activated and it
became so glassy so I think that's all
the paint's doing like you can see I
didn't add any other ingredients and it
became so jiggly I really wanted to try
one that didn't work I was like this one
is definitely gonna be a fail I added 4
ounces of slime in three bags of phloem
and then I was pouring it all together
and I was like this is definitely not
gonna mix in because I've tried this so
many times with other flames and just
never worked and alas it did just my
luck I'm actually really happy because
it was really interesting to play with
because as you can see there's not
actually slime holding it together and
it's really weird it's kind of like
little strings but then when you're
playing with the X sticks together
next up we're gonna be adding way too
much air dry clear and I started off
with red orange and green red origin
green red orange in yellow just to see
what would happen and the slide did
become a bit tough but I was like you
know what I'm gonna go ahead and add
five more lumps of clay and this
literally ruined their actually can see
it didn't fold in and became super tough
so I was like what would happen if I
rolled it into a bow and then snapped it
in half and look how pretty it was it
was so beautiful it'll look kind of like
those geode rocks that people would sell
for like 10 pounds so if you let this
dry like the air dried clay intended
then this would be a really nice little
sculpture but it didn't mix in at all I
hope that you enjoyed watching this
video and if you did don't forget to
give it a thumbs up and I'll see you
next week
