hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
reviewing some underrated slime shops
and I really hope that you enjoy this
video so first up we have one of my
favorite Slimers at the moment and this
is loominatee slimes her packaging is so
sleek and all of her slimes looked
amazing so the first one I tried out
with sprinkles well and this actually
smells like vanilla buttercream it's so
good I love watching the colors mix in
together there was so nice and something
really interesting about the slime is
once it's all mixed in and then you
leave it the purple goes to the bottom
and the blue goes to the top so you get
to see it all over again
angel water is one of the prettiest
clear signs I've ever got my hands on
and they love the power color with this
and I think it complements the colors
the glass is so well and I love there's
a bit of texture put in there with some
fishbowl beads but it isn't enough to
make it crunchy and disrupt that actual
slime pure clay really impressed me just
because it stayed activated for such a
long time and I haven't touched this in
two and a half months that is a really
really long time like you can see it's
so thick so clear and literally didn't
need any activator it did become a
little more sticky when I started
putting it down on the surface but only
the tiniest bit and when I started to
play with it properly all of that stick
one and it still stayed really really
clear I'm normally not the biggest fan
of jelly keeps lines but this one smells
amazing and somehow she's got the clear
slime to stay so clear as you can
probably see on the corners of the
container you can see straight through
them and then not cloudy asshole
with that being said I don't know how to
play with jelly cubes lines which is why
I'm just dropping them down confetti
pound cake has a really nice lemon scent
and it's kind of like a lemon cake scent
but it isn't too sweet I really love how
thick this is as well it really
impressed me again because this was
sitting around for two months and didn't
need any activator and the beads were so
fun and it was super bubbly
as if the slides weren't amazing enough
she cared for them so well she wrapped
them in bubble wrapping and also taped
around it and these are all her extras
she sent me makeup and it's so so nice
and she also sent me some sheep Mar as
well it's a bunch of sweets instructions
and also borax next up we have slime
Aurora and I am obsessed with this
slimes again this was sitting around for
two months and somehow the clear slime
did not melt at all the thing that
impressed me most about this slime was
just that the foam beasts didn't leak
into the actual slime it has a bit of a
red color in the bottom but that's
understandable just because the red is
at the bottom of the slime but like you
can see the colors stay very vibrant and
they're so pretty
crystalline spectrum is so thick and
this is such a beautiful slime look how
it falls it's just wonderful it sounds
slightly cloudy because it's a little
scented but as soon as you start pouring
it it doesn't look cloudy asshole it has
a bit of a yellow tinge when you pour it
but it doesn't have that in real life
and then it has really nice gems in
there but they're actually kind of beads
so don't get that confused if you're
ordering it something I really love
about that orders is if they come with
little extras and this one came with
flakes orange pattern brands have really
impressed me just because this was so
clear and it's smell amazing I'm not the
biggest fan of orange scents but this
not just like Fanta and it wasn't too
sweet and it wasn't sickly or a fake
orange scent I like you can see what I
fold over you can just see straight
through it it isn't cloudy asshole I
really want to know how he did it
another really nice touch was that he
included some foam Oh fruit slices that
you could mix in yourself
this shop has the most unique packaging
so in every box they have a little
bottle of activator and it also comes
with slang carry instructions and mine
came with a little bear as well next up
we have memorial slimes and I've seen
her slimes on every single slime account
just because these colors are so pretty
when they're mixed in and this is such a
good cloud Slom so like you can see the
more you pull it the more it becomes
kind of flowy I always get questions on
how to achieve this texture with cloud
slimes and all you have to do is pull it
like you're about to pull us well I
couldn't get any sounds from the slime
but it smells super good and sweet like
so we have vanilla hazel cook a hazelnut
hazelnut cake throw and this is
beautiful she swallowed it in the
container somehow I'm not entirely sure
how but look at how beautiful it comes
out and then he gets a mix in again you
get to see the colors which I'm a big
fan of and this smells so so good it
smells like an ice cream and I'd yeah I
had to really struggle not to eat this
cattle corn leeks little in the package
which just happens sometimes so I just
repackage it into my own thing if you're
wondering why it's in this container
this one's smell amazing it's probably
my favorite one out of all of them it's
kind of like a buttered scent but it
doesn't smell sickly and the slime
itself is really unique because it's
really thick but it's also super crunchy
and airy and I just love it I just
couldn't stop playing with it it's
probably my favorite slime in the whole
of this review if I'm allowed to say
that but I just love it
whatever Memorial Slam is getting her
sense from everybody needs to go there
because I normally cannot stand banana
sense but this smells so good and like
you can see the slime is so thick and
glossy
whenever I drop it as well it also looks
really really thick which isn't a normal
thing that happens something that is
quite interesting though is that when I
put it on the table it looked kind of
thin at first but then the more I played
with it the thicker it was becoming and
then at the end it was just super glossy
still which also has a weird theme
because normally it becomes kind of
lumpy and doesn't look as glossy but it
looks super glossy and it just became
super thick that package came really
nicely bubble wraps and nothing leaked
at school and they had really nice
stickers on it and look at this cute
little guy she sent on the pencil case
that I ate with the Laffy Taffy's as per
usual before filming this next up we
have honey jam sloan's and this is the
best class time I have ever tried
somehow she's made it so beautifully and
it fools so smoothly I'm just shocked at
this as you can see here the colors mix
in and the colors look a lot more
vibrant than they initially did which I
was really impressed with I think there
must just be a bit more color in the
center and maybe it fell that way or
maybe she created it that way but what I
was so impressed with was how fluffy
this was and this is after one poor I
always do after one pool just to see how
it will fall and then how it falls after
a few pools and this is one pool on both
of these shots and then after a few
pools it just falls so smoothly it's so
fluffy and it really reminds me of the
slow-mo g-class lounge that everyone
wants to get their hands on if you want
a Jeep I really recommend buying this
and it smells so nice and sweet
jinda cookie dough is an absolute gem
this is a butter slime and it comes with
a little charm which i thought was
adorable and not only that can you see
the hollow sticker at the top I was so
excited for this I actually kept it this
lamb has big chunky gold glitters in it
so it makes the slime look a little
lumpy once you're dropping it but if
you're wondering what it is it isn't
fast slime and it's not actual slime
lumps it's just beautiful little
glitters and like you can see the slime
is really really soft it's so fun to
play with just because it doesn't have a
really overpowering ginger scent it's
the hint of ginger with mainly cookie
dough which I'm a huge fan of and I can
see it's just so soft I just I love it
and I just want to get out and play with
it now this packet has actually been
sitting around for the longest of all of
my reviews it's been like three and a
half months and like you can see this
slimes a little melted but it's still
pretty much intact which I was so
impressed with I did need to activate it
a bit which is why it becomes a little
cloudy
as you can see it's pretty clear and
this is actually scented with a cotton
candy Sun and it's a really nice strong
scent which is really impressive
considering the clarity of the Slom as
you can see here when slimes activated
it's really thick it comes with fishbowl
beads and also some iridescent little
flowers in there which is so cute and I
love it next up we have another jelly
cube slime and like I said I'm so bad at
playing with jelly cube slimes so
there's just a lot of stretching and
dropping in the next few clips but this
smells so nice it has already
interesting interesting texture as well
it's kind of like a jelly actual jelly
slimy like you know those ones where
they put a little bit of fake snow in
there just up the texture a bit that's
what she's done but the foam beads kind
of I say foam beads just because I never
play with jelly cube size but the cubes
they kind of crush up and they don't
create a massive crunch but they are
very nice to play with
when I say she literally included about
20 Jolly Ranchers in this package I'm
not exaggerating I just ate them all and
she also included some foam clay and
also basic slime instructions and
activator thank you so much for watching
this video I really hope that you enjoy
it I hope that you guys have been
enjoying the slime you received as well
and also if it becomes a bit rubbery we
sent out PDFs with little slime care of
how to fix it if you haven't received
the PDF just send an email to the email
you received with your order
confirmation so that will be team at
athlete's calm and I'll write this in
the description as well and they'll just
send all the information through and
help you fix your slime thank you so
much for watching this video I really
hope that you enjoyed it and if you did
don't forget to give it a thumbs up and
I'll see you next week
