hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
reviewing some underrated slime shops
and so many of the slimes in this video
who quickly become my favorites I'm so
excited to show you this first up we
have Girl Scout slime and the first one
I reach for was definitely this pink
metallic one just because it looks so
much like sleep science Barbie slime and
I just love the texture of this slime is
so thick and because it's not scented
you can see the pigments so clearly at
all times even when I play with it for
like half an hour you can still see it's
super shiny and it's so pretty next up
we have her candy floss cloud slime and
I am obsessed with this as you can
probably see it this is literally full
to the brim and the slime itself was
unlike any other cloud slime I tried
because it has such a thick texture but
it wasn't watery on the top like some
cloud slimes and this is just so nice to
play with even when you're not pulling
it but when you are literally this is
for one pool one pool and it falls this
smoothly and when you pull it properly
it just never stops blowing it's just
the best cloud slime I have ever tried
and it's so affordable this slime is so
cool so this is called caramel brown
sugar and like you can see on the top it
looks like brown sugar and then
underneath that's like a gooey caramel
and I think this must be a mixture of I
think it might be just clear slime I
can't exactly tell because of the color
of that a smell is amazing it's kind of
like a warm caramel Sun and it's just so
cozy and just are so perfect and it has
such a unique texture because it's a
really crunchy slime but at first you
get loads of good walks Princess Peach
has a really nice pink sugar scent but
as you can see it's so clear I do not
know how she's done this but the slime
is so clear and like you saw in the
first clip it was actually melted so I
reactivated it and this is how clear it
got two days later and considering this
is 8 ounce and it's freezing it's so
unusual for this to happens I was really
pleasantly surprised and a slime itself
is amazing it has so much jelly slime
around beads that it doesn't hurt your
hands asshole
and I love the lizard glitters and also
the scent of this
breakfast at tiffany's smoke just like
cake to me and I love the color of it
because it's kind of like the Tiffany's
blue but slightly less green and it's so
fun to play with because it's so thick
and so creamy because of the cold
weather I couldn't spread it but it was
so fun to play with and it was still
super silly when you stretched out
Himalayan salts her best seller and this
is really similar to the caramel brown
sugar one but it's less kind of clicky
as you can see here is a lot more crunch
and I really love the texture of this
because as soon as you press down on it
you don't need to do anything to prepare
oh it's just so crunchy I don't think
this is centered I couldn't tell if I'm
completely honest but I really enjoyed
the texture of this all the first lines
came really well packaged in bubble
wrapping and they were also taped around
the rim with one of those like cool
teepee things that the professional
Slimers have and the only thing that
leaked with the shar-pei slime pit it
was very very slight and it was just
because the container broke she also
gave me a few extras she gave me some
sweets she gave me two boxes of daizo
clay and she also gave me some Jolly
Ranchers and her standard extras bag and
she also included some borax and some
sprinkles next up we have slick and
slime and like you can see here this
slime is the clearest and even after
playing with it like five minutes it
stays pretty clear it's trapped just so
well and it kind of has a jelly texture
and it's so so clear candy apple is also
so pretty I love the little glitter she
put in it's like shards of something I'm
not sure every time I hear shards though
I think glass but it's definitely not
glass it's not hard on your hands
asshole and like you can see here it
kind of has that jelly texture that the
other clear slime has and this is super
cheap it's 450 for a three-ounce which
is pretty fair like normally eight
ounces like ten dollars so in my opinion
this is super cheap but this didn't make
any sound but the same kind of made-up
freya was kind of like a perfume scent
of Apple this one smells amazing so I
thought this was a really weird name for
it because it's called strawberry cane
bus's so I was just kind of like what is
the Kame scent and then I realized it
was
men so it's a peppermints line with a
slight strawberry tang and it smells so
good I've never smelt any sign like this
and it's just so refreshing and like you
can see it's so fun to play with because
you get to see the colors marveling
together and it's so so soft the only
thing is it doesn't spread all of those
lives have such unique textures and I
was expecting this one to be a glossy
thick one and it was but it kind of felt
like I can't even describe it it feels
like it has a bit of fake snow in there
it's kind of textured but it doesn't
look it on camera and it smells so nice
it smells like cookie batter and I love
the Christmas colors that are in it and
also how glossy it stays because even
after playing with it for five minutes
it stays so glossy and like you can see
it inflates to like 2 times its size all
of the slimes came in a bubble mailer
and it had these little bags around it
which I thought was pointless
until I touched the cookie batter and
that kind of leaks so this was really
really handy she gave you a little slime
sheet and also some extras and a borax
baggie next up we have a Slimer who I
have been desperate to try all of her
Instagram slimes are so aesthetically
pleasing and beautiful so this is
blushing BBS lines and this is her
costing candy snow fizz and as you can
see it the colors are beautiful and the
only reason it's so tough is because
it's the weather I think but just in
case isn't I decided to keep this in but
when you're mixing the colors together
it was so pretty and it creates a really
nice pop of color and the texture of it
was really cool it was kind of like that
fake snow I think it looks like a
plastic snow so it has like a bit of a
crunch but then when you pull it a kind
of force like cloud slime and I just
found it so interesting as you can see
here fall so smoothly but then when
you're touching it it feels like a
crunchy slime in my opinion this slime
is pretty much the same as the cotton
candy snow face just because they have
different colors but the basic who the
same sent in same texture this one is
slightly softer though and I think it
just might be because of the containers
as you can see here it's still quite
hard to mix in but then the more you
play with it the software this one
becomes and this one is slightly more
vibrant in color as well it kind of
turns out like the purple color this in
the middle whereas the other one hand
like a doled purple color
say but they're both really crunchy this
one's just bit softer one thing that is
so unique about her is she has pairings
with slimes and I've never seen this
done in any shop before so basically she
has the cake underneath and then for
icing she has a different sign with a
different texture and this one is kind
of like a butter Airy slime texture and
I loved her I was so tempted not to mix
it in but I did and the color was so
pretty again it was like a really
vibrant purple and it complemented the
other slime so well so once I mixed it
in and it was super so I started to add
the fake sprinkles and this is so fun to
mix in then I went ahead and just added
it to the top of my slime and I wished I
kept the original colors because it
would have been so pretty but it was
still really fun to look at and also
play with so I started to push it down
and I could feel from the go that this
was chatted the texture in the best way
so like I said before it was kind of
tough because of the weather I'm kind of
thinking this is how it's meant to be
because when I mixed it in it became the
most perfect texture ever it was like a
butter slime with texture and it was so
soft and so fun to play with I misread
the name of this when I was trying out
so I was expecting it to smell like
coffee and because it didn't look like
either I was like maybe she's labeled it
the wrong thing I'm not entirely sure
but then I realized it said Frappuccino
and that could mean anything
and it's not so so good it was like a
birthday cake scent
the only downfall this had it was kind
of like a creamy slime with I feel like
it had a bit of snow in there and it was
just so sticky but again she saved the
day with her pairing and this is good
whipped cream and it kind of smelt like
milk and kind of like a vanilla resent
like ice cream really and it was so so
nice this is probably the nicest texture
of a slime I've ever felt I wish I had
an 8-ounce like this it smelt so good
and felt amazing and then when it was
out to the slime it took away all the
stickiness and it looked so so nice one
of my favorite things about this is the
little extras that come with it so
obviously she has the sprinkles but she
included the last package as well but
with this one you got a little straw
that's so cute and I just think it makes
the whole thing so nice especially if
you want to buy slimes to make in
videos with things that are
aesthetically pleasing like this really
make it so high they were gonna be
reposted by another account she also
included a clear slime for me to test
and like you can see here it has
beautiful iridescent toppings and I just
think it's so fun to play with this is
actually a slushy slime so this is why
I'm struggling to push on it it wasn't
hard at all it was it wasn't sticky
which I was very impressed with because
this was a clear slime they've been
sitting around for probably three weeks
in transit just to get from the u.s. to
the UK and like you can see here it's
still so crunchy and beautiful
everything came really well packaged and
nothing broke after which I was really
impressed with and it was all bubble
wraps all very well labeled as well and
I just thought everything was so well
presented
she sent a slime cashy and also borax
baggie and a little thank-you note to me
and her little actress was so cute so
she included what looked like a macaroon
but inside there were little sweeties
that's so cute and then she included
some dyes oh and also a peppermint candy
cane last but not least we have slime
meowy and I don't think I've ever been
requested to review someone as much as
I've been requested to review her and
this is such an amazing slime as her
name suggests she likes cats and all of
her names are kind of surrounding cats
or like animals so this one is a play on
frost and it's thorough stew which I
found very funny this is a jelly slime
and it smells like blue raspberry and
like you can see it's super clear it
didn't kind of have that wet texture
either which some snow slimes do and it
has this really nice litter and also
some snowflake charms in there this also
self inflates so much as you can see I
literally packed this container as full
as I possibly can and it stuck out so
much next up we have ice fishing and
this is unscented and it's a jelly cube
slime and I really like this but it
wasn't particularly crunchy it was just
really cute kiss and missions smelt so
good because of the name I thought it'd
be like a warm scent it was a really
nice fresh watermelon scent this was a
bit wet on the top but I didn't mind
because as soon as you mixed in it was
absolutely fine it kind of reminds me of
Santa signed by Amy's cloud science and
it's really nice and soft and I love the
of them I really enjoy but you get to
watch them mix together but I did find
that this didn't go very smoothly it was
so soft and nice to play with it almost
felt like a butter slam but it just
didn't really fall like a great pals
line dr. pepper is one of the best
butter signs I've ever tried I think it
might be made with clear slime because
this is so so Sicily I didn't have to do
anything to it and like you can see from
the go it just had so many sizzles and
it was so soft and so spreadable it was
just the perfect butter slam and it
smelt like coca-cola next up we have
perf Day cake and this is another cloud
slime it was kind of thicker than the
last one I think there must be a
different base for it but it felt really
nice if I kind of like a cake batter and
it has this really nice kind of confetti
at the bottom it's not just like a cake
but it wasn't particularly smooth
falling so again this wasn't the best
cloud slime but it did feel really nice
everything came packaged really well and
was individually bubble wraps and
nothing leaks at all all of the
containers were labeled with her label
as well and I wish that had a label on
the bottom and sometimes I had extras on
the side which is why there's a little
cat sticker on the side if anyone's
wondering she also sent me some little
cat things some sweets a little care
sheet also a little business card and
also borax and more sweets and also a
notepad and Di's oh thank you so much to
everyone who sent in stuff and I really
hope that you guys at home watched this
and enjoyed it if you did don't forget
to give it a thumbs up and subscribe and
don't forget to visit my website because
I will be releasing slimes very soon
