hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
showing you the most satisfying trends
of 2017 so this is kind of a try not to
get satisfied video if you aren't aware
I'm currently having a prize draw to win
a handwritten letter written by me to
any of the people who win and there's
gonna be four winners and all of the
details will be in the description below
so don't forget to check that out first
friend is probably the most popular one
that slaves had all year and it's the
glitter mixing into clear slime and this
is just the prettiest trend ever I've
got a lot of questions of where I've got
this glitter from and basically it's a
really cheap set of Amazon I think it
costs like maybe five pounds and it was
like a twenty four piece set and it's
just so pretty and so easy to work with
the most aesthetically pleasing way to
mix us in is just to pull it and let it
drop because as you can see all the
glitters mix in together and looks so
pretty
another favorite trend of mine is daizo
mixing and this one is one that I wanted
to try for so long and it's kind of that
rainbow ombre effect with some clear
slime on top just the mold all of them
together and my one didn't work too
great I think I left the coloring on the
clay for too long so it kind of sunk in
and then when I put the slime on top it
didn't really move but it was so so
pretty and the sounds when they were
getting mixed in was so nice
this one isn't slime but it's always
kind of featured on slime accounts and
this is kinetic sand and this is so
satisfying to watch and it also has the
most satisfying sound ever
this time it's properly my favorite one
in the slime community and this is slime
smoothies and I love this because it
always revitalize they slimes that you
kind of think have died and they just
aren't stretchy or won't reactivate and
then you mix them with other signs and
somehow they magically fix and looks so
great another reason why I love this is
just because you can add so many
different slimes you can never know what
color it's going to turn out sometimes
it's so pretty and then sometimes it
turns into a really gross horrible dark
green but it's so fun to watch it mix in
this is probably one of my favorite
slime sounds and also visuals because
look at how satisfying it looks it looks
kind of like jellybeans doesn't it when
it's getting pushed through and all you
have to do for this is push it down on
the slime and then pull it up and I
recommend only doing this on clear
slides because this is the best way to
get the sounds we just want to twist it
around to create bubbles and then pop
them I tried this on a butter slime and
it's very safe to say this did not work
I tried to pull it up and it didn't
stick at all but it creates such a nice
Airy sound
for some reason I thought this method
would be really easy and this is slime
netting and it was actually really hard
it was really hard to get the clear
slime through the net as you can see by
my hand shaking and then when I put it
onto the slide it kind of started mixing
before I even started touching it so
that was kind of annoying then when I
put the clear slime on top of the black
slime I found that it kind of mixed
instantly so the clear slime didn't show
up when I started to swallow which is
really annoying but I think this could
be counteracted by just adding more clay
to your black slime
I wasn't prepared to give up so I did go
in and try it again and this time it was
kind of a bit more it was a fail I was
gonna say a bit more successful but it
really wasn't so it was easier to push
out just because I kind of got that
technique down the first time I do there
and then the second time I did it it was
a lot easier but when I was mixing it in
obviously I'd mixed in the questline
before to the black slime so this was
really gooey and when I mixed in you
couldn't see my clear slime asshole last
but not least we have cutting shapes
into slime and this is actually such a
fail I always see this on Instagram and
it looks so cool so what people do is
they put a little gold leaf on top of
Sinclar slime or just any slime really
and they just get a little cutter I
think they use of baking that's the one
I got maybe that's where I went wrong
and I just pushed it down into it and
then there's a really cool trick where
you basically just take the slime from
around it and it looks really cool and
this all went well it was all swimmingly
and I was just like it's gonna work and
then look at what happened it did not
work it did not come out with the shape
I feel like my slime needs to be quite
tough to do this but I just tried it
with a white sign just to see if this
would help and safe to say this is even
worse like it was just it just doesn't
fail it was I fail thank you so much for
watching this video I really hope that
you've enjoyed it and if you did don't
forget to give it a thumbs up and also
subscribe and don't forget to enter my
price draw to win a handwritten letter
from me to you and if it would make you
feel more comfortable I'm also very
happy to email you these you don't have
to give out your address on the internet
and all of the information will be in
the description so don't forget to check
that out and I'll see you next week
