hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
showing you some underrated slime shops
that I think are amazing and I'm really
sure you guys will like - if you liked
this video don't forget to give it a
thumbs up and also subscribe so first up
we have slime pot on Instagram and her
first site really amazed me this is cool
unicorn tears and this is a clear based
slime and as you can see it's so thick
and when you pick it up there's so many
jewels on the bottom of it it's one of
the prettiest slimes I've ever seen and
as a fishball slime but it doesn't hurt
your harness rule because there's so
much slime around it this slides on
scented but it does come with the
unicorn tears charm that I showed at the
beginning magic pixie is another clear
slime and again this is really thick but
it isn't as thick as the last one so I
think there's probably some water in
there but the glitters in this is so
pretty and not only other critters
there's also many gems and then these
ones are obviously a lot smaller and
they don't hurt your hands at all they
just kind of feel like beads in the
slime and they are so so beautiful very
farts inflates so much so much so that I
had to split it into two containers when
I finished filming this video and as you
can see it has so many glitters in it I
don't actually think there's any
coloring and out I think it's colored
purely by glitters baby slush is amazing
it smells really fresh kind of like a
clean cotton slushy bead layers super
crunchy and then underneath it has such
a nice texture it isn't a super thick
slime but I kind of expected that mainly
because with slushy slums you do need a
really sticky kind of loose space just
to hold in the beads and also allow for
some crunch and if it's thick then that
doesn't happen it's gotta to of the
chance I showed before the only bad
thing about this packaging was that the
boxes they came in broke quite easily so
as you can see that one was split by the
time it already arrived so this 8 ounce
actually was kind of like four ounces
but because the crates have put so much
bubble wrap around it it was actually
manageable to save the slime and as you
can see I still have a lot left
Froot Loops was another one I had to
repackage but this one was actually one
I broke I think some of the glue must
have gotten stuck in the top of the
package so when I open the lid the kind
of seal came off with the lid so I
wasn't able to close it again and the
whole packaging was broken as you can
see the slime is super thick and it
comes with really nice charms and smells
like fruit loops slime pot included the
cutest extras she included loads of
sweets which you can see I've eaten
already some squishies glisten also
slang care instructions and borax next
up we have some other slime and I've
been dying to try her Slayer and this
one is definitely my favorite one she
sent the name for this slime is viva la
vie boh√®me because it's based off the
music who ran this is a running theme
throughout all of her slime so she has
some from Hamilton later on and she has
just really cool ones and I'll tell you
which ones they are when they come about
this one is just such a gorgeous color
though and I really love how soft it is
but also how thick it was it's a really
thick butter slime and it's smashed just
like grape area with shells is obviously
based off the little mermaid I'm sure
you've all seen it and this is such an
unusual slime so it's a clay base but as
you can see it is so glossy it's so
clicky and just so thick and this has
like a really nice kind of floral
perfume scent next up we have everyone's
favorite musical at the moment and this
is a Hamilton slime and this is a
license burning butter obviously her
song burn is one of the best in the
musical and this one is such a unique
slime because it's giro colored at first
and then you get to mix it together and
it kind of smells like a fiery stank
kind of like cinnamony and kind of like
it would smell like it burn uh really
bad explanation Legally Blonde name is
self-explanatory and this is a crowd
cream slime and I really love the
texture of this it kind of felt like a
butter slime to me it was really really
soft really unique and as you can see
the color is so vibrant and gorgeous and
the scent of this was really nice as
well it's kind of like a fruity sweet
sherbet Sun
as you've probably guessed by the tone
of my voice I was obsessed with all of
her other themes and slides and all of
her scents but this one kind of let me
down the slime itself was amazing it
felt amazing it was super crunchy and I
absolutely loved the Skellington charms
but it's just kind of smelt bad I don't
know if that was intended because this
was a Halloween sign but I really didn't
like it
every item came really beautifully wraps
and I loved the packaging and also
though it was bubble wrapped and I
really loved all the actress she gave me
she gave some clays and just general
stuff to pudding slime she also included
a borax baggie and care sheet which I
found so helpful it was the most
professional cashier I've ever received
next up we have Debbie slimes and this
is her unicorn ice cream I think it's a
cloud texture but I found it was more
like a cloud cream it didn't fall really
smoothly but I just love the colors of
this and it's smart so good it kind of
smart like a really sweet berry ice
cream I would say and as you can see the
colors being mixed together are so
beautiful and then we get to make quite
a nice color actually it's kind of like
a light lilac pink and it just felt
really really good when I first
discovered her account but jeweled was
the one actually drew me to it because
it's just such a unique and beautiful
slime as you can see it's so thick and
so clear and then the jewels at the
bottom are such high quality they aren't
kind of like the typical gross plastic
ones they're really quite heavy and just
really fun to play with popping Rosie
was such a nice surprise to open because
all I could see when I was looking at
the package was the fishbowl and the
pink slime but then when I took the lid
off all the flowing beads were hidden
under it and it was so fun to play with
it added a really nice texture because
they were so big and the slime was
actually as thick as it could be to hold
the beads in which I was so impressed
with I don't know what it is but I find
that so many slime shops do not sell
plain clear slime and it's all I've ever
wanted and it's never any water and this
one is such a nice one as you can see is
beautifully thick so so clear I actually
found two little sequins in it but that
wasn't much of an issue for me and I
just loved it I thought it was amazing
and obviously it's also unscented
because the scents make the clouds go
cloudy
serene pal I didn't find was scented
either but this is a really beautiful
one it's the only pigment slime she sent
me but as you can see you and the
clarity of all of us signs are so good
so when that pigments added it's so
vibrant and it's just beautiful so so
nice I know I'm gonna absolutely
slaughter this name I think it's
pronounced pon da is it's a
Christmas edition slow and it's kind of
like a cloud slime and it's scented like
gingerbread I think it is and it has
such nice Christmas colors on I didn't
find that the class line was actually
amazing I really like the texture of it
and it was quite thick but it didn't
fall very smoothly strawberry cake pop
had such an unusual texture so it was
kind of like a clay kind of really thick
glossy slime base which isn't typical
with foams normally it's quite a sticky
base so we can get lots of clicks and
crunches but this was just a really
different experience and I really
enjoyed playing with it had a really
nice strawberry Sun it wasn't like that
gross artificial strawberry scent it
kind of smell like a strawberry cream I
guess this package was sent by Debbie
slimes and as you can see everything
came bubble wrapped every single thing
home really really tightly sealed as
well I actually really struggled to get
the seal off and she was they packed in
a bunch of extras her slime ingredients
were actually really handy so she has a
slime cache she again this is a really
professional one and then she included
so many extras including a borax baggie
next up we have Pookie slimes and I'm
not kidding when I say this is the
nicest slime ever so it's a bottle slime
as you can see on the screen it's so
Sicily it has so much air trapped in it
and I love the color marbling of this
it's just beautiful and it mixed
together to create a really nice kind of
pink is it kind of looks like the mouth
while she getting the dentist but it
smells so good it kind of smells like
the mouth will she go to the dentist as
well actually because it has that
peppermint scent and it's kind of meant
to be Christmasy but now I'm just gonna
keep thinking of it as a dentist slime
but I
I really did love it and it's super
affordable as well strawberry Oreos
smart just like strawberry to me not
really like Oreo but as you can see here
it's such a thick slime and it's so so
clicky and glossy I find it was quite
tough at first I had to add some lotion
to it just to get it to ease up because
I just found that it kept dripping but
once I did it was a really nice texture
my only fault with this is that the
glitters come out on the table this
slime is amazing it's called chocolate
pudding and as you can see is the
glossiest slime ever and it really
reminds me of glitter slimes Laffy Taffy
as you can see it has the same gloss it
has the same thickness it just has a
different scent and a different color
and I love the marbling that came with
this this is the first time I took it
out it might have just been the clay if
there is any in there just coming
through but it was really nice and when
I added some lotion to it it really
eased up and it became a loft softer and
it was so really inflated strawberry
cream was another amazing butter Slom I
think she must live in there a daizo
because these daizo clays were so fresh
and this smelt just like a strawberry
cream cheese again it smelled like
glitter slimes one I don't know if they
have the same kind of distributor but it
was just amazing and such a nice soft
clay slime
this package was sent by pokey slimes
and she wrapped it all really well and
she included the cutest little actress
including this little bauble Christmas
tree which I have off in my house now
she did forget to add borax but that was
just because she was in a rush when she
was sending it next up we have super
slow me and her slams really remind me
of Audie slimes because they're so thick
so glossy and I think she must use
Elmer's glue and some of the same
ingredients that Audrey users because
these slimes are amazing so this one's
cool blue Apple respond it and it's
smashed just like Apple as you can see
the color is beautiful is a really light
blue and the texture is really nice as
well it isn't a particularly crunchy
sign because the slime is so thick but I
just love how it feels the next slide
she sent me is Dole Whip and this smells
just like pineapple a really fresh one
at that and it's more so sweet and the
texture is so thick as you can see
there's a super glossy layer at the box
in which I love I don't know how this
pulls through it's beautiful though and
the Siam is so soft and just really
relaxing to play with because the clay
is so thick Annette do you come by
melancholy smile so fresh it kind of
smells like one of those drinks you get
in the spa and it's just so relaxing I
didn't really find that this helps to
burr cloud texture it was more of a
cloud cream to me as you can see in this
clip when you pull it up it doesn't fall
really smoothly it falls kind of all in
one orange color is the most crunchy
slime in all of the land I've literally
never heard or felt something this
crunchy I'm not a huge fan of orange
scent so I was really worried to smell
this but it's kind of like a really
fresh scent with a hint of orange some
it isn't overpowering ass'll when I
actually really enjoyed it
I've never tried trick cereal or fruit
loops but this time smells just like
Froot Loops I feel like there's some
type of overlapping it's also such a
nice texture it's super thick and as you
can see the gloss is so real and I
really like that the flame beads don't
disrupt the slime so you can still poke
it but it's also a really nice texture
for when you play with it in your hand
cherry fruit punch is basically the same
slime as Trix cereal but it's just a
different color with a different scent
personally I really love how thick this
foam is so I didn't mind this asshole
but it is just something to consider
this flight was very similar to Debbie
slime strawberry cake pop again it had a
really unusual base it was kind of like
a clay clicky it wasn't clicky actually
it was just a really thick glossy base
and it just felt really nice to play
with and the scent was a really
beautiful force and it kind of smelt
like a pumpkin spice latte lemon pound
cake is another cloud slime and I really
enjoyed playing with this but again it
wasn't a super cloud slime texture this
one was definitely more of a cloud form
than the cue humble one she sent and
this had a really strong lemon scent
this package was sent by super slimy on
Instagram and I really enjoyed all her
crap packaging being different color and
also the extra she gave me she gave me a
lot more sweets than this but again I
ate all of them because I have no
self-control she also included this
squishy and a slime cashew last but not
least we have Pangea slimes and this is
her Equinox slime this is a really
unusual slime at first I thought it was
like a clay slime that have got to over
activated but then underneath it had
like a really really gooey or sparsely
juicy disgusting fury layer underneath
and when you mix it together you didn't
need to activate a soul and it was super
super quickly
they also sent melted ice and this was a
jelly clay slime I really enjoyed
playing with this I think it had fakes
though in there and that first I thought
the melted thing was just an effect
where I actually had to activate this so
much and both of her slides had an
amazing sense everything was really well
packaged with custom packaging which I
was really impressed with now she can
see the slimes came in perfect condition
and I really enjoyed everything she said
she also something like ten more Jolly
Ranchers but again I ate them all so
thank you so much for all of your
packages if you enjoyed this video don't
forget to give it a thumbs up and also
subscribe and I'll see you next week
