hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
doing my $700 famous Instagram slime
collection and I really hope that you
enjoy it obviously this video is a super
long one so if you just want to check
out the types of people who sell Slayer
I'm gonna have some information in the
description so starting off we have
glitter slimes and I think this is the
biggest Sloane collection I have of all
of my slavers and this is her cake
batter ice cream which is one of my
personal favorites because it's a clay
base slime but it's also just super soft
and it hasn't hardened over time like
this is without any moisturizer being
added and as you can see it's just super
creamy and it inflates so much that
every single time I play with that I
have to get rid of literally so much
next up we have strawberry cream cheese
and like the last time it's also a clay
one but this one hardened slightly and I
shouldn't see by me touching it it was a
tiny bit tough at first but the more you
play with it the softer it becomes and
this one inflates so much I haven't
played with it that much before so I
didn't really notice but when I was
playing with it in this video for maybe
like two minutes it just grew really
double and it just became so fluffy and
lovely to play with another thing I've
really noticed about her slimes if some
people sense the wolf but hers keeps so
well it smells just as good as the first
day I got here and as you can see the
slime is also a really good quality
blueberry buttercream is so so nice so
it has really nice sizzles on the top
because I think it's made with Dozo clay
and as you can see here it's super
creamy and really soft and weirdly
enough in real life it's kind of glossy
as well which I was really impressed
with and the scent for this oh my
goodness it's so it's kind of like a
sour blueberry scent like the sweets and
it just smells really really good
cucumber spritz is probably my favorite
slime from her because I love the
crunchiness at the beginning and then I
just love the gloss underneath and that
the flame beads don't make it look
uncomfortable to play with it just adds
a tiny bit of texture and this inflates
so much and has the most gorgeous fresh
scent so you don't get sick of playing
with it hot fudge sundae is just like
the name suggests it smells just like a
kind of cake batter I guess this has a
really nice confetti at the bottom so it
is like a proper brownie mix and it's
just so creamy and as you can see here
it inflates a tiny bit the first time I
receive cherry is having a nice I didn't
really like it
I thought it was kind of I don't know I
don't I didn't really like it and left a
bit of residue on my table and I just
didn't like the texture but now I've
left it for a while it feels so so nice
I didn't have to reactivate it at all so
I think it might just be the textures
gotten a bit looser but I just found
that it was so smooth and so creamy and
I had a really nice and interesting
texture last but not least we have apple
Laffy Taffy which is one of her
bestsellers and I really liked it
because it was just so glossy and as you
can see here inflates a bunch as well so
it's really fun to play with I really
enjoyed playing with it just because it
was so cliquey and also it just smelt
amazing it's more like granny smith
apples and I just loved the texture of
this it was a tiny bit harder than it
was before which makes me think it has
cleaner
this one wasn't made by her it was a
bunch of slime she bought and made into
a smoothie but it ended up smelling like
cat food and it was just really not nice
next up we have Snoop slime and this is
one of the most beautiful slimes I've
ever laid my eyes on oh my goodness look
at the gold it's just so pretty
and I love that is a clear slime and
then when it's really clear all the
pigments show through so clearly I found
this to be really thin when it first
arrived but I think that might just
because it was shipping from America and
I only slightly activated it the thing I
recommend doing if this happens to you
as well is really over activating it and
then just leaving it for a few weeks
because this way it all becomes super
clear and not also be really thick
emerald fishbowl is so thick and also
just so so nice to play with because it
has such a good slime to bead ratio so
it doesn't hurt your house at all and as
you can see here none of the beads fall
out next up we have peachy babies and I
got on a lot of angry comments in my
review video saying that this didn't
itself in flavors I'm just going to show
you a clip of me playing with it for 30
seconds straight like it's meant to kind
of inflate and obviously this one is
poking so after I did this I also play
with it in my hands but as you can see
here from poking alone isn't inflating
like asshole and I'm playing with
basically all of the slime and it's just
not doing anything so I kept playing
with it and as you can see nothing
happened it doesn't inflate it just
doesn't like people can have different
bashes and this could have been a bad
batch
but this doesn't self inflate for me and
when I like pass it down after I've
finished playing with it stayed pretty
much the same height that it was in the
beginning so obviously I wanted to make
this a fair test so I took it out and I
play with it for another two minutes and
this did stuff and played a tiny bit but
it wasn't enough to fill the container
as you can see when I pass it down and
it just it wasn't what I was expecting
and I feel like you should get a bit
more product for what you pay obviously
the next time is a bit cheaper because
it contains flame balls but basically
the same thing happened I did find that
this one inflated a tiny bit more but it
just wasn't what I was expecting the
texture is
nice though next up we have parakeet
slam strawberry daiquiri and this is a
really unique slam it's kind of like a
gummy slam I would describe it as it's
really glossy but I think it's a clay
based one and it's just super quickie
and super thick it doesn't inflate but I
just love how thick it is already that I
don't feel like it needs to it's just
such a unique product and I don't have
any other signs like this next up we
have Aldi slammer and this is her honey
maple view which my favorite slimed from
her it's such a thick clear slime and
normally I don't like clear signs being
sent over from America because they
always melt but this one arrives so so
nice and the scent is amazing it's just
such a good full scent and actually can
see it's beautiful when it's not cloudy
and it's also beautiful when it is I
love the name of this one and it's
called mystery dum-dum and it's based on
those lollipops that Dom Dom's and this
one is a white one and you don't know
the flavor and it's kind of like that
with a slime as well so you were getting
a random Sun and it's just such a thick
slime and it has really nice flame beads
lemon poppy seed batter is her most
favorite slime and I see why because
it's just so clicky and super thick I
did find that it's gone little less
thick since arriving even though I've
activated it but I feel like she just
has a cool technique to get it like that
thickness last but not least from her we
have baby pumpkin gaps which is just
such a cute name and like the name
suggests it smells like warm camping
pumpkins pumpkins
it smells like warm pumpkin pumpkins
next up we have probably my favorite
slime package ever and this is from the
slime hive as you can see this slime is
amazing it's got a little harder since I
first got it but I got it literally like
5 or 4 months ago it was just a really
long time and I haven't really played
with it much sense because I've been
getting so many slimes and it stayed in
such
condition next up we have sour apple
puffs which is just a clay based slime
and it smells so good it's like fresh
apples and as you can see it's super
thick and also glossy the only slime I
noticed changing much at all is cosmic
brownie I feel like this has got a tiny
bit darker which isn't much of an issue
to me but I just noticed that and I
thought it was kind of weird glossy
cherry blossom blossom blossom is the
most cookies live I've ever felt in my
life
I just thought was a normal sign when
you play with it in the little container
it doesn't sound too quicky but then
when you take it out it's just the
smoothest little thing and it's so so
nice to listen to next up we have sent
it to slime by Amy and this is her
creepy crunchy limited-edition Halloween
slime he's a super pretty clear slime
with a powerful base and it has low
sicknesses in it and then a really good
layer of flowing beads on the top so
it's super crunchy and it also comes
with a charm cinnamon sugar doughnut is
so nice it's a doughy is hum dough II
obviously it's kind of like a it's kind
of like a butter sign but it kind of
looks like dough and it just reminds me
of a nice little donut and it smells
really good it's kind of like those
perhaps which you get from like Auntie
Anne's I don't know if you guys have
that in America but they're really good
tropically reminds me of peachy beanies
and cloud creams because it's kind of
like a snow base line but it will see
feels like it isn't it's kind of really
just creamy and nice
panco pufta lassard's an actual cloud
slam but I couldn't get any of the slime
sounds on camera which is why they won't
be a clip but as you can see in the
future clips it's really easy to pull
apart and as you can see it's not
leaving any residue on my table even
though it's made with incest though and
it's just so nice to play with and it
falls so smoothly then we have witch's
cauldron which was another in limited
edition Halloween slime I'm pretty sure
and this is just an ice queen little
like it kind of reminds me of Apple
Laffy Taffy and it smells just like
Apple and it's just so so nice
I got mother of dragon fruit and quite a
small size but it's so fun to play with
and it's really nice to play with them
one hand that this size and like you can
see here it's just super smooth butter
slime then we have Nutella slimy and
this is a banana split foam and as you
can see it was so so hard at first I
honestly couldn't even push into it I
found as soon as I started warming up in
my hands and just pulling it apart like
this it just became into like a normal
slime it still was kind of tough I'm not
really sure why I don't know if it's the
bees that she used or actual slime but
it was really crunchy
I remember liking this next slide but I
don't remember being in love with it but
this time I am fully in love with that
and this is chocolate chip cookie dough
and as you can see it's just the most
smoothly falling little thing ever it's
just so nice like I can't even describe
my love for this I just watched this
clip over and over and it comes with a
little chocolate chip charms in there as
well then we have slime New York who has
quickly become one of my favorite shops
ever I actually reviewed her slime when
I was a really small account and I
didn't even like having slime YouTube I
guess and I just did stuff on Instagram
and she sent me a bunch of stuff and I
remember being so impressed and her
account having like 5,000 followers and
now she has so so many and I can see why
because her slimes are amazing another
thing I really love about the shop as
you can see she fills her slime so high
like I feel the lot of shops they say
it's like 4 ounce and then it's like 3.5
ounces or with her I feel like I'm
getting the full amount and this time
it's literally the smoothest little
butter slime ever and it's so soft I
always thought the next one was
pronounced Amos Smith but a lot of
people said that it isn't so I'm not
gonna call it that I'm just gonna call
it the fishbowl slime but this is a
really really nice one because it has a
nice bead to slime ratio so it doesn't
hurt your hands at all and as you can
see it's super crunchy pinky sugar scrub
is a really nice slushy stone and this
has such a unique smell it's kind of
like a really like sweet floral scent I
would say it's just so so nice I wish I
could have it in a perfume and it has
really pretty classes in it and again it
has a really nice bead to slime ratio
passion fruit nectarine really confuses
me because obviously this doesn't really
look like a class slime at this point
and when I first pulled it it just kind
of looked like a creamy slime but then
the more you pull it becomes into an
actual cloud slime so this is a really
really confusing one I think it must
just be snow or another ingredient
packed really tightly because it does
like an actual pastime once you've
pulled it a few times but it does need a
bit of work I really like this and again
this doesn't leave any residue and it's
a really good class time next up we have
moon Carson and I was so shocked when I
opened this package because as you can
see it there wasn't much slime in the
container and then I soon as I started
playing with it became the most inflated
sign I've ever played with it was
amazing and there was so much of it I
have to take some out every time I play
with it and like you can see it's so
thick and it's not just like Oreos this
one has a scent like no other I really
hope that she brings back another slam
with this scent because it was just
amazing and as you can see the slime is
also pitched back which I just loved and
it was just amazing it didn't get in
your hands at all and it was really
creamy I think frantic bus has been
discontinued now but this is so so nice
and it's just a really nice creamy
butter my favorite slash shop ever is
probably slime strawberries just because
her slimes are so underrated and so
amazing so this is a cranberry butter
and as you can see it's so thick and so
vibrant this one has got to be the
quickest time I have literally ever
heard is called s'mores and it was
basically composed of a cloud slime
texture and also a really clicky slime
and it created just such a unique
texture as you can see it's really
glossy but it's also kind of like gritty
Oh doesn't sound very nice but it gives
a bit of like texture when you're
touching it
mystic bubblegum is gorgeous it's just a
basic pink slime but it's this I think
is iridescent coloring or like pigment
in there it's kind of metallic but it is
and it has like a blue shimmer and
rolling check 11 flames just a basic
flame and it's so affordable I was
really shocked at the price this was
just four dollars and I think
see it's really glossy and it's just
really cute the next time is so special
and this is cotton candy cloud and it
doesn't really look like a cotton candy
anymore it was originally pink and blue
and I mix it together and it made purple
and now it's turned to blue but it's
just such a smooth falling slime and it
doesn't do it justice on camera I was so
annoyed I tried for ages to get it to
like show how good it was but it didn't
reach up next up we have slime king and
this is a watermelon gummy I really love
this because of the size of the
container and how full it was and as you
can see the slime itself is beautiful as
well it's so glossy and something I've
noticed with all of these slimes is how
well they keep and I didn't have to
activate this asshole from the three
months that I haven't used it metallic
mango is amazing normally with scented
slimes they can be a bit cloudy but I
found that even when you played with
this this didn't really become cloudy so
I am convinced he has a special
ingredient that makes the slimes last
longer because clear slimes always mark
for me even if I make them myself and
there's just didn't coffee cake is a
butter slime that smells like cinnamon
and like he and see all of his prices
are also really fast so I think this is
probably the best value and best quality
slime for the money I have a love-hate
relationship with this slime because
it's really nice and is super crunchy
but the beads fall out and it gets a bit
messy
next up we have stellar slimes Mango
Tango butter and this is super nice like
you can see it doesn't really look like
if daizo texture it's super super glossy
I don't know how she does it she
probably uses like a special type of
clay that allows this gloss but it's so
creamy and like you can see it's just
beautifully pigmented and it smells
really good as well and like the name
suggests it has a mango scent orange
julius frost is a really cool name I
found out I thought it was like a royal
name like one of those really fancy ones
but it's actually just the name of like
a slushie that you guys have in America
and this is an icy slime and it's
beautiful it has a little firmer slices
in it as well you can probably see it in
this clip and it also has some little
glitters and it's scented strawberry
sorbet has such a unique texture it's
kind of like an icy slime but a bit less
snow I think or there might just be a
special ingredient that I'm completely
mistaking it for but it smells amazing
it's kind of like a tangy sour
strawberry scent cookie crumble wasn't
my favorite I was kind of expecting a
cloud slime but I found that it didn't
fall very smoothly as you can probably
see in this clip it didn't have the
normal cloud slime effects but it
definitely did have the same feel next
like we have a few slides from slimy
cereal and she sent me her clown blood
slime which I found was so glossy and
just amazing to play with as you can see
here it's so thick and it's just a
beautiful color and holds the gloss so
well schisms foam has a really glossy
base and it has really cute colored
beads on the top it kind of looks like
it's evenly spread out like each flowing
beetus than perfectly placed to make it
look like it has a pass in which I love
and obviously that doesn't happen
because you play with it and then it
just rises to the top but this is a
really fun song to play with
pumpkin cheesecake is the best full
slime I've literally ever smoked in my
life oh my goodness it's like autumn and
winter mixed into one it's just so
comforting and as you can see it's super
creamy and then crystal ball is amazing
it's just a really nice thick clear
slime and it has really beautiful colors
in it I think it's like a powerfully
blue glitter next up we have my happy
hobby slimes and she sent me a trio is
like a popcorn trio and the first one
she sent me it was cranberry popcorn and
the first time I tried this I wasn't
wild about it but I think I didn't
activate it enough because when it's
activated it's so thick super glossy it
has a really nice texture and the Sun is
really fresh as well next up in the trio
we have buttered popcorn and as you can
see here I just noticed that my nail
fell off so I was freaking out but it's
a really nice texture it's just like
clear slime and you just push down all
the microbeads and it just has a normal
blow me texture and the final part of
the trio is caramel popcorn and this is
my personal favorite because it's so
glossy I love this Norma caramel and I
just love the color it kind of reminds
me of hot chocolate she also sent me
pink sugar scrub which is a really nice
foam and it has a really fresh scent I
love the color of this and like you can
see it's super inflatable so it's really
fun to play with and you get more than
you think you have then we have Froyo
slimy and I've received her package I
think in my second ever slime review
maybe even my first I don't know but I
loved her slimes and this one I didn't
actually get to review because it
arrived melted and I didn't want to
reactivate it and because it's a career
slam I didn't want it to look really
cloudy but as you can see here it's
super thick and really clear and I think
it's one of the best clear slimes I've
ever tried
tracer for kids is what triggered my
absolute obsession with big flame balls
I literally love them the slime is so
glossy and it's just one of the most fun
things to play with and her slaves are
so affordable like this eight ounce is
eight dollars that's one dollar per
ounce and normally eight ounces are like
17 pounds the flam beads and Rainbow
dippin dots are so pretty they're so
vibrant I just love playing with this
slime because it has like a really thin
layer of foam beads opposed to like
loads of them so you don't have to push
through slant bottom patrick originally
had two colors in it but obviously I
played with this before so it's mixed
together and made this really nice
yellow color this is so glossy and it
has a little bit of a thinner textures
than her other slime but personally I
quite like the contrast periwinkle
butter is so nice is a really creamy
slime and at first I over activated this
when I first got it so I added a lot of
moisturizer which could be why it's so
soft now but I found that it was super
inflatable and really fun to play with
last but not least we have moon since
Kyle Ames and this is a pink gummy
butter it's such a beautiful slime and
it has such a gorgeous texture just like
star slimes is a super glossy slime but
it still has that butter texture free
loops is really nice and thick and it
has so many fruit loop charms at the
bottom normally with these kind of
slimes a slime a gives you one charm but
this has literally like five or six of
them and they're all different colors
and it really made the slime for me
literally all the first lines are
amazing I keep wanting to be like this
one's my favorite but then I can't
decide I think this one is probably my
favorite from her just because the slime
is so thick and it has the perfect view
to kind of slime ratio witch's hat
phloem was one of her Halloween special
edition slimes and this comes with a
little charm in there and like all of
her other slimes they are so bossy and
just really fun to play with when the
last slime arrived I was quite
disappointed with it because I didn't
see it as a cloud slime but I think she
might have just over activated it first
because as you can see here it falls so
smoothly now that I haven't activated it
in a while thank you so much for
watching this video it took me so long
to edit so I really hope that you liked
it and if you do don't forget to give it
a thumbs up and I'll see you next week
