hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
testing out some viral Instagram Sloane
trends that I literally see everywhere
so I thought would be really fun to test
them out on camera and see if they
actually work the first one we're going
to be testing is lipstick slime and for
this all we're gonna need is some clear
sly and also some lipstick and I was
worried this wouldn't be super pigmented
if I didn't use to so I decided to shop
up to you and just place them in the
center of my slide I started to fold the
slime over just very carefully because I
wasn't sure how easy would be to makes
in if they would just kind of melt it I
actually found it quite hard and I
wasn't sure whether or not it would
change the texture so I made sure the
slime was super sticky as you can see
here it didn't chase texture at all it
was really really hard to mix in though
the lipstick was very very tough I don't
know why that would be easy I think it's
just because it glides on your lips so
smoothly so I expected it to mix it to
slime like that and as you can see it
did become super pigmented but I found
so many lipstick chunks no matter how
many times I kind of pressed it in and
as you can see it does become super
glossy and pretty but it kind of looks
like a white grease line and it does
have loads of chunks in it
the biggest sign trend at the moment is
how to make cloud slime and this is such
an unusual way to make it so the first
thing we're going to need is some ultra
dry nappies and as you can see here I
just opened it up to get to the center
part which is where all the absorbent
stuff is and then I just poured so much
water on just like as much as you can
get into the nappy without it leaking
which is such a gross thought isn't it I
let the nappy sit for three minutes
before going in and chopping open the
middle just so everything had a chance
to evenly distribute and kind of like
just spread around I guess and become
extra absorbent and then I started
taking out handfuls and just mixing it
into the slime I made before so this is
a clear slime and I was really curious
onto what would happen with a white
slime as well so I doing that after but
this became really cool it was kind of
like Ollie's just adding fake snow it
was just as good I would say it's a
little less stretchy as you can see here
it does mix in very very easily and it
does change the texture immediately and
I found that the more snow you were
adding the more water you needed to add
with this but I didn't find it in most
of the slime as much as normal fake snow
does so that's a massive bonus and
obviously it's a lot easier to find than
fake snow but like I said it does break
very easily so it isn't the best for
kind of cloud slimes it doesn't give
that cloud slime effect really but it
does create a nice kind of icy slime
another thing I was really impressed
with is normally class lines leave so
much mess on my table when I use fakes
though but as you can see here this just
picked itself up and it didn't create
any mess so I thought it was about time
that I tried it with some white glue as
well and this was quite a thick glossy
slime that I'm adding it to and I
decided to add loads of water because of
that because I didn't want it to kind of
just become really tough and as you can
see it melted down very quickly when I
added the water and this was more of a
cloud slime texture but it wasn't a
cloud so I'm at the same time
the next method has been one that's been
so requested recently and this is how to
make NSYNC list home and I've been
pretty skeptical on this because in my
opinion you can't make NSYNC will slam
it's one of those very long processes
but basically what someone came up with
is you need a cup of borax solution and
this is half a teaspoon of borax and a
cup of water and then you pour your
clear slime or clear glue instantly into
the solution and leave it for two
minutes and then it will just form a
slime so I decided to test it by
pinching it and as you can see it seemed
pretty formed so I started to take out
and I did notice that it's less up in
two parts so there was one big quick
blob and then there were two little
parts so I just took them out and as you
can see they basically look like a slime
it wasn't sticky on my fingers at all
and it was really really clear so I was
so impressed with this and I definitely
thought it works until I started playing
with it and I actually found that the
center was so sticky and it was just the
outside that was kind of red as I mix it
up I found that it got to a really putty
texture which past thing I really liked
but obviously is an ideal if you're
trying to make clear slime possibly the
hottest slime trend right now is rainbow
glitter mixing and I literally love
these videos because they're so pretty
and they're so fun to watch it being
mixed in so all we're gonna need is some
clear slime and you can use you or like
in sync with slime if that method worked
for you and then we're just gonna add a
bunch of glitters on top and I got these
off Amazon I think they were super cheap
it was like three pounds for the whole
pack and I just went ahead and just
added them in a little pretty pass in so
when I pushed it down it will create
that pattern in the slime and it was
very very pretty I was expecting it to
just kind of look like a bit of a mess
and all mold together and make a really
ugly color but it really didn't it
looked gorgeous on the top and the
patterns actually in the slime was so
pretty no matter how many times she
poked down on it so I decided to start
picking it up and mixing in the colors
because I just wanted to see what the
end color would be because I feel like a
lot of people show that actual glitter
mixing but not the final product so I
was wondering if it would be super ugly
and at first we got this little cool
little effects and I literally loved it
I just as you can see just is beautiful
so I just stared at it for ages and then
I started to mix it and and said goodbye
to all the pretty patterns and just
it into one color and I just dipped this
out onto the table because as you can
see there is so much closer around the
pot so do do this on a table that you
don't mind getting messy because it is
gonna kind of overflow and it Turner
just such a pretty color it was kind of
like a rainbow mermaidy color and I just
loved it it was so pretty this was one I
was sure was gonna work and by me saying
that I probably given away the outcome
but it's basically just putting slime in
cling film and then chopping it open so
I was like how hard could this be
and the answer is very so when you put
the cling film and I just thought you
could make it into a ball shape and then
it would stay but it looks okay from the
top and then underneath it just kind of
all falls out in your hands and it's
super sticky but when I chopped it open
it was quite easy to push out the first
part but then literally half of the
slime was stuck in the cling film so I
was trying to pull it out and actually
can see it comes out in really small
parts so I decided to stick the cling
film on the slime hoping it would stick
off but then all the plastic got stuck
in it and it was basically so sucky so I
started to move on to the next method
which is drawing on slime and you're
gonna need some highlighters or felt-tip
markers with like a big nibble at and
we're just gonna draw on our slime in
different patterns and I think slime
each starts at this trend most of these
trends of requested ones but if they
aren't and I'm definitely gonna be
linking everyone who inspired me in the
description so don't forget to check
that out so I decided to dog it around
the place just to try and get a cool
effect when I was picking up the slime
and I started to pick up the slime from
one angle and as you can see it looks
really cool when it's being stretched
out but I didn't find that a pigmented
the slime very much so that effect only
lasted for maybe two folds and then it
just became like a little bit of a swirl
in the white slime and it all became
very orange which I was surprised that I
must have put a bit more orange marker
than everything else
one of my most requested things is to
perpetuate paper in slime and I found
that it actually wasn't the worst things
I decided to call this method how to
make butter slime with no clay so we're
just gonna add a little toilet paper and
as you can see here the toilet paper
looks super thin and this is because
there's normally two sheets of toilet
paper stuck back-to-back on like one
little thing so I just opened up and
like half dit so it was easier to mix in
I did find that it became so tough so if
you're adding this to slime and it's a
really sticky one or like I did just add
loads and loads and moisturizer and add
the thing in that way and that way you
won't have to break up the tissue as
much but I do find that it's better if
you do just because it doesn't become so
lumpy as you can see here there are so
many chunks that I'm kind of missing
just because I kind of rushed it and
chopped loads in but the texture when
you add one piece at a time is really
nice but this method is quite
time-consuming as you can see here
though it turned from a really sticky
slime into quite a tough slime so it
really does thicken everything up and
the more you play with it the smoother
it gets as well the one thing that
really bothered me about this is how
easily it rips and also it doesn't
spread with a knife but it does spread
with your hands this was a nothing
method I was really excited to try out
and it's basically putting slime in
balloons and I don't know how people do
this because it's literally the toughest
thing as you can see here I struggled so
much I probably got like less than a pea
size of slime into my balloon so I don't
know how people do this without cutting
open it and it's just the hardest thing
and when you kind of try to stick it
into the slime to kind of push
everything in it sticks to the slime and
as you can see it was a massive fail
thank you so much for watching this
video I really hope that you enjoyed it
and if you did don't forget to give it a
thumbs up and subscribe and in the
coming weeks I'll definitely be
uploading more than one video a week so
don't forget to hit that notification
barrel just to know when I upload
my videos and it probably will be on
Fridays and Mondays so I'll see you next
week and I hope you had a lovely day
