in today's video I'm going to be
recreating some famous instagrams I made
by glitter slimes and these are all
gonna be recreations but I really hope
that you enjoy them so first up we're
gonna be recreating blueberry
buttercream which is one of her best
sellers this is a clay base line so I
like to add a really simple base and
we're just gonna start off with some PVA
glue and some foaming hand wash I added
about eight pumps just to add a bit of
fluff without adding shaving foam and
then to get the color I just added some
food dye in and add this really
gradually because I wanted to get to the
perfect color in total I added about a
teaspoon of food coloring and I know
that sounds like so much but as you can
see the color was absolutely perfect so
once it was all mixed then I just went
in with my activator which is one
teaspoon of borax to two cups of warm
water and I added this really gradually
I did want to leave a tiny bit sticky
because I like to add dye so clay in two
mixtures like this and when you add dye
so it makes the slime very hard so if
you make a sticky sign kind of
counteracts the hardness of the clay so
you can add more clay and the slime will
still be really soft so first of all I
added some dyes oh and as you can see it
was still super sticky so to make it
more clay like I added a really tiny bit
of model magic and I call it this blue
and it turned into such a thick mixture
and it really reminded me of the
original
the next time we're going to be
recreating is hidden treasures and this
one sells out so quickly I've wants to
get my hands on it for ages and we're
gonna start off by using some clear glue
and he will work I'm using Elmer's and
then we're gonna need an assortment of
silver and gold glitter and I use ones
of different shapes and also different
colors just because I like the effect
that gives so as you can see here I have
some chunky glitter and then some fine
and ones just to give a really nice
effect and it looks so pretty when it's
being mixed there and I was making it in
really slowly because I didn't want it
to go cloudy and then I realized it was
gonna do that when I play with it anyway
so it was pointless I went ahead and
stirred it all in and after it was
stirred in I went and grabbed my
activator and I recommend using half a
teaspoon of borax to two cups of warm
water or some laundry starch and add it
very slowly because for Claire slimes
they activates so quick and as you can
see here it goes through a weird liquid
state to kind of like a more sticky
state when you pick it up but it's still
not a slime and then the moment you play
with it it starts pulling it together
and becoming harder which is the place
that people go wrong normally if you get
like hard clear slimes a lot this is
probably where you're going wrong just
add one piece of activator and then just
play with it when it looks way too
sticky and it will fix itself and then
for the final touches we just want to go
with the gold leaf and add it's at the
top to make it look super pretty and
this sounds so good when it's being
mixed in
the next one has been so requested and
this is cherry Italian ice I didn't get
the mixture perfect I think I added a
tiny bit too much so but it was pretty
close so I started off by using some
white PVA glue and then I went in with
some cornstarch and this just thickened
up the mixture whilst the shaving foam
that I added made it a bit more fluffy
and I know she doesn't like the feel of
cornstarch so the real ingredient is
probably something else but I couldn't
figure out what it was and this was the
closest thing I had then I went in with
the colouring and again I'm using some
food coloring just because I find that
this looks so vibrant and white glue and
then we can go with our key ingredient
and this is instant snow you can get
this off eBay and Amazon
I actually got mine off a site called
Baker Ross which is a stationary site so
there are loads of rounded pieces that
sell it and it's just a powder that you
pour water on and you need to play with
it and it expands so much and when it
doesn't feel dry anymore that's when you
know it's ready I then added three
handfuls to my mix but I actually
recommend doing it after you've
activated your glue mixture mainly
because this will stop you from adding
too much snow I just went ahead and
mixed in all of my snow and after it was
mixed in and it was a really thick
mixture I went to grab my borax solution
this activated so quickly because we had
shaving foam in the mixture and if you
guys don't know shaving foam actually
contains bicarbonate of soda so it just
speeds up the whole activating process
so add a lot less activation than you
would to a normal sign when you're using
shaving foam to give it a different
texture I just went ahead and added some
dyes okay just to make it more like
stringing I guess and it turned out so
good
next up we have crushed lollipop Slom
and this is a really nice crunchy slime
we're gonna need some clear glue for
this and I'm just using my clear glue
from Purple Cow education is a super
thin one and then we want to add the
tiniest tiniest smidge of food icing
coloring once that's all mixed in we can
go ahead and grab our plastic filler
beads and these are the things that are
used to make kind crunchy slushy slimes
I guess you could say and I get mine off
Amazon I just added a tiny bit of
activated because this is a clear slime
and I just stirred it for ages as you
can see it got super cloudy and I just
added a tiny bit more to get it less
sticky and it turned out so nice the
next time is one of my absolute
favorites just because it's so unique
and I love how pigment it is if we're
gonna start off with a really nice thick
and fluffy base I'm gonna start off with
some PVA new firming face wash foaming
hand wash and also shaving foam and I
like to add a lot of shaving foam just
because she has like a really unique
model magic texture to her butter sign
but the only modern magic I have is
white so I don't want it to dull the
colors instead I'm using a really thick
and fluffy base to kind of replicate
that then I went in with some food
coloring and like you can see I added so
much and this only got it to a really
dark gray so I decided to go in some
washable paint and this is not acrylic
this is a water-based paint and as you
can see this made it so so black it was
so gorgeous and once the color was all
mixed in it was ready to activate so I
just added my activator very gradually
because like I said before this has
loads of shaving foam so it won't need
much and as you can see it activated
fully almost immediately I need you to
play with it very quickly to make sure
it didn't go like a rubbery horrible
texture and it turned out really nice
and like you can see it looks super
thick and clay like so then I added some
actual clay and this is daizo clay again
this is just to make it a bit thicker
and it also means that you're just
making a twist on a butter slime instead
of just calling around them slime but a
sign and this one is so so nice and
thick when you get
with that as you can see it's beautiful
is so pigmented it didn't like fade
asshole even when I kept it in the box
and it was just so nice to poke
next up we have rainbow chip frosting
and this is one of my favorites just
because it's such a simple recipe and
all we're going to be using is PVA glue
and foaming hand wash to start off with
and this ensures we're gonna have a
really nice fluffy base but it won't
kind of dilute the solution so it will
still be really thick once we've added
all our ingredients we can go without
borax solution and I like to add this
really gradually normally I only have to
add like two little dollops and this is
mainly because with flumes you need to
leave them super sticky so a they can be
crunchy and be they can hold in the
beads without falling out so it won't
create any mess in your table so after
we've got it to this stage we just want
to go ahead and do the touch test then
basically it's gonna feel like a slime
but it's just gonna be a tiny bit too
sticky to touch then we can go with our
phloem beads and I think these are cool
polystyrene beans on Amazon that's where
I get then I get a three pack for ten
pounds which is it a lot of money but
these are really good quality and then I
just play with it for a while and if you
want all the beads to rise to the top
instead of being mixed in keep it in an
airtight container
thank you so much for watching this
video I really hope that you enjoyed it
and if you did don't forget to give it a
thumbs up and also subscribe and if you
have any requests with future videos
feel free to leave them in the comments
and I'll definitely get back to you
