hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
doing a 100% honest review of underrated
slime shops and I really hope that you
enjoy it
first up we have starry night from
tropical slime heart and this is my
favorite sign I have ever received as
you can see that the color is beautiful
and even though this is made with a
clear slime it literally never turns
cloudy I don't know how she does it but
this is after playing with it for half
an hour and it's mush just like a lush
shop next up we have berry sherbert and
like the name suggests this smells just
like sherbert and it's the softest
little cloud slime ever and as you can
see it falls really smoothly it does
create a bit of mass on the table but as
soon as you roll the slime in it that
excess comes off one of my main problem
with fishbowl slimes is that people
don't actually put enough glue so it's
so so tough on your hands now as you can
see here there's a huge jelly layer that
you can mix in so it doesn't hurt your
hands at all and it's just so fun to
play with and I love the little thermo
slices she's put in this is cool pink
lemonade and they're just little lemon
slices
candy corn butter is literally the
softest butter I've ever felt and it's
so fun to play with because not only is
the texture really gorgeous it's also
two-tone so you get to see all the
colors mixed in and see it transforming
and this kind of smells like a full
slime to me like really cozy and I know
that candy corn is like an icing scent
so I think the name is representing the
colors of the slime more than the scent
I don't know if you guys have ever tried
high cheese sweets but they are
literally my favorite things and this
smells just like a fruity high to you
and it's just so beautiful and thick I
was kind of disappointed with buttered
popcorn mainly because this was super
tough when it arrived I really loved the
sense of it it smashed just like a
gorgeous really warm freshly made
buttered popcorn I decided to add lo
some moisturizers to see if I can kind
of say there and it kind of had like a
scrambled egg texture I guess that it
kind of looked like that it was super
soft and like fun to play with but it
wasn't my favorite slime all of her
slaves came with this adorable little
label on the bottom which I loved and
she also had a really nice logo on the
top and she included really cool extras
I love sour sweets machine criticism
sour broke pores and then loads of
little extras to put in my slide banded
orders normally get a borax cashy and
also a sweet next up we have fluffy
Simon this is how unicorn cereal I just
love the colors with this the really
gorgeous light blue color contrasting
with the pink beans it's just gorgeous
and this kind of smells like a fruity
cereal milk it's just super fresh and
just so so creamy
bubblegum butter was a bit tough at
first but I think it's because it's been
traveling for a while and then it's been
sitting in my house so the Clay's just
gone to the top but as soon as I started
playing with the it really softened up
and the color was so so pretty so there
was a kind of light color on the bottom
and I like a darker color on the top but
once it was mixed together it created a
really nice electric pink and this
doesn't really smell like bubblegum to
me it kind of smells like a fruity like
a berry sherbert berry sherbet is the
best way to describe it
banana split was a really cute flame I
had a really glossy base and just a few
beads so it wasn't crunchy at all but I
didn't really mind I just liked the
beans for the texture and it has a
really strong bone on us and that's a
bubblegum but nah I literally love the
color of poison apple butter
so like the name suggests it does kind
of look poisonous it's like a toxic
glowing color and it's not just like a
granny smith apple like sin it was just
so so nice well actress you included
some of my favorite sour sweets and she
included these really cute little
ribbons so just like put around the
packaging and I just thought it was a
really nice touch and this is the extra
bag that everyone gets a squishy is
sweet I don't know if the squishy comes
with everyone but you definitely get
borax and a care sheet with every
package next up we have slime desert and
this is her icy slime it's such a nice
texture is almost a cloud slime but it's
kind of itinerary obviously it's made
with a different type of glue but it's
just such a nice texture and the residue
doesn't get left on the table either and
this has a really nice blue raspberry
scent it's kind of tangy coconut shaved
ice is an unscented slime but it's
really fun to play with it's a white
slime and I think I don't know what's
added into it maybe some ice like fake
snow if you know what's added please
comment below because I'm just really
curious and I kind of want to make one
of these Sloane's myself I really love
this slime I don't know how she did it
because she's made it so self-inflating
that I literally had to take out half
the slime just to close the packaging
watermelon salad patch had the best son
ever it was kind of like a tangy
watermelon scent and I could smell it as
soon as I opened the package so I was
scared that something had leaked but it
hadn't it was just this amazing Slom has
a really thick base and the beads are
really gorgeous and don't fall out
Cap'n Crunch berries is a really thick
slam and it has really colorful beads in
it some bacon also some small and I just
love the texture of it it isn't super
crunchy but it's just so fun to play
with and really relaxing and this is
unscented everything came wrapped in
bubble wrap really securely and nothing
leaks and it was an international
package so I was super impressed and she
also included some Swedish fish for me
next up we have slime by Molly and I
told her that I loved the big beaded
flames so she included a bunch of them
and the first one I tried out was blue
raspberry lime pops on this has a really
nice fruity sherbert sign I couldn't
figure out whether this is made with
white glue or clearly because it's super
super glossy and it kind of looks like
quickly but then it has the thickness of
white glue I really really like this and
it wasn't particularly crunchy the bees
were just there to add some texture
funfetti foreknown of buttercream smells
just like a vanilla cake batter it's so
so lovely and it isn't too overpowering
and I really love how thick the texture
of this slime is and the big balls
really add to the texture
pink lemonade didn't smell particularly
lemony to me but it had a really nice
sherbet Sun which I enjoyed and I really
loved the texture of this butter as well
as you can see it's super thick and
creamy but it isn't tough asshole forgot
to say that she's a UK seller so if
you're from the UK shipping won't be
expensive I have a love-hate
relationship with the next line because
it has such an amazing texture and scent
but it really stained my table and I had
to scrub it and use borax for its actual
purpose to clean my table and it kind of
became color yellow where the slime
itself is so nice as you can see it's
super creamy super thick and it smells
gorgeous literally just like a brownie
bar so it's the best brownie Sun I've
ever smoked ever lemon poppy seed butter
really shocked me this one was amazing
it was so thick really glossy but also
kind of like clay like but it definitely
didn't have any clear in it and it kind
of looks like a toffee /watch was so
smart just like a lemon cake and it's
super super fluffy and strategy I'm
gonna review all the next limes together
because I think they all have the same
base and they just use flowing beads so
first up we have pink berry confetti and
this much just like a berry smoothie and
then banana cake pop just like the name
suggests smells like banana and these
have a really nice glossy feel to them
they're not super thick for they're just
really nice slime the next time is such
a tongue twister but I'm gonna give it a
go mint choc tip crunch is such a nice
lime it smells just like a minty ice
cream and orange Fanta is my far my
favorite phloem that she sent its kind
of mixed with a clear glue I think it
has a really nice texture it's thicker
than the other signs and it's not just
like Fanta
she included so many extras including so
many sweets that I've eaten basically
all of them so only these ones are left
and she packaged everything so well so
they came in really good packaging with
a little logo on it and it will all
bagged up don't know I've got another
shot of the sweets in there obviously
really loved them and I have some flame
beads as well really big ones and also
slightly smaller ones and then she just
included some little slime accessories a
squishy
atwo system dies Oakley which I am so
obsessed with oh and she included a
little birthday card that she make you
so much for watching this video I really
hope that you enjoyed it and if you have
any requests for future videos I'd be
more than happy to read all of your
comments and do them so please leave
them in the description in the
description in the comments section and
I will get back to you thank you so much
for watching this video and I'll see you
next week
