before we start this video I just like
to thank you for sponsoring it good
morning party people today's video is
gonna be a vlog and if you're like why
is she plugging in her main channel is
because you guys requested it it's
currently 6 a.m. and today is day 2 of
the stims camp I'm so excited
day 1 was amazing I didn't vlog too much
I'll probably like include little
snippets here and there throughout this
vlog all kind of at the end this was the
map of what we got given yesterday and
the blue parts what we were allowed in
and the green parts of what we're
allowed in today as well yesterday I was
literally just by the sweets the whole
day and they had like these GI and
strobes I was like they're gonna
replenish them it's ok
I came back like half an hour later and
they were gone I did even all of them oh
my goodness I feel so bad oh and now I
need to pack a slime suitcase and feel
like towel why do you look so tired it's
because I got home at 2:00 and I did not
sleep so it's currently 6 and I am tired
we just write answers
I'm here with Millie Cloe and it's so
cool here
I love that we came to get like a stop
motion picture we bump up you okay so
what I was about to say when I show the
cuff like yeah we can double one we have
like a flipbook studio here so it's
there as a green screen and then you
take essentially boomerang photos and
then you give it a flip book where you
can like flick through it will do it I
will show you a lot you need to do
perfect
looking gorgeous
this is my new aesthetic I'm never not
doing a video in this week now I'm going
anywhere alone along with the one you
want for this amazing okay
I love hiring raising I love races
across the county would the pig parents
well they're for my client why do I lose
everything like today how many times
have I lost my phone like she's left it
everywhere I'm filming Talisa in a panic
because she's falsifying oh yeah she is
like if I was it would be good I'm not
very long I was just like I'll take her
phone again
look it's like a really cool bicep I
mean it's like popping it
grunting up my load again this is my
table
I'll be sitting in the middle there and
then all of my stuff will be around me
and I'm probably going to reactivate
this huge batch is 9 litres of slam nice
and tight you know so I've just got
miked up it goes here and then it like
please through the back I realize I
never do like behind the scenes and when
I do like Fushigi things I look very
bright right now because there's like a
billion lights but this is the setup
behind the scenes we have a huge light
and we have a couple of cameras I'm
gonna be doing like a one on one
tomorrow
I don't know if people like the new
chrome watch I think it'll be quiet
everyday thing if they do so just about
to film a little behind-the-scenes
interview after I just did my livestream
I'm screaming so tired right now we have
a little setup with our reporting
information he would have the guys
so I finished my work now imagining nine
takes 45 minutes I'm gonna give out of
some slime initially they were dancing
on the live stream how much I have
because I have like nine leases they
were like five kids outside ties up by
two I don't take my time Susie asked you
I see nobody comes climbing up Sandra
Mary said it's so like this don't make
like you I'm sorry and your got skimpy
you're not actually to buy it like the
sensation of about three in your mouth
again I know it's like really slicing
that your flat no this is my kind of
messy workplace I currently have I've
actually used so much could you see
honey bubbles there art you wanna hear
the bubble pops I would love to Wow it's
actually three live good dirt oh yes you
did it
it's hey if you're so weird doesn't that
it's your first time playing with flying
that you have to like go in and out
really quick I should go back for those
videos guys I'm actually like shaking
like crazy
you can color it's gonna color it yes
I'm buzzing who's the guy that makes
them really well climb up cydia oh wow
do you know how to play with that joy to
teach you maybe come do it on the floor
y'all see you did it how you did it I
know it feels so this is now Alice lime
but um yes for you so you love it
oops did me this holiday ever students
like me I was like yes I'm yes inspired
me because like when I go here always
like no one's gonna know who I am
that makes me so happy I know you would
have passed with ideas well I told my
friend yeah I know I don't wanna go say
hi to the daughter that way it's you
hiding on to the booth you hiding under
the blue pen and she was hiding so I
didn't actually see humans just so hard
like throwing machine is how we have
like a home location here does everyone
playing this one that's like a tsunami
room we're almost at the end of the day
I'm like CK's we've done all our work
oh that's oh yes of getting your slavery
I simply say this when I was a kid and
this is so much more advanced than what
we had I'm so polite but look at all
these options but I say why don't we go
read looks like a supermodel she looks
like that krusty-krab
yes we are having so much fun today this
I wish we could show you the gap famous
it's so so good Betty I'm 40 it's our
dates month so we're not allowed to
touch it
wait we're gonna go grab some food I'm
walking around with his massive suitcase
I keep knocking into everything yeah I
think I'm get a good dive in somebody
yeah it looks like I've just arrived
yeah it's going to my channel I'm just
so tired at this point well I wanted to
in skeet
like they have a bag where did they get
that bag
