hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
teaching you how to make famous
Instagram slam and the first time I go
to be making is cosmic brownie by the
slime hive and this is a recreation but
I think it's super similar and I love
the recipe we're gonna start off by
pouring some PVA glue out and then we're
gonna get our green and red food
coloring and these two mix to make a
really nice ready Brown which is the
color of cosmic brownie and I like to
add loads of green because as you can
see here the red actually turn pink
because of the white flu so I added
loads of green and then I went in with
loads and loads of red and when this
will mix us in as you can see it goes
from a really cocky green to a really
nice brownie color then we can start
adding our other ingredients and I add a
7 pumps of foaming hand wash and also
some shaving foam and we want the glue
to be the main ingredient we want about
2/3 of the glue and then maybe a third
of the other ingredients and this will
give us a really thick base we need to
need it loads because as you can see
here it's so stringy but then it turns
super glossy cosmic brownies a clay
baseline so I decided to use some model
magic for this and like I said a billion
times before this is super tough so we
just want to soften it up with some
lotion till it gets to a smooth stage
like this I actually added a really
small amount of clay to my slime but I
spell it out so it's a thin layer and
spread more evenly but like you can see
here I haven't actually added that much
clay and it did tell the color a bit so
I just went in with my colors again and
as you can see here it looks super
vibrant
next up we have Lemon Poppyseed battered
by Audie Slom and she gave me a hint to
how to make this and she uses Elmer's
glue-all and this is a really tough glue
to work with a lot of people can't use
it but it's basically super stringy well
we're gonna be using some ivory paint
with this and it's gonna give that
really nice yellow Brown effects but you
can also use some yellow icing if you
don't have that then I go in with the
deep treatment conditioner and I like to
activate my slime very slightly before
this because I find that it waters the
mixture down and if you add it at first
it just changes the whole texture and
then once that's mixed in I like to stir
it up again and I activate it fully and
like you can see here it bunches
together and it becomes so stringy I
find that it falls apart and you really
have to knead this for so long like 10
minutes no exaggeration and it starts to
become lumpy and then you can kind of
play with it for a while and it becomes
super smooth and thick like this the
last thing we're going to add is some
black glitter for the poppy seeds and I
recommend adding a lot less than I did I
had it so so much last but not least we
have apple Laffy Taffy by glitter slimes
and this was a really hard one to refit
I had to try a lot of recipes for this
but basically we're gonna start off with
some PVA glue and some normal cream dye
you can add as much as you want I find
that like adding a tiny bit at a time is
the best and you can get it to the color
that you want and then I added loads and
loads of foaming hand wash probably
about 10 to 12 pumps just to add a bit
of foam but we don't want a deflating
mixture and I know that Nicolette
doesn't use much shaving foam so I just
use loads of this and then I went in
with my activator and the activator I
used today was really weird it was a
different brand of borax which is why
it's doing this but it comes together
and then it becomes liquid like here I
don't really know I just kept adding it
and then leading it in and this one we
want to be really really thick and I
decided to add a different product
because a lot of people think she uses
cornstarch but I know for a fact that
literally hates the feel of cornstarch
so I decided to add some dye so clay to
see if this would thicken up the mixture
and I added a really really tiny bit at
a time because as you can see in most of
the photos it doesn't look like a clay
base but I was just thinking like what
else could thicken it up and I added a
very tiny bit of this
then I added some more coloring just to
make it more of a Laffy Taffy color and
it came out super nice thank you so much
for watching this video I really hope
that you enjoyed it and if you did don't
forget to give it a thumbs up and I'll
see you next week
