hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
recreating some famous Instagram Slom
and none of these are gonna be the
original recipes but they're all gonna
be really famous foams that you would
have seen around Instagram and I really
hope that you enjoy it the first time
we're going to be making is Barbie slime
by snoops times and this is actually
super simple to me we're gonna need is
some clear glue some gold pigment and
this one is from pearl X and I just use
a tiny bit of this you just want the
slime to go a bit cloudy like this you
don't need it to be super cold and then
we're just gonna add some food coloring
and I like to add quite a lot just
because I like my Barbie slime to be
super pink but if you want it to be true
to the actual car you need to add a tiny
bit less than I do and then you can just
go in for your borax activator as usual
and when it comes out you need to let it
clear for three to four days because it
will be super cloudy at first but it
should end up looking like this and it
is a bit darker than the original but I
really love it next up we have
strawberry cream cheese slime by glitter
slimes and this is one of my favorite
slimes I have at home so I was so
excited to recreate this I just started
off by adding my white PVA glue followed
by a tiny bit of shaving foam five pumps
of foaming hand wash and also some food
coloring and the reason I've added so
much is because we're gonna be adding
some white clays and when you do this
obviously it's gonna change the color to
be lighter and you may also be wondering
why I'm not adding any cornstarch
considering this is a cream cheese but I
know that Nicolette doesn't like using
cornstarch so I don't think she'd use it
in any of her slimes then you can go
ahead and activate it and I recommend
leaving it a tiny bit sticky because
when you add in the Clay's it's really
gonna harden it up so you're probably
gonna need to add a bit of moisturizer
if you activate your slime fully like I
did the next thing we're going to need
is some model magic and this is super
tough so we need to soften the start by
adding some moisturizer and just
massaging it in until it becomes a
really smooth mixture like this and then
it's ready to add and I don't recommend
adding it all in at once because it's
quite hard to mix in
so I recommend splitting it into two or
three batches and then mixing into your
slime gradually
my make sure went a tiny bit hard since
to soften it up I just went ahead and
added some moisturizer and then it
became really flowy and thick just like
I intended it to be and then I could add
my next clay and it's really important
to add the second clay because I know
that she definitely uses this because
I've seen on her staff account and this
is daizo clay I just added one cube
because I don't know how much she adds
but I just thought that this was enough
and it made it really nice texture it
made it super soft and super Sicily and
I feel like this really made the slime
last but not least we have butter slime
by slime og and this is my favorite
slime out all the slimes I made today
because it's super Sicily and it's just
so easy to make so we're gonna need some
white PVA glue and then we're gonna add
a few pumps of foaming face wash I added
about six then I added an equal amount
of foaming hand wash and then I added
some shaving foam just to add a bit of
fluff to the mixture and I don't think
you need as much as I added I probably
would have added a bit less if you made
this again when you're coloring the sly
and make sure you add a tiny bit more
yellow color than you think you need
because we're going to be adding the
white dyes okay and when we do this it's
obviously getting light in the mixture
so I just mix this all in and as you can
see it's quite a vibrant yellow color
once everything's mixed in we can go
ahead and activate it and I just use my
borax solution for this and if you want
you can leave this a bit sticky because
like I said the clay does harden it bit
and the clay we're gonna be using is
called dye so quick remember when she
first announced this was the clay she
was using to make butter slime and
literally it sold out everywhere so I
was so happy to get my hands on it
finally and I found that it made my
products so creamy and also so
spreadable thank you so much for
watching this video I really hope that
you enjoyed it and if you did don't
forget to give it a thumbs up and I'll
see you next week
