hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
showing you how to make clear slime in
the UK with British ingredients and I
really hope that you enjoy it so first
up we're gonna need some clear clear and
the clear glue I use is from purple cat
education and I really love this because
it's 1 litre bottle for 3 pounds which
is cheap even quite clear and I just go
ahead and add some to my bowl and then I
grab my activators and activators I'm
gonna be using today a bicarbonate of
soda which is baking soda in the US and
also some eye drops and these have to
contain boric acid it's really important
that they contain this thing otherwise
it will not work this one actually
contains borax as well I think but you
can get ones without borax and you don't
like using borax and you need to use a
lot of this it's a really expensive
method to do so if you can get other
activators I do recommend it but if
you're in the UK you might not be able
to so you might add this gradually and
then you just want to play with it in
your hands and as you can see here I
already have a clump that's gone super
hard and my problem with this is that it
goes too hard if you keep adding your
activator so what you need to do before
adding any more activator is just keep
massaging the other glue that's kind of
liquid into the hard glue and this just
has the softness slime that's already
been made and make it all into one
product again so you don't have to
separate out liquids from the hard stuff
and activate it separately once it
reaches this stage we can just go back
in with our eye drops and I bicarbonate
of soda and add it really gradually with
this specifically I tend to stop adding
activator when the slime go stringy in
my hands because when I play with it
even more for kind of like 2 more
minutes I do find that it hardens itself
and then also when it's left for some
reason clear slimes always go a tiny bit
harder and they lose a bit of this stick
so don't worry if it's a bit too sticky
because you can always activate it at a
later stage anyway so it doesn't really
matter if you want to color your slimes
the thing that I recommend using is
icing coloring and this is because this
is really pigmented so you only need
about 3 drops of this to get a really
nice color like this and to get your
slime clear like this all you need to do
is leave it for 4 to 5 days if your
signs a bit harder or you've over
activated a bit too much you can leave
it in the Sun to speed this up and just
melt it down a bit
the next thing we're going to be making
is slushy slime and I always get so many
requests from this because no one knows
where to buy the beads so today I'm
going to reveal that and we're gonna
start off by making the slime in the
same way we made the previous ones we're
gonna use the same glue and the same
activators but instead of activating it
fully we're only gonna activate it
slightly because we need this to be
super sticky to hold it all the beads
because the biggest problem that people
have with slushy slimes is the beads
fall out or it hurts their hands too
much and I always find that the reason
this is is because they activate the
slime way too much and then the beads
just can't stick in and the beads are
called plastic filler beads and you can
get these on Amazon this is where I get
mine from I think they also come in some
stuffed bears I like to add my beads at
this stage mainly because if the slime
sticky then I know it can hold it but if
I add too many beads when it's like all
just glue then I won't know how many
beads the slime can hold I might add too
many and it might just be a bit of a
mess so I recommend doing it this way
just ensure that you get the maximum
crunch and it's a really nice texture
and with this one you can leave it to
clear up the personally I don't like to
because it's just more fun to play with
it instantly and it doesn't really clear
up because the beads are white but it's
a beautiful little crunch and I love it
thank you so much for watching this
video I really hope that you enjoyed it
and if you did don't forget to give it a
thumbs up and I'll see you next week
