hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
doing a 100% honest review of famous
slime shops and I really hope that you
enjoy it that's stuff we have glitter
slimes and the slime I bought off her
was cucumber spritzer and this is such a
fresh and thick slime so at first it's
really crunchy because it has all the
flowing beads on top but when you push
them down it becomes such a cool glossy
slime and I say cool because of the
scent and it's such a cool cucumber said
I really really love it and as you can
see here the slime is so thick and it's
just so glossy and it makes such nice
the walks the container was a screw top
and it came wrapped in bubble wrap so
nothing cracked which I loved and it
came with a sweets and borax and also
some instructions on how to use it
next up we have slime New York and I am
obsessed with her slimes I've been
following her for the longest time and I
was so excited to receive this package
from her fast line I opened was pink
sugar scrub and this is a clear base
line with some slushy beads in it the
first thing I noticed was that the beads
didn't hurt my hands asshole she put the
perfect amount of clear slime to make it
clicky but also still make it really
really crunchy and as you can see here
it didn't fall apart and none of the
beads fell out and it was so fun to play
with so I'm also has a really nice
perfume scent which I couldn't stop
smelling next up we have cotton candy
squish and as the name suggests it's
mushed just like cotton candy and it
comes with two colors pink and blue and
they're both really really vibrant and
as you can see here has a really thick
texture it's super unusual it's quite
hard to describe it it's kind of a cross
between a cloud slime and a bustah slime
feel because it has that light texture
that a cloud slime has but then it's
also quite spreadable like a butter
slime next up we have amis myth fishbowl
and this one has such a thick base that
is really fun to play with and also
doesn't hyper has a tool even that has
loads and loads of beads in it and the
sense kind of unusual it kind of reminds
me of the tumble drying sheets I have
it's fresh but kind of sweet and fruity
at the same time and it's really really
beautiful to play with
passion fruit nectarine had me shook
just because as a cloud slam and
normally class time to be residue on my
table so I was there ready with my wet
wipe and nothing came off it fell so
easily and it was so fun to poke as well
it was just like poking a normal slime
but it had this really nice effect and
it's not just like Fanta fruit twist
Tiffany's bust is a really really
classic bottle slime I think it's made
with daizo clay and it's so smooth
really really creamy and it has the
color of Tiffany and COEs logo it's so
so cute I love the idea behind it and it
has a really fresh scent so it's kind of
suited for everyone all the containers
came wrapped in bubble wrapping and she
sent me all these slimes for free for
review and everything was amazing the
list of actressy scent that she normally
sends was a borax pack and also some
instructions but she very kindly sent me
some clay and these extras too and I
think the squishies available on her
shop next up we have Nutella slimy and
this is her banana split blast foam it's
a bit of a tongue twister but it's a
really fun time to play with at first it
was a bit hard so I was a bit worried
about playing with it but once it warmed
up in my hands it was so so stretchy as
you can see here it was also super
crunchy and soft I really like the
multicolored beads that were kind of
dispersed and all the like white beads I
thought was a really nice touch
and as you can see here it was so fun to
play with and it's not just like bananas
the other slime she sent me was good
chocolate chip cookie dough and just
like the name suggests it does smell
like a cookie dough batter it doesn't
really smell like chocolate to me but it
may have like a small bit of chocolate
in there I don't know I'm not great with
scents but as you can see here it's
super buttery and it was so fun to play
with it fell so smoothly just like I
expected to cloud slime to you but as
you can see here it did leave a bit of
residue on my table and it wasn't
something that you could pick up with a
slime so it is a bit messy but I loved
the feel of this so I think it's so
worth it they include little chocolate
chips with the things I think this is
why it didn't smell like chocolate
because the chocolate part just with the
little charms that you get with it they
included the cutest little extras I've
never seen those little pearl beads on
the side so I was so excited to get them
and they also included some borax and
instruction next up we have moons and
sky lanes and this is her pink gummy
bear butter and it's basically a glossy
slime mixed in with daizo clay because
it's super super throw key but it also
has the texture of a butter being really
thick and spreadable it kind of smells
like a strawberry candy as well which I
asked the eel of next up we have her
Froot Loops lime and I was so excited to
try this because it looks so glossy on
her Instagram and I really wasn't
disappointed as she can see here it's so
so glossy and it was it has little fruit
loop charms in it which I thought was
the cutest thing it was also so thick
and clicky and it smelt like cereal milk
the next slide was so pretty and it's
called birthday cake cloud slime it has
free and pecans sprinkles in a white
cloud slime base and it smells just like
birthday batter birthday batter cake
batter
you know I mean and it's so so fun to
play with the only thing is it doesn't
really stretch or fall like a cloud
slime as you can see here it kind of
break I really liked it regardless and
if you did it slowly and then it would
kind of fall and it was really fun to
play with it had such a nice soft
texture it was really like I can't even
describe it it was just like stroking a
pillow basically
which is hat phloem is super glossy is a
purple slime with some flowing beads on
the top and it kind of smells like
berries
yeah like gummy bear fish Bo is probably
my favorite one that she sent me because
it has so much clear slime in it at
first that was super sticky which I was
a bit confused with because she lives in
the UK but I didn't really mind because
she sent me some activator so I just
used that she sent me so many extras so
starting off with the putties we have
the purple party that comes with the
witch's phloem we have this one which is
a really nice watermelon party it's just
a normal standard one and this is a
super clicky one but the purple one is
the most quickly of all of them I've
never had a party that spells this nice
and it's so fun to play with then she
sent me all those foods and also a
little activated bottle which I thought
was so good and I used for activating
all the slimes in this video she also
sent me borax and a little borax
instruction she and I really hope that
you enjoyed this video and if you did
don't forget to give it a thumbs up and
I'll see you next week
