hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
showing you how to make cloud slime I
sea slime and also frosting slime and I
really hope that you enjoy this video
first thing we're going to need for all
of the recipes is some instant snow and
this isn't premade snow this is a powder
you add water to you and it forms snow
and as you can see here it kind of has a
weird texture at first so what I just do
is play with it in my hand once has
expanded and become fluffy I just pop it
to the side that's why I'm going to be
showing you how to make as cloud slime
and for this we're gonna need some white
PVA glue foaming face wash and also some
shaving foam and this is just to make a
really really thick base because we want
it to be a really is weird to want this
but you need a really rubbery hard slime
and this is because the instant snow
melts the slime so much so you want to
activate it way more than you would a
normal slime and just add loads and
loads of borax and when you're playing
with the slime you almost want it to be
at the ripping stage and if you want you
can have at the ripping stage because
the slime is gonna fix so as you can see
here from adding a bit of instant snow
the slime is already a lot lot softer
and the more you add the softer the
slime becomes once you've added your
first batch of snow it's quite important
to not add too much and you do need to
keep dipping it in and playing with it
but you want to test it by just
stretching it out and once it gets to
this stage you know it's done and it's
so fun to play with and it should fall
really smoothly next up we have icy
slime and this is such an easy recipe
all we're gonna need for this is some
clear glue some icing coloring if you
want it and also some fake snow it's
important not to add too much snow to
this because you can get a cloud slime
effect and with this you want it to get
to what looks like a body scrub like a
sugar body scrub so once it gets to this
texture you want to stop adding your
snow and just going with your activator
and for this I'm using one teaspoon of
borax - two cups of warm water because
I'm using clear slime and you just want
to keep playing with your hands with
this because obviously there's a lot of
snow in it and it does fall apart so you
just need to keep pulling at it and at
first it is kind of like a cloud slime
if you don't activate it too much as you
can see here but once you add all of
your activator it turns into a really
nice crunchy icy slime
last but not least we have frosting
stone and for this we're gonna need some
white PVA glue and some cornstarch and
we're basically gonna be making a cream
cheese base to start off with so this is
gonna have a lot of cornstarch and have
a lot of shaving foam as well just to
create a really thick mixture and after
we've done that you can also go in with
some coloring and I'm using a washable
paint because washable is a kind of
water-based it does loosen your mixture
a bit so if you find that your mixture
is quite runny we wants it to be super
thick so go into some more cornstarch
and just stir it up until it's a bit
thicker and then after that we can go
with our activator and I'm using one
teaspoon of borax - one cup of warm
water and I added loads at first because
I knew this is gonna take so much
because whenever I add cornstarch once
it's so impossible to stir and it takes
so long so I added it all in one batch
and played with it for ages with my hand
and then after adding a little bit more
borax it became fully activated and I
just went in with my fake snow and you
want to add this handful by handful and
this gives a really nice butter slime
effect in this base and as you can see
here the texture really changes even
from the first handful I think I put in
about five handfuls in total total total
and also it becomes so so buttery that I
was just like you know what would make
this better
adding a clay to this and I added some
dyes okay just to thicken up the mix and
also make it a bit better but before I
did that I just went in with my
activator again because like I said
earlier the fake snow really really
melts the slide then for the final touch
I just went in with my dice a clay and
mixed it all up and as you can see here
it really is already quite buttery from
this fake snow in this mix like I don't
know what causes it but it looks like a
butter slime so adding the clay just
pulls the texture together and gives it
a little bit more sizzle
thank you so much for watching this
video I really hope that you enjoyed it
and if you did don't forget to give it a
thumbs up and I'll see you next week
