hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
showing you how to make slime in the UK
with British ingredients and the first
recipe I'm going to be showing you is
for fluffy slime we're gonna need some
glue and I use the extra strong PVA glue
from the works and this cost three
pounds after that I go of my shaving
phone and I use the Jill it's sensitive
one because this isn't smell as much and
this is what makes it really really
fluffy and add some more fluff I also
use some foaming hand wash and this is
just from Tesco in the kids section
sometimes fluffy slime can be a little
hard so when I make it softer I add some
lotion and I'm just using the Nivea
lotion but I don't have a set lotion
that I normally use and I just go in and
mix all of the wet items up before I go
in with my cornstarch and this is called
cornflour in the UK and the cornflour I
use is from Tesco and I get it from the
baking aisle next to all the flour and
other ingredients that I think cost 70 P
for a huge jar so it's really really
good I like to use about a cup of corn
flour in my mix just because it helps
the slime hold its shape really well
after you've activated it and it makes
it so fun to swap but the main reason I
add so much corn flour is because the
activator I use contains a lot of water
so if you don't add that much then it's
not absorbing it and it kind of becomes
jiggly and kind of gross
so the activator we're going to be using
is Kershaw's laundry such and I use
three tablespoons of this and then pop
it into a four ounce container fill up
the rest of the container with some cold
water
I then mix it all up and you need to add
this very quickly it isn't the type of
act means that you can have sitting
around because all the powder sinks to
the bottom so make it just as you've
finished mixing all the other
ingredients just at the end point and it
will be fine but what happens is the
slime becomes really hard and then the
more you stare at the stickier it
becomes which is kind of weird it's the
opposite of what you want to happen when
you're activating a slime but I find
that once I've added my whole cup in
that's enough to fully activate the
slime even though it may not look like
it at first you just need to keep
stirring it and eventually it will
become too hard to serve with your
spatula and you may need to go in
through your hands and what I find is
that it's really sticky inside but on
outside it's quite tough if you play
with it for five minutes then it becomes
like a normal slime and it's so fun to
play with
if at first like me you don't add enough
shaving foam is perfectly fine to go
into that afterwards and it will make no
difference your mixture the next verse
appears for a clicky glossy slab and
we're gonna start off by adding the same
PVA we use in the first tutorial and
then we're gonna go in with the deep
conditioning conditioner and this one is
from Aussie and it's the miracle nourish
3-minute moist I'm pretty sure any deep
treatment conditioner will works if you
don't have this exact one but you have
one that's similar feel free to add it
and add lots of it because this is what
makes it super clicky and then we're
gonna go in add quite a lot of foaming
hand wash just to add a bit of fluff
without adding shaving foam and then
after that I like to color it and the
color I use is from Tesco and it's the
go create one I think they're about 120
or 150 so they're not super expensive
the only thing is after a while of slime
changes color so as you can see here
it's super pink but then in the next
shot it kind of goes a bit lighter and
it carries on doing that once you've
activated it so that kind of sucks but
if you don't mind that this is a really
good paint to use and after that I go to
my Kershaw's laundry starts mixture
again and much like the first tutorial I
just added little by little if stir with
my spatula until I can no longer stare
and with this make sure it is a lot
harder to stir just because there's a
lot of glue and there isn't much shaving
foam to kind of make it a little thinner
so I do have to go through my hands
quite early as you can see here and once
you start playing with it with your
hands it does fix quite easily and it
sounds so so nice and glossy after a
while but sometimes you do need to add a
tiny bit more Kirsch's than you do with
the previous mixture just because for
some reason shaving foam makes slime
easier to activate but after that you
end up with a really nice quickie slime
thank you so much for watching this
video I really hope that you enjoyed it
and if you did don't forget to give it a
thumbs up and subscribe and I'll see you
next week
