hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
doing 100% honest review of famous and
underrated slime shops and I really hope
that you enjoy it I'd also like to thank
Skillshare for sponsoring this video
check the map through the link below if
you aren't already familiar with them
but to give a small description of
scorcher it's basically an online
learning community with loads of classes
and I used to use it all the time in
school to help with languages Spanish
ones are especially great but they also
have DIYs business skills and tons of
other stuff my favorite section at the
moment definitely has to be the
Halloween DIYs as they're so creative
and informative and I know how much you
guys love Halloween so I know you guys
will love it too I also love the save
tab because you can change the duration
of the videos you want to watch that day
and you could also see what you watched
just in case you forgot to save
something we found something really
interesting which i think is great and
the site's already super affordable at
less than $10 a month annually but since
the show's sponsoring this video they're
giving the first 500 people that sign up
via the link below in the description
their first two months free and premium
membership gives you unlimited access to
all the high quality classes on the
platform so don't miss out and sign up
via the link below first up we have pot
pie from borax body-slamming everyone on
instagram has been talking about this I
could not wait to get my hands on it and
I was so impressed as soon as I opened
it has the coziest smell about it I
think it's like a warm apple pie set and
then inside the slime we have some
orange Java chips to represent carrots
and also some flame beads in Korean to
represent peace lime is super unique in
texture so if you own loads of slimes
you would definitely not be disappointed
if you have this I really really love it
it's unlike any of the other slides I
have and the scent is just amazing next
up we have glitz and glam which I was so
impressed with because this is so thick
and so clicky at the same time I don't
know how she does this because I don't
think she uses glycerin she must have
like a secret ingredient in the spine
she uses a ton of cool glitters and my
favorite one is definitely the micro
glitters because you can't see them too
well in the slime here it kind of looks
silver in this fight but when it's kind
of at an angle and it's sitting on the
top of the slime it looks like an ultra
violet blue which is so cool then it was
a Hasson fishbowl beads in their Patek
but this is just such a gorgeous slime
has an amazing smell as well it kind of
smells like a mix of bed linen and a
sweet sugar son I would say cotton candy
shake was one of my favorite slides
because I love mixing all the colors
together and this came with the cutest
charm on top as well so when you push
this down I was expecting it to be quite
tough because the slime was of Wes's
tools when I was mixing it together I
decided to try and fluff it up and as
you can see from pulling it straight
away it just turns into instant fluff
which i think is great it's really great
beginners cloud slime and as the name
suggests it's much just like cotton
candy and so gorgeous it's not
overpowering at all it's like the
perfect amount of scent in there
Sharon sherbet is another really
gorgeous cloud Slom this one has a much
lighter consistency I would say it's a
tiny bit more wet so this is probably
why but this flows so smoothly it's so
so nice to drizzle and as you can see
the colors are super vibrant as well and
they mix them make a really nice fiery
orange color and the Sun as the name
suggests is like shava I would say it's
kind of like a fruity sherbet more than
like a sugary sherbert
but I love it regardless if you don't
like wet signs this probably isn't the
one for you but as you can see the
drizzles are so worth it and I think the
slime is amazing
next up we have black berry buttercream
which has such a unique scent it's a
really creamy Center design but it also
has a really fresh blackberry Sun which
is really lovely as you can see the
slime itself is also super area and a
gorgeous butter slime and my hands just
sink into this I really love playing
with this Bora Bora is another really
gorgeous butter slam this did arrive a
tiny bit tough just because of the
weather here at the moment so I put it
in my airing cupboard for about three
days and it tended to a super creamy
slime at first it comes model blue and
green but once you've makes it together
it turns into a really nice turquoise
color and it smells like fresh bed linen
everything came bubble wrap - nothing
leaks but the best thing about this was
definitely the extras they had their own
personal pot pie pins but the best thing
was my candy they sent a bag loads of
sour candy my favourite things were in
there which is thoughts and there were
also some sour patch kids next up we
have the person you guys all we're
requesting and this is parakeets lines
and this is her cereal milk one which I
think is her most popular one of all
time and the first thing that I really
loved about this was it doesn't have the
typical Captain Crunch cereal milk scent
she's actually mixed her own I'm pretty
sure and it's a really realistic scent
it smells like the genuine smell of milk
mixed with cereal instead of just
Captain Crunch it's so unique and I was
so refreshed to have a genuine cereal
smell and I know I'm going on about this
but I was just so pleasantly surprised
because you get so sick of the same
scent over and over and then the slime
itself was just beautiful it was so
glossy it had such good bubble crunches
and she doesn't use Luol oh don't think
so it's a really different texture from
all of the other kind of really popular
thick slimes at the moment and I just
can't rope about this enough it's a
amazing sour blue-raspberry lie mode
really surprised me because on instagram
it kind of just looks like a basic slime
but as you can see this is such a thick
slime has such a gorgeous son oh my
goodness the scent is like really tangy
a really raspberry but also super limey
so it's just everything I think she
probably mixes her own but whatever she
uses it's amazing this line was just so
so good I was completely blown away by
it I wasn't expecting to love this one
as much as I did but this has such a
good son inflates so much and just such
a great texture
this was the slime that made me decide
that I really wanted to try out her
slimes because it's so glossy and then
when you touch it it goes to Matt and as
you can see this one is just so thick
just is amazing it's the typical slime
that I love it smells really creamy I
don't actually know what a butterscotch
smells like but it's kind of like a mix
of toffee cream I would say in this line
because this I'm so thick it has such
nice bubble crunches and I just love
everything about this all the fuss lines
really blew me away and how thick they
were
party milk is kind of based off cereal
milk sin I think it has a bit of Captain
Crunch mix there no offence the Captain
Crunch scent I just love her original
cereal milk son and this is another
really thick one as you can see this
turns matte it has really nice little
confesses and opossum and although the
slime super thick it is someone that
can't stretch as you can see it's super
smooth flowing and just so stretchy so
fun to play with and again gives off
really great bubble crunches Oreo milk
is the one that everyone's raving about
at the moment so I knew this one was
gonna be amazing and like most of her
slimes it's super thick really glossy at
first then turns matte but this has
gorgeous little girls in there just to
represent the little cookie crumbles and
the scent is so so nice again this is a
mix of cereal milk and I think a bit of
Oreo is really like fresh fruity but
also I'm gonna say fruity Oh guess it
was more like a sweet scent with some
Oreo in that and it's so so creamy and
it inflates so much so it turns into a
completely different texture
parakeet science is definitely not an
overrated Sloane shop I just loved all
of her slimes
everything about the package was amazing
- she included a few packets of borax
some sweets and some care sheet cards
and she's also given me a little
discount for you guys so check that out
in the description
it's totally so it's named after my
sixth - it doesn't exist but yeah I'll
write more about that in the description
next up we have a UK slime a cool sign
by mittens and as you can see this gold
slime is so thick and also so pigmented
I think they must use a paint in this
because this color is amazing and then
they have two little bee charms in there
which are really really cute but the
slime itself is so thick and yet so
stretchy they actually used a really
unusual glue for this so it has a hard
top at start but then which you mix it
in it turns into a perfect slime and as
you can see this slime is just beautiful
Snow White had the freshest Apple Sun
ever it was so gorgeous it smelt a lot
like a lush shower gel it was
limited-edition a few years ago so it
was so great for me to play with this as
you can see the top is so glossy and
then underneath it has loads of glitters
is a really nice jelly textured slam and
what I was so impressed with but this
did not melt at all I had this for two
months I did play with it here and that
but I always keep my slides for a while
just to see if they mold or like have
anything gross happened to them but they
stay perfect and it didn't melt a bit
Orion Loops had a really gorgeous kind
of cookies and cream scent I wouldn't
say it was Oreos but it's a really
really comforting cookies and cream son
as you can see it's kind of like an
off-white color in the glue it's not
particularly thick it's just a nice
little flowing with some Java chip
textures a weird thing about their
Sloan's which I actually contacted them
about was that they have like a weird
hard layer on the top of their clear
slaves and they just said they weren't
using Elmer's but now they switch to it
as you can see this slime is beautiful
it has really nice iridescent flakes in
there it's so clear so thick and I just
love playing with this it also isn't
scented just to maintain the clarity but
I didn't mind at all I just thought this
line was a dream to play with
sign cast so it was a really nice cloud
slam as you can see it fluffs up almost
instantly it smells like fresh bed linen
and it also has a gold like pig pen I
think it is on the top I would say
glitter but it didn't come off like a
glitter in the slime after it was mixed
in so I think it was just probably
adding to the color but as you can see
it this drizzles really smoothly it's a
really nice texture
it's a tiny bit wet but I don't really
mind that and it's really fun to play
with I ask that you love the decorations
on the top of cookie crisps it has a
little like Fair toast I think it is and
then some confetti and then on the
bottom there's more confetti and also
some like cookie crumble like chocolate
I guess you could say that this is an
amazing slime as you can see it's really
drizzly very dry and it's just really
fun to play with I was a little
disappointed with it's hot outside
because I couldn't actually smell a
scent on this and it might just be that
I couldn't smell it and there was one in
there the slime is a lot thicker than
the other cloud signs and there's a lot
more dry as well I would say so it
doesn't drizzle as smoothly but it's
more like connected as you can see here
so when you play with it it's more of a
doughy texture more than like a loosest
sign I quite like it if you don't like
those types of signs absolutely fine but
I yeah it's still a cloud Simon it's
still really good
everything came really beautifully raps
and crap paper and also bubble wrapping
my favorite thing about this was
definitely the extras they were so
creative like one of them was a pinata
ornament for a Christmas tree I think it
is and then they included the stylist
stuff like a Kashi and Bora before we
close out this video I just like to wish
Ashley a very happy one year anniversary
on her marriage with Matthew he emailed
me the other day telling me you watch
all my videos and you even comment on a
lot of them as well so I wanted to do
the shout out for you and I hope you
guys have the best day and to everyone
else watching thank you so much making
it to the end of this video and I will
see you next week
