hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
doing 100% honest I'm of your famous
slime shops and I really hope that you
enjoy it start off with we have
blueberry butter cream from glitter
slimes and this is a bit tough to start
off with but once you play with it it
becomes so soft and fluffy and I have
this song sitting around my house for
maybe a month and it didn't need any
activator whatsoever only negative thing
was a bit of dried up sign got caught in
the container making it hard to open
slimes also really fragrant and smart
just like blueberries next up we have
cherry Italian ice in this car the cute
little cherry ornament and has such a
unique texture I couldn't tell whether
this is made with clay glue or white
glue because it had a clear glue texture
in the feel but then it looks like it
was made with white glue it's such an
unusual texture that is actually quite
hard to explain I think it's probably
like a watered down clear slime with
some fake snow added in and I really
loved the texture it also smart really
strongly of cherries but it had so much
residue the fake snow and the slime was
so hard to get off table it came in her
new 6 arts container and it was full
right to the top which I was so
impressed with it was like her with a
little sticker on the bottom which the
blue blue buttercream did him well
actually she includes a little baggie of
borax a slime Keshi and some toys and
sweets which I really love next up we
have Froyo slow me and her slides are so
perfectly packaged they have crap bubble
wrap and also little bits around the
side the first time she sent me was
tricks are for kids
and this was my favorite slime she sent
the base was so thick and the boys were
so so big that they were so fun to play
with as you can see here it has a really
creamy texture I was so shocked to find
out these for only $8 for 8 ounces such
a good value and it's one of my favorite
signs I've ever played with next up we
have SpongeBob and Patrick and
originally these yellow and pink but as
you can see here I have mixed them all
up because I need to do reactivate it
this was a super glossy slime it was
also really thick but kind of jiggly
which I thought dict I thought it was
really cool as an unusual texture unlike
the previous slime it was $8
next up we have periwinkle cream butter
and this arrived a tiny bit hard just
because the clay has obviously just
dried up a bit in the time that I left
out which was like a month time I hadn't
played with this so I just added some
lotion and I got over in the slime so
then I had to reactivate it but then it
became so fluffy and had such a nice
texture and it was just the most
gorgeous butter slime I have ever felt
in my life and it created such nice
smells next up we have rainbow dippin
dots and you might be like why is that
only half of the slime in the container
why is it not more full and this is
because it inflates so much that when I
was reactivating it I actually had to
take half of the slime out because it
would not fit so this is a really really
nice slime and as you can see it becomes
so much bigger and more fluffy the more
you play with it it has such a nice
texture it had loads of foam balls in it
and I just I really loved it last but
not least we have Surf's Up and this was
$4 for four ounces as you can see it's
so clear it did come with a few glitters
just kind of bubbling around in there
but I didn't mind and it was super thick
the extra scent were amazing she sent me
a day so clay and I was like ah this is
amazing and she was this sense a little
toys and sweets and the sweets I ate
off-camera so I apologize and she sent
some flavors and a little thank-you note
so thank you so much Gabby next up we
had the slimy box from satisfying store
Co and I was so impressed by this this
month's theme was candy that and the
first time I wanted to try it was the
clear one because I had this sitting
around for a month and this had not
melted at all it was kind of like a
posse instead of a clear slime and it
wasn't scented but it came with really
really cool charms it was like a little
marshmallow charms and M&M charms and I
just loved the texture and I loved how
clear it was this one was my favorite
one he sent and this is strawberry Laffy
Taffy as you can see it is so thick in
England we have a sweet cool strawberry
refresher and the scent is just like
that it's kind of like a sherbet
strawberry said and the slime is so
glossy and so thick and I just love it
it's such a good slime
lastly in the box I received marshmallow
twist which smart just like frosting it
smelt like a really nice buttercream
frosting and it had such a creamy soft
fluffy texture for extras I got T little
sherbet sticks a big baggy of borax with
really good instructions stuck on the
front of them and also really cool
sticker with how to care for your slime
which is a really unique thing that I've
never seen in any slime package before
and the extras are so cute I really
wanted one of these things I see loads
of phone cases with them I just thought
it was awesome next up we have the
popcorn trio from my happy hobby slides
and these were centered just like the
popcorn they're named after so we have a
buttered popcorn one a cranberry popcorn
and also caramel which is my personal
favorite and these came with different
size flowing ball beads this one had
small microbeads it also slightly bigger
ones and the slime underneath was super
glossy she also included this pink sugar
crush slime which isn't part of the trio
but has such a unique texture I think
it's what people would called an icy
slime now and it's created with white
glue and it smells really fresh I was a
little disappointed at first with this
slime because it's described as a
crunchy slime and it had no crunch
whatsoever it was a really nice glossy
slime and it's not a lot like
strawberries this is probably my joint
favorite that she sent me and this is
buttered popcorn and this is created
with a clear base and it's also really
really flowy and crunchy as you can see
here it has so many microbeads in it and
it's just so so nice to play with one of
the beads fall out either and I didn't
need to activate this asshole and it was
sitting around my house for a month
she very kindly sent me a dice Oh clay
and also sent me some hi cheese which
I'd never tried before but I always see
that American slime is talking about a
slime cast she is the best line cast she
I've ever seen and it was so detailed
and showed you how to fix so many
problems she also sent a little baggie
of borax and a little thank-you note
thank you so much for watching this
video I really hope that you enjoyed it
and if you did don't forget to give it a
thumbs up and also subscribe and I'll
see you next week
