hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
reviewing some famous UK slime shops and
to start up with we have red apple slice
I was really impressed by all of her
packaging they all had logos on and they
were screwtops
first up we have black tarry mallow and
this has a really nice artificial cherry
scent it's so so creamy it's a clay
slime but it's really thick in the base
that you can tell like the slime that
was added to the clay was really really
nice and it's made it really really
clicky as well as super smooth and as
you can see here it's super glossy as
well the next one was probably my
favorite one she sent me and this is
Oreo buttercream crunch and as you can
see here the slime has a really nice
frosting texture and then inside the
slime we have a clay Oreo ornament the
slime itself is literally the smoothest
thing it's not just like Oreos and it
has little chunky Oreo clay pieces in it
next up we have golden rush and this is
a really nice clear slime with some gold
leaf pieces in it as you can see here
the gold leaf pieces are kind of chunky
but when you mix up it does break up but
this is completely normal
the slime isn't completely clear because
she's scented a it has a really sweet
Sun I don't know what the exact centers
but when it's mixed up it looks like
this and it's really fun to play with
the next time is cool myrrh moto and I
also you love all the names of her
slimes it's so cute this slime has a
really fresh scent and it's super fluffy
and clay based it comes with a little
charm II ha and if you look closely you
can see the heart has mermaid scales on
it this one is definitely the most
unique slime she sent me and it has a
coffee gradient so it has a really dark
bottom and then the like top like a
latte as you can see here and when I
mixed up it turn into a really nice
coffee color but then the next day it
actually went back to the original
setting so light on the top and dark on
the bottom and I don't know how she
achieved this but it's so so cool as you
can see it comes with a Starbucks charm
and it's made out of days Oakley I think
it's really really soft and really
creamy the sly slash just like a coffee
and I just thought it was such a cute
touch how she had the Starbucks logo on
the top of the slime
in all our packages she includes this
little business card and also a little
baggie of borax she very kindly sent me
some days Oakley and some foaming face
wash as well also a little spreadsheet
just telling me what she sent next up we
have slime studios and again they have
amazing packaging this one's a circular
cylinder with a screw top and they also
have their logo on the top of every
package
this one's called mermaid scales and
it's a really nice color shifting
turquoise color it's a clear base slime
and it has a really nice marzipan scent
to it
the next line was definitely my favorite
one its Waterman butter and this is made
with days okay and it's so so creamy so
thick and it has such a gorgeous scent
to it the scent is really strong so if
you don't like strong senses probably
one to avoid but personally I love the
Sun next up we have PI up with slush and
I was so impressed by all of this sense
this vaults so good it's not like a
royal pineapple not that horrible
artificial pineapple scent and this was
so crunchy it came with a little charm
as well as you're clear slime in this
slime was so so clear and none of the
beads fell out even though I kind of
over activated it which I was so
impressed with another pineapple sign he
sent me was pineapple ice and I love
this it kind of reminds me of a
pineapple slushy and it's so so crunchy
this one's pineapple scented to you
in all of his packages only includes a
little slime care card and a little
borax baggie as well and he included so
many sweets and I basically ate all of
them before the video and then this one
is squishy which he sells actually and
it's really soft and super slow rising
and he sent me one of those famous
Instagram slime parties that I always
see two more squishies a days Oh clay
and a little scented candle from Bath &
Body Works which smells so good so thank
you so much Holly also around all the
packaging he had this really nice
iridescent stuffing which is just so
pretty
last but not least we have slime glasses
and I ask that you love their Instagram
accounts too couldn't wait to review
their slime the first one is called
peach milk and this is a super glossy
peach scented slimes really soft and
it's really really throw key so every
time you poke it it has a really nice
poke this one is my favorite one they
sent me and it's called mint Mickey chip
phloem and has this one Mickey kind of
ELISA pieces they're black Lissa and you
can see it more on the bottom but it
smells just like a chocolate chip
chocolate mint chip actually ice cream
and it smells so so good it looks just
like it in color it's green and it has
so many flowing beads in it and
absolutely none of them fall out even
when I slightly over activated it
because I do like testing it and it's
just so so nice to play with then we
have strawberry coconut cake pop but I
couldn't really smell the coconut in it
but I could definitely smell the
strawberry and it smelt really nice
this isn't crunchy a tool it has a
really really nice glossy base though
and it's super thick and I really like
the texture foam bees just add a little
something to it and I love the colors of
them as well last but not least we have
oreo cheesecake flavor and this kind of
smells like a chocolate he sent to me
more than Oreos but I do kind of smell
Oreo in there so it's more like a
chocolate Oreo I guess this is quite
crunchy and it's really nice white glue
base phloem and it's just quite basic
it's nice I really like it
they include a little borax baggie and
also directions on how to use it and
they also included so many extras they
included some squishies which they don't
sell they just sent to me a little
and also a little squish toy that was
like a carrot filled with I think
cornstarch so you could mold it into
different shapes and it was just so fun
to play with they also included a ton of
American sweet which was so fun to try
out and they were so generous and sent a
bunch of slime supplies like foam beads
some slushy beads as well and also some
little accessories for slime like some
little charms and also some glitters so
thank you so much for that Oscar I
really hope that you guys enjoyed this
video and if you did don't forget to
give it a thumbs up and also subscribe
and I will see you next week
