hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
doing a hundred percent honest review of
famous slime shops and doing basically a
slime package review and I really hope
that you enjoy it
so first up we have glitter slime
strawberry cream cheese and I don't
think this is one of the slides that she
restocked every week so I decided to
pick up an eight ounce belly box of this
and it came properly sealed like
something he'd buy in his shop and this
made sure there were no leaks with my
packaging slime itself was perfect it
was so so thick and I think it's made up
of a mix of days of clay and also model
magic and it's just so buttery so so
thick and so fun to play with and it's
most just like strawberry laces I had a
little gap in my box so I decided to
weigh the slime and actually weighed six
point five ounces instead of the paint
ounces I thought I bought by ear mode
Nicola and she basically says she weighs
her slimes and then if it doesn't fit in
the box she takes them out so I think
that's what happened here next up we
have our green apple Laffy Taffy slime
and this is my absolute favorite out of
all the slimes I bought from her it
smells so good it has a really strong
apple scent that you can smell as soon
as you open the screw top container
slime itself doesn't have a particularly
strong thwok but it's so so glossy as
you can see here and it's just so fun to
play with and has such a unique texture
Nicolette bought some clear slimes and
mixed them into a slime smoothie and
then made it her own by adding some
glitters and scents and the scent was so
nice it was super sweet and as you can
see here the glitters of gorgeous and a
slime itself was kind of like a at
first until you took it out and then it
was more like a slime I love to text you
an idea behind this time but for some
reason the slime left a really watery
residue on my hands and it wasn't that
there was a water layer on top or
anything like that I think it could be
because different blues and ingredients
we use but yeah it was a bit gross the
slimes traveled internationally for
three weeks and literally didn't need
any activator whatsoever apart from the
Laffy Taffy and they came in this hollow
mailer which I loved and it came with
these extras and resorts and my new
favourite sweets they taste so good it
was to care with borax a little squishy
and also some slime instruction I had a
really positive experience buying from
her shop nothing leaked whatsoever and
it traveled really well internationally
and all her personal slimes were amazing
next up we have a package from the slime
hive and this was sent to me free of
charge but all of my opinions are my own
and it won't influence it at all so this
one is my favorite one that she sent
it's a peanut butter one and it smells
so so good it smells just like peanut
butter and it's so so buttery I think it
is kind of like a bus of slime and it's
made with days Oh clay as you can see
here it just falls so smoothly and it's
just so so thick the container fit so
much slime and I have this with
chocolate pieces in it it's fake
chocolate so don't worry but it was such
a nice touch all of her packaging had
her slime hive little logo on it and
this one was a screw top container
because it was a four ounce and this
slime I have wanted for so long I've
seen on Instagram everywhere and it's
cosmic brownie it smells just like a
brownie mix and it makes you so hungry
when you're playing with it it's also
super thick I think as a clay base lime
so it literally looks like a brownie
batter and it's just so tempting to eat
and you have to remember it's lime and
that chemicals and you can't eat it and
it's really sad all of her slides are
really unique so when I got this one I
was really surprised because it just
seemed like a basic slime but I was so
wrong this is the clicky slime I have
ever played with in my life and it's so
glossy and fun and oh my god I love it
all of us liars are packaged in bubble
wrap and paper wrapping but I was a bit
too impatient with the other ones so I
got this one as an example but
everything was filled right at the top
as you can see here and nothing leat
whatsoever none of them needed borax
apart from the really clicky one I
showed you before in her extras bag
Amanda included this is a squishy and I
thought it went so well with his slime
so I just put it in and it's exactly the
same color and it's just so so cute I
really like the contrast of including
these slimes in this package because the
other ones were super sweet but this one
has a really fresh scent and as you can
see here the slime is so so fluffy in
her extras bag she get two sweets two
toys a borax baggie and a slime can note
that she signs herself overall I was so
impressed by all of her slimes I know
that she sent this to me for free so it
may sound like I'm just saying this but
honestly it's the best line package I've
ever received
I really enjoyed every single one and it
isn't anything I can fault with it
last but not least we have snoop slaves
and this is her classic Barbie slime
that I have wanted for so long after
seeing her videos and it's a classic
pink with a gold undertone and this is a
clear base lime I really really wanted
to buy some clear base limes and I knew
that she was the person to buy from and
look at how pretty it was I did need to
activate it a bit so I did that before
the video but everything was just like I
expected this one was a little thinner
than I expected I did expect it to be
bit thick but it was still really pretty
and it was really fun to play with
none of the slimes I bought from her was
scented but there's absolutely
understandable because if you sent clear
slams it goes cloudy
the next slime is my favorite slime that
I bought from her and it's this fishbowl
slime and it's the clearest slime I've
ever seen ever and the texture is so so
thick obviously it contains lots of
beads and none of them fell out for me
the packaging doesn't have a sticker on
the top which makes my only criticism
about the packaging everything else was
great there was absolutely no leaks
I can't exaggerate how clear this slime
was even when I took it out the
container after playing with it in this
clip it wasn't cloudy in the slightest I
don't know what she does because it's so
so thick as she can see here as well and
it's such a crunchy slime that I
absolutely loved
I really recommend buying this one if
you want to buy from her in her slime
cat bag she has a borax she has her
little card and she has a slime cast
sheet she also included a little
umbrella but there weren't any sweets or
any extras and I don't expect that in
packages but if you do then that's
something to consider this was the only
package I didn't have to pay any customs
on for the glitter sized package I had
to pay 18 pounds to receive it on top of
packaging and also for amanda's I had to
pay 17 pounds but this one was
absolutely free if you're from the UK
like me snoops eyes is definitely the
person to buy from because it's the
cheapest and it arrives so quickly
overall I had a really good experience
buying from her and I thought all of her
slimes were great
thank you so much for watching this
video I really hope that you enjoyed it
and if you did don't forget to give it a
thumbs up and I'll see you next week
