hi guys after I found my last video I've
got so many requests to do more hallo
videos and also mix all of my slimes
from my previous video into one big
slime smoothie just to see what came out
and this was the top layer and made sure
was really colorful and pretty and then
on the bottom layer I did add a gray
layer so it came out being a gunmetal
color but the hollow was real so I
started off by adding my darkest colors
because this is why the hollow flecks
show the most and it's really annoying
because you have to shown your light to
get the hollow flecks so for smaller
slimes like this it isn't always easy
unless they're kind of like spalling but
I added all my grades and then I decided
to start adding all my colors and making
it really pretty on my last video I've
got so many questions asking where I got
my hollow powder from and it's just off
Amazon I just searched hollow powder and
I think it's normally used for nail art
or it's like a superfine pigment it's
something like that but it isn't glitter
it's like a powder
and by the end result will be lesser
this kind of I guess is a purpley brown
color it kind of looks gray in some
lives but yeah kind of color shifts that
it's so so pretty I'm going to leave
some hollow clips at the end because you
guys seem to love it and I really hope
you enjoyed this video and don't forget
to give it a thumbs up at will so
subscribe and leave comments with what
you want to see in the future and I will
see you next week
