hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
showing you my hallo slime collection
and this has been so requested because
you guys love hallo don't forget to give
this video a thumbs up and also
subscribe if you do like it and I've
also done hallo nails just to make
everything super hallo we're going to
start off with a classic and this is
classic hollow true and this doesn't
have many hollow flakes in it it's only
a really kind of sparse one it kind of
looks like silver glitter under some
lighting which is why I've got screen
really blurry if you're wondering and
although there's no sound clips I'm
afraid because the glue I use melted and
it's kind of sticky but this actually
worked out for the best because you
can't see Hollow unless it's in certain
lighting and the stickiness made the
holosuites move I love the next slide
just because it shows the whole like so
clearly when the slime falls and this
has been night hollow and it's just a
normal black slime with loads and loads
of hollow pigment in it and for some
reason hollow just shows up better on
darker colors so if you're wanting a
really whole thing you don't have much
hollow pigment definitely die your slime
a dark color the next one is a really
nice one and this reminded me of Ariel
from Little Mermaid so I decided to call
it clear waters and it's just like an
ocean blue but like a really really nice
ocean then I have Prince of slumber
which is kind of like a lile icky pink
and all my goodness it looks so nice
when it falls I literally love it and
then dragonfruit dreams is just a bit of
a more ready pink color of that and then
we've got very birth which is like the
darkest of the dark purples and it's
just so so annoying and this is just a
really sparse one again I didn't add
much holo pigment just because I love
the actual color of this flame and I
didn't want to make a tall grosser but
it has a really nice touch and as you
can see under the lighting like your
iphone light it turns slowly shimmery
it's slow so pretty then we have this
really cool tango fan going on and it
had a most hallow street down the middle
because they let the slime sit and yeah
it's just really pretty and super
shimmery and then we have ultra holo and
this was like a whole bag of polo added
into a square phone so it looks like a
glittery slime when it's not in the low
but is so so hollow and it's an 8 ounce
one that I've just made and yes it's
just amazing hollow tip if you want your
hollow flakes to show they have to be
moving so make a really sticky slime and
just let it fall like this and they will
show so so easily then we have under the
seed this is kind of like the little
mermaid one I guess but it's more like a
turquoise color and this one's called
sweet dreams
have quite a lot HoloNet but it's still
so subtle and it's just such a nice
little cute color and then put of gold
oh my goodness this is one of my
favorites it's just so so hollow and the
color of the slime itself was really
interesting I think I mix orange and
yellow together to get this color and
somehow it came out gold so this is a
really good result and I was so happy
with it and I love how much holo stayed
in this slow and sunk to the bottom as
well it was just amazing and then Cheeto
red is obviously based off Cheetos the
fiery ones and it's just Hollow and then
last but not least we have pretty and
pink and this is a really nice pink
color it looks kind of low look but it's
definitely pink real life and this is a
super super holo one I really hope that
you enjoyed this video and if you did
please don't forget to give this video a
thumbs up and also subscribe to me and I
will see you next week
