hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
testing out some mobile ax loan recipes
and I'm really hope that you enjoy it so
many of you guys requested o test the
first recipe and this including white
glue and some sugar I thought this is
such a weird method I thought it was one
of the ones where people going to make a
slime off-camera and say the method
works but it actually did work you're
going to need a lot of sugar for this
though I found I needed about four cups
of sugar before I noticed any difference
in the glue but eventually it does
become really thick and kind of like a
slime it doesn't feel like a white glue
so it feels like a clear base time
that's kind of jiggly and it just has a
really weird texture you're just going
to need to keep adding sugar and
basically stirring it because the sugars
the activator and it is kind of sticky
in that it's not fully activated but it
isn't sticky and sugary sticky method to
is my favorite no 4ax no blue slime
recipe that I've tested ever and for
this we're going to need model magic as
our base and I notice is normally used
for butterflies but some people have
recommended adding just loads of lotion
to this to make it softer
I found that lotion alone didn't work
great when I tested off camera so I
decided to add some foaming hand wash
and oil in there as well and this is
baby or not cooking oil and it made it
so so soft and have a really creamy
consistency and it was just like a slime
I found it quite hard to massage in at
first so I do recommend just kind of
pulling it apart and massaging it in
that way and then it becomes super soft
and you can go ahead and add some
coloring I decided to add some washable
paint and make a really nice blue color
and it looks just like a butter slime
you can also mix this into normal sign
to change it into kind of a clay texture
or you can add a tiny bit and make it
into a butterfly so it's super super
creamy last but not least we have a
method I've been really nervous to test
out and this is using either glue for
this we're going to need a tub of cold
water and we just want to pour the glue
directly into it I let it sit for about
30 seconds and then I started playing
with it with my fingers and I was so
scared it was going to superglue my
fingers together but weirdly enough it
kind of lost all of its stick and it
does stick to my nail polish and kind of
get that off I think the product might
contain acetone which is used in nail
polish remover because it had a really
strong nail polish remover Sun and it
did take off my nail polish you just
want to keep playing with it in the
water and then taking it out playing
with in your hands and it gets a lot
less sticky and it's really fun to play
with
and I decided to add some foam beads
just to make mine a bit cuter and it
looks so fun and it kept it really well
because I found that I kept
I'm really sticky even when I got in the
water loads like it just stays sticky so
I recommend adding things to it like
slow thank you so much for watching this
video I really hope that you enjoyed it
and if you have any suggestions for
future videos feel free to leave them in
the comments because I literally read
every single one and I'd love to hear
your suggestions so thank you so much
for watching this video and don't forget
to give this video a thumbs up
