hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
adding too much of everything into Slom
and I really hope that you enjoy it
first up we're gonna be adding too much
old slime into new slime and this is one
of my favorite slime experiments I've
ever done it was super cool to add it in
because it looks so pretty when it was
being poured but because it was so
pretty
I completely forgot it was going to be
completely liquid and really sticky on
my hands so I brought this out onto the
table to make it easier to mix and to my
surprise actually made it so much less
sticky it was kind of like the stage
before the slides fully activated where
it's pulling away from the sides of the
bowl and it only needs a tiny bit more
activator and when I added it in it
looked like the perfect new slime but I
found that three days later it melted
down it's in complete liquid so I really
don't recommend this method next up
we're gonna be adding too much butter
slime and this is so fun for me because
I use a ton of clays I used I zone model
magic and it wasn't crazier and I was
really curious to see what texture this
would give
when I saw the next one suggested in my
comment section I was like this is never
gonna work people said that if you add
toilet paper into slime it will become a
butter slime so I had to test this out I
was really curious and as you can see I
spiced up the toilet paper into two
sections just so it makes it easier and
not become lumpy and at first to my
surprise this actually kind of melted
into the slime and didn't change the
texture too much so I added in 20 more
layers and this became so creamy and
just like a butter slam I was so
impressed and it was so Sicily as well
one of my favorite things to do is add
bath and body products into slime just
because it gives a really unique texture
all of the time or it can end up being a
disaster but for body scrub I knew this
would become a really thick mixture as
you can see it was very tough to mix in
but weirdly enough when I started adding
my activator this kind of like
deactivated it kind of didn't froth up
but the slime melted it was really weird
so I decided to add more glue just to
try and save it and get an actual slime
so I could show you the texture and
access it did come across like it was
walking it was pulling together really
nicely and then it just kept melting so
I decided to look at the ingredients for
the scrub and it contains sugar which
melts slime down so I decided to move on
to my next method which is adding too
much clay into water slime and they
started off with some clear science of
hot water and then activating it then I
decided to go in with some color and I
added pigment from cosmic clothes and
this is beautiful it's actually super
powerful in real life I don't know why
it comes off as this color on camera and
then when I added my daizo cubes it was
really interesting for me because this
split underwater so there must be loads
of pressure at the bottom of the bowl
causing the dizer cubes to do this and
wife I'm really interesting was all the
cues which is rise to the top so you
didn't really get to mix in because
every time he tried to push down it
would just rise again so I added more
clay hoping that it will kind of just
build up and you could mix it in but
really this just were in the prettiest
flame ever it just became a clay
Mountain and did not mix asshole
something I've wanted to try for the
longest time is adding too much soap
cards into slime and so cause of the
crunchiest things they sound so good on
Instagram and I just thought they would
give the slime a really interesting
crunchy texture
I find the long soap so much easy as a
car because they did it kind of
themselves instead of you having to
manual call them and then I started to
collect them and put them in the freezer
because they weren't that tough and I
wanted a good crunch
but this didn't work either as you can
see they were natural soaps I think this
is the problem because they don't have
like store-bought preservatives in them
but this did not crunch at all they
stayed as curls and they kind of just
stayed in the slime it made this time so
tough and the slime wasn't tough at all
before it was actually really sticky so
I was just really confused as to how
this happened but as you can see this
just did not work at all
after the soaked cars were an epic fail
I decided to try this again because one
of the most important ingredients off
soap is glycerin which is very commonly
used in Slone sometimes to deactivate
science with different formulas and
sometimes to activate them more just to
make them a bit thicker so I was really
curious to see what pure soap would do
in a slime mixture now as you can see it
was pulling together quite nicely it did
take a lot more activator than I was
expecting to use but when I did finally
pull it together it kind of came out
like a jiggly slime which I really
wasn't expecting I was expecting it to
either be melted or really thick but it
was neither and I found when I was
needing it it was pulling out kind of
like a tuff over-activated slime but
then when you were touching it it was
like a jiggly slime that could do with
more activators so this is really
confusing but really cool and it also
smelt gorgeous
if you've watched my videos for a while
now you know I do a lot of the adding
too much series and I really enjoyed
doing it but I've never added too much
of everything apart from glue so this is
what I decided to do today I added the
most popular slime ingredients and also
the accessories the Java chips phloem
beads marshmallow beads and it was some
fishbowl beast just to see what would
happen I've never added them into white
glue so I was really excited and when I
mixed up it was surprisingly thick I was
expecting it to be kind of jiggly and it
didn't turn out like that first and when
I added my activator it activated super
quickly because the shaving foam has a
lot of bicarbonate of soda and there was
a lot of that in there so when I started
to knead it it looked a bit tough at
first but when I was playing with it it
was actually super soft inflated a lot
and as you can see it was a tiny bit
loose so not Jake Lee I would say but
kind of like big Lisa like a thick
jiggly and it was really fun to play
with
one of the most requested things am i
adding too many videos is always adding
too many stickers and I was kind of like
I don't want to do this but then I
thought you know what it could be fun
and I just thought the color that kind
of run it'll become kind of gross but I
was actually really surprised because
they looked pretty cute in the slime it
didn't do much for the texture it didn't
feel particularly nice to play with but
it definitely did look quite cool the
colors didn't run a tool and it was just
yeah it was just kind of there if you
want your slime to be accessorized I
guess instead of charms you can use
stickers if you want to adding too much
lip balm is one of my most requested
slimes of all time and I haven't tried
this just because I haven't found pretty
enough lip balms but recently I found
these fizzy drinks lip balms I thought
it was so cute there's two Fanta ones a
sprite one and three coke flavors and I
thought this would just make it smell
really nice and I thought it'd be quite
easy to mix in but I was super wrong the
lip balms didn't melt really easily so
you had to squash up every individual
piece very very thoroughly this took me
about I want to say like 15-20 minutes
it was a very long time and the slime
ended up looking like a white clay slime
but it was so so quickie and I actually
really like the texture of this it was
very smooth and moisturized
one that I've wanted to try for the
longest time is adding too many jelly
cubes and I knew this would kind of
absorb all the slime but I was just
really curious to see if it would all
become super crunchy like when you have
normal jelly cubes in slime or if it
would just absorb all of the slime so I
decided to just mix up and it was
sounding so so good when I was mixing up
it was just so crunchy as you can see
they were still noises fine but some had
absorbed into the jelly cube you can
still stretch it and do all the normal
things so I was like this could possibly
work I was definitely not right though
as you can see this just completely
absorbed the slime thank you so much for
watching this video I really hope that
you enjoyed it and if you did don't
forget to give it a thumbs up and I will
see you next week
