hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
showing you how to make fluffy flan with
no shaving foam and we're going to be
showing you three recipes for the first
recipe we're going to need some PVA glue
and literally any one will work and then
to make it fluffy we're going to use
some hair mousse and I think most from
L'Oreal and it comes out like a shaving
foam but then when you push it down it's
more kind of like a foaming hand wash I
guess because there's a lot of air in
the mixture even though you're adding a
lot of product the amount is actually
being added into the glue isn't very
much a tool but this makes sure I always
find that it has a kind of like a loose
texture and I feel like it's watery so I
add so much activate it but don't worry
it's not going to tell watery you just
need to add to actively to really
gradually and I always find that it
becomes kind of hard at first and then
when I start and it becomes stringing at
the side and the moment it becomes
stringy and it becomes kind of hard for
me to bear in like it is here I keep
stirring it for five minutes and then I
just find that the mixture comes
together and I never need to add any
more activator I have a feeling that
method two is really going to surprise
you but there's only two ingredients for
this and the first one is glue and the
second one is for eggs and I know what
you're thinking this is definitely not
going to make a fluffy slime what is she
talking about but all you're going to
need to do is add some activator and
then add some coloring if you want to
the reason I add some activated before
is because my coloring always makes men
mix just go watery so if I add some
light activated before I find that the
motion stays really thick after I've
added my coloring I just go back in with
some borax and I mix it for kind of like
five minutes and if you're wondering why
I do it for so long it's because I
always find that glue by itself
activates more the more you play with it
so you don't actually need that much
borax I think I normally add eight pumps
in total but what I do is when it gets
to this really sticky stage I literally
added no more activator I just played
with it in my hands and play with it in
the bowl for 10 to 15 minutes and it
sounds like such a long time but if you
kind of leave it sticky then it stays so
soft and it's so so fluffy and fun to
play with
last but not least we have the most
popular no shaving foam fluffy slime
recipe for this we're going to need some
glue if you want some coloring the only
reason I've colored it loads of
different colors so I could tell the
different ones that I was showing it in
the clips we're going to use foaming
hand wash for this one to make it fluffy
and I love watching this mix them
because you can literally see it
becoming fluffy before your eyes and
I've got really impatient and added all
my activator in one go and it actually
didn't ruin it thank God it became
really stringy like this and when it
becomes stringy you know you can say
that and just play with it in your hands
and it becomes so smooth literally this
is the smoothest recipe ever it wasn't
the fluffiest one I think the fluffiest
recipe was probably the mousse but this
was still super fluffy and fun to play
with thank you so much for watching this
video I really hope that you enjoyed it
and if you did don't forget to give it a
thumbs up and I'll see you next week
