hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
showing you how to make a crunchy
dried-up flim-flam and I really hope
that you enjoy it the first thing we're
going to need is some white group and I
recommend using a lot because the 50
your base is small crunch your flow will
have so I used about a liter and a half
and after I pull all of that in I went
ahead and grabbed some corn stock it's
all star just what adds a really nice
crunchy layer on the top once you leave
out so I recommend using a lot of this I
started off by using one tub and I
started this all in with my glue and I
found that it wasn't as thick as I
wanted it to be so I added about a
quarter of a cup more just to make it a
little more thick if you add too much
cornstarch and it becomes kind of dough
like I recommend using a foaming hand
wash and this will just help to loosen
and mix up then to make the slime more
fluffy I use two and a half cups of
shaving foam and this just Volks up some
mixture as well so your slime becomes a
lot bigger whenever you make giant signs
where do you recommend using a lot of
shaving foam because shaving foam for
some reason makes the slime activate a
lot faster and with giant phones like
this it does become so hard to stir so
it just makes it a lot easier to mix in
after you startling you must go ahead
and choose your color
I tried to dye this red and I didn't
think that red and white would rip
together in form pink but it formed a
really nice coral color and once I got
it to an even color I just went ahead
and grabbed my activator and this did
take a while to stir and even though I
did out a lot of shaving foam when it
starts pulling together and it's still
really sticky you want to start adding
your throwing beads or your slushy beads
I started adding some slushy beads first
and then I started adding some Slone be
softer and more beads that you add to
this line the less sticky the slime will
become so you want to make sure that
your slime is quite horrible but it's
still very very sticky when it's in your
hands because this way you can add a lot
of beads then it'll become super crunchy
after you've make for your beads then
you want to leave this mixture out for
three to four days you can check when
it's ready by just tapping at the top
and seeing whether it's hard and when
it's done it creates the nicer sounds
ever
