hi guys today's video is going to be a
draw my life video and this is very
different from the stuff I usually do so
do let me know in the comments if you
like it and please excuse my awful
drawings I was born on the 14th of
October 1995 and my mother actually went
into labor on Friday the 13th and
everyone freaked out but luckily I came
a little after midnight on the 14th so
luckily I wasn't cursed alive for all my
childhood I was such a mysterious child
and one of my favorite stories is when
my dad Frank came over and asked can I
read your book and I let him know that
he couldn't but I found him reading it
in the garden anyway so I went and got
the gardening hose and sprayed him until
he put it down after stop school I
really enjoyed studying but as time went
on I just developed the love of music
and drama and lots of other things and I
wanted to focus a bit more on that than
academic studies and I come from a very
academic family so they didn't really
understand this at first which I found
really hard school life was also a bit
of a struggle for me because I didn't
always feel like people wanted me around
so it became quite offensive of myself
which made it hard for me to make
friends as I got older this wasn't as
much of a problem as everyone had
matured and become a lot less Kassie and
by the time I left school I actually
made some lifelong friends after leaving
school all of my friends went off to
university and I actually chose not to
though I'm really really happy I made
that decision now at the time I was
really quite down because I felt like
everyone else had their future sorted
out and mine was a bit uncertain I
decided to keep myself really busy to
avoid feeling like I was doing nothing
and I took up lots of different jobs
like waitressing and hostessing and I
actually got an acting agent too but I
still had a lot of time on my hands so
when I turn 19 I asked my dad for a
camera for my birthday and a week later
I started my youtube channel my first
videos was super super cringy but I
loved making them and I loved watching
them back now I just see how far I've
actually come within a couple of months
one of my videos gained over 1 million
views and this allowed me to start
making money from YouTube and I actually
start to look at it as a job instead of
my hobby and this completely changed my
content for the worse and I started
posting what I thought people would want
to see instead of what I actually loved
filming so I decided to take his break
and I went back to square one I started
beforee anxious about when my future was
going or struggling to sleep and I just
happened to be scrolling through
Instagram okay
across my first slime video and I felt
calm almost instantly which I found slow
weird so I discovered the ASMR response
when I was googling why this was
happening and I wanted to save all the
videos that were helping me and put them
into one place so I decided to start a
repost account on Instagram and on my
first day I gained over 5,000 followers
it really surprised me when I checked my
messages and all of the people were just
saying thank you to me and saying I was
helping them severe anxiety - and then
seven months later I actually had
850,000 followers which was just
mind-blowing A's after I hit 850,000
followers I got a notification from
Instagram saying I'd been logged out for
my account instantly I thought I'd been
hacked but when I emailed Instagram they
told me they deleted my account and when
I asked why they never told me ever
since if ik freezing which I found so
obsessing
instead of saying sad I decided to put
all of my energy into restarting my
YouTube and I found something I loved
and I really started to enjoy filming
which made uploading videos something I
really looked forward to and this
basically brings me to now completely
loving my job and everyone who supports
me and I'm so overwhelmed with the
support from my internet family and more
inspired than ever my plan for the next
year is to carry on posting content I
love on my channel and maybe just start
a vlog channel as well so you guys can
get to know me a bit better thank you
all for helping me get to the stage in
my life and I couldn't be happier and
it's all because of you guys see you
next week and I really hope that you
enjoyed this video
