hi guys today's video is going to be on
some no clean oh boy it's clear spy
recipes and I really hope that you find
them helpful so for the first recipe
we're going to need to peel off face
masks and we're also gonna need a clear
shampoo I mean once I make sure to be
half of the shampoo and half of the face
mask so what I did was just empty out
half of the bottle and fill that with
face mask and then shake it all up in
this method our activator is going to be
an eye drop containing boric acid and
we're also gonna need a pinch of baking
soda you want the service really
thoroughly because this activates really
gradually so I find that if you add any
more then it can go very hard and it
kind of doesn't work so you just want to
keep stirring it and if it is sticky
after maybe 2 minutes of stirring you
can go ahead and add some more because
clear slams kind of hard and when
they're clearing up I always leave mine
a tiny bit sticky but not so sticky that
if I touch it it would stick to my hands
so what I recommend doing is just seeing
how sticky it is and if it sticks to the
bowl that's fine but as long as it's not
sticking to your hands and go ahead and
pop it into a container and then leave
it for a week to clear up and get this
really nice thick clear stage for the
second method we're gonna start off with
the same base of just a face mask but
we're gonna be using a really
interesting activator and in my opinion
this is the best activator for any clear
slime so even if you're making it with
quickly I recommend it so what you want
to do is pour out all of your face marks
and I recommend using freeman's because
own brands don't normally have a lot
this was a literally 30 face masks worth
and as you can see is a tiny tiny amount
I also colored it with some food
coloring and once I got it to a really
even color I went ahead and grout to my
activator I'm gonna be using Eric's 6
and 1 and this is so good it's usually
used as an air freshener so I recommend
opening the windows just because the
smell is quite strong and you want to
spray it for about five seconds at a
time and just keep stirring it this is a
really unusual activator and it acts in
a very different way to borax or
eyedrops or anything like that
so what I recommend doing is just
stirring it a lot because it becomes
really hard and then Ashi star it
becomes more sticky so you can tell how
much more you need for the final stage
is like always like adding some more
with my hands and then I just like to
put it into a container and leave it for
probably about five to seven days this
does clear up quite quickly because the
activator just does something magical
and it turned out so quick I cannot
exaggerate how good this is and it
smells so so lovely as well I really
hope that you enjoyed this video and if
you did don't forget to give it a thumbs
up and I'll see you next week
