hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
showing you how to make three different
types of slime
the first slime is bubbly slime the
second one is hollow slime which is my
absolute favorite and the third is mat
slime this video is sponsored by best
fiends and I've been so obsessed with
this game recently you're given missions
on each level but the main aim of the
game is to match up same color objects
and defeat the slugs then when the
levels completed you're given three keys
that unlock various prizes which you can
use to level up your characters strength
making it a lot easier to defeat the
slugs in the next level the game is free
to download and if you use my link in
the description you can get five pounds
worth of gold and diamonds for free and
starting today you can watch the slugs
train in the world premiere short boot
camp and then play the boot camp game to
win massive reward if you guys do
download this game don't forget to leave
me a comment because I want to see what
level you guys get to I currently on
level 31 and I want to see if you can
beat me the first time we're going to be
making a sublease lime and for this
we're going to need some PVA glue a tiny
bit of shaving foam a little bit of
cornstarch just to thicken up the
mixture and loads and loads of foaming
hand wash my secret ingredient that I
use in every bubbly slime I make is
Imperial lava foam bath body wash
product comes out as a gel as you can
see here when it's stirred and it
becomes so bubbly and foaming up so much
air into sand mix which means we'll get
loads of bubble it also doubles the size
of this mixture so my slime is also a
lot bigger when I use this product and
it smells so so nice after I've settled
that in I just go into my paint and
absent color to that and then we want to
activate our slime and this is a really
really tricky one to get right because
even when it's completely activated the
slime looks like it's sticky so it's
really important to go in with your
hands and just feel the texture if it
isn't sticky then you want to stop
adding your axe face it and put it into
an airtight container it's really
important put bubbly slams into an
airtight container because then all of
the bubbles are sucked to the top and it
makes it really crispy this is what the
bubbles look like after two days
next up we have hollow crunch slime
which is so so pretty
we're going to view Stars and I got
these off Amazon I think I just cool
holographic styles with decorative stars
and then I also use pigment that as you
can see here it doesn't really show up
as hollow when it's far away so I think
there's something like a silver
eyeshadow can probably be used as the
base color after you've added those two
together you want to start adding your
quickly we're mixing it all in when
you've mixed in lots of packs of glitter
and it started to fall apart you can go
ahead and activate it I like always plan
with crunchy slimes a lot better to fold
the mixture in rolls and stir it so the
glue has a chance to pull together and
after the mixture is fully activated if
you want a bit more crunch you can just
go ahead with your stars and just add a
bit more the clear glue would have made
them mixture super cloudy when you've
mixed everything in so I recommend
leaving it for two days to let it clear
up and then it becomes very pretty the
next time has been slow requested on my
channel and this is max loam father's
we're going to need some PVA glue some
shaving foam and also some cornstarch so
it's kind of like a fluffy slime recipe
instead of having equal amounts of
shaving foam and cornstarch we're going
to have loads of cornstarch and this is
going to be our masa fiying agent for
this slime if the mixture looks like a
fluffy slime after you've mixed it in
you want to go ahead and add some more
cornstarch and I do recommend doing this
gradually so we don't just end up with a
dough paste we do want it to still be a
slime texture and then once everything's
really thick we can go ahead without
activator and I didn't find that this
needed marked really felt like he was
over activated even though I knew it
wasn't so I kept playing there and after
playing with it it turned out so so nice
and it was really smooth and soft to
play with I really hope that you enjoyed
this video and if you did don't forget
to give it a thumbs up and I'll see you
next week
