hi guys today's video is on how to make
three different types of slime and the
first time is dealing with a couple of
hot things so I do recommend asking your
parents for some help we're going to be
baking candles flame so the first
ingredient is obviously a candle I
recommend getting a small one from
Yankee Candle and just popping the wick
out at the bottom after you've done that
you want to pop it in the microwave
until it melt then you want to pour in
the equal amount of glue as you have wax
into the bowl and it needs to be equal
because if it isn't then the slime can
come out feeling really oily and it's a
bit gross so to be on the safe side I do
recommend just putting a tiny bit more
glue than you have wax then we want to
go ahead and star it all in and because
the glues code of the wax isn't the wax
is going to clump up in the glue but
once it reaches the stage we want to pop
it back in the microwave for a couple of
seconds then we want to stare at all
them and leave it to sit for about 15
minutes after we've done that we want to
microwave at one last time and then
leave it sit for an hour after this hour
it normally goes really really smooth
and once it reaches this stage I like to
go with my activator I'm using borax and
water and I saw adding it really slowly
just so everything pulls together I
recommend using your hands to go in with
this because as you can see here this
line really stuck to my spatula after I
play with it for a while it became
really really smooth next up we have
crunched greatest Roman August we're
going to need a couple of things the
first thing some clear glue and if you
want this clear glue to turn gold I
recommend using a pigment I'm using the
fine glitter from Barry M and this is in
the shade gold for the crunch I just
used some different size questions the
bass guitar uses from Amazon and this is
just a basic glitter and the second one
is a manicure glitter I like to manicure
once because these are really solid ones
so they create a really nice crunch from
the glitter rubs against each other I
always find that when I first start
starting this then it's so pretty and
then at the end it is so ugly because of
all the air bubbles in the clear slime
so once it gets to this really ugly
stage you know it's ready to stir in and
I add a tiny tiny bit of activator and
keep stirring it once it's all pulled
together I just pop it into a box and
for some added crunch I go back in with
my chunky nail glitter and a delay at
the top
last but not least is glassy slam and
for this we're going to need to add some
PVA Group a bit of shaving foam just to
add some fluffiness of the foam and then
we're going to add our moisture which is
going to make the gloss I like to use
two tablespoons of lotion followed by
two tablespoons of hair conditioner and
then I add some color just to make it a
bit prettier once you start in all the
ingredients you can then go ahead with
your activator and stir it all in I find
that this gets really really sick so I
do like to add some activator and grow
my hands once it's reached this stage
and after I've activated that I just pop
it into a box and the main reason for
popping it into a box is because of all
the flat surfaces it allows all the
moisture to go to the bottom and it
becomes super glossy I recommend leaving
it overnight to get the maximum gloss
but this is what it looks like after
being left for half an hour I really
hope that you enjoyed this video and if
you did don't forget to give it a thumbs
up and also subscribe
