hi guys today's video is going to be on
how to make three different styles and
the first tutorial I'm going to be
showing you is how to make a police
phone for this we're going to need some
PVA glue some shaving foam and also some
cornstarch this mix makes a really nice
fix line but you can also use hard lines
or maybe slimes you've ever activated or
they're old they are so so good for
jelly slime but you're going to need
four batches of this or a large slime I
like to split into four pieces just
because it's easier to dissolve in the
water so I add my first batch and then I
pour about half a bowl of hot water on
top of it if you're under 18 please do
get a parent help just so there aren't
any accidents and we just want to
service in and then we can go ahead and
add our second batch when I'm adding my
second batch I like to add about 15 pots
per so'ming hand wash because I find
that this makes the mixture really
fluffy and when you're playing with it
loads of bubbles rise to the top so it
just makes it a bit more fun to play
with it's going to get more hard than
more batch as you're adding so I'd like
to add the third batch and then I add
the fourth batch really really slowly as
you can see here I'm being really slow
with it because I don't want it to mess
up and then I add loads and loads
activation and this is so essential
because if you don't then the mixture
doesn't come together I normally find
that when I add my second load of
activator everything starts falling
apart so I think that I've ruined it
really what you want to do here is make
sure that the slime is cause the tests
on the outside of the bowl and then if
it is then you can go in with your hands
and start mixing in activator that way
everything will then come together and
it will be a really nice jacory foam as
you can see here to make my marble slime
I use in slime I have leftovers from my
jiggly slime tutorial and I split it
into four small boxes after I did that I
started dyeing them with some paint I
don't use acrylic paints I use washables
and I use pink blue green and yellow
after I've mixed all the colors in I
just lay them out next to each other at
equal lengths and then I grab either end
of them all together and I swirl them
for about four swirls you don't want to
do it for any more otherwise the colors
will mold together and you want them to
save that proof after I did that I put
it in the container I left out for an
hour and then it turned this really nice
marbled effect and it was slow so pretty
last but not least we have my favorite
recipe of all time and it's hard to make
soft-serve slime or this we're going to
need some PVA glue a quarter cup of
cornstarch a quarter cup of baby powder
two tablespoons of baby oil three
the facial cleanser I use the clean and
clear one and then Lowe's a loser
foaming hand wash I think I used about
ten pumps and this just makes it really
nice and thick as you can see here it
became a really nice thick paste and
once you get to the stage from diet if
you want I choose the diet purple or you
can leave it white and it turns so so
hard when you're trying to activate it
so it's really really tough and you do
want to just keep asset and when it gets
too tough to kind of start to pick up
and knead it until I get to the final
stage which is this I really hope that
you enjoyed this video and if you did
don't forget to give it a thumbs up and
also subscribe see you next week
