hi guys today's video is going to do an
how to make slime with household items
and I really hope that you find it
helpful for the first method we're going
to need a big bottle of Eric and I
recommend the lavender one because I
know this one works I don't think the
other two you're going to need to pour
grew out into a ball and I recommend
using curry agree because this works so
well with this method then you want to
go ahead with your mist and spray it on
the top of your roof for about six
seconds constantly holding down if you
get a really thick layer of liquid on
top of your glue then you want to stir
and I know it looks like it's lumpy and
I've ruined the slime already but if you
carry on stirring it all the stickiness
actually comes out and it starts
behaving like a slime it just looks good
at first when you add it so I kept
stirring it and as you can see here it
looks like it was pulling together so I
picked up and it was actually super
super sticky so I have to put it back
down and I just want to have I repeated
the previous step and out of some mist
and then stirred it again and again this
looks slow slow weird when I was
throwing in it kind of fell apart but as
soon as I picked it up it turned into
such a gorgeous texture with so so
stretchy and it was just so fun to play
with so I decided to test this out on
white glue as well because I never
really see it tested out and white glue
I always see it on clear so again I just
went in with my mess and sprayed it on
the top for about six seconds and
stirred it in again this went a bit
lumpy but it was an over activated kind
of lumpy instead of the previous one
where it kind of fixed itself so I went
ahead and added some paint just to get
it a bit more moist and helped rescue it
and then I went back in with my our work
and sprayed it on the top for about
three seconds just so it wouldn't go
lumpy and hard because this for some
reason just acts in a different way to
the clear group so after I started for a
while it got through a really nice
texture and as you can see it turns slow
glossy and it was just so stretchy and
probably my favorite slime I've ever
made the next method I'm going to be
using is the Burt's Bees radiance body
lotion as an activator and if you're
wondering why a lotion can be used as an
activator this actually contains borax
following me enough so you want to pour
some glue into a bowl and add about a
tablespoon and a half of the lotion and
a tablespoon of baking soda so it's kind
of like the contact lens solution mix
and this just pulls everything together
and I don't know if you can see here but
my table actually started shaking
because this mixture was so so thick at
the whole answer with my hand and I try
to add some paint just to kind of make
it a bit
the distant even work because you have
to add more lotion to kind of activate
it more and it was just becoming so so
hard to serve I just went in with my
hands and started adding the lotion like
that and meeting it in because it was a
lot easier but it was such a nice unique
texture it was so state can really
really glossy as well and it was so so
stretchy because of all the lotion we
were adding into it but it wasn't as
nice as our work one so I try to mix
them together and as you can see it made
a really pretty color but it was such
such a fail I left it for about an hour
to take some clips of the other ones and
as you can see it's not of breaking so
yeah I really hope that you enjoyed this
video and if you did don't forget to
give a thumbs up and subscribe
