ah that looks so pretty oh my flies I
made it blow on it
humming this to play a game this is
going to be green I can breathe I don't
know so I smell it my not to sweat it
yeah I don't know why I'm not using my
spatula I can feel my arms are like
covered in glue as well americium
singing acting is a biggie no this is
not so right like my feel your feel like
mine does not feel like that if you
don't go I are you gonna add my gonna
I'm gonna head home
this is I can't find your clue I got it
oh no those a lot of blue five pieces of
foam on the table this feels pretty
stretchy get it going here's mine so
much all right you can do it little
sheep okay I think we're getting
somewhere
oh yeah I'm I'm kind of coming together
it's like massively stretching but it's
quite stretchy I'm guessing my color we
have four colors for the table i toted
like primary colors we've got a blue of
green or yellow red I'm going to guess
that these are blue and red and I think
the paint's are open no I'm not over I
hired a glue I'm trusting up how did you
use past your openness well I took the
lid off and then I felt like there was
it better than I said after I'm it's
hoping it's the blue I'm very hoping my
client couple you slowly it's going to
be better
can we please remember that this is how
many community out in a second time I
attitude I always titi okay
should we take a whole Bible 3c one
green I'm typing example I can I can
hack this this is pretty
pump it up my arm so I'm quite happy
with this hey Micah yours is so stretchy
I actually not too bad like I'm quite
happy with it I think I'm finally in so
strategy I'm going to try and like
stretch out motion I can do anything
oh my flies I made it blow on it thank
you so much for watching this video I
really hope that you enjoyed it and if
you did don't forget to give it a thumbs
up and also subscribe to my channel
thanks for watching bye oh look at that
is my profession a naughty way still in
the shop of it so look everywhere it's
so fast like what put you on something
so big like it it's like an all blood
guy literally is like a workout okay
let's try fix another like a chef every
time I like yeah no I felt like some
parts of the video we work very happy
but we can edit so much so yeah we can
make it look like we were friends I
didn't mean that
Joshua Chicana yah hard stuff good no no
no you have always baby so my face now
hi guys
