hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
testing some really popular no clue you
know borax foams I thought this would be
a really fun video to make to see if
they actually worked or not and I really
hope that you enjoy it if you do don't
forget to give this video a thumbs up
for the fast method we're going to need
a pack of blue tack and also some lotion
we want to cut about a third of the pack
of blue tack off and then mix it in with
loads and loads of lotion all the videos
I watched said that once you got to this
page the blue tack should start becoming
really soft and stretchy and act just
like a sign I found it was really hard
to mix the moisturizer in with the blue
tack and when it did start to get
absorbed it became a really weird
texture I started to add more
moisturizer in the hope but make it a
bit softer and act like a slime but
instead it made it a lot worse and as
you can see it became really stringy and
every time I poured it at broke so then
I moved on to my next mixture containing
dish soap and salt you want to add a
thin layer of dish soap to a plate and
then add a few granules of salt to this
you don't want to add too much soap
because if you do the mixture will melt
and it won't become thick you want to
start until it becomes a thick
consistency and when it reaches the
stage you want to pop it in the freezer
for about 20 minutes according to all
the tutorials I watched once you've done
this it should become like a slime I
actually found that it froze on my plate
so I had to scrape it off with 1/4 I
then popped it in the middle and left it
for about 2 minutes to cool down but
when I play with it it just started
melting so this method really didn't
work very well for me the next recipe I
tested turned out so well and I was so
happy because of the fail slimes they
made before all you're gonna need for
this is some hair conditioner I actually
use a deep treatment hair conditioner
just because that was what I had on hand
and also some cornstarch you want to
keep mixing in cornstarch until it
becomes a really nice doughy crumbly
consistency once you get it to this
texture you want to stop playing with it
in your hands just as you work with like
a dough when you're making cookies and
you want to play with it until it
becomes a really smooth consistency and
this worked so so well it was really
really stretchy and so soft it was kind
of like a clay but more like a slime
clay and it was just so nice the next
method I tested was hand sanitizer this
time well this time it really only needs
one thing and that is hand sanitizer
you've got to pour out a whole bottle
onto a plate and then for some reason
every tutorial includes stirring it with
a chopstick this didn't really change
anything for me is
the same consistency so once I said it
for about two minutes and nothing
happened I started to spread it around
the plate because you want to freeze it
and I wanted to create an even layer so
everything got the same coverage I
popped it in the freezer for about 20
minutes and hope that something would
happen but nothing did so I did it for
another hour and the hope that something
would change absolutely nothing changed
no lumps formed it wasn't even frozen
it's the exact same consistency it was
just spread across the plate so I
couldn't use it again I really hope that
you enjoyed this video and if you did
don't forget to give it a thumbs up see
you next week
