hi guys today's video is going to be on
21 slam hacks everyone needs to know and
I really hope that you find it useful to
help get slime stains out of your car
Tech are washing up caps where you'd
normally put in your washing machine
with your clothes and disgust open and
mix it in with some hot water after
you've done that you just want to get a
face funnel or a cloth and just soak
that in the mixture really well we're
then going to apply it directly to the
scene and leave it there to soak and
then scrub it off if you want to make a
fluffy slime but you run out of shaving
foam I recommend using some hammies you
only want to use a tiny bit of this
because as you can see it expands and it
also has a very different texture from
shaving proof it does bog up and make it
fluffy but it's more like foaming hand
wash where a shaving cream is a bit more
silky and thick I really like storing my
activators in water bottles the lids
that pull up and down because then you
can control how much activates you're
adding to your mixture and you don't
pour too much in it's really important
to mark this is borax so just so you
don't drink it thinking it's water I
also like storing my activator and hand
soap pumps because this gets out even
amount each time if you run out of paint
another way you can color your slimes is
with some old powdered makeup I like to
use eyeshadow and brushes the best
because they have the nicest color
variety and here I'm just using an
eyeshadow and it gives a really nice
even color once Azul makes them a
question I always get is on how to make
glossy slime this is literally the
easiest thing to make ever you just need
some glue some hair conditioner and a
tiny bit of baby rule you want to go
ahead and mix this all in and add your
activator and the store it in a
container for one day to make it extra
glossy and this is what it comes out
looking like if you're finding your
slimes are always going hard you might
be adding a bit too much activator
instead of doing one tablespoon of
barracks to one cup I recommend half
tablespoon of borax to one cup so it's
more diluted if borax isn't available in
your country another really good
alternative is Kershaw's laundry Sarge
I use two teaspoons of this to a cup of
water and then stir it in achieve way to
get beads for foam is to get a neck
pillow containing like rubies and just
cut it open and it contains so many
beads destroy your slime you're going to
want to grab either end to the slime and
then with one hand you want to stretch
out the slime and pass it to the other
you want to do this about 20 times so
you get a nice swirl and then you want
to drop it in a circular motion to give
this really nice and slow you can also
mix colors together in this way and I
really like doing it because it gives
you a really funky
Bax when you're fixing it in and the
color at the end is so so even and
lovely instead of throwing old slammer
where you're making your slime smoothie
you can actually make jiggly slime with
it I like to add my first batch of old
slime into the bowl and then add some
foaming hand wash and some hot water on
top of that you want to keep stirring
the mixture and truly hot so any lumpy
bits of the slime anymore and that's
when you're ready to add more of the old
foam it doesn't have to be the same
batch of all time I actually prefer when
it isn't because it gives a nicer
texture once that's all mixed in you can
go ahead and add some actor feature if
your slime is sticky and then it's ready
to play with if you've made a slime with
a really nice texture but it's sticking
to your fingers a lot I recommend going
for some baby oil this will help to keep
the same texture but it will reduce the
stick if that method doesn't work you
just want to go in with a tiny bit more
activator I recommend about one pump
just to get rid of that stickiness
if you accidentally add too much
activates to your phone sometimes the
signs can become hard and break I
recommend adding a lots of moisturizer
I'm using johnson's baby ocean and their
mass life is in for about ten minutes
and my slime becomes really stretchy and
smooth a really cool way to add some
color to your slime is with a
highlighter you want to go over the
slime and stop the highlights all around
you can also cause off the mid if you're
not going to use it again and this
lights out a lot of ink you want to mix
this all in until we get a really nice
even color and you can keep adding
highlighter like they did I did actually
can use the whole highlighter and it
gave a really nice green to stop your
slime sticking to your container just
add a tiny bit of baby oil and go around
with a tissue wiping it around the side
if you want a sign that has bubbles on
the top I recommend using some foaming
hand wash if you're from England it's
actually really hard to get but you can
find it in the kids section in Tesco to
reduce the risk of bees flowing out of
your foam you want to make sure your
slime is really really sticky the
stickiness will all go because it'll be
picking up the foam beads and then it
won't stick to your hand anymore
if you want to make slime but you don't
have the ingredients I recommend mixing
dish soap and cornstarch together this
gives a really nice clay like slime and
it's so stress relieving
my favorite way to stop and have fun is
by pushing it in a ball and covering
with water ask you've done that you do
want to poke it in a bit just to the
water absorb and then you want to pop it
in the microwave for about 10 to 15
seconds once it comes out you need to
leave it - blessings because it will be
a bit hot
but it'll become so much more stretchy
and nice to play with
