hi guys today's video is going to be on
how to make slime without borax and I'm
testing a few really popular recipes so
I hope that you enjoy this video I
started off by using the most popular
recipe I found and this is a mix of
washing-up to look good and table salt I
started by adding the table salt really
gradually to the washing-up mix I found
that it really wasn't doing anything so
I kept adding more and more salt and as
you can see it didn't pull together a
tool and it was kind of just like a
washing up liquid scrub and it really
sucked so I moved on to the next recipe
which is mix of washing-up liquid and
cornflour this worked way way better I
started by adding loads and loads of
washing-up liquid because I wanted it to
be kind of big and then I added some
corn flour and started mixing it in
gradually if you have too much corn
flowers and sometimes the mix can become
too super hard and not fun to play with
so you want to start adding it more and
more gradually as it becomes thicker
when it gets to a doughy consistency
which you can no longer stir
you want to go with your hands and just
knead it in this will also help you just
decide what texture you want it and if
you want to a bit firmer do add a bit
more corn flour but I prefer mine a bit
smoother it ended up being just like
butter foam and having the nicest
texture and this is so so easy to make
and also super cheap then I went ahead
and started testing some PVA glue and
activator mixes the first activator I
used with one tablespoon of casuals
laundry starch and some water you don't
want to use the direct powder because
this won't work in the mix it needs to
be dissolved in the water then we're
just going to pour it in gradually to
unmix I started off by adding a couple
of teaspoons probably about 3 or 4 and
then you can start pouring it in more
gradually once you realize the texture
is at once it starts pulling away from
the sides like this I know it's super
watery I did find this to be an issue at
first Claire couldn't really tell when
it was coming together I just went in
with my hands so I could feel what it
was feeling like and when it started to
get tough I took out and just started
playing with it in my hands and
everything pulled together and it became
less sticky I actually really liked the
texture of the slime it reminded me of a
jelly so I added some paint just to make
it a little bit prettier
then I moved on to the most popular
slime recipe not containing borax and
this is a mix of an eye drop containing
boric acid and also some sodium
bicarbonate
so some baking soda and you just others
very gradually and as you can see you
barely need any of it for it so we
activate i altered up some colors of
this because it worked so well so I just
went ahead and added my pink and this
made it a bit sticky so I added one more
eye drops and as you can see the texture
is so lovely and really thick and it
really reminds me of like a borax mix
this is probably my second favorite
slime I first have to feed this one
which is containing the laundry starch I
let it sit and it became realistic you
so if you're using that method I do
recommend it I really hope that you
enjoyed this video and if you did don't
forget to give it a thumbs up and also
subscribe see you next week
