hi so the other day I was listening to
music with a friend who asked how tall
do you think Taylor Swift is all right
two meters you think she looks pretty
tall mate maybe three meters what nobody
is three meters that's like over nine
feet I take it back two meters I want to
go back to two meters how tall is Taylor
Swift Taylor Swift is 1.78 meters tall
oh yeah that's kind of what I heard the
 measured Taylor Swift I don't know
they have the heights of a whole bunch
of people Zee Ariana Grande Calvin
Harris Carly called me that how tall is
George Clooney George Clooney is 1.8
meters tall how tall is Oprah Oprah
Winfrey is 1.6 9 meters tall how tall is
Adele Adele is 1.75 meters who are you
who measures people hyacinth cook is the
professional height data collector from
her studio apartment she runs a small
business height helper providing
celebrity Heights to clients such as
Google the National Security Agency
Interpol and grant I just like knowing
people's Heights I guess I knew from the
first moment that I asked myself how
tall is Brad Pitt like if we were to
ever date would I be to told nexium if I
wore heels to like a premiere and I
thought to myself this is a question
that other people must be asking so I
started to collect Heights
his was my first he would always be my
first when I first started it was very
old school I would wait outside the
stage door and I would pretend to ask
them for an autograph and while they
were signing I would be measuring them
and you know that's how I first started
in my first year I collected 1473
celebrity heights
and that was great I started to develop
more advanced skills oh wrong
person oh my god are you okay and all of
that aside it felt sort of normal just
to be asking Google how tall people were
that's not normal just because they're
celebrities that's not okay I mean
imagine if I collected heights of my
friends hey now can I borrow a piece of
paper off this I just want to write
stuff down my phone's out of battery
we're already riding in it so it's not
really asking and you can you can't
return it if you it's not really
borrowing if you can't return it it's
all good I wasn't thinking about it
anyway what what is this oh that's
everyone's high don't write on that page
that's important what do you what do you
mean what is everyone's high I write
down everyone's heights oh I know but
what is this for like what are you gonna
use this for
it's just how I knows what if you're
like hey how tall do you think amanda is
alike amanda is five foot one when she's
lying down in her bed how would you know
you know amanda said you're a reader and
I'm starting to believe her Amanda said
that yeah she said you a weed what is
that this is another list you don't need
to know about it but now that you do
what's that list stop making lists the
only time I think you really need to
know height is in a crime situation hi
Natalie Natalie great I understand
you've had a home invasion here today
and you saw the man leaving the building
okay well I'm Sergeant Morales you can
call me Judy and that's constable
Jacobsen but you can call him Jeff hey
Jeff
hi Judy oh how are you good how are you
okay okay I'm sorry I didn't bring my
pad of paper so I'm just gonna borrow a
sheet from here if that's okay yeah I
mean it's not really asking if you're
all ready right it's not really
borrowing if you come it wasn't all
right so you want to tell me did you see
the face of the man at all no and what
did he take uh yeah they took some some
cash that was in my key box and I took
some earrings from my jewelry box they
didn't take my dvd/vcr combo
they thought it was just a VCR or just a
DVD but it's DVD and VCR like it does
both but that was it really
okay and did you get his hide it's funny
cuz you keep referring to them as a he
but it could have been is she I mean
burglars can be she I'm sorry was it a
she oh no like it was a guy anyways it
doesn't matter um maybe maybe like two
meters you think it's pretty tall maybe
three nobody is three meters that's over
two I take it I take it back I take it
back let's go back to to two meters 2
meters anyway this video isn't very
relatable is it nope oh well what's the
internet for if not distill your time
and make you angry smart people like
there's a lot of other uses for
information shut up smart people anyway
I apologize for not making a video last
week oh I didn't even notice
I seriously have other things to do I
can't just sit around waiting for you to
upload a video oh you didn't notice yeah
I didn't notice either I only I only
mentioned it because like I thought you
mentioned it but you brought it I like
your face just shake your face right now
okay it's funny music / comment time I'm
gonna make these much shorter now and
dedicate more time to comment in
separate videos but I am very sad to
hear so many of you kill flies I've
talked to you guys about this you can
kill bugs and insects their families
will see you and they will come and
murder you in your sleep
I know this because I speak to bugs and
no you will never get your four minutes
back because I ate them all I ate all
your minutes ha ha
