hi do you guys ever remember being super
excited as a kid because the celebrity
had the same birthday as you Natalie
guess who else's birthday ders today who
if J Lo's birthday would you share the
same birthday as JLo that is crazy cuz
you know I kind of looked like JLo well
yeah it was worth a shot
but I remember as a kid telling
everybody like I was proud of it or
something I'm next on enews J Lo's
latest music video do you know that JLo
died shared the same birthday I told you
that
that's a cool song you know JLo would I
shared this a birthday
that wasn't it JLo song yeah yeah I know
but it's like music related stuff like
well you know JLo would I have to say
birthday now you told my mom this was an
emergency phone call about homework I
thought we were friends I guess I kind
of felt that because we were born on the
same day even though it was decades
apart in different places in the world
it meant that JLo and I wish we shared a
special bond my first job interview I'm
so scared what would you do JLo how am I
meant to know I'm just a picture but you
need a better printer well that was mean
we had the same birthday
might as well be sisters well you know I
never had a picture up on my wall but
you know what I'm saying it's one of
those weird things that kids do and the
reason I thought about this is because
the other day it was my birthday and I
realized I'm getting older because I no
longer open presents like this yeah now
that I'm boring an older something weird
has happened where I get sad when I see
nice wrapping paper and I'm really
precious about opening it don't want to
rip it and seriously I just keep it like
I collect wrapping paper like a serial
killer collecting skins I should
probably get rid of it it feels so
you know and as I get older as well I
really appreciate practical boring gifts
thank you so much I actually needed
underwear all my old underwear has holes
in it
no no why I don't have a shop down there
then again I've never been brave enough
to look and on that highly disturbing
note let me know if you've ever you know
looked up which celebrity you share a
birthday with and if you know let me
know who you share a birthday with I'd
love to know and thank you guys so much
for your beautiful birthday messages it
feels so nice
it does feel so nice and I hope you guys
have a nice weekend I will see you in a
week bye okay it's funny music / comment
time and nutmeg Harrison I would never
thought you were implying anything
sexual when you suggested to stay with
the child but thank you for clarifying
that
and there was an overwhelming amount of
suggestions to use fake monster
repellent I won't know does this
actually work how we can kid sees dated
they're satisfied with this cuz I
wouldn't be I'd want bullets I want to
see eyes roll into the back of heads and
you know the sad thing is I only learned
how to make a jiff last year about the
same time I learned what tumblr was yes
I is the Internet
