hi so you know how I know who's a bad
friend I know because of the kind of
person who leaves you when crossing a
road good no no wait there's a cup dude
come on
dude what the hell I would have been
here mr. chicken you totally could have
made it you suck
where's the camaraderie I could have
been killed
dude come on oh that hurts so much more
than I thought it would yeah oh my god
are you okay
told you there wasn't enough time and
I'm always right you know and if I died
because you left me a crossing oh shit
son
I would haunt the crap out of you Oh a
little bit of television huh what are we
watching I wish you would stop appearing
like that it's really scary we should
watch a little bit of ghostbusters you
get it cuz I'm good
you shouldn't have crossed the road
without me how many times I gotta tell
you well
someone smells nice you see I know that
if the situation come had been reversed
and miles himself was in charge I would
have had your back 100%
okay let's cross wait a minute what are
you doing I want us to hold hands
because when I cross the road I want to
make sure you cross the road safely too
cuz I'm not a bit I'm a great friend you
know I don't like holding your hand it
gets really clammy that that's rude hold
my hand
I really hate it when you do that you
see this way will be completely how is
it fair that I die in both these
scenarios no I know it's making a
mountain out of a molehill but you know
it's the little things that make you
understand a person it's like if a
friend says to me hey NAT sorry I didn't
call you back last night didn't get home
till this morning it means they're a
slut I'm kidding but seriously who in
real life doesn't come home at night I
come home every night why wouldn't you
why would you want to come home to this
if you have here we can be best friends
we can borrow clothes we can go shopping
we can talk about our boyfriends well
that escalated quickly but anyway let me
know in the comments if you were
crossing a road are you the kind of
person who a crosses and lets the other
person look after themselves a bad
friend or be are you the kind of person
who wants to cross together let me know
because in the last video I asked if
that on a holiday you'd prefer a better
looking photo of yourself or a better
looking photo of the landmark and the
majority of you egomaniacs answered a
better photo of yourself that by the way
is not an accurate pie chart this is
probably a more accurate pie chart but
hey I'm not a reliable source but ya
know it's ok to want a good looking
photo of yourself I gave up on that kind
of shit mainly because there are a lot
of photos of me like this on the
internet and you just can't fight that
yes on that very uplifting note I hope
you guys are well let me know what kind
of Road Crossy you are and I will see
you guys in a week bye ok is pointing
music slash comment I'm in phase phase
I'm a bit like that
I pose next to Landmarks proudly like I
frack and built the things I feel tower
in the background yeah I built that and
center of heart don't rush through them
because I really think I am only up to
five videos but I am trying to get it up
again and I don't know what you're
talking about you have a bogey-free I am
freaking awesome
you
