hi so the other day somebody asks I
sorry
would you take a photo for me oh sure
and you know I thought I took a pretty
great photo and then I see them asking
somebody else for another photo
you fucking I don't know about you guys
but when I take a photo for a stranger
all of a sudden I get into like series
photographer mode I get you to move a
little bit to the right a little bit
this way
yeah a little bit more yeah a little bit
more that's perfect let's get the start
oh my god baby yeah you look a little
bit more fit yeah cuz you look a bit
less thin
all right that's amazing Oh Roger okay
so maybe not that crazy but you know I
do the whole portrait landscape thing
and I stand retarded I think I do a
pretty good job so when I turn around I
see you asking for a better photo
I get the shit's it looks good is it a
good photo though was she just gonna ask
someone else what was wrong with my
photo I kind of wanted like more of the
background that photo was perfect okay I
didn't I didn't want to say anything I
was pretty vain I just didn't think I
looked very nice in that photo that's
the best photo you're ever gonna have
yeah stop being crazy I'm sorry my
friends being crazy don't say I'm crazy
hey let me take another photo I
completely get it I always want new
photos oh thank you that's really kind
of you all right I'll take one for you
ready 1 2 3 there we go
cool thanks I can't believe how crazy
were you can't just yell at people sorry
could you take that photo again I didn't
really take you fuck and you know I'm so
crazy that it's not just when they
reject my photo that I get upset it's
when the reaction isn't what I expect it
to be so they might be just cool thank
you
is it okay yeah yeah it's good thanks
it's just not good enough I don't know
what I expect something like cool yeah
yeah cool take oh my god this is the
best photo I have ever seen ever you
should be a professional photographer
yeah I know because isn't that how
everyone should react yeah I don't know
let me know do you guys have these
psychotic thoughts otherwise my question
for you today is if you're having a
holiday photo taken would you rather a
better photo of the background or a
better photo of yourself let me know so
I can avoid future heartbreak
when taking photos for people and yes
I'm going to leave you with some rather
disturbing outtakes of this video I hope
you're all really well sorry is getting
really late so I should edit this and
pop it up line pop it up on line and get
some sleep
there learn to speak and I will see you
guys in a week
bye amazing you look right cuz someone
get me a cigarette smoke you're fired
oh my god I made you look amazing it's
not my fault that you're ugh yes yes oh
my god somebody needs to call a fiber
you burning up the studio okay it's
funny music / comment time and corgi
dude if an old man had done that to me I
would have dropped him into early
retirement seriously and how does your
mum pick food out of her teeth using
money that's something I think only a
crazy person or a pimp would do I didn't
delete any comments of people saying
they wanted to leave me I just didn't
receive any how's that for being shit on
the Internet
