hi so I'm not that great with etiquette
he's so better off without him isn't she
not does that mean that he's single now
no I'm joking I know she's cool with it
what is cool and even I can't understand
why people lick their fingers while
sharing your food because what the frak
kind of madhouse do you think this is
hmm I love this shit mmm
the grammar is a bit weird about
children and look maybe one day I can
let the finger-licking go but then how
do you have the audacity to go back in
for more shut the front door because
seriously where do you get off and then
you can't understand where I want to
share with you anymore
oh I'm so sorry you should have some
I've been hogging them Oh
oh good oh no you should have something
so good you can have them why don't you
want any more because right now I want
to do this whoa what are you doing
it's disgusting you know the thing is I
appreciate that people do gross things
when they're alone I do this weird thing
with my cat and a ruler you always be us
and the ruler but that stuff can only
happen in private and on fetish websites
below and don't give me this wiping your
hands and your pants crap yeah that shit
don't fly who have you hole I would
rather die a thousand deaths oh it's
okay it's really not because you're the
same people who lick your fingers and
then just avoid touching things with
them for a while and then I see what
happens you just wait a little bit and
then you start touching things with your
fingers again yeah I'm on to you you
people ruining my world one germ at a
time no I'm only joking you don't ruin
my world when you do something like that
I just erase you from my world well now
that I'm alone you're not alone it's
weird but I kind of heard something why
can't you see me anyway now that I'm
alone can do that thing with my cat what
are you doing
ready
I don't know do you guys have this issue
it's always something that's driven me
nuts let me know if you do if you don't
have any sure of you're the kind of
person who does lick their fingers let
me know how you live with yourself
I just I'd like to know that yeah and
sorry by the way about the lack of
upload last week I'm a little bit I'm a
few days late I'm sorry about that but a
little bit busier but if it's any
consolation it is 3 a.m. at the moment
while I'm filming this I have work in 6
hours but in that time I'm going to edit
upload have a shower then I'll go to
work and then I'll read the really mean
comments that you guys leave me where
you're like you have pimples on your
face and your videos aren't funny and
you cut so much better-looking than you
oh wait I wrote those comments okay it's
porno music slash comment time and it
was honestly so hard for me to pick
comments from the last video because
they were hilarious if you have time you
should go through them and I wish old
people took me to Taco Bell every time I
help them out
I love Taco Bell and yeah all old people
I know love Google Earth they're always
like you have to come over here and look
at Google Earth and then I go and then
their computers are too old to use
Google Earth that's great and how did
you end up here I'll answer that for you
you clicked a picture of an asian girl
when you were searching for a Caucasian
male comedian how is it even people on
the internet get angry when they've
accidentally seen me how do I stop this
from happening
