hi so you know I don't I'm just where
did that go
I can't did you see where that went
no where does food go when you drop it
and you can't find it again you know
where does it go you know what we're
gonna sort this shit out you can't live
like this because seriously where does
the food go agent lamington well we got
fallen chip crumb happens here about
1700 we have two eyewitnesses urged
everywhere she could think of but she
can't find it do we have any photos yeah
we do this is the last known photo of
her that she uploaded on Facebook last
week she looks supreme yeah cheese
supreme extra flavor cuz I want to know
where all the food crumbs from 26 years
of my life have gone and I will go to
great lengths to find out and in
disturbing news the case of the missing
chip crumb is still open authorities
asked if you have seen this chip crumb
to please contact them as soon as
possible known to family and friends is
an outgoing and fun chip crumb
apparently when you touch her she says
nacho cheese and then laughs once again
if you have seen her please contact the
number on the screen because come on how
great would it be if this happened stain
her please contact the number on the
screen I think I've seen that chip crumb
yeah hi I'm calling about the missing
chip crumb yeah you know I do have the
theory though that my food crumbs hang
out with everything else that I lose
it's nice isn't it yeah do you think
that misses me of course she misses you
good you should have seen she cried when
she lost me she's in a drive-through
trying to buy an ice cream it was so sad
why does she always go through
drive-thru sometimes it's quicker to
just pop and then going to the shop you
know sorry I don't know not had lost him
oh she didn't I just I get lonely by
myself
have you ever noticed how it's okay all
of a sudden to be really intimate with
yourself when you're trying to find food
like you start feeling yourself up you
start checking yourself out you get
caught up checking yourself out well
have nothing there and that's what we're
all about at community channel asking
the tough questions that everybody else
is afraid to ask
yeah very controversial speaking of
controversial by the way in my last
video I talked about bad films and good
ones but bad ones and I got this comment
and see the only thing that I see that
is true about this statement is the sad
face because I am sad face about the
fact that you liked atonement because it
was bad movie yeah that's my reasoning
yeah sorry see I won't talk your ears
off because last time I talked about
Captain Planet for a really long time
got a lot of complaints you need to edit
that shit more a couple of you said
thing is I cut out a lot of stuff at and
then who would be wheeler who do I like
I'd cast someone who I liked is wheeler
yeah that's right Natalie caste a male
actor that you like in the cartoon role
of wheeler in case there's every Captain
Planet movie and you get cast as the
Asian girl yeah it's great
so yeah think about how crap your life
would be if I didn't no doubt that stuff
but anyway I will let you guys go don't
forget to thumb me let me know something
that you've lost that you've never been
able to find even though it should be
here and I will see you guys soon bye
okay it's funny music slash comment time
and I think this is one of my favorite
exchanges in the comments recently
thanks for having my back man I
appreciate it and you're Captain Planet
comments had me laughing for ages thank
you what I liked the most is the
reasoning behind your character choices
I think when you can justify which
cartoon character you are we definitely
have to be friends and I apologize very
much to this guy because it is all
talking my videos there's no action
there's no sex scenes there's a special
effects oh except awesomeness am i right
I'm not
