hi so you know I don't understand why
sticky-tape is my enemy feel the
beginning far but more than that when
you ask someone what's your favorite
movie and then they act like you've
asked them what the meaning of life is
that's a hard one is this like is it
really because they carry on like I've
asked them if they believe in an
afterlife I mean that's like a really
hard question I have to think about it
oh god please don't because really I
don't care that much you know I see me
cared when I ask now I really don't care
it's like when you ask people something
and they've got their mouth full but
where did you hear that from then you
have to sit there and watch them chew
and they're all oh my god please don't
look at me when I chew probably not
gonna stop looking at owashi shoes she's
looking at me she fasted you're faster
why is this taking so long for me to
chew
I've never true this much of my life you
know it's excruciating yeah they do that
they point at your mouth and I know
what's going on why are you telling you
that you're chewing I get it
oh okay I thought we're just sitting
here in silence by the way I don't mind
if you talk with food in your mouth
seriously how would you be in an
emergency oh my gosh
stay calm okay I'm gonna call someone
hello emergency services how can I help
you hello oh hello - this movie thing so
you're sitting there and you're waiting
for them to tell you their favorite
movie and they pull this no it's
too hard can I give you my top five sure
whatever man okay No
won a tournament that's
number two serendipity that's just the
worst number three Eat Pray Love what
why are you my friend and then it just
gets weirder when they start going no
way
replace Eat Pray Love with lettuce to
Julio's no way okay why do people act
like this is the definitive list like
whatever they say to me is it for life
you know it's like one day this is gonna
happen serendipity is like my number one
favorite actually and 30p was only now
the doctor on your list but I know what
people should do they should just say
whatever they feel like what about you
what's your favorite Captain Planet I
think I think there's a TV show not a
movie yeah but how good would it be if
it were a movie okay but what about
movies now I'm pretty sure that Captain
Planet the movie if it were ever made
would be better than any movie that's
made now okay the thing that's happening
for it like if the auditions ever
happened yeah like we should audition as
soon as we can okay yeah I mean you'd be
the girl the asian girl with the water
yeah yeah or the girl with the monkey
you know who knows a South American boy
well whatever look hot you know how it
was always so weak hot
what is hard even mean that's not a
superpower but seriously how good would
I be in a Captain Planet movie it's what
I was born for that's it that's what
that's what my journey on this earth
that was for yeah I could be the boy
with the monkey or the asian girl with
the water and Scarlett Johansson could
be linked up we could be friends no Mel
Scott she's a bit old no you're not I
mean she's it could be Emma Stone she
could dye her hair blond like in
spider-man she's hip she's young and
relevant she's hip she's young and
relevant you know she should have been
April by the way am i right in Teenage
Mutant Ninja Turtles is crazy anyway I'm
sure this stuff really plays in your
mind as well and keeps you up at night
also but anyway no not anyway let me
know I am very interested now which
Captain Planet character would you be if
you had to be one yeah you can only pick
from some of the characters of Captain
Planet they have to say who you are as a
person pick which one best best
represents you and let me know which one
you are also let me know what your
favorite movie
or if you can't bear it because it's
that hard let me know what your top five
are and I will see you guys soon bye
I don't even remember what I'm doing I'm
eating phenomenal
okay she could dye your hair blonde a
crumb from the cracker before relax guys
I'm okay
fat people problems okay it's funny
music / comment time and yes I
apologized the melting in my last video
required a lot of imagination from you
guys but it was late at night and you
know Peter Jackson wasn't available so
whatever and this war on pronunciation
was crazy it made me want to fall over
your faces I'm not sure which one is
correct but I grew up with gifs oh yeah
and two shades see I get it
that's a joke about door security right
cuz like my door is not secure but I go
like two logs see what I did there yeah
I didn't say the word sex
