hi so I'm not very good at maths but
before you get all but your Chinese and
all Chinese people great at maths I'm
not Chinese
whatever is all the same okay but I am
serious every time I try and solve a
math problem in my head everything turns
to shit Matt what's 17 times 15 oh my
she don't get this she's so bad at math
she probably thinks like 300 or
something and she always thinks it's me
and you know I say shit out loud like
alright so you have to like multiply the
root value and I don't know what I'm
saying I'm just buying time so that
somebody else in the group figures it
out first
is it 255 255 you know Bert rhetoric you
guys are so much smarter than I am you
know it's like how I can never figure
out alphabetical order unless I sing the
whole alphabet song first you seen e f g
h i j i j i before j good song it is a
good song but see i figured out a way to
solve this problem though i just turned
the question back on them but 17 times
15 you know what 17 times two things
okay yeah all right I can do it damn
girl you got away with that one very
nicely played and I figured that it
works with most situations now
spot euthanasia you should know this one
yeah I know
just always kicking those Bravo that one
wasn't good Oh sight player but there
was that one time it backfired okay now
what's your computer's password you know
what it is I don't know what it is you
can figure it out how can I figure it
out you know what it is
I why would I know what it is speaking
of not being able to carry my previous
video I mentioned that this would be the
start of season six of community Channel
and then you will point it out that I
probably should have said seven because
the first year is in season zero yeah I
smart I so smart that uh I don't know if
I told you guys this but mass is my
worst subject in school and my final
exam for my high school which we call
the HSC here I scored a 69 in maths yeah
at 69 Oh got a 60 died I don't even get
that joke I still don't get sex jokes
even though I am one but yeah let me
know do you guys suffer from the same
kind of math problems I do or you a math
whiz if you're Asian I already know the
answer but yeah let me know and I will
see you guys in five days
bye no no you mean zoom I mean five Oh
what I'm talking about you means sim yes
no I mean 500 double guessing me five
okay okay better me okay it's funny
music / comment time and this one's a
combination of the last two videos so
mrs. Ren is random Zing's her not
assuming you marry that actually sounds
like a really super cool super power to
me it's like a mum superpower they know
how to pack things and they know how to
wash things in the washing machines
gentle one more what the fuck do I do
and I got so many comments backing out
my supermarket cake
nice you can't lie to me tell me you
don't like holes mud cake and why do you
get irritated is it because I turn you
want and you don't know how to go with
those feelings or it's because I'm just
blah blah blah I love my comments you
guys rock my world thank you over and
over again I don't say it enough
