hi so really exciting news a few days
ago my sister gave birth to the most
beautiful baby girl ever and it got me
thinking about how I get to be an aunt
to her new daughter and what our
relationship will be like when she grows
up and I wonder if I'll ever become one
of those old back in my day grumpy
people back in my day we weren't lucky
like you young fingers now cuz you know
how all old people get super angry about
how they used to have to walk everywhere
back in my day we used to have to walk
everywhere and how everything we have
now is fancy unlike you with your
friends gosh and then it got me thinking
what am i complaints gonna be like in
the future when you're growing up back
in my day we staffed use iPads and
computers you would know what that's
like would you with your fancy
spaceships and you know how old people
complain about how they used to buy
everything for 50 cents back in the day
back in my day 50 ships was a dollar
no no they use their weird currency
throw up into six principal eighths you
should to buy your candy stick no no not
that moans dear what will I be saying to
you the back of my tyre used to have to
use cash F posh and credit cards now you
just trade your sperm and you know how
all old people always talk about how
they used to be poor at the Mart I will
just use tissue just break it
now you tissue just tissues what will
might complain feed to 20 year old you
when you grow up because they live in
pretty good times these days back in my
day they used to make hangover movies
all the time
hangover one hangover to hang out for it
was awful just the old show and whatever
I end up complaining about in advance I
apologize for being one of those crazy
old wreck and my date Arty's I really do
but I do hope that I can offer you some
words of wisdom I'm gonna start with
these school don't worry if you can't
speak until you're 12 I had that problem
and I turned out just fine no one can
force you to speak boy exchanger now
back in my day there was a man called
wandering
and a boy called Justin Bieber that all
the girls rave about I'm guessing by the
time you're old enough to see this the
world would know today actually living
so once you're known should be careful
too popstar boys stare girls in disguise
be kind it's imperative that you know
how important it is to be a kind person
the family that you were growing up in
is the family that taught me to love and
be loving because not all of us are sexy
sexy people don't need to be kind be
strong not physically people don't like
freakishly strong women I'll tell you
now but inside make sure that you're a
strong person other people should not
 you and I won't if you don't let
them finally don't cut your hair short
when you get old or are women don't go
in like a bun Irish but hey I already
know that you're going to be a wonderful
well-rounded loving and caring person
because of the people that you're going
to be going up around welcome to the
world be good to your mother because
she's a wonderful woman be kind to your
auntie because I will give you cash when
you grow up and remember that I'm always
here to talk and welcome to the world
again I'm so happy that you're here to
join us I'm so thrilled that you got
here safe and sound when I saw you the
other day you were just the most
beautiful baby I'd ever seen I can't
wait to know you better I love you bye
