hi so you know what I don't get when a
friend pulls out that however not
routine how could you not have heard of
this band how have you not tried
raspberry sauce how have you not watched
this movie how have you never seen
yourself naked
I just haven't you just haven't dude
everyone has seen fifth element I don't
know I thought I just don't understand
how you haven't seen it and here we go
possible how have you not seen it why
are you getting angry because I haven't
seen a movie I understand if you get
angry because I spoil a movie I love
this actor yeah dies though what and
then I try and back out of it I was only
joking he doesn't die dies does yeah he
does see that I understand but being
angry because I haven't eaten something
heard something or seeing the same movie
as you that I don't understand it's just
it's not possible but me amigo it is
possible the only way it's impossible is
if this happened think I might watch
this movie no well that's pretty much
the only explanation that would make
sense it's like my constant battle with
people who don't understand my magic
trend is this your car yes I know how
you did that though yeah magic no like I
know how you yeah magic no like it was
magic you know it's not like I go around
making sure everyone's done something
I've done just do it I don't want to
just kiss her as if you wouldn't want to
try that yeah I don't know you know what
I mean how you meant to respond when
somebody says something like how have
you not read this book my brother died
reading that book that's not true my
mum's alive hi mom I know you wish my
video is and then you call me in your
all I don't understand your jokes and
well how could you not that yeah do you
guys have a way of dealing with the how
have you not situation let me know and
don't forget to thumb me I like how the
YouTube rating system is becoming
progressively more sexual like me rate
me thumbing like from first to third
base those are the bases right cuz I'm
almost totally on my way to the first
anyway I'll see you guys soon bye okay
it's porno music / comment time and I
wish I could regret nothing but as long
as I keep eating sure I find on the
floor that ain't gonna happen and it's
good to know my cat
gets more views than me and trueskill 74
you don't like when she puts you in the
friend zone buddy I'm Mara friendzone
and yeah the numbers are slowly
dwindling the other day someone saw me
in the street yelled out hey community
and then I couldn't be bothered saying
the rest year that was nice man nice
