hi so you know who I hate at the moment
past Natalie who's that you ask well
this is her she's me 16 hours ago and
what passionately doesn't realize is
when she decides you know lilies now she
is really screwing over future Natalie
no more M&Ms cuz you passed Natalie it
happens all the time try to this laundry
now what should I do it never oh where
is it women direct time to find it cuz
you passed Natalie it's the same self
hate I feel when I think about myself as
a teenager I love the Spice Girls and
just like her passionately has no idea
what a loser she's being I really wish I
could go back and do things like this
that was a boy them stop eating why
cuz you gonna want some in the morning
you always want them in the morning and
who are you I'm huge Natalie really yeah
nice baby I know but seriously imagine
if you could go back think about all the
things you would tell past me Tim would
you move to bicycles broke up what and
you should wear your hair long like you
look like a boy like a boy imagine all
the things you could have warned
yourself about I can't wait to meet with
you in real life I think I'm in love
with you don't meet up with that person
off the internet what why it turns out
to be a six-year-old woman but I sent
pics wait stop don't drink the milk it's
past its use-by talk this beret is going
to look awesome at the boat
wait it's not everyone at the party
lasted it are you a boy in a beret as if
I'm not sophistication but yeah I don't
know do you guys ever wish you could go
back in the past and tell yourself
something if you do what would you tell
past you don't subscribe to commune
gentle but yeah for example if I could
go back see 24 hours I would probably
tell past Natalie that I was going to be
a day
lady uploading this video one day you
like wearing clothes Hey she asked me if
she can have a show I didn't even have
anything to do you need to make a video
it's been four days four why are you so
distractingly sexy
I shouldn't say cancer sexy out loud
cause seriously who's not thinking it
but yeah you know who else is sexy these
awesome folk who I bumped into thank you
guys so much for sending in your photos
and as always it's lovely to meet
everybody and again I am sorry about
this video being a day late I know some
of you panicked it's kind of like your
period you're worried when it's late but
then you're happy when it comes but then
you sad again because it's your period
yeah that's right
my videos are like your period what's
that it's timed in the video no Lee
yeah I hear - okay well I hope you're
all well after that and I will see you
guys in five days but hi she does upload
it in five days actually you do future
Natalie yeah nice so the sad thing is I
was way uglier than this as a teenager
this would be amazing okay it's funny
music / comment time and dollar tude
thank you very much I think it's because
you caught my good side and strawberry
cupcake just letting you know I will
deny everything at customs and I will
declare you a terrorist and guys so many
comments about the thread it's okay I
made sure I will never cut off the
thread you hear me never and dude I'm
glad you asked my videos deliver good
times romance and murder and a bigger
part of my personality is better than
just okay it's sexy
