hi so you know what makes me panic
countdowns 5 4 was working for all that
when I see a stranger wearing
merchandise for something I really like
and then I immediately think oh my god
oh my god just like the Battlestar
Galactica TV show that's one my favorite
shows wish me friends and I don't know
why I think that because it's not like I
go around being all oh the person has
here I have here we should be friends
but honestly as soon as I find out
somebody likes the same things it's a
nice day outside yeah a frakking nice
day for so panting so see me or be my
friend and like I said I know that this
is as crazy as I notice you have hair
yeah I have here too
that's nice you hang smells nice what be
my friend but I just can't help myself
which is probably why I've ended up in
situations like this hey Ron everyone
this is my head it's just a friend's oh
sorry
you shouldn't borrow other people's hats
you really shouldn't chop and give me
all your money
Oh money I just borrow my hat from the
rich friend Oh seriously every time
dance dance like Fred Astaire tell me
what is a weird story though when you
finally manage to ask somebody about
something and they get all angry about
it Slytherin house huh I'm a Harry
Potter fan so yeah so whoa buddy calm
down seriously you're wearing the public
declaration don't get angry if I
acknowledge it it's like you don't see
me being all hey oh hey um you have a
bug on your face yes so bitches be crazy
but anyway do you guys ever see people
in the street wearing something you like
and you feel the same way if not this is
a pretty weird public confession do guys
office to the people on the street you
want to be that friend laughter this
little I bumped into yeah so sorry that
was a pretty scary segue not as scary
this one though cat I'm
ever gonna stop doing that I am so cat
I'm sorry about that anyway I apologize
for not having the magic video up yet
I'll work on that you can put that one
in the low engines gota gory no I will
work on that in the meantime don't
forget to thumb me here and in your mind
and I will see you guys in four days
okay I'm aging see you guys soon bye
okay it's porno music / comment time and
yes I am a crazy cat lady I am however
much happier about this phase in my life
in the previous bag lady phase lady of
the night face and lady who makes
internet video okay I guess that's not
really face but I will wear cat lady
proudly and I got so many comments
asking me what ICQ was what's I secure I
think he was the nightclub of chat rooms
when I was kid my children the nightclub
of chat rooms I'm so glad you asked me
this question my honest advice to you is
I've never actually seen rune so please
feel free to shoot one started and send
it to me thank you
