hi so you know what I hate when you're
out with a friend they bump into someone
they know and they do that awkward thing
I like to call yeah sure
you don't have to introduce me because
it's crazy awkward and either I have to
do my own introducing fire hi I'm
Natalie nice to meet me or I have to act
invisible iPhone a breaks it's like
you're just it's rindy killing you
iPhone or I have to try and act as
normal as possible while I creep out in
the background like a pedo although it
usually doesn't help that I'm also
giving candy to kids and you know I
genuinely feel like it makes the other
person uncomfortable as well kind of
like how people get uncomfortable when I
use magic tricks to ease the tension I
can't believe you did that
Matt said it would be fine Nats is that
true
Farber my mom never died
I'm sorry dude that sucks now there's
just one of you when there used to be
two ah I don't know it just makes me
feel uncomfortable do you guys have the
same thing happen to you proof oh yes
and if you do do you have a solution
because for a while I used to just close
my eyes and try not to draw attention to
myself and once I even tried to teach
them a lesson are you doing here just
around God you never can win unless you
have magic on your sad I'm pretty sure I
made this whole video just so I could do
magic just like I'm gonna use a sentence
just so I can show off right on my cat
when she was kidding
how good is she see she wasn't always
this big and you know what scary is that
that photo was only taken two months ago
look how much bigger she's gotten in
just two weeks you'll be taller than me
just like how all these lovely people
who I met we're also taller than me look
at all you lovely tall folk thank you
for sending your photos in as always and
I'm sorry people said mean things about
you in the comments like how you're big
and fat in an ugly hall no wait knows
about me anyway I will see you guys soon
actually you know what I'm going to do
hope you don't mind in like a day when I
learned this other magic trick that I've
been trying alone for this video I'm
gonna pull it up a magic video it won't
make any sense but please like it what
is with you and my boobs okay it's Pony
music / comment time in early May
you know after watch take and I was like
he's awesome but damn this movie has
completely fooled my kidnapping young
European girls plan and I will never
tell you my cat's name why because I
haven't even told her yet and it is
killing her and I'm so sorry I'm back
into corny jokes and this one made me
smug like the weirdo like you know those
nerd laughs to do what your computer
like I did one of those and obviously
not buddy but you and me we need to hit
up that ICQ now
