hi so I'm a little bit pathetic oh oh
it's just pen it can kill you you've got
a big poison gets into blood and to add
to that I've recently become addicted to
reality TV oh don't cry Maggie look
beautiful to cry and one of the things I
love about it is how when somebody's
evicted from the show they have to leave
immediately and tonight unfortunately
the journey ends for Murray you will now
have to pack your bags and leave the
competition immediately okay thank you
just I'm gonna make use me move up leave
you be like that now just go at the end
of the day it's just been such an
amazing Hey
has to go just has to go okay so it's
not that bad but really I would love to
be in a reality show because then I
could have this noise happen every
single time somebody asks me a question
hey now what do you want what a crap out
or digestive hey not how come you look
like a boy when you're a baby
hey now how come you've been wearing the
same shirt and all the skits but hey you
know what they say if you want curly
hair you have to eat the crust and they
also say being on YouTube is just like
being on a reality TV show but I think
they mean that in the bad way
speaking of reality TV shows I receive
this fascinating email hi Natalie sorry
to bother you I'm sure you getting
bombarded with this question a lot but
how do you feel about Kim Kardashian
breaking off her wedding already you
know what I don't get a lot of those
emails I get a lot of would you like to
enlarge in your penis emails I replied
all of those but to answer your Kim
Kardashian question I didn't even know
Kim Kardashian was married so I googled
Kim Kardashian wedding saw the picture
thought it was the guy from twilight
turned to a friend and said I didn't
know Kim Kardashian was getting married
to the guy from Twilight and then she
laughed for ages and that's how I feel
about the Kim Kardashian wedding then
it's a most of ever said Kim Kardashian
on her weight that was that time they
just kept saying
Kaji Kim Kardashian Kim Kardashian
Kardashian God it's kinda like that time
I kept saying Robert DeNiro
Robert DeNiro Robert knew Robert DeNiro
anyway a lot of people asked for a tour
of my new place I'm really sorry it's
still I haven't got on my footage here
but once I do I'll show you around
I can however show you these sexy folk
and I bumped into and I want to
apologize just briefly I do this weird
thing to a lot of people who ask for a
photo I say I'm sorry if I smell because
we get all up and close and personal and
stuff
and when I say I'm sorry afraid to smell
a lot of people go oh and then I come
cook I don't smell I just I'm really
paranoid about smelling because it's
summer and people this conversation
going downhill so I'm gonna stop this
video now but don't worry I've already
started writing the next one yeah see so
on top of it and I will see you guys
soon bye
I missed you huh what a quick ride to
gesture and I'm like bitch you know how
I feel about digestives okay it's Pony
music slash comment time and words
slowly don't you just love making up
quotes natalie is the hottest piece of
ass I've ever seen Jake Gyllenhaal and
yes I apologize for the gap but honestly
I'd rather upload things I'm happy to
share rather than videos of me lying
naked on the floor eating chips
mainly because videos of me doing that
don't do very well like five hits maybe
and yes yes it is well it should be
it's the freelancer failure
