hi so you know it's awkward better if I
just give it
god I hate dogs get out of here I don't
think you should keep the dog
Tony whimpering busier watching it you
like a herb buddy go die
don't you hate dogs no I love dogs up
our dog sandy died last month oh it's
okay I'm sorry I was just I love dogs I
was just kidding you know it how did
Greg take that Greg and I broke up a few
weeks ago
Wow hey is my phone ringing hello
that's not a fine that's just your hands
sorry I got yeah yeah yeah be there
right away sorry I gotta go
and that awkward feeling is how I feel
every time you ask me where Mitch's and
the truth is Mitch and I broke up early
last year and even though it was mutual
we'd been together for almost seven
years and was really tough but I kind of
hoped that if I ignored it
you guys would forget about it see that
teacher usually works for me
with extra cheese oh dude did you want
pineapple you stabbed me that was like
five minutes ago
yeah I'm Hannibal Franco and yeah it was
my first boyfriend we dated since high
school so all of a sudden being single
was really weird so what's a girl like
you doing in a place like this what kind
of place is this
I mean I'm a nerd I don't understand
what's happening hey if I uh seen you
somewhere before
ah McDonald's no no I wasn't there the
kebab shop no no KFC I go there all the
time they have these were going so
special for the maple anyway so yeah it
to be completely honest with you guys
I've just been a little bit slow on
adjusting on life being really different
for the first time since I was a
teenager I've been the process of moving
out I'm trying to make new friends
cuz rocky here doesn't laugh at my jokes
anymore do you rocky shy never left at
your jokes I swear to god she gives all
moustache and they think that King
anyway yes some of you are suggested
that it's all because I've gotten a life
and the very notion of that flatters me
greatly but now I've just been adjusting
to a different life and I'm sorry I'm a
bit slow at it but thank you to all
you've been screaming at me in the
streets for days you promised that
doesn't look weird more day you prom
and most of you are screaming this out
in school uniforms so I like some mad
pedo breaking up with kids it's okay I
came up with a comeback you never loved
me
because that one goes down so much
better than you said you're 18 maybe I
know but yes no sorry I'll stop dude
darn you I just felt I owed you an
explanation for the haphazard video
uploads I don't know it's just a bit of
a weird time for Mia if you've ever been
through the similar kind of thing or if
you've got any words of wisdom leave
them down there because I'd love to read
them one of the best words of wisdom I
received was you need to learn how to be
single lady I just broke up I think I
got that one under head yeah anyway
let's see if I've done my bit for the
Internet Moke tanned talked about
breakup cheque talked about being a
pillar in the streets check didn't
actually write a list of my hand check
just another day on the youtubes okay
it's Pony music slash comment time and I
apologize you're all welcome to my
firstborn you have to help me make it
but anyway and to tally guy I kid you
not I make everyone take off their shoes
when they come over I'm so Asian but I
feel like crying but I go to other
people's houses and they make me keep my
shoes on why are you raping my feelings
bro and global what kind of threat is
that why would being in a rain forest
scare you how did she I don't even know
how that came up and Brian you speak the
truth I mean I can't even finish the
rainbow song although I figured out that
no rainbow is really more than four
colors so you get away with it red and
yellow kind of fade to green
