hi so don't you just hate it when you're
out with somebody and you get that
awkward body shiver thing yeah you know
what I'm talking about it's almost as
bad as when you accidentally draw oh man
I am so sorry but you know at least I
could have controlled the drool I can't
control this happening in different
situations I mean really how do you
explain that away
sorry about that being a buzzes by the
spaceship was the mothership buzz attack
all humans eat I am the leader because
some people explain it with crazy
explanations like sorry don't worry if
I'm sorry that's so embarrassing what I
hate when that happens it's like how do
you even explain it
this is I'm an alien oh my god I know
that I made that joke in this YouTube
video I was making actually you know I
heard that when you get the shivers it's
actually because a ghost has walked
through or because somebody's walking
over your grave and I mean really come
on now that's more crazy than this
attack all humans visited because I
don't accept that stepping over the
grave shit I'm not cold and I'm not in
shock so what is it
sorry don't worry about it happens all
the time actually you know what I hear
that it happens whenever someone shares
an intimate moment with another person
mmm I get it when I piss I'm only joking
or am i see I know some of my friends
say they shiver when they hear things
they don't like like this hey by the way
you're one of my best friends
thanks man but really I'm just talking
you standard I can't control my body of
a surface is making you awkward body
movement wow that's a long time I've
been talking about uncontrollable bodily
functions and I'm not even hitting on
you go figure
tell you what I did hit though Las Vegas
last week yo what up this week I'll be
rolling in Las Vegas
awesome this is like I'm in that movie
The Hangover well sort of
except I'm running a bachelor party and
I'm not a man it was very gangster it
had at least three waters on the rocks
you know what I mean like it's a joke
like through waters on the rocks
because what on the rock sounds like a
drink that's that if you like to find
out more about my time in Las Vegas it's
up on the youtubes now I'm gonna find
its YouTube page you click through by
clicking here or in the link below in
the meanwhile don't forget to thumb me
and let me know how you explain away the
shivers when you get it in public see
personally I just get really turned on
when someone in the group gets the
shivers like I would like to do that to
you from behind BAM
okay it's porno music slash comment time
and you don't know missile I would stab
a bitch in the eyeball if they have used
my pen to scratch themselves a little
miss giggle this is hilarious you're one
of those people with perfect or razors I
always want to ask in school how do you
keep them so clean how do you not get
pin marks on them or anything and more
importantly why do you have and nobody
why are you so Spacey in the pants
