hi so you don't bothers me when you've
lost something and your friend says
something like now just think about it
where did you last leave your Sunny's
wherever you last left them is where
they'll still be oh is that how the wall
blows I don't actually remember of
course you can remember just retrace
your steps for me what happened I walked
to the door I put my bag down
I took my sunnies off and then wait the
colored bars come from oh they happen
whenever I can't remember anything when
I try and block things out of my memory
Natalie your father and I feel that
you're old enough to know now but you're
actually a dog I'll never know what that
conversation was actually about I think
your parents are trying to tell you that
you're but what annoys me the most about
a friend helping you look for something
is where they look why would I put
anything where you're looking seriously
oh is it under the mattress course now I
remember I came into the room I put my
bag down
I took my sunnies off I commander rolled
over the bed and then I hid it under the
mattress okay I'm just trying to help
Oh what about into the plastic bag oh
I'm so embarrassed I remember it clearly
now I came into the room I put my bag
down took my sunnies off and then hid it
under my
plastic bag now unless I'm a lot more
fun than I think I am I don't ever
remember playing hide-and-seek with
myself
oh wait 10 ready or not here I come
found you and damn you must be a model I
must be but seriously until I have a
friend who can efficiently help me find
things I'm just gonna keep saying
unhelpful things like this I wish I had
like a device that would beep so I knew
where all my lost things were yeah okay
but what can we do yeah but it would be
awesome and I could sell them like a
million dollars each okay that would be
awesome I just be rich really why has
nobody invented yet it would be awesome
you know what else is awesome Mexico
I've been traveling lately I've been
finding out how to stop gossip panicking
on behalf of the sinking City and being
very confused by Cancun dude and if
you'd like to find out more about my
time in Mexico it's now pond YouTube
online the pilots YouTube page you can
click through by clicking here or on the
link below in the meantime don't forget
to thumb me and let me know do you have
any special methods of finding things
that you've lost and then give me a call
because I'll help you lose something
that you'll never be able to get back
you get it yeah I mean your virginity
okay it's funny music slash comment time
and yes Electra's I find foot touching
incredibly inappropriate
I find the coldness of other people's
feet is only testimony to how cool the
act is like get some circulation yo and
a boxer I find your comment particularly
offensive CET was Asian
and et was my grandmother so just think
about how that made me feel and art no I
don't think so not I don't think there
are plans to do I don't know that's an
odd question is there an urgent need to
know
