hi so you know what I hate spelling bees
t:e hypocrite that is incorrect
this is not a sperm B competition this
is a karaoke night even more than that
when people touch you when they're
telling a story I just can't believe
people even do things like that to each
other you know yeah I know I'm pretty
disappointed it's okay I remember this
one time when I was at school I was the
worst this guy his name was Andrew he
just great thanks this situation has
just become unnecessarily intimate you
know it's like when people lean in a
whisper something to you and you can
feel their breath on your neck or when a
friend insists that you try their food
off of their spoon like seriously I want
to be in any kind of situation with
anybody where I feel romantic music
could be appropriately playing in the
background and as soon as you commit one
of these crimes I feel like all the fun
in the room dies it's like how I loathe
my friends doing this hey now you have
like an have an eyelash here I'll go
don't I'll get it
just stay still hey blow on it make a
wish I know yes I'm a little bit
psychopathic oh I can't he can I don't
know why I just hate people being all up
in my grill you know it's like back off
buddy personal space I'm off the
internet I'm not used to physical
contact unless it's one hand on the
mouse one hand on Mike yes sir I don't
know how to segue out of this so segue
dad's way segue segues nice so my
travels I also managed to stopover in
New York New York where I participate in
a pretty disgusting hot dog eating
frenzy I also saw a Broadway production
and I played with the snow in Central
Park
it was very mature if you'd like to find
out more it's now on YouTube it's
uploaded on the Lonely Planet YouTube
channel you can find out by clicking
through here or on the link below you
can also tell me if you feel the same
way about people who commit unnecessary
intimate acts you can also commit one
right now both on me pretty hard yeah
let me know and I will see you guys soon
bye okay it's porno music slash comment
time and my mando thanks I'm amazed at
how well a playa man myself
sometimes it turns me on I ask myself
out and then I say no and Jake and bacon
healthy I read spam mail but then I get
upset because even spam mail tells me
not to reply it's and I'm sorry the guy
gave him bread to give the fish I
apologize I had no idea I've been having
nightmares all week about fish with
yeast
illnesses it's been horrible
