hi so you know what I love doing
breakdancing man it's the one that's not
breakdancing i'ma be good lots not
breakdancing but more than that when I'm
walking with somebody and then this
problem comes up I actually think this
way is the quicker way think you're
going a long way I think you do how to
read a map yeah you know what how I go
this way you go that one will see you
get there faster hey NAT no running yeah
like I'm gonna run I obviously know my
ways fast like and then I'm run and I
know that's chaining and stuff but I
mean I never ever got to win things as a
kid so I always try and win these things
win
hey Google Maps took your town I made
you these are dummies 136 bones although
the truth is I'm actually a lot more
unfit than that so it goes down
something like this hey man took a time
I bet you this the man paper man yeah I
know it's immature but it's just
something I've never grown out of like
3d magic I oh it's
there's no picture in the Sun or how I
was given when I see the word sex oh oh
he said sex it out I am Chad the third
dives I was ever written sex to me but
yeah I always get really excited when a
friend challenges me to find a quicker
path it's like huh I could win this one
although to be fair that scenario only
happens about once every two years so
Bolin regulars when this happens oh the
bear yeah I rocket 3d magic a lady's
getting line I put it in my online
profile now I've also been online by the
way in Banas Ares and it has been
amazing I've been consuming more cows
and McDonald's and seeing some really
interesting mullet action and if you'd
like to find out more about my time in
Buenos Aires you should check out the
learning planet page I've linked in the
description you can watch the new video
read the blog and see the pictures there
in the meantime don't forget to thumb me
let me know if you ever do any kind of
sneaky things to beat your friends and I
will see you guys in a couple of days
but I will beat you there yeah see ya
okay it's fun a music / comment time and
top ug I understand how you feel I'm
married to seven men and three women and
all of them have been amazing in bed and
they don't even know why
and I'm a little bit scared by how many
of you solve problems and pineapples
when I ask for cures I didn't realize
pineapples would feet just so heavily
although at least you're not like this
poor person you asked someone called
uncle Pablo to take away their hiccups
do you need help toaster girl have you
been kidnapped by uncle Pablo is it
uncle Pablo touch you and hells yeah I
am but hey if the Pirates stop paying me
I'd stop being one BAM
how's that for an answer
