hi so you know what confuses me people
who can't swallow pills properly hmm I
can't swallow it's not going down you're
a disgrace but even more than that when
people give you really strange kills for
things ah what something in my eye
Oh blink your eye a lot like this it's
not working that's not working okay open
your eye and then look around in circles
yeah that I mean I like that they work
but I don't like how will they are like
that I mean why do I have to be reduced
to this this is awkward why is nobody
come up with any kind of awesome
superhero adventure solution see I'd
love it to go down like this ah what
something in my eye yeah take the scroll
find the blue wizard and give it to him
then when he takes it to the cave give
him this leaf of goodness he'll know
what to do
I'll complete this mission good luck but
I think I'd just like any situation to
go down like this man I think bubble gum
in my hair oh here take further he'll
take you to me look we gotta go now
I'd like it even more to go down like
this oh man
I have to be his headache really yeah
here hmm oh my god you just stabbed my
thigh let that bleed when it blades drip
into this glass and take it full sip of
it and take my friend Frodo
he'll thank you to middle-earth wait I
thought Frodo was for bubble gum in the
hair yeah he just really needs someone
to take do you guys have any interesting
killers please let me know because I
love hearing them it's like they always
just sound your rationals like my mother
every time I have a cold she comes up to
move this crazy honey ginger drink thing
and there's like drink this you'll feel
better but she also said that whenever I
have pimples I think she just likes to
get rid of the honey in the house
although speaking of cold I've been
joying the incredibly cold weather in
Paris lately I've also been standing on
street corners for a very long time and
trying to avoid dolls and if you'd like
to find out more about my time in Paris
you should check out the Learning Planet
page I've linked in the description you
can watch the new video read the vlog
and see the pictures there in the
meanwhile don't forget to thumb me let
me know your crazy cures and I will see
you guys in a couple of days bye okay
it's funny music / comment time and
high-five Lavigne sometimes I put my hat
on sideways just to know what it feels
like to be cool and from the 90s I guess
and yes I'm sorry the wordings and
questions from the last video were dodgy
to say the least and maze quacks us
although I feel let down like I do every
time someone says knock-knock and I
realize it's just a joke they're not
really here to visit me at all and buddy
I look good from all sides
as long as I'm far away and on a
computer screen preferably from the back
