hi so you know I always believe I can do
it's not a demean walk you're not
moonwalking yes but even more foolish
than that whenever I go to a zoo I tend
to believe that all animals respond to
having their species name call at them
I have a few techniques actually I also
have the all animals are like dogs and
respond to whistles technique there's
also the technique and my favorite is
that this is what I think you sound like
technique do you think animals get
offended like do you think they have
names that they prefer to be called hey
meerkat me and cat she talked to me my
name is Johanna my name is Johanna I
feel bad for them and what do people
expect to happen like what would happen
if an animal actually did return your
call hey donkey donkey oh my god
the donkey just looked at me oh man I am
writing home about this one because that
one off the list and now I can achieve
something in my life it's bizarre I do
feel bad though because I'm very guilty
of this at zoos in fact I'm in Singapore
at the moment that was Singapore Zoo
where I've been traumatizing the animals
if you'd like to find out more about my
time in Singapore though where I've been
getting lost in endless shopping malls
trying Singapore slings and seeing some
pretty interesting signs you should
check out the Lonely Planet page I have
linked in the description you can watch
the new video there read the blog and
see the pictures but in the meanwhile
don't forget to thumb me let me know do
you have any secret callings that help
with animals of zoo I like to know I
want to be the center of attention
usually I just walk up and I'm more like
hey zebra check this out yeah see I
managed to get in that one but yeah let
me know and I'll see you in four days
bye okay it's pointing music stash
comment time and thank you for your life
you caught me up I took a holiday to a
special place that makes everyone like
me like everyone else and cowboy one
five six see you're lucky whenever I
approach automatic doors they never open
because I'm so short even automatic
sensors ignore my existence and buddy
t47 even when I'm asleep
boom
