hi so don't know why but every time I'm
in a hotel with large windows
I get seriously creepy ah hello world
whoops
have we
and 23rd floor making photocopies take
that man making photocopies I have no
idea why I do it but I get a really big
kick out of what building do we have
here a big building must be a lot of
people in there hello yes this is she
oh oh I'm sorry I'm sorry I had no idea
that people could see in the windows I'm
so sorry I was just stretching okay
sorry
thank you bye wimps what do you complain
to reception about complain the
reception about this that's a good
minute or two I wasted of your life
telling you how I like to flash people
in hotel rooms I don't even like being
naked usually once I caught a glimpse of
myself in the mirror I teased myself for
days it was horrible but yeah if there
are any weird things that you guys do in
hotel rooms up before you write
obscenities though don't cuz I have to
read the comments I cry sometimes check
out this crazy hotel bed I have to climb
it to get into it it's a whole session
of foreplay it's crazy
but yeah anyway I should let you guys go
really disturbing video I'm sorry about
that don't forget to tune in for days I
will see you then and I will tell you
which crazy City I'm flashing by okay
it's porno music / comment time and a
day me 7 7 7 I always associate actors
with their characters so when I retell a
story to be like and then George Clooney
did this and then Leonardo DiCaprio did
that and blanket double-oh-seven I hear
it's all about gchat and Skype these
days I remember back when I see fuse the
things the air selling was in its prime
them and cord ugh so and Harry marries
Ron bet you guys didn't see that twist
coming her
