hi so I have some really exciting news
to tell you I'm rent no I seriously do
have some exciting news but let me tell
in story form because it makes more
sense basically really recently I
graduated from uni and I was like uh
so I decided going around the world trip
for a few months I call that blending
planet who do the guidebooks and I asked
them if they'd like to help me out
because it's travel I've never done it
before and I have all these little
bruises on my body because I've been
getting all the vaccinations I've had
twelve in total and all up it cost about
$800 which is pretty expensive but I
thought hey that's fine now more noon
and I'm more like yeah man now I can go
out and find some dogs with rabies and
foam everywhere i jus like lick them but
then when I'm getting my injections I
say to the nurse well I guess this means
at least now I can go make out with some
dogs and she says you can't make out
with dogs oh I wasn't actually gonna
make out with dogs I think that's
illegal in most puissant you're not
immune to rabies and as she says this
she's injecting me with the final of
three rabies injections which cost over
three hundred dollars in total and I'm
all like what it just gives you a little
bit more time holy and then she gives me
19 malaria tablets so I say wow 19 well
now I can go make out with the mosquitos
and she's all you can't make out with
mosquitoes I wasn't going to make out
with mosquitoes I I don't even know if
they have lips this is more you're not
immune to malaria those don't make you
immune to malaria what what sorry so
what I'm getting from this is that I'm
eight hundred dollars poor and I can't
make out with dogs or mosquitoes what
are you giving me you know I get it
reduces your chances yeah ya know so I'm
very excited about my trip I actually
have to go and pack because my next
video will actually be in my first
destination so I'm really excited about
that yeah I'll be posting videos on
YouTube regularly still and I'll also be
posting my travel and crazy adventure
videos up on Lonely Planet's Facebook
page and lending planet calm I'll also
be posting a blog and pictures and all
that awesome stuff so please check it
out I'm very excited yeah how cool is
this you guys going to see me doing
physical activity usually I don't do it
at all I just lie back and let it happen
to me BAM no I'm so excited
wish me travel luck I'll see you guys
soon in three days overseas what bye
okay it's Pony music / comment time and
thanks to the creepers out of the Thera
view the few of you who actually pause
to read my video and read the terms
condition
you all freaked me out and I think we
should probably get it on I love this
Pay Pal cutter tell me about it every
time iTunes updates I wonder if I can
ears or something and lonely is our way
of saying sweet in Australia so don't
accept lollies from strangers play hard
to get and tell them you fool you don't
want them thinking easy
