hi so you know what makes me paranoid
words with silent letters but if you
can't hear the letter why is it bad but
more than that when I hear a strange
sound and I can't figure out where it's
coming from
it's like whenever I'm at home by myself
I always worried that I'm hearing
someone break in I'm good because then I
have to participate what I like to call
the what the hell is that sound dance
which is basically when you move and
close all Gridley when following a sound
what is that sound oh wait maybe it's
gone it's gone and I think it's the
combination of looking like a dog who's
heard a high-pitched whistle and talking
to inanimate objects hello hello that
makes me really disconcerted about sound
when I can't identify the source but hey
I get to run off my things at a
childbirth or even it just press down
and I am you know the saddest thing is
though it's childproof but I'm not a
child when I find the source of the
sound
I just can't fix anything so I just go
oh no I think it's a selective thing
though because if it's anything
important I don't hear it at all it's a
sleepy yeah it says you're gonna get
sleepy but it says it's really important
that you don't sleep yeah it says one of
the serious side effects is that you may
become a loser on the internet I forgot
to kiss my gums in my last video as you
pointed out don't get excited
um I was very exciting however to meet
these lovely folks you sent me photos in
I met these lovely girls without waiting
in line to meet a band and then I took
their spot yes I also eat the hearts of
children orphaned children duh I need a
better evil laughing that yeah on that
pleasant note of disappointing love I
will let you go I hope you've been well
I'll see you in three days bye okay it's
funny music side comment time and yes
people who lick pages while turning them
are filthy beings you should be
eradicated and badly 91 you really don't
want to mess with this beast I love how
many of you compared our money to
monopoly money what I'm in the States I
feel like I'm spending photocopy paper
so I spend away too much and she weighs
the equivalent of 500 mice was that the
right answer
