hi so you know what I love doing ruining
someone's knees head you fuck but more
than that I love not giving them things
ha ok sorry someone gives you
oh no ha ha ha ha and somewhere else
amongst that scales I also really enjoy
telling people don't move and then
watching him freak out ok
don't move oh my god what is it oh my
god does this say hello this is why I
can feel it in my hair it's this amazing
technique you can use whenever you want
hey don't move don't move just way
really talk to me talk to me man is it
deadly is it deadly can you tell if it
is deadly stay still I think I just like
causing drama it's like I always go when
I want to fight to break out I'm really
sorry I had no idea what's gonna happen
woo you know what that's right I think
you do I thinking you exactly mad but
what I love about telling somebody don't
move
is that for some reason it's the one
command that people would listen to I'm
going to go and I'm going to get
something I want you to stay so you
don't move don't move
I'll stay about how long I take ok just
stay here
yeah I guess don'tmove is just one of
those things you react to it's like her
whenever I'm out and I hear someone call
my name I think it's my manly mom I'm
only joking she'd never care if she lost
me no seriously action I think she's too
quickened her pace when we were walking
so that she would lose me cuz I'd always
be like there bubbies walking really
fast today I'm gonna lose her why she
keep walking you're not looking back why
does she keep taking me out the forest
in the middle of the day yeah and she'd
be like ah damnation why is this child
still with me no side effects on me yeah
who would have known I would have grown
up with me like oh I think I might make
a wrong today that was attractive I hope
you guys had a really lovely week thank
you to all of you who sent in photos by
the way what I mean all of you I mean
like two of you thanks for that I don't
feel rejected none what is this well why
do I waste my memory on my camera like
this no and also thank you to all of you
who are sent in videos telling me how to
probably Brit paper without scissors you
mean be a savage listen I don't like
this blinking of the paper business it
really disgust me like it disgusts me
I'm so disgusted I don't know if it
occurred to you but licking something
and then giving it to somebody is
disgusting
you're gonna panic oh boy yeah fine I
don't know where your kids grew up
that's foul go buy some scissors they're
less than five bucks and here we see
five dollars seriously if you ever gave
me something that you lick I would punch
you too 2012 no I'm gonna joking I like
getting things that have been licked
that one doesn't even need a punch line
anyway I hope you guys have a wonderful
weekend I'll see you in three days bye
okay it's porno music / comment I'm in
sunny xx three I can't cut straight
either to be honest with you and by the
way thanks to all the people who sent me
screenshots of this moment yeah yeah
thanks felt heaps attractive and smug
the faux stapler or as I like to call it
that I'm too Pavo to get a stapler
method yes I'm very familiar with it
sometimes I bend the paper one way and
then I turned the corner just a little
bit up more like I bend it back and
forth and I feel like it emphasizes how
stupid I am and boom I like to think
that you just thumbed yourself over and
over again take that as you will I'm
sorry it's very hot today
