hi so you know what makes me panic when
people double-click for no real is
double-click now it'll take longer but
more than that when I have to watch
people substitute scissors with
stupidity please don't have things in
that you hand ripped
why because it looked like you tore it
like this ah seriously I think you're a
mad bitch like you ripped the shit out
with your teeth or something don't be
stupid it looks like scissors it's the
same thing you just fold it no one
possesses the skill I do I constantly
feel sorry for teachers because they
must always get flips like that Thank
You Natalie so this is your permission
slip for the excursion ah you know but
like there are just some things you
can't do it's like how I can't draw a
straight line without a ruler in
aperture I think I must found my teacher
felt when she watched me freehand draw
circles okay now look that's more of an
oblong sweetheart locate here's a coin
why don't you trace it okay
okay that's more of an I never passed
fifth grade no that's the end of Maya my
insane rant but let me know are you are
those crazy people who attempted to
complete tasks that obviously need tools
or instruments I'd like to know because
if you're on those people who rip paper
for my sake please stop it drives me
nuts
yeah I know talking about the issues
that matter fighting the big fights
right here
now a quick shadow by the way to these
lovely people who I bumped into Marshall
I apologize for constantly forgetting to
put your phone away and I sincerely
apologize to Samantha and Terry who I
bumped into in some change rooms at a
pool I apologize I noticed that you
didn't ask for a photo you were a little
bit uncomfortable and I think I saw fear
in your eyes that's very understandable
these guns are pretty massive I'm gonna
try and do that in as many videos as I
can but yeah anyway I should probably
proceed with my day I've got a lot of
stuff to do lies that is a lie but hey
I'll see you guys in four days I hope
you have a lovely start to the week bye
okay it's funny music / comment time and
I got to tell you some of the stories
you left in the comments on my last
video had me in stitches so thank you
for that if you have some time I
recommend you go through and read them
and you know what it's highly likely in
fact I put money on it in fact I think I
enjoy drawing it more than I like
looking at it how sick is that
