hi so quite often I receive phone calls
like this hello hello it's quite obvious
that the other person has accidentally
called me while their phone is in their
back pocket or their bag or something
like that I don't know why but I always
insist on listening like I love it I
think it's because I secretly hope that
oh my god they don't have call me maybe
I can hear them talking about me may yet
near enough sex my witness on the guards
in their pocket
maybe it's an epochal while they're
talking about me more than sex I think
it's kind of like when people think
you're asleep so you listen to their
conversations but it never works because
you always end up really upset ya know
she's asleep
coming goodness she always cracks really
shitty journals I gotta you know another
thing I find strange about phone calls
is when you accidentally get
disconnected from a call and you call
the person back and they let it ring out
where did you go in five seconds did you
just throw the phone away when we got
disconnected is your attention span
really that short if we have a
conversation and I pause for a second
will you just walk away although
admittedly I'm probably a little bit
obsessive about phone calls because no
one ever calls me
in fact I admit that sometimes when
people call me I'm so close to my phone
I have to let it ring a couple times so
it doesn't seem like I'm waiting
sometimes I feel like I reveal too much
of my neurotic side on the Internet
see ya let me know do you guys ever do
things like this are more importantly
let me know if you've ever heard
anything interesting up worth reporting
on the other end when a friend has
accidentally called you I'm getting
really embarrassed now because I
remember that once I call the friend
back when they accidentally called me
even though I knew that they had done it
by mistake just because I wanted some
conversation but hey that's me somebody
is bound to call maybe even a
telemarketer hey by the way it's been
three days you've got to give it to me
that's the first promise I've delivered
on in a long time
that makes you my best friend hey we
keep going we could be an internet
relationship might have to ASL here soon
you have an a is a little long time do
you like how that was the past time my
not used to ASL back in the day back in
the MSN days now it's so good anyway
don't forget to subscribe I'll have a
new video up in three days don't forget
to leave a mean message you don't forget
to thumb me that was rude
like no shit rubbing my clothes against
the microphone is the most action I've
had in a long time okay it's pointing
music slash comment time and how's this
for you guys the Leprechaun in my head
actually subscribed to Justin Bieber and
that hurt and what this shit oh my god
I'm Sam her eye does not look like a
rocket ship and that is clearly a purse
not a tissue box if you can't recognize
art that is not my fault and Yara I'll
pay that my house is pretty much just me
not painting the corners because I can't
find sticky tape at the time and I'm
very lazy I don't want to let you know
how many of my clothing items contain
staples but hey it makes that really
cool popping sound when I get undressed
