hi I apologize for the delay to make up
for it look he's bad visual effect the
makeup route no sir I apologize I've
been wasting my time on Facebook being
an asshole and inappropriately liking
statuses Sara is now single oh my god
cheering Cory be dating for like six
years like dum de dum de dum darn is
happy who cares if you're happy Aaron
broke Aaron broke a leg rock climbing
wow those hurt like don't it underdone
oh sure one feels like shit that's
pretty sad like what that feels like
good I wish you could double like I
don't know why I get a real kick out of
it but hey I'm a moron I also get a kick
out of chocolate money hey hey dude look
damn good money really you one of those
people who like chocolate money well
what's there not to like about chocolate
money I don't know I just don't
understand the appeal what are you
talking about it's two good things in
one yeah but it's just shit chocolate
and not actually money you know what
you're a killjoy you're a loser
I'm you and you're a loser on the
Internet alright well settle down we'll
just leave it there no I apologize what
actually happened was this gnarly
disease-ridden woman on a train who kind
of looked like this now I'm and now a
disease-ridden woman on a train came up
and coughed all over me and made me
incredibly ill for over a week and that
makes her the seventh woman this year
who I have contracted something from
take that as you will know I apologize I
know I said I would make it a video soon
however I've also been working on a
project which I can tell you about very
soon which means that I will be updating
very regularly once again so stay with
me and I'll be able to tell you that
soon thank you to all the people on
Facebook by the way I posted up on my
Facebook page asking who would let me
use their pictures and a whole bunch of
you said yes so thank you I'm sorry I
couldn't use all of you thank you for
your pictures and thank you to these
sexy folk for sending their pictures in
I know that you're not all the people
I've taken photos with so I'm a little
bit cut but thank you to you I like you
more and I really like touching your
lower backs when you come in for photos
it's nice no thank you I'm sorry I
promise this time I promise no gnarly
women coming up to me on a train I will
post up a video in three days and you
know that's true because I've just
noticed that Justin Bieber is above me
on YouTube and you know when you suck
online
you really suck not an adult nah fuck
I'm an ally disease I'm not a disease
mom and daddy doesn't do shit yeah okay
it's funny music / comment Taemin CLN go
go what upsets me is that so many people
compare me to their periods but never
once does anyone suggest that I have
also been taken away by a man and Markus
I'm glad to hear the IU ok Dame video
made you feel all could wait till you
see my are you okay dance and you know
what sure absolutely yet I was her body
double
