hi now because I'm awkward I quite often
experience moments like the hover it's
basically when you're trying to comfort
somebody and you don't know if it's
appropriate or not to touch them so you
just kind of awkwardly hover your hand
around their back and give them kind of
air Pat's on the back I guess and
sometimes I'm pushing the creeper factor
I even Pat them on the head don't do
that though I don't recommend it it
really confuses people and it makes you
that but basically these are awkward
moments I'm happy to experience over and
over again because it's incredibly
important to let people know that you
care now today is are you okay day and
it's a day that encourages you to talk
to people who you know friends family
work colleagues people you go to school
with anybody really and just ask them
how they're going ask them if they're
okay people tend to hide how they're
feeling probably because they want to
avoid moments like this did you just Pat
me on the head like a dog just but it's
important not to let these people deal
with the problems themselves small
problems can grow into big ones or seem
like big ones every year in Australia up
to 65,000 people trying to take their
own lives and basically are you okay day
is trying to get you to connect with all
the people around you will let them know
that they're not alone and that there
are people who care I mean let's face it
what's the worst that can happen
wow this is kind of like the time you
ate my food when I wasn't in the room
don't touch my head again yeah no no
it's cool right but on the outside you
might have helped out somebody who you
care about so today's video is my
awkward way of asking you to embrace the
awkward to an hugger down come on man do
and hug it out no and let the people who
you care about know that there's
somebody to talk to just in case I hope
you guys are all well I'll see you soon
I'll have a new video up in three days
take care bye
