hi sorry I'm a little bit upset today I
just broke up with iron man I just think
it would be better if we saw other
people for them other people what are
you talking about I just there are so
many things that we just did you just
annoy me so much like what what do I um
you're really selfish selfish I wasn't
done yet
you're obnoxious sometimes I'm not good
hey there you go movie with me all right
and you just really it's disgusting
you're so grabby they didn't look ready
at all we talking about come on I'm not
that I don't like when you do that it
has been the worst breakup ever
but on the upside he left his armor
there and I've been wearing it and I've
been having the best time ever
then pining coz I'm Iron Man it's funny
ah
nachos nachos nodules in my tummy you
ever make those songs up with fury Kenan
oh my god I hope they dry I hate it when
you bring in clothes and a dam and I
sting people why my parents of
tight-asses who even owns a watering
camera and get a hose or something yeah
and I actually have to say thank you to
Jonathan for letting me have a go in the
Ironman costume I tried to wear it
myself but I didn't quite fit so I got
really excited when I got told I could
use the Ironman costume but
unfortunately because I'm only about
five foot one I can't fit in it as you
can see this is really hurting me too
yeah thank you that was really
flattering so I had to enlist the help
of my body double row and so thank you
very much for helping me out and know
that I had so much fun so I just had to
make a video how often do you get to
play with the Ironman costume but yet
I'll put up a regular video very soon
couple of days and I will see you guys
then bye Daksha sometimes I'm not good
 you're funny you're selfish stop it
grab me all the time I love Bobby
does your I am mad okay so a bit grabby
sometimes baby I'm not crabby at all way
cool okay okay so mom oh I'm so happy
it's funny I am wrestling you alright oh
okay it spawning music / comment time
and yes I also use the foot to press
buttons and pick up items located on the
floor and frost Nova that's hilarious I
absolutely use my head as a calculator
and calendar as well and listen man I'm
not gonna lie to you I've seen this
done and people like you freak me out
it's really weird don't do it don't clap
your flamin hand at me you freak
