hi so I'm pretty impatient and I've
never been out to prove it but I'm a big
believer in if you stare at things they
work faster
come on toaster come on come on come on
come on come on
just do what I want come on and work now
okay
I knew that wasn't it away it's a school
of thought you can apply too many things
see I also believe that if you press
buttons more things work faster just do
what I want and I don't know why but I
honestly believe like I've been
contributing to the process I'm being
more effective
it's like when I chat to friends online
if I'm angry at them I type really
really hard and hit enter because I
believe pressing kids harder makes your
friends know you're angry I don't know
what time I'll rock up tomorrow god
she's so unreliable well what time do
you think approximately so I can book
she'll know I'm pissed off as I hit the
enter key hard but hey I'm neurotic
you're not neurotic don't tell her what
she isn't watching yeah no seriously
though I don't know why but in my head
I'm like a technology like buff it's
like for some reason I honestly believe
it's a conspiracy that you need to know
how technology works because if you
really want to fix things just scream at
them it's like with my computer freezes
I just move the mouse and scream come on
come on come come on it works does with
other people but yeah no seriously I
have no idea why I'm so crazy but hey if
you've stuck this long I have a little
bit of a treat for you I'm gonna flash
it a little bit more crazy if you stick
to the end of this video there'll be an
annotation for for a secret unlisted
video that doesn't show up in
subscription boxes that's my way of
thanking you for sticking with me this
far so the cool little feature I'm
hoping to integrate like porno music
slash comment time and hey maybe other
youtubers can steal that one as well
right am i right come on mine's been
around for ages is much more mature and
sexy it's like a cougar but ya know
thank you for sticking by me and not
leaving me it's really appreciated I'm
not used to it every my parents don't
leave me don't kick me out of the house
I let them out of the basement for five
minutes come on you can have some food
now nice and joke about that crazy
people I actually do that people who
like watch the internet and stuff did
you hear that
okay it's porno music / comment I'm an
AG master beat well I like the way you
think I ignored the grading system
myself my teachers always gave me high
effort grades but my like low
achievement grades and I don't like how
that comes across and miss gorilla girl
yep
that's like when I see people's emotes a
nobody loves me I always liked those
ones and thank you thank you for this I
am really really excited I don't know
what to say now I actually have no words
