hi so sometimes I think I'm a little bit
selfish but then you mango flavor and
try to put I wasn't gonna ask you if I
could have but then I see safety
evacuation cards and I realize I am a
lot more selfish than I originally
thought I mean as if I'm just going to
embrace the position I'd be you're like
this is balls we're gonna die
embrace the safety position dude why so
we end up like Bob hello anybody dude
save your position
yeah well safety position this pal oh
yeah safe position didn't help you there
and did it we never an escape plan
like what follow me bow-bow bow-bow let
me drive this thing you know to pilot
poe oh my god I can't believe you saved
everyone you're so awesome bow bring me
a baby to sacrifice umm yeah dude I'm
just gonna stay in the safety position
this is balls man I think I shouldn't
joke evacuation plans are very important
don't worry I will embrace the safety
position I like having my head between
knees that setup was too easy
I'll let that one slide but no I
shouldn't joke about being on planes and
not doing what they tell me to I have
the Phoenix on my girlfriend you know a
visor of some sort it will end up being
I'm sorry your visa applications being
rejected yeah so I'm only joking I will
do what everyone else does I will float
in the water with my life vest ferry
know why but I'm a lot hotter in cartoon
form this is a strange question for you
have you ever noticed how sometimes they
draw very sexual kind of cartoon
characters I don't know why I'm not
quite sure how I meant to react because
there are hot real people but then you
present me with this ideal and I don't
know I know I shouldn't be but there's
something happening my parents and I
feel an attraction it's like every time
I Drive positive school I'm sorry your
parole application has been rejected
there are certain subjects it just can't
make jokes about without people get an
uncomfortable hey but anyway I've been
thinking about what my last moments on a
plane would be if I were to go down like
that I mean try to think about what I
would say or how I would act I think I
would just be really upset because
chances I would have picked a really
shitty movie that was too embarrassed to
hire out at a video store and I would be
watching I'd be thinking God dad I wish
I had died something better than this
yeah let me know what would your last
actions be here between knees kissing
your ass good-bye
I don't know on that charming
I will see you guys soon I hope you will
buy okay it's funny music / comment time
and yes tell some most people respond to
all my pickup line stop let me touch you
stop bend over stop people like to play
hard-to-get I don't know and Alvan on
you should force-feed the milk for a few
months where you grow them in your
basement and is it just randomly another
gap removing higher chances and I don't
usually dinkler period jokes but I'll
pay this one mainly because it means
you're old enough to start reproducing
which means we should hook up
