hi so I don't mean to be rude but people
who believe in stars like that fucking
crazy what stars are you um I'm a Leo I
think oh my god that makes total sense
Leo's totally get along with virgos
we've got no wonder my friends were
friends and I don't mean to be a bitch
it's just that to meet people who
believe in star signs I like people who
collect candles or figurines of dolphins
they're crazy they're people who wear
flares and say shit like aura
yeah and I feel bad because I judge them
immediately and I know this because was
my birthday recently and every time some
would say that means that you're leo
that's amazing it was like bad
unfriended and I don't have enough
friends to keep doing that I'm serious
but it's just like every time I open up
the newspaper I'm like really a whole
frakkin page dedicated to this shit that
whole section there is a waste of space
that could be used for anything else I'm
just saying it's like every time a
friend used to sit opposite me and go on
your ideal date would you a go to the
movies or B go for a walk in the beach
and that's when we decided the only
friends worth keeping were the ones in
her mind no I'm only joking
I am only joking that rat was a joke if
you believe in stars lines that's cool
that's your business
um unless you collect dolphins in which
case ship between us is open Oh again
that's true I really have the Phantom
enthusiast every time I come over
somebody's house and they've got a
collection or something unless it's
children's teeth I'm really impressed
I'm like oh wow I wish I liked something
an optical I don't know the only thing I
get to collect um are these photos from
these lovely people who I've logged into
now I apologize I have so many of these
that I haven't put into videos because
I've been really select the past couple
months so if your picture isn't there I
probably misplaced it please resend it
in and I'll pop it in a video so you
send me an email with your photo I'll
send you back a reply going you look
pretty hot and you got any others you'll
send me back why not go just a little
bit more you'll send me back when you
say please stop it this is inappropriate
I'll send you one back and uh I just
keep getting carried away with myself we
go okay it's Pony music / comment time
in one day I will find all of you who
make fun of my accent and I will mine by
due to my party and Dutch MV I don't
know what you want what you want man it
was broken or did it or did it
redditor that that and that's a lot
harder to sing although old people have
their lot and it wasn't Hitler it was an
old woman come on you think I was an
awesome and roaring and thank you I will
keep this in mind I sincerely thank you
for your advice
