hi so I was on the train the other day
reading a magazine I feel some titus
behind me reading on my shoulder so I
turned the page just so they don't get
to read the rest when you get this phone
call hello oh hello is Krystal there no
sorry wrong number
oh really each dish Oh for shit a chef
and sure why do people do this it's not
like if the digits are the same it'll be
like poof oh here's Krystal one eight
three nine shit no I'm sorry oh how odd
I could have sworn I brush the numbers
dip the crystal gave me yeah it's crazy
grandpa write it down and copyright that
shit before someone steals our story
anyway if we hang up and not more than a
minute later the phone rings again hello
uh hello it's me again
I wonder what keeps going wrong how
funny is that it's twice now that I've
pressed the numbers and it's paying you
everything yeah we like the real life
notebook man it's just so strange cuz
I've got a schwa ah
now at first I just felt bad for the guy
but then I was like wait a minute
fuck this why do all people get away
with talking so much shit I mean imagine
him I walked up to the weather man was
like oh hey I thought I was gonna rain
today oh yeah sorry I didn't yeah but I
thought it was do you think he'd care I
mean I don't think so analyse the
weather man holds some responsibility
for my situation it's not like I gave
the old guy crystals number so if I went
up to the weather man was like hey are
my shampoo isn't delivering the desired
result uh and the worst thing is this
old guy probably has made his dates but
we're gonna hang up the phone call his
friend from bowling Emile oh and gage
what happened today what's that I called
Shum on it which is a wrong number
no kidding yeah we're just something
else to tell you no kidding and then I
saw a bird and then I bought some shit
off eBay I'm only joking I love old
people they give you their money when
they die
joking oh no sorry it's it I wanted to
apologize to the UM for the lack of
videos lately you can't be angry at me
though today I've done this very
strategically because today is my
birthday and you can't be angry
on their birthday unless you're my
parents and I came out and you were like
I told you that we should have been more
careful you know this shit happens and
I'm only joking they're really happy I'm
around
I don't know today's my birthday don't
worry the massive party has ended before
him it was a really big party all my
friends were here like a hundred of them
yeah - um I would say thank you to Helen
who gave me that lease she gave me some
shirts from the office and massive
office manager giving my Dwight bobble
head there I was really excited and I
promised he had done that I would open
up their present for the camera so here
we go
nice moving good that's open okay it's
almost Lee Pratt I'm very impressed
ten points you only give people presents
in the shaker and you're like that ship
was expensive and fragile yo I don't
actually speak like that I wouldn't have
a poster but ah sorry I wanted to read
this did we talk about this thank you
I'll be cooking every single I won't
I will flick through every single
picture in this recipe book while I eat
shit food and I will think about how
awesome it was if I had the time or the
energy to make this I have the time I
just I'm lazy food porn and I think
that's the UPN I think maybe you mixed
the cinder blocks thank you so much
actually we should watch these in our
pajamas together does that sound sleazy
good there's no reference there oh I
missed VidCon did you guys have a good
time at VidCon I hope you did I'm very
jealous that I didn't get a schedule
just like VidCon oh thank you I want to
give you a virtual hug but I was just
gonna hug myself but that's just really
satisfying and shit will get weird thank
you so much I'm going to go because the
party's happening yeah no I'll come over
we'll do some lines it'll be I missed
you guys and um in my previous video
thank you for the 30,000 comments on
scrolling comments I was
really kind of petrified to realize how
easily abused you were so like a guy's a
shiny thing
but I realized you one right here so I
guess you're easily
