welcome to learn Spanish lesson 1
imagine you're in a building you meet a
nice man in the corridor he says hello
by saying Ola Ola this means hello you
can say hello back by saying Ola try it
hola he smiles and asks how are you
como estas you can reply with I'm good
thanks by saying bien gracias good
gracias just say he likes you
he asks you if you're free after work is
that uncle/father this Winston trabajo
you say I'm sorry I'm busy tonight which
is lo siento estoy ocupada esta noche oh
I'm sorry
would you like to go out with him yeah
yeah I'd like to go out sometimes too
okay I I would love to have my own fun
scenario with strangers in a foreign
country too what if I take this guy away
from you you get shot and you scream
what oh my god one man runs up to you
and asks where is the library police I
do think I tell him I took an are you
with a librarian it's down the street
todo rekt oh poor a Sakai are you
serious the burglar kicks you for
answering too slowly
oh you hear a baby cry dance
what dance for me like a monkey you'll
see oh oh no you get shot again for
disobeying what oh my god or he leaves
the burglar takes your phone and wallet
wait you get naked
you know now I think about I never did
well in Spanish class big Madre is my
mother s camara e tu Padre my pod mi
padre s Camero también y tu hermano
Miguel Maia is chimera tambien hmm in
the result de aquella teleca's SOI
Carrera don't know be best la biblioteca
mm-hmm
what was on your skin is siete come on
Thomas necesito un médico needless to
say I just continued my studies in
Spanish yeah it wasn't as big a part of
my degree in the end as I had originally
hoped it to be I never got that PhD in
linguistics but have you got any fond
memories of learning language if you do
let me know otherwise if you think that
there's a compulsory phrase one must
learn when learning a language let me
know what you think it is because I'm
certain there's one sentence out there
and if you learn it like should you low
in every language you will be okay like
you should be able to survive for me at
the moment I think the phrase is may I
have something to drink because your
body can last for a long time I've just
liquids like that survival skill I mean
heaven knows I'd survive just off the
sweat beads off your mum's next four
weeks okay it's one amazing slash common
time and this absolutely but thanks for
watching my last two videos guys despite
the fact that they were just pretty much
just images and audio they got beat up
on a lot of blogs and I really like
which just goes to prove that if my face
isn't in anything success rate for it is
a lot higher and yeah I really love
leave a comments thank you for that I
think I might be jealous that I can't do
the Swedish it and buddy if you come
back to me when you're legal
I will tell me what all of this is about
