hi so I may not be the best of
technology two three wait why isn't it
working it's just Oh sir it's on video
modes and one more one of the things I
do love is how in movies hackers always
have these incredibly impossible systems
but we're seeing what we can find a hard
drive Annie how's it going let's just
say this is the most complicated system
I see in a long time here take me about
six hours to crack
we're in film time that's about two
minutes in the montage out of curiosity
where's all the stupid stuff people do
on computers like just once I'd love it
to go down like this it's already an
hour running time into the movie where
are we going to show this hold on what
is all sorry I was playing online
Scrabble there's not a word
hey ki that is not a word buddy it's not
a word you may please yeah achoo aah you
want to chew wait I didn't just read you
I'm gonna go oh yeah what do you have
gonna have to tell Tom we're gonna have
to delay these from up ah oh oh yeah
there's ads that come and they're like
click the bunny he would've thousand
dollars you may get paid a lot but I
don't so sir
I also love how they solve all these
mysteries by using Photoshop contrast or
sharpening if only we could just pick up
the face we can figure out who the motor
is you know what I'll just use Photoshop
and up the contrast we'll be able to
figure out this entire crime we have
such technology it's incredible the
thing that we thing about hackers those
I wouldn't saw the movie the go of the
Dragon Tattoo and the girl in it is a
hacker and she's doing all this crazy
stuff on her Mac and there's also Mark
Wahlberg in date night who was doing it
when Saul those two films oh and I saw
he cast kick-ass was incredible as well
yeah I've been busy
boom three ah now it's at a memory on a
serious note though the reason that I
had a bit of a break from videos was
because I had a couple of assignments I
needed to get done so be it
one two dose out of battery and also
I've got a lot of feedback from you guys
saying that three videos a week was a
little bit too much you're tiring of
this face I understand completely
because my mum sometimes they come home
which is like really god it's another
day already so I get it
yeah that a couple people felt they'll
being a bit rushed so I'm gonna whine
about dad
two videos a week we'll see how we go
from there you don't tire of this month
and you should email me and maybe we can
catch up because I just I'm getting so
lonely yeah no I'll see you guys sing
bye oh sorry I was playing online
Scrabble not a word hey hey that is not
a word it's gonna take a long time to
crack in real life yeah in real time
no it's just a lot of bashing of buttons
and we're in
