hi so I don't know why but every time I
see police I panic a James Bond
like--they Moyes plays in my head I talk
to myself
casual swagger nap brewing a casual
swagger act I'm suspicious don't let her
find out find out what I don't know
because I do nothing oh my god she's
looking panic panic ah that was close
otherwise she would have found out that
you've never done anything called in
your life yeah it's like when I get
stopped at airports for random drug
tests I always am legitimately concerned
that the screen is going to say that
it's positive
I think it's an instinctive thing from
childhood because every time I see an
authority figure I always assume that
I've done something wrong yeah I don't
know I even act guilty when I'm not let
me know you guys do the same thing and
sorry just to clarify for my last video
my Wade back video I got a couple of
comments and messages I just want to let
you know if my friend did I do something
or say something that appears obnoxious
we're not actually doing it to be
obnoxious we're doing it to laugh at the
absurdity of the act if that makes any
sense
so for example when I say the phrase do
you guys in the pants I don't actually
find in the pants a funny phrase I find
idiots who say in the pants funny it
makes sense so when we were yelling out
the car window we weren't doing it
because we actually think that's a very
funny thing to do it's kind of annoying
we were doing it because it's funny to
laugh at whom to do it makes sense
I hope so so when my friend yelled it
means she's like I don't know how to
pump petrol she was saying that to make
me laugh not because she's a brat I hope
that makes it I mean look at this face
do I really look like an obnoxious bitch
you know what don't answer that
rewind undo yeah high-five no okay I'll
see you guys in three days have a good
weekend okay it's boring music / comment
time and yeah I really love it I feel
bad when you give people really crappy
gifts but they appreciate it so much it
makes me feel like I really should have
spent the extra fifty dollars and I
don't know why so many of you asked me
what bold caps were you should go out
and get some
because I'll bring a lot of joy into
your life and it upset me more than a
lot of you asked what ball caps were
even though the title clearly said bald
and you
that's that's mean that is mega bitch
but that's kind of funny you know in in
the Mean Girls why you so obsessed with
me way yeah I don't know I think I'm
just failing at everything at the moment
