hi you don't be a job being the
Google Streetview guy
no Mickie Jay please are they indeed
neighbor I'm serious almost Shiva plans
of it when we do these are pretty high
Toby
wrong way and no I'm a little bit of a
straight new weirdo though I call it my
friends I'm like hey hey hey ma'am there
is a red car parked right in Prairie
Matt Matt listen to me listen to me
we've been through this before this is
street view street view is not
live-streaming it's just captured once
and it's not updated for ages okay
the red car is not outside my house
anymore dude we've been through this we
went through this last week did we hey
hey there is a red car parked right in
front of your house right now hi
Mandarin I did see the Google cars
though once you know what the cameras
that do the street view I got really
excited I wanted to run after it but was
an ice-cream truck so my heart was torn
though I did feel the same excitement I
feel when I see wet cement you know I
made the elderly some kind of juvenile
impression yeah yeah it didn't happen
though though I've had friends who were
brought after Google street cars in hope
that somewhere out in the world and the
update a street view was of them running
yeah
we aim high um let me know if you've had
it's a bit of a stretch but have you
seen any funny things on street view let
me know because I've been to parties
where people like chortle chortle
chortle web figment of your imagination
at the you know go to parties though
really they've been like um yes no I was
once browsing street view because they
hold cups and I saw a man passed out on
a gutter I was like I am I am never I
call I've never seen anything
interesting on street view they'll let
me know apparently there is a lot of
awkward moments captured on film this
being one of them I will let you guys go
have a lovely weekend I'll see you in
three days
bye okay it's porno music / comment
Taemin yeah I love it when people
preface a secret like that don't let
anyone else know it is because I've only
told them already and that was the good
you know that was what's known as
buffering I'm a little bit concerned I
just want you to know I'm also not
responsible for light or the climate
just putting that out there and what are
you talking about I I make ice cubes in
ice trays does it does no one else do
that anymore I have up longer in my last
video I was like who uses a closed light
anymore I do
and don't use dries too often they
consume a lot of energy they're really
bad and yeah Tesla is more attractive
because Tesla is a bitchface and people
like bitch phases
