hi so I always get really excited when
someone says hey if I tell you something
can you promise to give the secret oh my
god a secret I love secrets wait don't
smile act serious let her trust you
so we're gonna tell everybody about this
yeah of course what's up I'm serious you
can't tell anyone this Who am I gonna
tell I'm like everybody Ryan William I
can smile that includes Ryan and Kelly
and mine the bitch can read minds when
my thinking can you where I'm thinking
Bluff I'm not gonna tell anyone okay
well I had this massive vote oh my god I
totally Dave and say I promise I said
I'm not gonna tell anyone which is a
promise I don't actually tell other
people's secrets don't worry though I do
get concerned when someone comes up to
me and says hey hey hey bye to your
secret do you promise you won't tell
anyone else cause I already promised I
wouldn't tell anyone doesn't that mean
that you're breaking your word yeah I
tell you anyway just let me check my
phone's off because then you think about
all the times you've told them a secret
and how you hope it didn't go down like
this you know I really think you
shouldn't tell me if someone asked
probably Amanda ate cat food by accident
now who else is that that wasn't some
man me I'm only joking I've never eaten
cat food Dre over the din um yeah my
last video asked you guys to send in
some complaints about retail the most
common one I received was about being
followed by sales staff I'm going to use
Tesla the sales system to help me
explain Tessa why do people get followed
in shops because people steal their
stingy shouldn't you just let people
browse she doesn't get a new face or
something you know how many people steal
stuff in shop zone fight and they think
that I'm like really dumb and I can't
see them hey tight-ass whatever like 75%
of people crazy does that mean that
you're judging people who walk in I
don't really have the time to get their
facebook details from them and be
friends with them so I'm just gonna have
to play it safe
it's true though bitches be crazy I
can't even tell you how many times I've
had to stop people having sex in change
rooms but he's topless don't I have to
clean up after you the amount of times I
think dealt like had someone naked just
talking to me because they feel that's
funny or something I am not immune to
Nicki but I feel this deserves its own
video so I'll let you go just trust
when you work in customer service you'll
realize that everyone is a potential
lunatic and I mean that but yeah um I'm
gonna leave you guys I'll see you in two
days
but have a lovely week I'll see you soon
okay it's quite a music slash comment
I'm and yeah did you like it
I will another one in this video just
for you and I feel bad now I woke up to
salespeople sometimes and when it's
raining and I'll say hey nice weather
for a picnic I'll stop doing that now
and that is my my favorite quotes
actually why why you so obsessed and
never gets all to me yeah well your face
is a shirt
