hi so a friend introduced me to this you
know when you're caught wearing a shirt
two days in a row no I'm pretty sure
you're wearing it yesterday no one can
actually say that through talk to the
shirt man talk to the shirt it's funny
not a funny shirt man oh it's funny it
is a funny shirt apparently there are
two ways of going about it the first is
that I wash every night argument I wash
all my clothes every night ah I didn't
think you did I did yeah no I don't
think you did what is this murder
Schubert I wash my clothes I'm not dirty
like yeah I'm sorry man I wish I could
talk to you right now but I guess I
can't concentrate over the smell and the
second is that no really I own like five
of these argument oh yeah I own like
five of these I don't think you do I do
oh you lied about having a boyfriend and
I have a boyfriend he's just busy all
the time
okay KCM they're not here at the moment
there's somewhere else I left them at a
friend's house your boyfriend's house oh
not with this I have one he's big if
you've ever used either line of argument
please let me know I'd be curious to see
how many people guilty of doing so also
in my previous video I received a lot of
criticism aimed towards the retail world
and retail staff now as a retail girl
who's done clothing and makeup and all
of that jazz I feel I could defend some
of these claims let me know if you have
any you know kind of criticisms or
theories about the retail world and I
will address these in my next video
because that is customer service no I
will let you know leave it down there I
will oh I can defend retail I can do
that I can and yeah also I'm trying to
make one video a week slightly different
probably more casual would be good if
you've got any suggestions leave them
down there for me your mother left
something down there for me once took me
five trips to the chemist and a whole
week to get out of my system okay it's
pointing music slash comment time and
you know what I actually used to work
the build-a-bear so I do feel your pain
and if you think that's bad I used to
have to dress up as the bear I have this
group of boys who followed me around for
the whole day see we're going to keep
kicking you until we kick you in the
balls because they thought I was guy
trust me it was a full day of kicking
laters didn't find the balls at all and
yeah you know what we have to say things
my manager used to give me crazy lines
when I did skincare I'd have to walk up
to people and greet them by saying how
is your skin feeling today someone
called me a creep and I was like yeah I
agree
and yeah that doesn't actually surprise
me at all a tutorial on how to fake
human interaction sounds very much like
me
