hi you know what's annoying you know
what I can't find it it's in the last
spot that you tried but more than that
when somebody comes up to you and says I
had the craziest dream last night really
a dream yeah I really don't care but
you're looking at me alright I'll take
the bait what happened oh well um
basically I went to dinner like I do
every single Thursday night but this
time this guy comes up to me he's like
man look surprised oh my god that's
crazy
kula crazy things the whole world was
going to explode if I didn't get the
crystal there that must have been very
stressful for you crazy we have this
crazy helmet and I like hey I am here to
rescue the world to you and you're I'm
saying and to be honest I think it's
because none of the stories ever crazy
enough not even when they tell me I
didn't dream that you and I had sex loss
I don't know about you guys what I have
really messed up dreams I don't tell
anybody
that's because they'll find out about us
abort abort mission never it hurt yeah
now I'm just joking but let me know if
you have had a dream that you think
genuinely think is so messed up and
crazy that it would interest me despite
the fact that it's just a dream let me
know otherwise let me know you've heard
of a dream that impressed you or left
the impression I am intrigued because
I'm not usually interested in stories
that are only interesting if they happen
but they didn't
apart from potential stories of some
action with the Natalie I'll see you
guys in two days ok it's porn music /
comment time and yes I think that that
resentment is the same kind of
resentment you feel if you've ever
thought you know when your friends
beaten you in something ah that's great
but I was way better than you I know
you've thought it and um yeah I think I
was flipping you off because that's what
all the classy ladies do I don't know
I'm sorry about that I just imagine
that's what you do if you win the
lottery and thank you all so much for
jumping at the opportunity show
how closely related I am to Hitler on
Wikipedia that's great and Stephen Fry
by the way is not out of my league
somebody actually managed to do it in a
video response three clicks - Stephen
Fry booyah though I suppose really being
linked to somebody or someone Wikipedia
is very much like being big on YouTube
it's not really an achievement at all
