hi you ever noticed how it's always a
group of really angry factory workers
who win the lottery why does it go down
like this
workers from a local factory when the 2
million dollar lottery draw we're just
one you want some pearls motherfucker
die break your camera doesn't matter cuz
I'll buy you a new one yeah cuz I just
went two million dollars now have one
cuz rich people eat olives man I'm dying
first cash under that I never have to
buy plastic on my head again my hair
everywhere my hair's with G and a M oh I
love this game oh you s Evan y'all just
won the lotto why aren't you happy I
mean god I get happy when I get mail not
for me not for me
Oh letter oh it's a bill yeah no it's
true
call me for you out of curiosity let me
know if you guys ever won the lottery
how would you spend your money think
about it let me know because I've been
thinking about it I think my money would
go towards you me and a hotel room but
all of you and me and a hotel room one
after the know if you're feeling a
little bit creative so let me know how
you know what your news broadcast would
look like hopefully not like this I
envisage mine as being me by myself
because money can't buy you friends
speaking of really awkward things though
I bumped into a really lovely guy and
girl the our girl on Friday and I'm so
sorry you said you were coming back but
we had to move away from the bar and I
hope that wasn't rude I'm sorry about
that I've been feeling really anxious
about it please forgive me I hope you
had a lovely time and at your friend's
birthday party I've never been to a
birthday party no I'll stop being
awkward enjoy your weekend guys and I
will see you in two days
bye okay it's funny music / comment time
and I like that you also reserved ugly
shoes
when you travel I hate here you're my
kind of neurotic call me and you
remember in an old video we talked about
this the no crock symbol on escalators I
tried it out and yes cops get very hot
very quickly I'm gonna say and I like
your Brent's approach to this I respect
that you can't make that shit up I
believe that more than true story it's a
good line and you know I would like to
see proof of this three klicks to Hitler
I would like to see proof but I would
like it more if you could hook me up
with someone cool Stephen Fry Miyazaki
jennifer Love Hewitt's boobs I don't
know
