hi so you know what's strange sensor
lights but more than that how everybody
hates people who wear Crocs I wonder how
that makes them feel yes I am a croc
wearer and I am proud of it I'm not
ashamed to say that I wear them do I get
teased it is a little bit but what's
some teasing when it feels like you're
walking on air buddy
I'm comfortable my feet are comfortable
discrimination mate I could tell you a
story too about discrimination life has
definitely changed me I had about three
friends before good friends I would
consider and now they don't want to be
seen in public with me and you know I'm
a better person for it a better person
with comfortable feet yeah Crocs rock
you add some special effects in there
maybe when I put one hand out you can
have Crocs and with the other hand you
can have rock Crocs Rock we have a
thumbnail for the video so yeah it
intrigues me when people make fun of
croppers I feel really bad especially
when friends make fun of them because I
don't know if you've noticed this but
croc where is often travel impacts you
have the whole family of them so I feel
really bad about it
but yeah let me know if you make fun of
croppers and if you do then let me know
through hypocrite because there's
probably an item of clothing that you
own that you wear just because it's
comfortable despite the fact it's ugly
I wear this face for example not the
best but it does the job let me know and
thank you for your kind comments on my
last video I rate you all a hundred out
of five yeah okay little bit crazy
add some shaking some effects some echo
no I can't come to the Olympic tryouts
with you I'm busy
hi it's morning music / comment time and
yeah I like your method of writing it's
like we're so screwed that numbers
really don't matter anymore and you know
I concur people who use thumbs up at the
same kind of ridiculous people who say
things like true story at the end of
I don't know I don't trust them and I
like that so many people brought up the
hundred and ten percent everything
whenever somebody asked for 110 percent
of my effort I just assumed it meant
that they wanted certain three percent
as opposed to thirty and you know do you
think I look pretty or a year ago you
should have seen me when I was Natalie
Portman I was a stunner
