hi so I don't like getting interrupted
on the phone press for online orders
fine photographer how I should cut my
fingers oh no now I have to listen to
the whole thing again cuz you spoke over
her and I can't hear what she said
thanks and so I get a little bit
irritated when people do this
trust me it's Kim Cattrall in mannequin
anyway look I'll see you Sunday is that
Anna tell her I said hi
why what a waste of everyone's time -
says hi anna says hi back now what
because really now what so recently I
just don't pass on the highs all right
I'm on tell Beth I said hi
sure Oh will I I don't know what you
don't know that look what does that mean
yeah that's a lot oh it's awesome that
you have this thank you so much for
letting me borrow it yeah it's a
collector's so make sure you bring it
back yeah just like you returned my
Alanis Morissette tape what mmm
convenient okay I'll bring it back
tonight see ya hey how was bad yeah good
still no sign of my Ilana's Morissette
dave did you tell her I said hi sure she
says hi back cool yeah whatever
and if you think about it what a waste
of a personal messenger service I mean
could you imagine if back in the day
when they used to employ carrier pigeons
and they used to get actual people to
pass on messages how annoying it would
be if you went to all that effort and
then all you got was something like
you
you
so when you ask someone to personally
pass on a message I feel you need to up
the game that's why I don't pass on
messages that's why but then this
happens
hey are you seeing Beth again yeah I
borrowed a book off her I'm just gonna
return it not that she'd know what
returning was like do you know like 20
years ago she bought a Linus Morissette
tape for me and she never gave it back
you're never gonna get it back just draw
could you give her a hug for me thanks
for bringing it back so quickly thanks
for letting me borrow it and I see you
Thursday
that's all yeah hi I know you didn't
pass on my hello on my hug geez why
didn't you pass them on it's weird to
pass them on have you kept other hellos
and hi-yah like a thousand of them how
many times have you done this have you
kept her losen hides from me like a
thousand of them but those are my hellos
and hugs how would you like it if I
didn't tell you stuff I would I would
love it because it would mean I wouldn't
have two boring conversations like these
and that is an interesting concept right
those hellos don't belong to me
technically so by not passing them on am
i stealing them ha and this is the hello
that Beth passed attached but now she'll
never know Matt is this where you keep
all your hellos is this a hello from
Julia to me crazy
hi - I said hi Amanda said hello to me
so what Amanda died I kept all these
hellos from people and it never made any
difference you all thought you were
having conversations with each other but
you worked and the world kept going the
world kept going ha ha ha
there my hellos and the more my friend
kept saying this the more I kept
thinking I never not pass on other
things all right I'm on hey ah now
there's 5 bucks on the table could you
give that to Beth sort of but not really
but I see you Thursday yeah I see you
Thursday I'm off to buy me a five-dollar
mango that's an expensive mango yeah
well they 2 for 5 so I'll have to I'll
have two mangoes oh hey - interesting
call with Beth she don't got no money I
say to her I gave you some money she
said she don't got it I don't got it
so where's the money look I'll pay you
back as soon as I have the money I'm
really sorry I forgot I withdrew 5 bucks
earlier he go and if I had to pay back
all their hellos and hugs well that's a
long sentence
Heys hash had an interesting call with
Beth she said she didn't get no hello I
passed on a hello gave it to you
where's her hello okay look I owe you a
couple of highs Lucy says hi Kristen
says hi Monica says hi here's a hug from
Abby that was from like two weeks ago
he's a hug from Amanda everyone's really
weird about it cuz she died anyway I
know what you're thinking this video was
a little bit weird to watch and my
sincerest apologies anyway I hope your
weeks have been rad
you know who's rad me bring him back the
word rad I've never brought anything
back in fact I probably scare things
away anyway you know who is red though
these lovely people thank you so much
for sending in your photos and thank you
for saying hi it's always awesome to
meet you guys I know I always say the
same line but it is just lovely to meet
you guys especially when I'm with my
friends cuz then I'm like you see guys I
could have other friends other people
like me no please don't stop being my
friends they don't watch my videos all
good anyway hope you guys are well don't
forget to subscribe for new videos that
adhere to a very strict upload schedule
and do something lovely for someone and
then brag about it because then you've
done something great anyway now it's
porno music / comment time and as many
of you pointed out in my last video yes
I completely screwed up the name of one
of the characters and switched it so if
you missed it
hello hey NAT it's Beth help and then
later it became
hello net hey sorry the phone keeps
cutting out of nope nope Hannah Hannah
listen to me yep I'm hanging up on you
Hannah because you're boring and I
really enjoy that some of you well a lot
of you actually worked at telemarketing
jobs and kind of gave me the idea of but
you know a little bit of variety
happening in there yup
gotcha love it guys and a bit of spice
on the telephone old person hand
movements and I know this sounds crazy
but somebody asked me this in real life
as well and now I'm really paranoid that
my ears are lowering maybe my head is
getting bigger and I don't know this is
concerning me
I have the feeling my nose is getting
bigger my ego is
