hi so you know what's confusing aspiring
can you no no dude it's an approach of
the show the buy-in the TV it's the TV
but more than that when they only test
out one side of people in infomercials
how does that work out my name is Alicia
and I am an infomercial model and
currently I'm working on the 61 bronzing
powder and it's certainly not a job for
everyone every now and then I get made
fun of you've never respected my
profession every happy face it's
ridiculous it's over Beauty complain
when I'm everyone watch your hair huh
it's a natural tan somebody has to do
the job now I mention the other day on
Twitter that I saw an infomercial
product that I really wanted for the
first time since I bought well since I
bought this now I think I bought that in
the year 2000 and you can probably tell
from its location that doesn't get used
anymore but I keep it there to serve as
a reminder as to what happens when I
have a credit card and a phone ex me but
let me know what your last you know
infomercial purchase was let me know
what it was what made you want to buy it
how much it was but I'm actually more
interested know if anyone's made an
infomercial purchase lately that has
actually been a really good investment
let me know because I'm very keen I'd
like to know if you want to do oh my
gosh it does work
that's amazing people and if you are
they call me because you will not
believe how quickly I can get you under
and that's upon a music / comment time
yes I am a hoarder and I think you're
talking about my room but the worst
thing that I heard a receipt I hold them
all the time I never know when to stop
collecting receipts and I thought this
is a really sweet line it's like you
defrost my frozen meats before I have to
cook them I hope that's kind of the same
thing and that's not nice denim dolphin
maybe I was going out maybe it was going
out no Who am I kidding and yeah thanks
for that buddy I thought we were friends
why are you my only friend because I
feed you isn't it yeah
you
