hi have you ever noticed in photographs
how people sometimes adopt what I like
to call that does put in one hand over
the opposite shoulder really make you
more attractive posed and out of
curiosity what is the theory behind the
hand over the shoulder thing does it
make you more attractive does it work in
real life as well what do you mean you
don't to go out I'm just not that
interested what if I do this it doesn't
work because I notice they make people
do these in glamor shoots but then they
also add what I like to call the death
vignette okay it kind of looks like
you've died man that's not a nice thing
to say
yeah like the white vignette with people
with a white being yet around you makes
you aware you've died that's ridiculous
I've never even heard oh okay yeah it's
amazing yeah yeah okay what about this I
don't know do you guys have a default
photo pose - to be the ugly face which
goes like this I still read all my
photos cuz I thought that was really
funny and really smart
cuz then no one could be like hey you
look ugly in this photo cuz I could be
like bitch I was all over that like five
minutes ago yet two steps ahead of you
uhm yeah it was really interesting very
part of my angst moment but I have since
progressed and now my default photo
poses the mum smile which goes like this
yeah actually now I think about the mum
smile the ugly face they kind of look
very similar but yeah let me know do you
have a default pose that you go into
when whatever photos are taken let me
know it is and let me know if you have a
theory behind it tell me if you have a
good side as well I really get annoyed
when people Ike hey this is my good side
and then they screwed over to whatever
is convenient for them because I'm like
you've obviously looked at me judged me
and gone yeah both sides just as bad as
each other so it's alright if I take
this one I don't know let me know
speaking of photos though a couple of
videos ago I mentioned one fool I got to
meet in LA they put a video up today
actually of us all hanging out in LA so
you should check it out because we went
to they took me to Walmart and Target
and they bought me churros for a dollar
and I thought that was really funny
because you can't buy that stuff here
for the same amount of money it's like
oh you guys are married
you get to pay so much less for stuff
this is depressingly hilarious I thought
it was funny you can tell I'm Asian yeah
I'll let you guys go have a lovely
weekend I'll see you in a couple of days
unless I'm okay it's porn music /
comment time and yeah may I ask everyone
to make me look like Penelope Cruz but
no one has done it yet if you find a
hairdresser who can do such a task let
me know and I like that so many people
brought in photos to hairdressers I like
your dedication there and about the
Facebook thing you know what's really
freaky they always browse a stalk or
browse your peoples Facebook photos and
then I come back to my brows and I
realize that I still got a photo of some
complete stranger I've managed to go on
to at that stage and you know what
you're Canadians whatever I read your
drink out of milk bags you drink out of
milk bags I drink out of fun bags it's
all good and I didn't even need to find
your other comment in which you
misspelled it but are pretty sure I know
what it means and you not I like
comments like that it makes me feel
loved
in the pants
