hi have you ever noticed when you go to
hairdressers how those style books all
seem to be from the 90s it's sorry about
that rewinding feature that you liked I
was thinking just the same but shorter I
can't so just true but what I do
genuinely hate is when they ask you to
do it with celebrity photos so should
buy the pictures that you have yeah
could I look like that one please
the one I'm actually in Joey Evans
Angelina Jolie do you want the white
Angelina Jolie well I would like to have
Angelina and please err I've already got
the body for it I just that joke never
works go ahead like and you're just the
same bit shorter
thank you okay great just a trim and so
this is my hypothesis I believe that
hair dresses they leave you with these
90s star books and photos of celebrities
so that instead of you know pointing at
a picture and say yeah I'd like to look
like Beyonce today please you you just
opt out and go for the easier version
which is I'd like to have a trim which
is what I always say because I'd rather
say that then say I'd like to look like
Selena Gomez today please so let me know
when you go the hairdresser's do do what
I do just wore sound as a trim same
thing but shorter or you I'd like to
look like you know Jennifer Hudson today
kind of person that might be a bit more
applicable to girls than guys that
question no that's not true
guys are pretty picky I've been in
hairdressers next to incredibly picky
men before I wanted a male friend what
happened to him know I once had a mouth
friend who came over and had all this
proactive with him this is he thought
very highly of me but he bought Proactiv
over to to recommend it to me with a
booklet filled with all the celebrities
who are endorsing the product and he was
like look you can hit use Proactiv you
could look like one of these libraries
it's like bitch I'm pretty sure I could
drink all the Proactiv you have and I'd
still look like adolescents personified
it's a good story
see you guys in four days okay it's
funny music / comment time and you know
what this kind of a criminal robs people
in purple hoodie
all right yeah man no are you right I'm
so level zero criminal I'm actually just
a lover pretending to be a criminal
that's how crappy I am and thank you
this girl for making me see muffins for
what they truly are I hadn't noticed
before but you have shed light upon this
topic matter and also I totally forgot
about the phrase in the face definitely
adopting that one back into the
vocabulary and I wonder if this monotone
thing works here check it out tell me
which one's louder guys alright can you
hear this can you hear this
which one's louder let me know and yeah
if you think that milk clean was weird
by the way check this out this is our
other milk carton and then we have this
really weird plastic thing that I'll
show you I find it very bizarre
you know what's even stranger in
Canadians they drink milk out of bags
the frakkers with that your milk bag
they suck in the face
