hi so you know what confuses me yeah
there's the cutest guy at 3 o'clock
really which weighs 12 that was 12 that
weighs 12 so that was one two you're
right but more than that is the rape
whistle are you allowed to use it in any
kind of emergency or is that an
occasional exclusive thing only no let
go like learn your baggage dude whoa
that a rapist yeah you're attacking me
I'm gonna blow it that's very
presumptuous I just want to take your
bag what I just what it's just if you
blow the whistle it sends out the wrong
signal you know I'm just everything I'm
the level one criminal
well how people don't know that are
being attacked I know me right
scream help or something okay help couch
is that I'm bad you try to steal my bag
I just think we should reach your
healthy compromise you no no no on a
serious note I do support the concept of
a right was I think it's important to be
able to alert people around you but see
there's no real way for me to segue out
of this now so I'm gonna have to do this
Segway Segway Segway segways I'm sorry
that was awkward
almost as awkward as when this happens
I'm not the only one who thinks that
yeah NAT said the same thing as well do
you not now did you say that yeah you'll
love it
sorry I mentioned previously in my last
video that I had met some really awesome
people I was away thing is as always I
didn't have my memory card because
Natalie loses everything and as such I
couldn't show you these all some photos
of some of the people who I got to me
these are the JibJab brothers whose
website is amazing they do really cool
greeting cards I'm sure most amusing if
you haven't you should check out their
website this is Joshua Bell who is a
violinist who I've been listening to for
the longest time I never ever thought
I'd be able to meet him that was
incredible this is Michael Hawley he's
like an absolute baller he's just like
Mafia godfather as far as I'm concerned
and this is Wesley Ted and Phil from
Wong foo if you haven't checked out one
for you should I've been a fan girl this
for a long time and look look what just
came in the mail it was like a whole box
of Wong foo merchandise I'm so excited
thank you guys so much
I'm wearing one of their shirts at the
moment but yes I will be sleeping in
Wong foo shirt for a very long time so
you should check them all out thank you
guys so much and here
some amazing people who got to meet
since I've been back I am didn't mean to
scare poor Mary by the way I bumped into
her literally outside of her house and I
think I freaked her out a little bit
yeah I know people are always really
upset when I show up at their doorstep
like now do you think it was a scary
thing to do I don't know to me
restraining orders they're a barrier to
love it spoiler music / comment time
shaka 1300 it's pretty much the story of
my life the sad thing is so in my head
the jokes are legitimately very funny
and yeah my hair did grow shorter thank
you for noticing no one in my actual
real life circle of friends which is
like two people did notice the thing is
my parents used to give me a bowl cut
when I was a child you literally a bowl
and then a cut and it used to scare me
so much because the cuts would always
look so awful so even to this day I get
really paranoid when I get haircuts and
um I'm fairly certain that crawling in
any situation will get you noticed but
I'll keep that in mind and for a long
period of my childhood I legitimately
thought the phrase in the pants was
really funny it's like you're lame
you're lame in the pants that Klaus
doesn't even make any sense Natalie your
call doesn't make any sense Natalie in
the pants yeah I rock
