hi so you know when you save a Christmas
present you have to pretend to like yeah
this is a song about that notice the one
you saw them get to sponsor they wrapped
it up again and stuck a new name on the
box and here you are here with somebody
else Shady sucks you pretend that you
like looking for some you can't contain
it's that much fun you can't believe
that this is what you and how much thank
you you watch the next person who's
opening their gifts you bolt them cheap
stuff from the news agency down to they
open up the gift you left the price
and now the know you bought them when it
was about fifty down but they pretend
that they like it
really I love it
and how much they like it not really
it's so kind of you but I hope you're
all having a lovely holiday hope you're
all well and I hope you're all with
people who you love and if they
good-looking call me yeah the brother up
but yeah I'll see you guys soon
happy Festivus guys okay it's funny
music / comment time and I cannot tell
you guys how much fun I had reading
through your old emails and usernames
mr. King Weasley I loved at people who
added numbers to the ends of their
emails they always want and yes exhales
switching is to threes is hella awesome
and xxxx baby X X not it's awesome I'm
only playing I secretly love those
usernames and drama Bell won you and me
both baby you and me both
