now before you freak out and think great
here we go some left-wing I
want to reassure you by saying this
under the most right hand side of a
right-wing yeah that's right I got a
plane for this you can want processing
you can want the strict vetting of
asylum seekers hell you can even not
like asylum seekers but every single
ozzie should be against the cruelty
that's happening on Nauru the government
have done a fantastic job of
politicizing this and making a thing
that the only two options are invasion
or cruelty when how can this be true we
need to stop accepting this and stop
being distracted while cruelty happens
under our nose no matter where you sit
politically let's all agree on one thing
what's happening now is not the right
solution to asylum seekers Australians
don't approve of cruelty and abuse how
offensive to us is it that our
government has let things like child
abuse inhumane conditions indefinite
detainment of people at the risk of
people's well-being and mental health
happen because of their choice to
offshore process this isn't the correct
solution no matter where you stand so
what's the solution
well I don't know because I'm just an
idiot online but we have people whose
job it is to write these policies and
they're just not doing it properly right
now if your solution to asylum seekers
involves the cruel consequences that
we're seeing right now you're not doing
your job
what can you do well you can start
attending rallies until we start voicing
our opposition to what's happening it
just looks like we're okay with it and
again I think every single ozzie no
matter which wing you stand under is
against what's happening I've put a link
below to a rally that's happening
tomorrow that's Saturday the 5th of
November in Sydney if you're around
please come please voice your opposition
to what's happening bring a poster if
you feel like it
write down your political views go crazy
add glitter you're an adult you can do
it do some 3d kind of blocking stuff but
come because nobody is ok with what's
happening we're a great country and we
should expect and do better
