hi sorry this is a little bit different
this is my project for awesome video and
I would just bear with me because I
think this is really important and it
affects everybody including you when I
was growing up I had friends with
depression and it was awful it was just
the worst thing and there were just bad
times and all you want to do is help so
I spoke to Gavin Larkin who was the
founder of are you okay day and it would
mean the world to me if you guys heard
this out so I know the majority of you
who watched this between thirteen and
twenty five and what is really
concerning is that the largest killer of
fifteen to thirty year olds in both men
and women is suicide Gavin tell us about
are you okay no I okay day is about
stopping little problems turning into
big ones and helping people stay
connected because that is the one thing
we can all do to help reduce the suicide
rate and they helped they helped by
having conversations by checking in with
their people we know from from the
experts that if you can have a
conversation with someone who is at risk
and you'll never know because people
never really tell you how they're
feeling how bad it might be that's why
it's important to trust your instincts
but it can actually lessen the risk for
up to fifty percent if you can engage
them in a conversation about it's and
it's not about trying to take on that
person's problems yourself it's about
letting them download them a lot of the
time people just need to get it out get
it out off their chest it's not always
mental health issues a lot of the
younger people particularly are dealing
with impulsive kind of actions so you
just got to stay tight stay close to
your people and stay connected and that
can be done any way through the net
through the phone and have your only
person wherever it to whatever it takes
it doesn't mean that they're suicidal
but it means you helping them by having
that conversation could stop it getting
any worse every day is are you okay day
we've all got people in our lives who
are going through tough times especially
now you know the global financial crisis
so don't wait get into it and start
those conversations right now and then
get on our website let me know all about
tell me how they won't I'd love to know
from you guys what's going on in your
part of the world so I'm gonna leave you
guys with a challenge this video try and
start as many conversations as you can
you know speak to the people around you
and see if they're okay see
anything they want to talk about and
encourage others to participate in this
incredibly simple but amazing plan and
because this video is part of project
for awesome do everyone a favor rate and
comment this video and hopefully we can
get others to participate in this and
make sure we're doing the minimum for
everyone who we love
