hi so do you guys have nicknames cuz I
met someone today with a badass nickname
hi I'm Natalie nice to meet you I'm Elle
Oh burns my friends coming back and for
some reason I immediately assume gang
she's any gang or something or she'd get
quite a nickname doing some really kind
of badass crazy thing yeah I bet it was
all like yeah her name was El or as we
like to call her burns so when she was
11 she got caught smokin by her parents
to get back home she set the whole house
on fire yeah she's crazy like that burns
I mean nicknames just sound hardcore I
wish I had one my friends call me blade
so died Natalie oh as we like to call
her blade she wants to get a whole army
because you know so some of my other
friends what friends another circle of
friends I know you're funny oh it's
really I'm thirsty
I'm a bad host just need to drink so let
me know if you guys got a nickname if
you do what is it and how did you
acquire it cuz I don't know I always
assumed people got them from you know
being in prison or in gangs or something
awesome like that I've never had a
nickname myself I've given some mom so
yeah given some but I've never received
one myself actually that's kind of the
story of my life and the final present
under the tree is for Rebecca yeah
awesome moments but you know what else
is awesome project for awesome which is
coming up December the 17th I encourage
you all to get involved links in the
sidebar basically project awesome is
when YouTube users get together to help
promote charities which is always good
you know what else is always good
bumping into lovely people who are kind
enough to send in their photo so thanks
for doing that and I asked you guys on
the 17th for my project awesome video
and until then be safe be well eat fruit
and remember instruction manuals yeah
they're for wimps okay it's funny music
slash comment time and de tikki Wiggy
girl dude I used to trash dog in high
school all the time story of my life and
Nicole my dignity is always on the floor
or in this case on the internet and you
know what Emily forty to one nail wear a
headband I'll come find you though I am
having difficulty thinking of villains
who wore headbands
and Genuity canal nice name by the way
yes so I I do that very frequently in
fact all the time and I knew when I
posted the video I was asking for this
so fair enough fair enough
