hi so I'm one of those people when it
comes to remembering songs you've a girl
I keep thinking about you and I can
never remember more than just that one
line so I have to wait until that one
line comes up again hey there girl and
there's only so many ways you can cover
up you can do the mugging get about you
mmm
they're not about Jean or the fake
mouthing of water in about June although
nothing quite stings like trying to
cover up that you've sung the wrong
lyrics yeah I can't I can't think or
just song at the wrong spot entirely hey
there that in fact it's almost as
embarrassing as when you get caught
doing this sail away sail away sail away
2 & 1 & 0 good you're cool buddy okay I
ever do that that would be embarrassing
Wow either girl Haven hey there could
you let some others thanks yan'er I
mentioned briefly on my Twitter that
every now and then I'll be singing a
song and then I'll realize it after
singing this song for years a certain
way that I've been singing the lyrics
absolutely incorrectly you guys ever had
this happen let me know what song lyrics
you get confused I was obsessed with the
song girl you're so together by the
Jackson fire throughout my adolescence
because I thought the lyrics were if I
had the chance to choose between a
million books in you I'd choose you babe
and I was like what kind of a guy would
pick a girl over a million books that's
lunacy he must be really romantic yeah
the actual Larry excite if I had the
chance to choose between a million bucks
and you and I mean that just that's that
as a book lover that's not impressive I
mean you couldn't buy a million books
with a million bucks unless they were
like really bad books like a dollar book
or something yeah anyway that's not the
point
quick shout out to these guys by the way
absolutely fine to be to say maybe my
but it's getting particularly hot here
in July which means a line the business
happening so gross outside never ends
all hot and sweaty and speaking of hot
and sweaty though I should probably go I
should hit the gym that's a lie I'm just
going to go watch TV and sleep under the
aircon but I have a lovely weekend I'll
see you guys in three days and until
then please get out of the house be well
be safe have a great weekend and
remember it's not illegal if nobody sees
you okay it's porno music / comment time
and that girl on Gallifrey mate I do
that all the time in favor fighter man
they pay me more than you guys ever can
no seriously I haven't changed the color
you guys are nuts nuts I just like
saying not suit I hear you I feel that
way about every video that I watch
