hi so you know what's awkward hanging
out with overly affectionate couples
glad you guys are here second season of
red velvet is like the best and it's not
that I mind couples I really like
hanging out it's just why do they make
moments so uncomfortable and it doesn't
matter what you're doing they seem to be
attached at the hip it's actually
cheating reference each other's cards
and sometimes I just can't help but let
them know how uncomfortable they're
making me feel oh sure oh I'm fine Jerry
a snap like when we had three amigos
everybody yeah just three of us like I
like what the three of us hang out it's
real nice bad girl I can't thinking
about you oh pretty girl I love this
song you know it's like why call people
to hang out if you're just going to
ignore them it's like my family outings
mom dad mom dad mom dad oh shit oh I
love the doors the windows up not a get
speaking of families of about two videos
ago I mentioned that my family got me
one of these is a toy I don't know what
chia-pet is in a straight I don't know
we just called them grass hands and I
received a couple of mean comments the
thing is guys my parents didn't think
that I was quite cut out for a loud kind
of pet so they thought I was better
suited to quiet things it's why I have
fish now I spend most of my time like
this no one understands me like you you
may be thinking that's sexy NAT baby I
know you know I'll leave you guys to it
I ll have a video up in three days so
until then be safe be well eat fruit and
please unblock me I also have to do a
quick shout out to these awesome people
who are lucky and
to bump into three incredibly awesome
guys so thank you so much for coming up
and saying hi okay it's funny music
slash comment time and green flag 19
yeah thanks man
it actually happened to be a list of my
life accomplishments but thanks buddy
and let me know guys yet team orange on
team bread or in other words are you my
friend or not though that actually
probably made a whole bunch of you
switch over to red and wicked XP you
sound like my parents yeah they were not
happy when when I learned to speak and
ton Jess ml yeah thanks magic hours but
hey if you give me a call I can show you
one hell of another impressive blanket
sequence yeah Team Orange
