hi so I was thinking I wonder how
Bobby's friends feel no one ever wants
to buy the agent doll I can't move oh
honey why you can what's so bad Oh jack
to be months to roll that thing who are
you I'm a Bratz doll oh oh we're totally
one lad to talk to you I mean you're
very productively dressed
thank you and you have a very
interesting range of accessories shotgun
a mobile phone or go need these days on
the streets anyway why are you so glum
oh it's rather silly now that I think
about it just say allowed to say linear
I am still cuz nobody wants to buy
Barbie multicultural friends how just a
blonde a brunette in the red heads even
the redheads get to manage me yeah Danny
I'm sorry I'm so sorry I could cover my
mouth and recover it in shame you're the
new flavor of the month
everyone loves Asians yeah absolutely
Angelina's adopted like what ten of you
by now it's fine
guys love agents you've got a fellow in
mind I do have a man in mind let me
guess
ken yes how did you know oh darling
everyone speaks about Ken and rightly so
over taking a spin in his alone gosh
let's just say is that he's a big guy
blushing how big oh I'm sorry your hands
are bound back like mine I can't see how
big you're indicating oh no he's about
this big oh gosh you're a gorgeous one
don't worry about things you'll be fine
oh thank you for the advice that's very
kind of you
it's just my always are dying I loved
you
Korena what does intrigued me however is
is Barbies morphing physical appearance
now for those of you aren't whether I'm
sure most of your Barbie no longer looks
like she did
people used to complain they're like
Barbies legs are too long no woman looks
like that she won't be able to walk as a
child I used to think why would you need
to walk if you're hot as Barbie if
people just push you around and they
used to complain about the phrases you'd
pull her back and should say things like
gosh it's so much fun being pretty which
it probably is but people would complain
as a ridiculous phrase to teach girls
but then again I used to think furious
hot as Barbie you wouldn't even need to
speak manias point at you want
mm-hmm yeah yeah I'm saying but it yeah
she used to be this kind of you can
never look as hot as I am no matter how
many eating disorders you have dull and
instead now these days she's just as
kind of average Jessica Simpson looking
including the the strange mom jeans doll
and she's also cheaper which teaches you
an incredibly valuable lesson girls you
can't be less attractive but still
expect just as much as a truck no I'm
joking
it does however teach you though that
physical appearances are not everlasting
and will no longer buy you 40 bucks on
the street see had Barbie worked a
little bit more on her intellect perhaps
she could stop writing her name all over
her accessories and buy proportionally
ridiculous combs but yeah let me know
what was your app what was your most
cherished toy from your childhood leave
in the comments I'd be interested I'm
going to try and find mine for the next
video and let me know why but apart from
that I should be off and I hope you had
a lovely starts a week I'll see you soon
okay it's pointing music slash comment
time and you know who owns a stethoscope
whales are fun to doctors doctors and
weird people who take let's play doctor
a little bit too seriously that to know
I don't know why I happen and you know
what your mockery of an awesome word
yeah you know what that makes me do that
makes me chortle guys it makes me
chortle chortle chortle and yeah thank
you for that chicken 88-91
i think i rated pretty highly in terms
of internet wastage in the comments
thank you all you're very kind and
poison ivy so the test results showed
yeah and if you feel like doing me a
favor because heaven knows i've got my
hands tied up with this gorgeous cougar
of a woman
