hi so I'm one of those morons who uses
Google to try and self-diagnose illness
and it got me wondering what it would be
like if Google were actually a doctor
you won't tell me that hey buddy
you're not allowed to wave unless you're
invited sorry sorry I play back but hey
buddy what's up um I've got a rich did
you mean I've got a rash
oh I don't make it I did mean I've got a
rash sorry I did not even worry about
paper must be tired
so it happens all the time so you
feeling lucky or just you know not so
much maybe you're just gonna live it up
look it up boring all right rash
definition of rash rash Wikipedia
treatment of rash I think I have a rash
can anyone help me symptoms of rash and
by rash on eight why does it always say
you can buy shit on eBay when you can't
I mean you can't buy a rash on eBay
that's ridiculous subject did you say
there was something about treatment in
there uh yeah treatment of rash the
treatment of rashes apply cortisone
cream says Dahle 31 who's that
I know let's go Joey 31 here we go
okay so Dali 31 de lis 31 on MySpace dog
31 on Twitter Dali 31 on fashion form
and Dali Fetty oh you can buy dolly 30
ones on eBay we really need to we get
this email of dad because I don't know
where this is coming from the rash no
but really the worst thing about
googling illnesses you start to believe
that you have everything that you're
reading about symptoms may include
tightness in the tightness in the neck I
feel tightness in the neck loss of sight
loss of sight how many fingers am i
holding up even know how many thing is
but fever fever oh my god it's a hot
shortness a shortness of dying rate
going rate because nothing good ever
comes of it well according to my book
you're gonna die what touchy other
touchy people this we can also search
will I ever get fret now I didn't
graduate my friends moniker in fear who
recently had
beautiful baby boy Cooper if you guys
ever need a babysitter look at his face
I'm your man no you probably will never
trust me because I acted so strangely
around you when you were pregnant yeah
yes yes there's a baby in here lady
I don't know pregnant women just
fascinate me in fact all women fascinate
me call me nose jokes
I know congratulations that's very
exciting also can I do a quick shout to
Kathleen who I bumped into now what I
find hilarious about this picture is it
looks like it's from from a really high
angle but actually it was just a man of
average height who took the photos just
Kathleen I exceptionally short so that
made me total and my apologies I know I
told you guys I would do a quick montage
of all the freaky stuff that I got said
to him but I haven't been able to finish
watching other video responses because
my internet has capped because I live in
Australia where they cap Internet and
yeah I don't know what I've wasted all
my bandwidth on but no I it's just
taking me a very long time to get
through them actually let me know what
cue guys wastes most of your bandwidth
on write it in the comments I'd be keen
to know because I pretty much am certain
that I wasted on it's not a waste if you
went right that's cuz I'm aware no okay
it's funny music slash comment time and
Rick rocks everyone if I had a nickel
for every time I had to say that line to
get somebody in to better thing mate I
would be filthy rich but always reminded
of my bad deeds and jinwu yeah man that
Jesus guy gets a lot of songs Rania's
wave I met Mike was saying those gods
songs they can be launching people
wanting you to touch them people wanting
you to be inside the middle that jazz
yeah and Avalon Blue Moon I try man I
try Billy with Kelly I pointed out
because I'm one of those insecure people
who undermine themselves defense
mechanism and then pointed out in
pointing me to slash common time to make
everyone uncomfortable did it work yeah
and Athena if you like that I have a
game you would love to play with me it's
called make love to Natalie in the dark
you
