hi so my last pew I showed you guys how
to substitute measuring tape with body
parts I received a couple of comments
like these and the simple answer is I'm
one of those can you do this she makes
other people uncomfortable kin and it
pretty much goes down like this wait
wait I have one wait can you do this oh
I think I can do that everyone can do
that
wait I wasn't you guys might not be able
to do check this out
how you doing that because I'm
double-jointed hey I'll check this out I
can also do this that's really cars and
I can do this yeah that's not really
free hina on both arms oh and you dudes
crazy thing like yeah that you get a
Kraken listen to the Kraken oh crackit
actually this is part of my ribs waiting
you guys ever experience what I'm
talking about so he'll be at a party
showing off your party tree you know I
can do this I can do that and then some
exorcist kid calls out of the corner and
toes they have 360 degrees awesome but
my party trick is that I'm
double-jointed in a lot of places so I
can do things like this which may look
easy but if you try you'll find out that
you can't do it unless you're
double-jointed in your fingers which
means you can also do things like this
which is I suppose not that impressive
but if you have an impressive party
trick leave a video response or put it
in the comments I'd be very keen to find
out what you can do if you have
something weird you can do with your
body if you're attractive take a photo
of it send it in to my email address mmm
yeah share it to a couple of people who
I bumped into oh that's right don't have
me because I haven't bumped into any of
you I've been in Melbourne for the past
few days I haven't stepped outside hence
the awesome hotel surroundings yeah bow
chicka wow you put Natalie Tran in a
hotel with a camera and she'll make a
youtube video yeah yeah
I'm not awesome note I should probably
go oh I'll see you guys soon bye
okay it's pointing music / comment time
and I'm sorry to break it to you nicked
off but my videos they've been around
the block if you don't say and green
romance park I hear you man ie you and
Sai ass teammate buddy I think I found
my Billy Joel cassette friend it's
tragic I still have so many cassettes
that I can't let go of and 1 IX no man
it's a mole a mole that accounts for a
good third of my comments I'm sure and
tip MC stag Touche but on the other hand
I've stolen the best viewer why suppose
two minutes really of your mother's life
for two minutes is a long time
