hi so I think one of the best parts
about giving a present is the card in
April you're going to read the card
first
sorry not to April from Natalie ah
so naturally I loved it when you're a
kid and your parents would let you just
sign your name on the bottom of a
Christmas card and then when the gift is
being given
voila you get some credit for it thank
you and as I get older this tradition
continues you know groups of friends
start chipping in on presents my family
still does that my partner does at every
one you're still signing cards for
presents that you haven't bought but the
more I do it the more concern I am that
I'm gonna fall into the trap I like to
call that I have no idea what we got you
trap Oh what is it I have no idea I
really don't because for some reason
lately I can't missing the gift opening
so this happens oh not I opened up your
present and did you like it well how do
you think it looks how does it look
look it must have been clothes I think
it's looking good you got me that bowl
over there Oh a bowl that's a
present Jen a bowl how is that fifty
bucks each think someone profited from
that oh this happens
hey Matt what do you think of the
earrings I think they look delightful
well you know who got him for me
a lover no it was from instead it was
from you and your family oh now I found
her earrings and this locker that's a
bit inappropriate mom earrings it's a
bit intense how is that fifty bucks each
but the whole idea of a joint present
has always interested me I mean don't
get me wrong I love giving people
presents I love the thought behind it
but I love doing nothing much more so I
was feel kind of sorry for the person
who gets chosen in the group to go and
get the present and I always think to
myself if that were me and I did the
present giving and I had to go wrap it
and buy it and then I got someone else
to sign the card and they didn't really
give a crap yeah I wouldn't be so cool
about it
a lot of people out there must be as
awful as I am so why doesn't it go down
like this oh wait you got to read the
card first sorry to sam from lisa kim
and Natalie Oh bless you didn't write
down what I told you to it was too long
but all I wanted to say was have a Merry
Christmas in life oh you got me
batteries thank you we told you to get
her the perfume
well they don't sell perfume at the
petrol station teachers you write for
leaving me in charge I'm only joking it
would be more like this it would be oh
wait you got to read the card first
sorry to Sam from Natalie
Oh No thank you you took our names off
the card oh you've got me batteries
thank you that's right in both scenarios
she gets batteries anyway I'll just
stick to what I'm good at
adding my name to the bottom of cards
and hitching a ride to complements yeah
you remember there was always one kid at
school who would never participate in
the group assignment but would take all
the credit for the grade that's now me I
used to be that meek kid in school who
always smelt slightly of cheese and grew
gray hairs at a very young age but look
at me now now I'm the cool one don't
ever let them tell you never children
anyway let me know in the comments below
a you a compliment hitchhiker you just
signing away on the bottom of cards or
you the person who goes out there and
put thought into the gift
are you a responsible adult boring let
me know in the comments below I'm not
really your Christmassy person but I
hope you have a wonderful holiday season
I hope you enjoy the ambient lighting
provided by Christmas lights and that
you are surrounded by people who you
love hopefully they know who you are but
if you love them you're just putting the
vibe out there you know you're just
starting the conversation anyway I hope
you guys are really well I'm sorry I
haven't been making videos regularly but
I'll insert lie I hope you are also
enjoying all the times of everything
happy 2015
okay it's been a music / comment time
and I show you this because a lot of
comments in my last video would
describing the professor as a hot
character and I'm just going to note
down that many of you prefer me as a man
some of you will also a little bit upset
by my use of string as a glasses strap
um what am i a billionaire and also I
know you guys mock me because of how
slow the chase scene was but this was
the most movement I've done in about
five years and for me to let you see me
run and just look at this top comment we
are a classy bunch of my videos
describing areas as lady gardens and
then telling each other to make pearls
in them oh man and I don't know why but
I feel like this is more you preppy need
to be skinned I know I'm very soft but
still word choice
