hi so I don't know about you guys but I
find it incredibly intimidating when
people ask me to mine their spot you're
kidding me
well one of those people what people who
do crosswords in communal magazines at
see I don't know just because you can't
do cross well it's a one-off man that
crossword was here whatever I marry a
drink my my spot no I don't mind is my
spot no am i my spot yeah and now you're
the bitch who tells people they can't
sit down oh I'm sorry sorry this seats
taken sorry I bet you she's thinking I'm
a real bitch right now
what a bitch can't believe she put me in
this situation I hate the situation all
this happens
stood down
told you to like my spot I'm sorry man
she thought she's total bitch you care
we had a massive heart your own saying
there are such an awful position to be
and it's like I hate confronting people
in fact I hate it so much like the woman
that DVD shop today ripped me off and
change because are too scared to say
anything chicken shit but um oh speaking
of which I need to ask you guys what is
your what is your shame show at the
moment if you don't know what a shame
show is basically a shame show is a show
that you're too you're too embarrassed
to admit liking but you indulgent
secretly for example my shame show which
I bought today is um it's True Blood but
the reason is because I'm waiting for a
new season of madmen a new season of the
wire to come out but I've been watching
True Blood back-to-back I'm I'm
terrified at the fact that I am but let
me know what your shame show is later in
the comments I'm very curious to find
out and I got quite a few comments on
these little mosquito bites in the last
video yeah they looked a lot larger but
I think it was purely because I was
lying down and then the weight shifted
it's very deceiving I'm sorry about that
it's like when I lay down my stomach
looks flat fact now I think about it
everything looks better when you're
lying down so I when I'm with your mum I
always insist on being on top okay it's
porn music / comment time and thanks so
much 2x and tens nice to know you have
my back man but no fair call very true
and like I said it's very deceiving it's
a lying down thing and I love you hallo
girl 10 I love that Shane Dawson your
sister know your examples are three
extremely apart I'm sure but no I heart
Shane I'm and I'm probably heart your
sister too if she thought and hahaha
love hate 88 I've done that too man I
feel your pain and buddy my parents have
been asking the same question for a long
time
