hi so I know it's been a while but
basically I received an email ask me if
I'd like to be in a nunnery cane glacis
music video and of course I said yes
unfortunately it didn't quite work out
this is a karaoke video
someone tell me this was an intriguing
laziest music video game glasses karaoke
videos this is Butchie oh you've got to
finish the song to sign a contract
so basically I can start making videos
again but I want to do a really big
shout-out to whoever held up this
lamington sign at a wrestling match so
kudos to you for having the balls to a
hole at the sandwich I'm finished your
man absolutely nothing to anybody else
in the audience thank you and I need to
say thank you very quickly to everyone
who helped me out with my school project
I really appreciate it and you guys gave
up your time and we're incredibly nice
for no good reason apart from the fact
that you're all absolutely awesome so I
really appreciate that thank you
and I also bumped into a couple of
people over the past little while these
were the ones who are kind enough to
send you my photos and believe it or not
this is not the only group of school
girls that I've taken a photo with you
know but seriously it's not if you guys
could have sending any pictures if we've
taken it that would be greatly
appreciated in fact if you're just a
you're just a schoolgirl in general just
hmm
and since we're slapping it's porno
music slash comment time and you know
what despite your comments the word
fortnight is actually word very commonly
used in my vocabulary thank you very
much and yeah Kayne jokes have been
delicious and you're jack gonna see yeah
thanks for that man yeah you got my back
yeah you guys are so mean to me and it
kind of sickens me that blonde jokes
never ever get old I don't even want to
tell you guys how long I laughed at this
one Paul and yeah you know how we spoke
about too soon yeah shoestring suicide
way too soon had way too soon and
waiting for germ dude very true first
time I got a B on my report card my
parents reacted like I Chuck did Juno
was intense I've missed you guys
yay see you in a couple of days
