hi see now in movies have the limbs are
constantly popping out from behind
doorways and such I always wonder about
their auditions that was awful
let's bring the next one where's the
next one
that's fantastic we actually haven't
started the audition yet we just have to
get ready where'd she go
where is she
see how awesome would be to be a villain
you get all the cliched news but I have
to apologize I haven't made a video in
over a wake and I I always feel like I
need to impress you guys when I come
back don't worry about it homeless guy
keep the money
Oh didn't see you there hi I know it's
been a while since bad way to go again
Oh yours bad give me the money
I didn't see you there we when you
what is this bloody works that yeah yeah
unfortunately I'm just not impressive
but you know who was impressive
everybody who I met at comic-con I don't
say this enough but every time I meet
someone from YouTube it is just amazing
and I'm really just thank you so much
for coming up and saying hi when you do
because I really love meeting you guys
and I've never met anyone from YouTube
hasn't been everything good you know
it's just it's always what wonderful so
thank you
I have had problems with my emails oh
and I know that I haven't been receiving
all the photos that have been sent
through so if you're not in this video
and I didn't respond to you could you do
me a huge favor I'm really sorry but
could you resend the email because that
would be awesome because I'd like a copy
of the photo anyway and I'd like to put
it up um I also travel to
charlieissocoollike I'm sure you all
know and he is very so cool like and he
has a new outro by Stephen Fry so you
checked that out I also bumped into one
miss hotforwords and if you're on my
Twitter you'll understand this picture
yeah gave her a little bit of the the
Scarlett treatment I should probably
stop posing with women like that it
always results in them wanting me I'll
see you guys soon okay it's pointed
music / comment time and I'm hitting you
twice with this one front and back
because last time I missed it so I'm
making up dude that toothpick thing is
very much something that my mother would
do as well also am I the only one who
hates watching people use toothpicks and
Duty 36s hilarious I keep stuff that I
won't use sometimes either my hoarding
is ridiculous and the ultimate courses
do Johnny Depp is cool the Tim Burton
man Tim Burton that guy's behind so much
great stuff
he helps make Johnny and Mayumi story of
my life I saw that it was like asian
nerd or vegan Fox talking dirty I think
we all know which one we clicked
something me alone man leave me alone
you
