hi so because we're doing the whole
hotel thing my friends and I are talking
about the theory that free stuff is bad
we finally free shit dude I'm going to
take a shower now
oh dude wait hello the shampoos here
don't need it
free shampoo but our shampoo is better
no it's not why because this is free so
free shampoo is always better oh whoa
dude you check this out little tomato
sauce bottles and keep this dude it's
just tomato sauce man there's plenty of
it what are you gonna is free when are
you gonna use them I don't know why
you'll be so negative for look smile
little jams free jams dude you never eat
jam you hate the taste of it like taste
free Jam ah water oh wait you have to
pay for this one fuck that dude
seriously don't take all their stuff you
got to take it now man you know that
you're not some kind of Robin Hood right
they know that you're taking it because
you know what I mean oh it's like a
scavenger hunt when people enter hotel
rooms like opening drawers flinging open
wardrobes it's incredible by the way
comic-con ended yesterday I am so
heartbroken I think I'm gonna have to
come back next year it was amazing
but I want to show you guys something
really incredible as well before they
have these little surprise exhibitions
and one of them was the Alice in
Wonderland one where you know the whole
props and costumes and sets they
redesigned a lot of the sets from the
movie
for some best at the same time trills
right now oh it's awesome
Oh
we look like an English back package
yeah you just stumbled on dude some
things I'm not proud of it was amazing
like I said before I was really excited
to see Tim Burton so this was incredible
if you get to see it it's travelling
around you should check it out I met so
many so many incredible people while I
was at Comic Con and I'm I have so many
photos and so much footage to show you
but today's my last day in San Diego so
I hope you don't mind I'm gonna rush out
and go to Disneyland um yes so I'm gonna
do porn music slash comment time with
you later in the next video out but I'll
double them up like I always do Shane
too much and that yes so I'm really
sorry but I will see you guys soon
okay bye
