hi so I don't know about you guys but
whenever I go to the beach no matter how
well I dust myself off have a shower or
wash my clothes for the next year I'll
be randomly finding sand everywhere
hmmm what there and I got me thinking
you know in action movies they're always
you know putting tracking devices under
people's cars or in their bodies while
they just chuck sandal them next time
there's iam secret agent life
revolutionized your mission Andreia
magnifique she golem has killed the last
three agents that we've sent after her
known associates not quite sure yet
maybe a receptionist but up to you to
find out thank you ma'am
Oh an agent I want this one make sure
you visit the professor she's slippery
understood on another mission then agent
of course I only get the call half an
hour before nonetheless three pieces for
you to take number one looks like normal
perfume however it acts like a deadly
spray to anything that touches its mist
so do be careful with that one not too
shabby professor trust me pen but it's
poison no purpose I'll let you finish
based off one of my favorite fountain
pens but the careful with this one as
well we don't want to be writing from
other with that one but um I do have for
you something very exciting the most
powerful tracking device today no
they're gonna let me use it oh yes saya
pulled a few strings my favorite agent
let's see what we have here
sand√© be careful with this agent you'll
never get this off of you and then
those chase scenes will end so much
faster I've got it hey Suge Ola oh
sand sand sand sand oh I give up this is
disgusting it's like sand everywhere I
can't get it out well that's alright cuz
where you're going
life's a beach sorry hello agent did we
get her yeah I've got it right here
excellent did you use that beach line uh
huh yeah I did I did yes
did she laugh not really no what well
I'm not sure she got it
Oh well that got dramatic but you know
sometimes I enjoy finding sad in myself
cuz it's like you know you've seen and
you remember it's like your sand child
you see it you remember the good times
you had it travels with you you know
what as I say it out loud I'm realizing
it's not really a thought I should share
with people yeah comparing sand to
children the online series of a woman in
her late 20s now I apologize if you
missed it I put up a video a couple of
Fridays ago and you should check that
one out because it ends a lot less
awkwardly than this one is right now
it's my favorite sand child of my two
sand children thank you for your
feedback on my last video as we go into
porno music slash comment time I will
make the comments slightly larger so I'm
traveling at the MoMA the way which is
why the background is different a couple
of you asked me if my handshake had to
be practiced I put this up on my
Facebook and Twitter but just to give
you a quick peek and two secret
handshake
sorry sorry that was a little touch come
on make my hand I don't know why I did
that
please enter a secret handshake
she got Reno has been way ahead sweetie
and also I was asked if I was making fun
of people who lose their virginity in
their twenties in my last video for
those of you haven't watched it you what
the hell was that last year about no I
wasn't making fun of you if I had my own
way I wish we were all asexual robots so
you know I don't care when you lose your
virginity as long as you're thinking
about me all right
this maybe is my least favorite sad
child
