hi so it's talking to somebody about
when it's your birthday and you're just
about to blow up the candles and then
the kid ruins it and he's blowing out
the candles too cute you guys should
blow out the candles together but let
him do it okay and there you are
watching some kid you probably don't
even know that well blow spit all over
your cake and it's like mate I am ruined
your moments wait just let me zoom out
Oh maybe here amy is just being born
it's not how's it going it's baby Amy's
first status how's it going how are you
a way to give me a big juniors old smile
Amy
Ted K I'm only joking I'm not that petty
I love kids a lot no oh and props to the
observant people who noticed from the
two seconds of the television screen
that I showed that I played xbox quite a
few people asked me my gamertag and I'm
terribly sorry but I'm really bad at
Xbox and I can't tell you my gamertag as
you kick my ass so hard but one day when
I don't suck I'll share that information
with you but yet well done and also a
few people noticed that I had a leather
jacket hanging and made a few smart ass
comments about me getting wild with the
violin and the leather jacket yeah I'm
gonna lie are you pretty wild sometimes
I put on a pop CD I play along okay it's
porn music / comment time and yeah
that's right man leather jacket and
violin okay with being through this I'm
pretty hardcore and yeah I you know I
don't know why I keep putting blonde
jokes and I feel really bad I have
nothing against blondes it's just that
the jokes make me laugh and you probably
would have noticed that a lot of the
comments and just people telling me how
uncomfortable they felt I'm sorry I'm
sorry and tall guy I was
really going for that Oh people so mean
