hi so you ever wonder about those love
scenes where it's all skin and blur
every wonder how they film them
beautiful keep it going keep the
momentum they're in love
come on keep the momentum it's beautiful
it's beautiful keep going
lots of skin oh yeah feel the love feel
the love yes yes and it's getting more
intense it's getting more intense it's
going more intense keep it going keep it
going I am loving this loving it yep
more intense more intense and we're done
and of course the tragic thing is I'm
later sitting on the couch watching a
movie thinking this is so hot
it's getting so hot right now oh yeah
yes I do really react like that because
watching two people make it on
television doesn't get much harder than
that
no really around here doesn't get any
harder than that at all but I'm sorry
can I just do a quick shout out to Hank
green from the vlogbrothers he has been
making this he has a new channel up on
YouTube and I'll link you guys and he
uses annotations and he's made a quiz
show and I'm sure you guys have seen
these interactive games but he's done it
he's executed it's so well it's really
great and it's just it exemplifies some
of the creative things that come out of
YouTube and you should definitely check
it out sorry that was a bit of an
emphasis on the wrong syllable also was
gonna say yes thank you to everyone who
sent me really kind messages about my
last video and to those of you who are
like that you costume sucked you know
what power of the imagination man power
of the imagination just close your eyes
picture me naked okay it's porno music /
comment time and I must admit there is
something extremely satisfying about
holding down the shift-key extremely
aggressively and I also meet my
whispering I I'm not quite sure what
that means but it sounds awesome and you
know what don't underestimate me guys I
work my way around the craft table again
and blue Jenna be house smaller your
hands manner and do need to like catch a
flight and press the spacebar I don't
understand how small your hands can be
an Andrew walk pics or it didn't happen
