hi so here's a question for you you know
when you're watching teen movies and
there are popular kids and not popular
kids and the popular kids make fun of
the losers why do the popular kids
always make really lousy calls followed
by high-fives pick up Sheridan Bowie the
other most popular girls in school when
are you looking at you backpack wearing
freak you reading books you bought freak
yeah
paper see I'm offended by scenes like
this because I'm a loser but if some
bully had some crappy line like that to
me I wouldn't feel bad in much the same
way I fell upset by scenes in movies
where popular girls take off unpopular
girls glasses and all of a sudden
they're attractive and to somebody who
wears glasses I get offended when they
ask stupid questions like do you have to
take those glasses off and no I always
like seeing where I am I think you look
really pretty without your glasses oh my
god you look amazing so I'm over here oh
sorry can I just give props quickly to
my best friend who was in my video with
me
we were both losers still are and it was
so hard for us to do that part of the
popular girls may be like oh yeah they
do that don't they yeah oh my god you
just look like you've got anxiety what
so the popular is Taylor they stand
there and there's been nails you know
when they do this yes usually crazy me
didn't fuck you I hope it means for my
hair oh yeah that's good they totally
we're talking we're talking
who popular books you're holding your
like a book losing hope fuckin ha ha ha
loser good book loser like each other we
were the popular dead giveaways that
nerds look straight into lights yeah
don't look into them it's very good for
you yeah I get some high five
no cool yeah sorry by the way here's
some photos from supernova I didn't get
to show you guys before thank you guys
so much for comment saying hi and thank
you so much for sending me the pictures
because we all know natalie sucks are
getting photos of a camera as
exemplified by the John Green incident
I'm terribly sorry about that again I'll
get them there on the memory card still
yeah sorry no thank you for sticking by
me in this moment of geekdom that has
been the past few videos I appreciate it
greatly thank you for not on subscribing
if you subscribe first like the very
presumptions on me yes I feel the word
this much closer it's bad get a whole
lot more place to do because it's boring
music / comment time I'll see you guys
soon okay it's porno music / comment
Taemin yeah thanks for that bow James
thanks for that and yeah I know that's
why I called him Victor and I can't
believe this but I laughed so hard at
this blonde joke are you actually really
bad with blonde Drake's usually but that
one made me laugh tested this one this
one was hilarious as well and yeah of
course I know it makes that noise I
learned from the expert
