hi so I saw an ad for one of those how
to fight like a pro instructional videos
and I'm just saying that's not relatable
to me where's that how to lose a fight
but efficiently video Oh one valid Oh
hi my name is Emily you may remember
some of my other instructional videos
which include how do we know those with
these and how to look likee getting some
and today i'm going to show you how to
fight come on let's go oh yeah you like
that yes yes yes playing where's camera
oh you're asking for it how are you
doing
do you like that 500
well I'm bout to rush off to daily
triathlon but I'll be seeing you at the
gym champion you guys know what I mean
right it's like these mostly people
instruction videos are like I'm gonna
give you all the skill sets you need to
survive it's like baby I've got mine
crying and fainting
works every time Booya but um yeah oh
and the other thing is so many of them
got bullied at school and now they're
just psycho they're like I used to get
picked on at school it didn't affect me
now I kick ass echo but you know it's
like sucks to be anyone who picked on
you I don't know it really motivates
them getting bullied at schools like a
yeah I got picked on at school now I
just flinch whenever things are thrown
at me same same but different
speaking of school oh thanks so much for
sticking by me I haven't made videos for
a little bit longer than usual now
because I had a lot of schoolwork and
I've just kind of been catching up on
sleep I'm done with there with the
assignments until July so I'll be making
videos regularly and it is freezing at
the moment so I'm gonna hop into bed and
go to sleep
it's been so hard to get out of bed
lately mainly because okay it's porn in
music slash comment time and I hate it
when you sneeze and nobody says anything
and you have to do the whole dorky oh
excuse me bless myself crap it's
bullshit and I I have to admit I I
really really enjoyed this this student
teacher joke that you guys know my my
caliber of of humor and I am afraid you
were mistaken my dear person it wasn't a
a wiggle it was a waddle
