hi so you know what my main problem is
with the phrase Lowell if it allows
people to say the most asshole things as
long as they follow it up with a lull
okay this is getting weird
hello hey it's Matt is everything okay
he's a kind of angry man oh you mean the
chat no dude I'm obviously drinking I
wrote lol you sure yeah man I wrote lol
it means I'm Joey okay alright bye
because for me the phrase Lowell is
about as convincing and is consoling as
the phrase just kidding
not really it's like you know hey Matt
no one in our group likes you
I'm just kidding my internal dialogue
thinks it's true it's so true nobody
likes me but anyway I met John grading
the author and a whole bunch of really
awesome people but before I tell you
that I want to show you something else
which is really really awesome
look are you ready ready chocolate
telephone telephone drop that telephone
I passed a cafe and I was selling
chocolate telephones and I'm like this
is the most bloody brilliant thing I've
ever seen I'll have ten and um yes slap
my ass and call me Sally man look at
that that is hilarity hilarity in the
form of a telephone in chocolate um I
met the author John Green a whole bunch
of really awesome people John Green was
signing books and I signed two of my
books and he wrote them awesome
it's really nerve-racking being around
you when you're around somebody you meet
them in you're so excited to see them
and I had to kind of play it cool but
the whole time I'm like oh hi John it's
John Green John Green John Burns in
front of me oh my god but yeah um yeah
I'm sorry I took a whole bunch of photos
that I haven't emailed you guys who I
took photos with I'm really sorry it's
because I lost the cord from my camera
to my computer but I'm buying one next
week and as soon as I do that I'll email
you back the photos so if you haven't
emailed me your details and and then do
so and I'll email you back the photos
that I took with you I'm really sorry
about that
I'm also terribly sorry that this video
took so long to do like I mentioned
before I'm kind of busy with assignments
I have one more essay to do and then I'm
done for the semester so that's
extremely as exciting extremely exciting
sorry but not as exciting as chocolate
telephone took the telephone chocolate
telephone chocolate telephone ha can't
eat them now they're too pretty
okay I hate when that happens I also
hate when you stumble on what you're
trying to say because you I'm gonna go
yeah you know what I meant cuz your
throat yeah ask your mom okay it's funny
busy slash comment time yeah I know what
you mean I love when people do it you're
like hey you need an umbrella or
something they're like no no it's cool
and they
have some kind of thunderstorm or
something and I liked this joke and you
know what this why is the brass circular
and the antes plural cuz brah I thought
was really kind of fairy well I don't
know um
and yes intellectually I agree
people always say sounds I always say
sounds good for no reason at all and
yeah I have nothing to say did you guys
see this video of Joe Jonas single
ladies dance
it made me extremely uncomfortable I
felt slightly violated but you know who
likes feeling slightly violated
