hi so don't know about you guys but I
have this habit of adopting
extraordinarily lame hand gestures for
example dude what's an email address
it's kim 39 at paws I don't know where I
got this really high-tech gesture from
but apparently in my world people type
like this not only do they type like
this every single key is apparently a
word gmail.com but what's more
embarrassing is that I do it a lot when
I talk about instruments do you wanna
come to my gig tonight ah play and pause
there's that sexy move as though they
don't know what playing an instrument
looks like look at the yep yep Hey okay
my particular favorite is the singing
which goes like this because I say to
people are you singing as though any one
sings like this you know I never do the
instrument or anything like that
normally no it's rocking out and you
playing singing my kids strange right
ah of eating marshmallows in the day so
I eat marshmallows it's a bad habit but
my friend taught me this I didn't know
he was like you know what you can do
with marshmallows and then I bent over
no he said you can do the Godfather
check this out huh you can have like a
man what's the matter with you I hope
you got that otherwise that was just a
very strange movie reference like this
bugger this see if I work hard enough
I'd get a lot of the Rings reference
into every video
no I'm how often do come across light
installations like that it was outside
the Museum of Contemporary Art speaking
of which I was there last week for
creative Sydney the opening of creative
Sydney Festival which was really fun and
I'm bumped into a couple of you so to
say a big shout to Dave and sage is
quick photo sake and a few of you who
didn't email me so I don't remember your
names
I'm sorry oh but I love you and not be
Yuki for my favorite Japanese restaurant
hi I'm so sorry that you see me scoff
down food all the time
and I was gonna say oh yes my last pair
I did the hoedown throwdown in a monkey
suit which was my first challenge it was
a little bit of a misleading challenge
to have started off with now I think
about it because most of you recommended
public pranks or or more dancers to
learn and that wasn't really what I was
after I guess I was looking for
challenges that were a little bit more
stimulating don't I you know I mean
something that at the end would rip you
know would result hopefully in my
acquiring some new skills and I know the
hoedown throwdown wasn't really a good
challenge to start off with it was just
a popular bit with that in mind could
you guys suggest some new challenges for
me down in the comment section that
would be awesome I'll still keep the
ones from last video in mind but I'd
like some new ones think outside the
square you know a little bit a little
bit of Awesome hand it's time for me to
go bye okay it's porno music / comment
time you know what I looked up crumping
crumping is absolutely insane I can't
believe you guys even suggested it for
the first challenge and I eat
marshmallows like nobody's business so
even a challenge son and this this joke
made me love which I love and I got a
lot of requests from you guys to grow
facial hair which may be funny to you
but it's not so much for me because when
I grow facial hair I give you know who
are rash
