hi so a couple of videos ago you guys
challenged me to do the hoedown
throwdown
and here it is boom boom clap boom left
type my boom boom clap your mom I can't
believe you guys pick these up all the
days anyway pop the pocket polka-dotted
country fly than hip hop but put your
Hulk in the sky move side side jump to
the left stick it slide sink back cross
the shuttle and Diane you wanna drop
bits hands on it
one footed one ain't miss Debenham 6ad
step side lean left in crop circles
shake it it throw it all together that
towel roll it through the hoedown
throwdown
so he Natalie lived up to her worth once
oh yeah uh so new challenges time put
them down here make him interesting make
them fun you know something fun to watch
so no more wily Cyrus thinning stuff put
him down here and yeah maybe you do some
outdoor stuff
I don't know but listen down okay it's
porno music / comments time you know
what
don't feel bad let's play make-believe
because the little moment was actually
the most commonly recognized movie out
of all of them so feel good about that
and thanks for all the love and lord of
the rings' drugs I never thought I would
see that combination but thank you and
you know if you don't know what rope and
wizard hat means this is something that
I'd like to pass on to you guys please
google roben wizard hat and read the
change chat transcript that comes up
because it's a really fantastic you know
internet thing and it's been around for
ages and it's fantastic I hope you read
it it's great and yes thank you groovy
girl that that made me chortle and you
know what this comment bloody brilliant
makes no sense this brilliant you know
why cuz that's make sure that we're you
know it looks good or underwear
