hi so here's a question for you what am
I meant to do I constantly quote Lord of
greens for example oh and happy careful
yeah it's pretty old of my 8 that worry
dude it's my precious and today I
realized that my friend didn't actually
know what movie I kept quoting how crazy
was Gollum hey what's it going Gollum
hmm but loaded it
have you watched a lot of the Rings no
pause see the problem here is i quote
lord of the rings an awful lot not
picking up day is not our friend what
the hell did you think I was doing when
I would do things like this
no luck nope who's tricky orbit Shh and
more importantly what the hell do you
think I was doing when I did this I am
never late nor am i early
I arrived precisely when I need you do
you just think I'm extremely strange do
you just laugh at any kind of strange
thing that I do maybe maybe I can just
say something that isn't even a movie
quote funny you bitch and they laugh and
I think to myself what have you been
what have you been laughing at for these
past few years when I studied always and
I went you shall not pass and you will
giggle what were you giggling at and
when I let you borrow my necklace and
you said are you sure and I said I
choose a mortal life why didn't you say
something that was so obviously a
bizarre thing to say but I'm gonna ask
you guys tell me he can name these ready
I wrote you every day for a year mur man
want to make him an offer he can't
refuse
I'm sixteen years old and I don't need a
governess no one knows what it means but
it's provocative I could have been a
contender I'm in a glass cage of emotion
of all the gin joints in all the towns
in all of the world she had to walk in a
mine look at this stuff isn't it mr. da
okay I'm not do my little friend
I suppose I could kinda get how you
don't get some like Lord of the Rings i
supposes and a film that everyone's seen
I'll just stop doing a lot of the Rings
you guys got that I did a lot of the
Rings thing in my last video right I
hope so otherwise it just looked like
this I choose a mortal life I have to
show you guys some really fun kind of
stuff in my last video I asked you what
you would name your child why you would
name your child and how you acquired
your name I just want to say some people
acquired their name in the most
interesting way some of which included
full house the television show are songs
named after their landlord another after
Julia Roberts a Disney character after
rocky Lisa Simpson and a dog
surprisingly though we all kind of share
similar stories with our names all the
fruits that I am Zoran I don't you guys
have a favorite film that you quote for
all the time I'm not quite Lord of the
Rings isn't my favorite film at all I
have no idea why always quote from it I
guess just Gollum is just a really good
point of reference you know he's just a
funny guy that Gollum it's time for me
to go but yes you guys have a lovely
start to the week I hope you had a
fantastic weekend and I will see you
guys very soon yeah I arrived precisely
when I need to okay it's fun in music
sash comment up you know I have no idea
what this first comment was actually in
reference to but it was hysterical
and you know I think Captain Awesome
would be a terrible name I think that's
really awful and I like again how we all
have this kind of badasses there are
just names in our heads that sound
badass it's like when you watch movies
and you're like oh my god Danny when I
watch grace Lois was like Danny Matt's a
badass name I love this so she Joe
what did so she ate sushi B was that be
dear and you know what
that's very funny but you should always
use protection if you ever need some
just go to your mother's top drawer
because I leave mine there
