hi so I don't know where I got it from
but I have this amazing ability to
genuinely find lame shop names funny for
example oh hey look it's affection and
I'll think to myself as they like
perfection but for surfboards so it's
about surf action yeah I'm that many
lanes it can be something simple like
Doge fashion for dogs ah I get it cuz
it's like vogue but for dogs so it's
Doge however what concerns me the most
is how I genuinely feel like I'm in on
some kind of joke even when I by myself
for example I'll be walking down the
street see one of these brilliant signs
like about time and I think to myself
time is in spell time like the food and
it's about time for food cuz it's a
restaurant
 I'm smart it's like the fun never
ends
but seriously I will always pick the
terrific or the tantalizing over any
other restaurant in the street hands
down I was talking to a friend about
what I would name a restaurant if I
could and I was thinking about it I
don't know if it's been done before but
I'm thinking right listen listen
Rockstar yeah cuz it's like Rockstar
food work stuff cuz it's the food this
is why they call me the unfunny girl who
makes videos on the Internet
but um yeah if you guys can have a
restaurant you can name it whatever you
if whatever you could what would you
name it let me know we'll open up and
change it to be so successful but before
you answer that I asked you guys to
submit a series of challenges for me to
to complete and the most common
challenge nominations included buster
rap learn to ride a unicycle learn a
magic trick do the hoedown throwdown do
a handstand learn to krump you know I'm
a small asian girl or learn to moonwalk
so if you guys could pick one of those
put them down in the comment section and
that will be my challenge and I'll learn
how to do that
guys I had a sort you know mention I had
a sore throat so go on to these because
apparently these are more effective than
lozenges they're these things you stick
down the back of your throat and spray
and
yeah you just isn't that all good cuz
you like ah Barry case quite good in a
medicine kinda way so I just remember
there's a place called walk on in when I
go to uni there's a place called walk on
in as in walk on in to the walk
you know like Lera T okay its porno
music slash comment time everything
tastes like chicken you know what my
first prostitute hair is because my
fringe has grown out and y'all can
bugger off and this tortoise joke made
me laugh so much you guys would not
believe and I got a lot of kind of
pranking requests in terms of challenges
I think I should just do a video full of
all these pranks because some of them
were hysterical and I have an innie I
know exactly what you mean isn't it
funny when people ask you do you have an
inner and outer you know exactly what
they're talking about and skorts a
hilarious it's it's okay your mum wears
a score as well except she doesn't wear
anything underneath
