hi so you know what doesn't impress me
when I'm with a friend and they're
eating something and they turn to me and
say oh dude just tastes like foot try
some why would I want to know what foot
tastes like
but I don't want to try that now tastes
like foot no kidding try some sit right
do you have to try it I so bad and the
thing is once they do convince you to
try it they've got nothing interesting
to say bro
Dorsett I don't know why do you know
what tastes like I nibble on your mum's
when she puts her legs yeah okay shut
shut give it to me oh that cage-like
foot tastes like foot huh
and on that note why is it when people
think it would at the market it's Danish
gee drew I reckon this cheese is off
they keep eating it
like it tastes sour or something here
try some but that's what friends before
I suppose Oh my last video I asked you
guys for your submissions for your
favorite hot non hot line from a movie
what this means is some line from a
movie that is a little bit suggestive
and it wasn't meant to be and it can be
interpreted on different levels I guess
and some of my favorite submissions
included say hello to my little friend a
line from Charlie and the Chocolate
Factory which is really hopefully
suggestive and we're gonna have to play
a little game called who's your daddy
and what does he do from Kindergarten
Cop now something exciting I'm about to
side in you I want to start a new series
of challenges so when you guys to
nominate to challenge us when we make
them realistic and let's start with
small things but nominate them put them
down in the comment section so things
like you know little things that are
actually achievable like that I want you
to learn how to juggle or I want you to
learn how to walk on stilts or I want
you to learn how to salsa or little
things that I can look I can I can
achieve so it's not a disappointment
like my lamingtons I will make the
lamingtons I promise it's just it's
cooking and I'm like a real friend I
promise things I don't deliver so make
these ones things that are fun and that
I'll hopefully be able to do I'm sorry
this video took so long I my throat's
been really sorry I've been feeling
really sick yeah go on make your throat
jokes make you mom jokes I can hear them
go on I get so many on Twitter but yeah
sorry my throat really hurts and it's so
strange because I told your dad to just
be gentle and okay it's porno music
slash coming time you know what back off
I will make a lamington video screw you
all no but seriously I was gonna make a
Star Trek video but then barely
political made one and they've got huge
boobs in their video and it kind of
trumps anything I could do I know half
of you just dropped out and so barely
political boobs I have to say I'm really
laughed out loud at this aeroplane joke
you should read it it's terrible but
funny and um this this this other joke
about Bob took me a very long time to
figure out and I loved superstar's
comment that was very cute and Kichi
cuicci I don't know and the emo comment
was very gorgeous
thank you that and you know what it's
all good man door about it a lot of
people think that
it's probably because I snuggle endure
