hi so here's a question for you you know
when you're watching films and people
are getting it on and they're they're
pretty much just about to yeah pause
what is the name of that move where you
descend slowly at the knees
seriously what happens after that
because all I can think of is this
because seriously I'd be like oh yeah
I'm getting somewhere we don't know we
don't know we don't it's like a game and
yet I always leave the camera pointed at
the bed you're like shouldn't you be in
I'm just saying knees man it's hard to
bend at the knees and once you've bent
at the knees it's hard to get back up
again just ask your mom but uh yeah and
I was watching a medical drama as well
you know when the patients die and
doctors all be understanding and it's
all very you know emotional bondage like
this yeah where are they again these
doctors from because just once I would
love it to go down like this please
doctor please is there nothing that we
can do can you not touch me because
you're highly contagious and that's
really inconsiderate of you
there's got to be something else I just
I just don't want to believe it yeah
maybe you should start believing us
because um I have the stethoscope and
the swipe card and I'm not the one who's
dying cuz I don't know about you guys
broke at a hospital hardly feel like you
know I'm in a medical drama I feel like
they put me in a movie with a slip down
my back so you can see my ass when I
walk in this screen we do do drugs it's
very tense speaking of intense snap I
saw Star Trek and it was awesome
negotiate again it was so cool I decided
that Spock and I were meant to be
together
it's just wait he's weak and a little
bit down with the knees actually I'm
saying seriously the hottest non hot
line in that movie was when she said to
him I'm gonna be monitoring your
frequencies and I'll say gosh she's
gonna monitor his frequencies well ya
know it was it was very awesome
if you yet and sorry I'd also when James
is again with the green girl in the dark
and then he turns on the lights and you
see that she's green why that's not the
first thing he said was your bitch you
green but knows all good yes yes Spock
and I meant to Vega that I'm gonna make
a Star Trek video I'm so hyped about
that now bad ugly and attractive word of
the video I
have to think of another way as a system
of doing it because it's far to all over
the place what I'd like you to submit
for this video is could you tell me your
favorite your hottest non hot line from
a movie for example you know from that
movie it was I'm gonna be monitoring
your frequency laughs yeah
all right but yeah let me know and yes
well we'll organize a better system for
the other thing later on yes also it is
national volunteering week just to let
you guys know if you'd like to check out
the website it's WWF ontario unplugged
calm day you check that shit out and I
will see you guys on the upside bye okay
it's porno music slash comment time and
yes it was Mother's Day I love this
comment I love you because you came out
of your mom I'm pretty much gonna make
that a t-shirt that was pretty awesome
and you know what I am I don't need
someone else to remind me how lame I am
but thank you for doing so and M Brian
89 that was a fantastic comment and Rod
Stewart really all right fair enough to
each their own hey I saw Reza why and
what is the emo wiggle I would like to
know what the email was and dude I
totally not my when saw Ben Folds I was
so upstairs room at the Opera House and
everyone was sitting down and I had to
kind of like violently shake in my chair
pretty uncomfortable and you know what
Danny gr l16 my mum's Asian of course
she wears socks and sandals together so
good though your mom takes hers off when
she gets in the door
