hi I just got home from an air-supply
concert I'm not gonna lie I hopped out
of the car and I noticed that everyone
else was a little bit older than I was
but you know what it was an awesome
concert and yeah I did that really
annoying thing that you do when you go
to a music concert for the past few days
I've been singing nothing but air supply
I did it all the way up to the car ride
on the way there do I have to apologize
to this lovely couple because they were
unfortunate enough to have bumped into
me because I know UPSI makes them and
being that really embarrassing person at
the concert I swear when I go to
concerts they're looking directly at me
but yes I'm pretty sure I was
embarrassing biggest John Mayer fan
style I have a confession to make I want
to take several people at concerts in
the uterus what's the deal with going to
concerts and not getting into it I don't
care that you're old you kept asking
people to get into the song and stand up
and sing along and they kept doing what
I like to call the Grammy dance being
old is no excuse for not being
enthusiastic
I was so gutted because I was right up
the back these guys at the front
wouldn't even come up to give him a hug
this is as close as I got to them
guy was so upset because I bought
tickets at Leno's in the nosebleed
section and then they walk down the
front they touch people's hands and I
couldn't reach you like why are you
telling me this that why you way see my
bandwidth I'm wasting it because you
make me feel like I can because you know
it's coming you say you love me okay
it's porn music / comment I'm you know I
don't actually know what muscle milk is
so if someone could tell me what muscle
milk is that'd be awesome and you know
mrs. Beckham I saw it I saw it and I
love this flower lab comment that was
hysterical and you know what double X
strictly XXX whatever you are don't
judge me and yeah you got that was very
funny the pander in the chocolate case
someone said that give me 23 bucks being
important music time they lied they lied
and you know what I'm putting you in
because that's an air-supply
you know reference and I like that
because making love
