I have been a judge on Britain's Got
Talent for about three years now and it
has been an absolute roller coaster in
terms of emotions people don't know it
people don't think about it but I put so
much effort into trying to come up with
a new surprise look for each week crowds
love ugly people there's just something
weird about it you know just something
so surprising about someone really ugly
being able to do anything you are as
ugly as they come that you have the
voice of an angel I was so shocked to
hear such a beautiful voice come out of
such an ugly person it was amazing
complete shock you sounds incredible you
sound like an attractive person I always
try and compliment them and I always try
and sympathize you so if they're very
ugly I'll put one hand on my heart like
this if they're exceptionally ugly
though I'll put two every now and then
someone hops onstage I don't actually
know if they good or not so what I do is
I kind of I blink allies do lots of big
slow
closing of the eyes and that way you can
kind of swing and go either way you know
you have to be prepared I mean this is
the life of reality TV you know you
always need to be prepared for something
to shock you I promised myself I will
not cry and I cried last week and the
week before that I'm probably going to
cry again when that kid in the
wheelchair comes out back to not
broadcast next video okay it's funny
music / comment time I'm going to teach
you guys this thing right copper means
policemen when you see a copper you sing
a song that goes what's the color of a
two-cent piece copper cup I guess you
can say about pennies no I don't know
don't I don't know you know what I don't
know what this comment means maybe
somebody could explain this to me
I tried speaking out loud it didn't work
either and I'm not 30 this really kind
of upsets me many people on 30 I can't
answer to joke or not I thought this was
a very appropriate comment to end this
video on which is good because I'm about
to be inappropriate with
