hi so every now and then I face this
dilemma of not knowing if I should
pronounce a foreign word with the accent
hey sorry I'm late
hey my parents packing they're going
away to France
sorry where
in France ooh we weep on marshal Eiffel
Tower
we need to talk
what do you want to eat from the rest of
war
I guess the
oh my god it's all in another language
she's gonna make fun of me if I try and
say it in the other language the wait is
gonna make fun of me if I dries it in
the other language
that one
I don't know what it is I just feel like
a fraud and I feel like that person's
going to laugh at me it's like when I
befriended a girl named Anna her family
would call her Anna but everyone else
called her Anna it was spur like Anna I
didn't know which one to do it's too
much pressure
speaking of pressure what bought a new
hard drive Lee and look it came in that
ridiculous packaging you know what you
can't get open unless you like cut
yourself several times I don't know how
they expect you to open that kind of
packaging cuz I'm stupid but not that
stupid you know it's tough
should we ban you I should be bad the
ugly word of the video which is the word
scab and the attractive word of the
video which is the word fuchsia speaking
of attractive I got a new terabyte look
I would open this in front of you guys
which was my plan because I'm very
excited about it
but um I know packaging apparently is
not my forte um yeah I know very excited
filled up my first terabytes my second
one because 1 and 1/2 yay 1.4 Natalie
sorry was that uncomfortable that's
right it's about to get a whole lot more
uncomfortable because it's porno music
slash comment time just what I have
these two bottom music Sasha comment I
see I see okay yes it's extremely
embarrassing when you call something
wrong man though I think that if the
sound I heard that if the sound kind of
sounds the same like Heather you thought
I might remember the s and Michael you
Rebecca and yes it's alright people
always accidentally click report
violation or report image background so
that's cool and I love this taxi comment
and yes but one of the Facebook I think
I wouldn't remember birthdays either and
I think both of these comments tie for
final place and yes
