hi now highly embarrassing but I have
huge issues remembering people's names
when they introduce themselves it's
incredible oh sorry didn't introduce
myself
I'm Amanda hi I'm Natalie hi Madeline
nice to meet you well actually what I
was about to say was if you went through
the foyer on the left hand oh no no oh
 son it's gone can't remove your
names why is this always happen every
time I was something simple like BEC
Anna Oh Beck it's got you don't you
think though Natalie oh I couldn't agree
with you more it's ah oh look he's
showing off because she can remember my
name and I can't remember it's like when
people say do you not remember 92 yeah
my students face look like an forgets
write it down man it's cool it's cool I
got it good 92 - it's 92 92 92 92 1990
oh it's gone man internal dialogues
awesome oh snap sorry went to Melvin and
I met at da C and Dylan who were
incredibly sweet and by the way notice
the height difference yet very new 10 I
know what you guys eating but send me
some and they were crouching down as
well but I tweeted that I was going that
I was in Melbourne and these guys was so
sweet
they rode my Twitter and they came and
they met me and they brought my friend
and I lamingtons that's how awesome they
were thank you guys so much it was
lovely to meet you and um sorry guys I
know I said I was going to make a
lamingtons video I will make one next
month I'm sorry there's no excuse
there's also no excuse for the ugly word
of the video which is the word able and
the attractive word of the video which
is the word chlamydia
got a nice sound in there for you guys
that's how nice I am oh by the way I
have to give a big shout out to my
friends monitor Andy who are having a
baby congratulations and don't know
that's awesome congratulations guys
babies are awesome you I won't do that
to you baby if I if you ever let me hold
it with you that none of this I'm joking
congratulations that's really awesome
that's amazing news I can't believe it
yeah um ah sorry um because it's such a
lovely announcement I'm going to call
the following section baby me making
music slash comment time I see you guys
sing okay it's funny music slash comment
time yes I love me our love and I know
what you're saying I don't you say and
I'm gonna raise you and say I think you
know how to eat paint you know I'm
saying no I don't know um yeah you know
what I do this all the time about
forgetting the punchline it's awful
because you've committed yourself get
gone it's pretty bad a music note plug I
love your comment about michelle phan
michellephan is fantastic I wasn't
making like you know makeup tutorials
are great I was just having a laugh and
yeah can somebody explain this caveman
comment to me because I don't get it but
that's just me because I am stupid
and I cannot think of a better your mum
comment to finish it than this so well
done - I did your mum reads Twilight
