hi so you know what if friends trying to
remind you about some song yeah you know
what doesn't help when they won't sing
the song properly do you know what so
I'm talking about we used to see it all
the time I would tell you if I knew guys
and I knew it would hurt and I knew it
was over
and I'd you have to see it or I won't
know and I knew it would
Vica
okay I'm never gonna go into how
ridiculous that was can you sing it
properly I'm seeing it properly
no no photo bro what yeah see it's hard
sing properly
I knew ever
because you knew it would harden yeah
it's gonna hurt come on I'm over this
come on you're an idiot
so is your mum and look I understand
when I sing I sound like two cats on
heat but the thing is you know when
people avoid embarrassment will they try
to avoid embarrassment by mumbling songs
it just looks like they've had a stroke
and there's there's no way I can ever
remember what song they're talking about
oh by the way big shower to Mustafar
bumped into in the city yeah I don't
know why I'm awkwardly grabbing my boob
with my hand but I yeah I kind of
embarrassed because this is about the
fifth time somebody's bumped into me
while I'm in that particular ice cream
store
I should probably cut back on eating ice
creams yeah it's a bit off you know what
else is off the ugly word of the video
which is the word gargle and the
attractive word of the video which is
the word scope
oh by the way I had lunch with somebody
today and they were like do you feel
like noodles or sushi or and then they
got really embarrassed and said oh not
because you're Asian or anything which
made it extremely awkward for both of us
because that's not the assumption I
jumped to and then she was like oh well
I've jumped to that assumption thus I am
a racist and then she looked at me and
there's just this awkward silence of
like that sound effect I like noises
especially the ones your mom ate during
porno music / comment time okay it's
porno music / comment time I really
loved this comment about the Jorah
dealer looking you up and down than just
going yet well you're gonna sell it
because they're going to get married so
that was adorable and I love this tooth
fairy gave me 20 bucks but she was drunk
story and
Bidoof Reiki isn't it all pom people
tell you that you're not tired I mean
that you just want to meet you tied and
that's all that people think that this
sari and the chocolate on your chest
I'm sorry about that and MJ Stacy 84 did
you get groped when you go out that's
really lucky because that no one tries
to touch me when I go out you know I do
tie in touch
