hi so you know what's painful when
people accidentally make fun of you hey
Judy your eye does your leg hurt you're
running kind of funny I didn't have my
leg crush you mean I didn't have much oh
she means well this is awkward
no Italy
the three and make this is like adhesive
chocolate or something
oh my god it's part of her face shit is
she talking about my freckle this is
awkward
I remember one side had written a letter
to somebody might be jumping they like
all you write this with the wrong hand I
do that sometimes it's funny huh I was
like huh and before that was me acting
dumb yeah um yes sorry speaking about my
being about as bright as a 2 watt bulb I
filmed Earth Hour as I mentioned to you
guys now being the bright spark that I
am I filmed it at the wrong hour and I
captured this for about 10 minutes and
then I realized that it was actually at
8:30 and and then I managed to capture
the Sydney Harbour lights going out in
that pretty tell you what isn't pretty
the ugly word of the video which is the
word secretion and the attractive word
of the video which is the word British a
now in my last video a couple of you
mopped my teeth labeling them big-ass
teeth now I have to agree with you when
I was actually at the dentist and he
showed me I was like oh no sorry so you
have those mistaken those belong to a
giant man they're not mine mine is small
and lovely and delicate but um ya know I
left them under my pillow thinking that
the tooth fairy's gonna come and give me
some massive payout yeah big ones but
actually just left like this bill for
shipping and handling now I have to tell
you guys I was wrong as well in my last
video I made fun of the love scene in
the that terrible Josh Hartnett film I
was wrong he wasn't pleasuring her with
a feather he's pleasuring her with a
flower because that's so much better
though my eyesight is particularly bad
no I'm sorry about that it was a flower
I still stand by that that's not what
real men do because I would know what
real men do let's not go into that but
you know I do get into porno music slash
comment time ceasing okay it's porno
music slash comment time I love this
comment about pinching cheeks yeah I
would love to do that one day at a
Funeral I think I would probably feel
bad about it when they died but it's
funny
the moment and else being the plural of
the word elf is hysterical and yeah you
you know that that comment by Jessica's
toast is very true I do that all the
bloody time and like all the time and
I'm sorry that you worked it out back
say cuz I didn't mean to make fun of it
it's I don't know it's just not for me
but maybe it's for you and I I like the
Facebook and Twitter comments and dude
does your friend know that turning like
human body parts into jewelry is the
stuff that like stalkers and killers do
and now that we're on the node of
killers and stalkers I can't think of
anything to say your mum
