hi so you know when you'll be watching
the news and you'll see one of those
people in the background where they have
those windows and they're always waving
a sign and just once I would love it to
go down like this the lottery was won
but there's another one I
so reassure residents that this is
something that will bring together
family and friends and is a good
spiteful
I do genuinely feel sorry for reporters
oh because they must get so many takes
ruined because of these people with
signs
Wow baby makes everything sound dirty
Sally's shells sure Oh Sally's anyway oh
bam I get my wisdom teeth out tomorrow
these ones in the chair does it hurt I
think it hurts cuz every time I tell
somebody they go anyway apparently it's
gonna be really unattractive yeah very
ugly I'm gonna be drooling and have fat
cheeks but I don't know I look like that
when I when I wake up but hey speaking
of ugly it's ugly word of the video
which is the word flabbergasted and the
attractive word of the video which is
the word etiquette my last video I made
bottle the attractive word of the video
and I received so many complaints bottle
is a hell of an attractive word guys
think about it kids say it all the time
bottle bottle say it it's fun no shh
tell you what I can't answer though
somebody was like hey NAT and how the
hell do you drink Pellegrino I drink it
like this it's very easy open my mouth
and I drink a scheme up she demonstrates
it really well she did last night drink
pouring music / comment time okay it's
porno music / comment time yes love
scenes out of this when you're all alone
wait what no um you know I'm ashamed to
say I did see 40 days and 40 nights
don't see it guys shit film but I
actually remember that scene you're
talking about because it was actually
one of the weirdest scenes I've seen a
lot like I had seen a long time so I do
remember that so I feel your pain and I
only included this because I enjoyed
Hubbs drunks comment down the bottom I
love this Twilight comment and I think
of pants fell off that's so adorable
that something my father would say
absolutely pics or it didn't happen dude
and no I didn't have a strike that's
just the way I talk I don't know what
your problem is it's my mouth you know
who likes my mouth
you
