hi so you know when you're watching a
DVD and everything is all good and then
it happens and the thing is when it's a
long love scene you never know quite
what to do the thing I've noticed is
that people often just say something to
fill the awkward silence you know I
don't know why they call them two-minute
noodles
there's always take much longer than two
minutes so chicken I never try chicken
block yeah here you should try chicken
is great you should definitely try
chicken it's definitely my favorite
flavor and it comes with a little fork
thing inside this is a really nice place
you have you are you mention again your
feature yeah yeah yeah we're thinking a
blue wall feature might be so good so
mighty good
yeah I've always liked this side I
remember you right it was it's a good
song you know the other thing is what do
you do just look straight ahead play it
cool nothing weird is happening wait a
minute if I keep staring she's gonna
think that she's gonna think that I'm
checking them out or something she's
gonna think that I really enjoy this
love scene because I don't get any of my
own you don't shut up I'm gonna look
away yeah
wait if I look away she's gonna think
that you know that I couple of you asked
me where I got the the fake spiders from
for my sliding escape video and you
asked me if I bought them from the
dollar shop I didn't I bought them from
the news agency and they cost me five
bucks which i think is a lot because I
got this for two dollars fifty this is
way bigger I'm sorry pretty ugly you
know what else is ugly the ugly bird of
the video which is the word squat and
there
tracted right of the video which is the
word bottle submissions now open a
couple of you asked me why I didn't like
the word serendipity I didn't like the
word serendipity because it reminded me
of a terrible film called serendipity
and I know a handful of you alike that I
really like this film because
serendipity I didn't like it but that's
cool we just can't be friends um I just
want you guys to know that in my last
video I stood on the main intersection
of a street called George Street which
is like one of the biggest streets or
mine the busiest streets in Sydney in
the city google map that stuff seriously
and I also got this for cheaper than I
got the fake spiders this was 4 bucks
it's a crown which is a pretty good deal
I only had 5 bucks that day which meant
I had enough change to buy a mom that
night for porno music / comment I okay
yet don't worry cat dog I totally
understand you it is also my only human
contact and I think the answer stealers
is that you always use your ass don't
awkwardly squeeze past people with your
front because then you have to look at
them in the face my pigeon neck dance is
actually a dance moves that I've
copyrighted so if any of you guys want a
little bit of that action you should
write me I had a little kid once
actually come up to me and hug me
because their parents said hug the baby
but they meant like this child in the
park so mr. Red Rooster I understand
what you mean what a strange username
and bullcrap your name is diamond Tran
tell you whose name I do like though
when I scream at nighttime
