hi so you know when you awkwardly touch
somebody and no one says anything yeah
it's time to say something
trying to pretend you try to disguise
you try to ignore but your head just
touched mine yeah we just touched
touched all that strange for you like it
was strange for me yeah we just touched
- oh no I'm not gonna let this go it's
like that one time I reached over you
and you try to ignore when I grazed or
left boob yeah we just touched all that
stretch for you like it was strange for
me and we just touched oh no I'm not
gonna
was that strange for you like it was
strange for me your starch touched oh no
I'm not gonna
I'm just saying actionable podcasting
next video okay it's love music /
comment time I'm calling it that because
I told my mom to watch this video yes I
do like someone shot me in the head but
I always look like someone has shot me
in the head and you know it actually
took me a while to figure out why the
YouTube thing was green as well I
thought it was for Earth Hour and then I
was like no wait ah some Patrick's Day
and there's a squeegee in the shower
because the screens are glass but look
let's let's not get into that
and yes I am finally becoming a woman I
knew this would happen one day
and danandroz sucks to be you man sucks
to be you speaking of sucking
