hi now here's a question for you guys
how do you interpret a week because you
can interpret it as it's always sleazy
know sometimes people wink when they're
being friendly yeah check this out ready
sleazy how'd you get that who's it by or
you could interpret it is no I mean
sometimes people don't wanna just being
friendly you know like okay yeah not so
much so does that mean I could interpret
the situation like this oh hey I printed
using a boy that's really nice to you oh
no problem
she wants me done when it's actually
meant to be oh hey
I am princess missing ahoy that's really
nice to you oh no problem
oh why is nothing to you like that and
the more I think about it Winky must be
responsible for so many interpretations
they throw people off it's like what if
I say to you guys look you know what
call me anytime
what if I meant you know what guys call
me anytime
you know geez background music is epic
we should all get background music would
make everything no I speaking to a
friend sharing about Winky and she was
saying she didn't think it happens so
much in real life of course I agreed and
then the moment I did I turned around
and all my friends greeted me with winks
do you guys wink I'm just curious yeah
you know what is interesting
apart from winking the ugly word of the
video which is the word chafed I also
asked you guys to send in an attractive
word of the video and I kind of agreed
with the word silhouette I just quickly
show you guys these screenshots I sent
to me by actually a couple of hundred
people sent me these we can't show
everyone's name yes the candy teeth that
I put in my mouth went well with your
virtus mint so thanks for saying that in
and my ass you like eating them you
don't not really um a big shout out
sorry
big shout-out to the AV Club by the way
and I'm sorry about my last two videos
guys they were pretty rough and I'm
sorry about them I just kind of wanted
to not have such a big gap so I'm sorry
okay forgive me look mosquito bit me
right mosquito bit me bloody mollies but
hey that's nothing compared to uh sorry
that's nothing compared to the vibe
laughter me last night drink wine music
/ okay I have the feeling we're gonna
have to talk about Watchmen in my next
video because I got a lot of comments
and I didn't get to I didn't have enough
time to talk about in this video and by
the way guys you know there's so many
wrong comments about dead babies in my
last video I feel kind of bad for
newcomers cuz they probably read the
comments in there like dead babies and
mom jokes wow this is this is highbrow
but who needs them guys who needs them I
don't because I have
