hi so I don't know about you guys but I
seem to have this problem where I can't
tell when it's too soon to crack a joke
dude stop that's gross
stop it yeah I hate it when people do
that hey I'm a Chris Brown you man
oh not know what to say
way too soon man sorry get out of here
what are you doing I don't know why you
have a cat you have to evil even I've
never seen a cat in a movie that wasn't
evil dude it's not wanna hurt you this
is an animal hello to Steve Irwin man ah
dude to do it too soon all right
way too soon he died Manson okay all
right soon oh hey did you see a picture
of Rich's girlfriend he posted on
Facebook yeah yes she looks like she's
11 I know he says she's very mature for
her age yeah that's what our Kelly said
man dude what our Kelly was ages ago
it's always too soon pedophilia jokes
are never funny no wait I have one what
know what touch
but it's punished can i crack jokes
about heath what only joking but you
guys don't I mean right there's a
strange time frame and you can't crack
jokes during this small time frame
because no one finds them funny unless
you're me in which case the time frame
starts at birth and ends at death and
your jokes are never funny but that's
you know it's just confusing but you
know what else I find confusing the way
you guys hate the new ugly word of the
video which is the word phlegm I'm going
to have to interrupt a seder and
actually find the word phlegm that
disgusting a word in itself phlegm is
disgusting but as a word you know the
spelling the the pronunciation it's not
that offensive you know it's offensive
the word lady pronounced a leader
so some leaders hail leader dare um yes
suppose that's the same principle as
lover though I saw the reader the other
day if you guys have any opinions on the
reader because I haven't quite made up
my mind about it if you have any
opinions I would like to hear them
please let me know what you thought and
I'm sorry that the gap between videos
has been so so large it's just that you
should have been having a huge problem
at the moment I'm sure if you look
around counters and blah blah all over
the place and that's why because the
huge gap but I thought that I would make
a video speaking of huge gaps though
your mom showed me hers last night for
porno music flash comment time too soon
no it's never too soon 4.0 music slash
comment time you know what I it is
awkward when people say put you under
you know put you under somebody else on
the phone and I say Tuesday because
that's how it's pronounced yeah Tuesday
they'll be blood all over your face no
blood all over your face to know I hate
you soon I thank you by the way I spent
a long time putting the shadows on the
table I don't know why I was so pedantic
about that particular shadow thing but
that's why and you know what I don't get
that mushroom joke the first one if you
could explain it and if you could
explain this last comment to me I would
be thrilled and Maddie is a nice name
don't worry you know who sounds really
good screaming names
you
