hi now you know how I know when an
awkward situation is about to go down
I'll know because I'll be sitting with
friends and one of them will say yeah oh
wait now that tell that story
what story that story she has the
funniest story really the story about
the convenience store I haven't heard
that I haven't heard that one oh it
wasn't really funny no no it was it was
she's being shy tell the story Oh tell
me no it wasn't it wasn't it it was it
was so funny it was like the funniest
story I neighborhood and then they just
keep going so you're sitting there
watching this person I put the story
that wasn't even funny in the first
place and these other poor suckers
getting really excited cuz they think
they're gonna hear a good story I cried
I cried real tick real tears it was that
funny but you have to tell me please
tell me tell me don't be doing so you
tell it and then it goes down like this
and then he says to me
this may be convenience store but maybe
be more convenient if you left it's
better Tuesday better choose a day yeah
better she say yeah story of my life
epic joke fails got that one down
speaking of fails screen capture moment
time thanks for sending these in guys I
actually get sent so many of these it's
incredible just thought I would show you
some because it's nice to know that my
subscribers are making fun of me at all
times no I'm joking I love you guys this
is why I like you um another reason I
like is because you guys send me the
ugliest words I've ever ever read so
today's ugly word of the video is the
words snogging for those of you who
don't know snog is a synonym for the
word kiss so where would you take our
ugly word of the video and put them all
into a new sentence we could form the
sentence he grabbed her a chunk of his
lovers hair as they embraced in a moist
snog upon a thin crust of snow there
then she just feel like you've been
violated do you owe me to do it again
but you know what's interesting Michael
Hawley wrote me an e-mail which I
thought I would share with you guys in
my last video I mentioned I preferred it
when somebody acknowledged the end of a
phone call by saying goodbye before
hanging up and he wrote to me and let me
know I thought I would share this that
when Bell invented the telephone he
wanted people to signal the
of a call by the front by using the
phrase ahoy ahoy instead Edison won with
the phrase hello so instead of saying hi
at the beating my viewers I could have
been saying ahoy which is so much sexier
speaking of could have been sexier it's
porno music / comment time now I
mentioned this in my last video but you
guys kind of disappeared for my last
video I accidentally clicked ignoring
about 15 video responses so if you sent
those through and they haven't been
approved please send them again I am so
sorry I wish I could explain the problem
but it's just they shook me
they shook me as a baby man
