hi so I know it's done in TV shows and
movies but I really hate it when people
don't say goodbye at the end of a phone
call hello hey it's Natalie hey hey
where are you I'm already here I'm just
waiting on the benches at the front ok
cool hey I'm at the bus stop the bus is
running a bit late so I'm probably gonna
be about 10 late ok cool
hello hi sorry I don't know what
happened the phone cut out I'm at the
bus stop and I'm gonna be a little bit
late ok cool dude what's up hey why do
you keep hanging up hey Jill it'sit's a
hang-up not a breakup very funny no you
just didn't say goodbye so gosh oh I'm
sorry I didn't realize Jimmy to tuck you
into bed no like it's common courtesy
you say goodbye so that you do kiss on
the forehead no so I know a comment some
way to fit you
yeah chortle I'll see you soon
what but you didn't say goodbye
funny bro you guys know what I mean
though right you see it in movies all
the time so be like oh my god I can't
believe it and then I just click and
hang up if I the other person line about
hello hello Mary
hello I don't know I honestly I feel so
pathetic because it's like I am like but
you didn't say goodbye why do people I
don't know
speaking of feeling pathetic I just
realized that was pretty much applicable
to every aspect of my life you guys
watch me fail putting a temporary tattoo
on myself which is just one example of
why I'm the special kid I got some more
and look when I peeled the plastic of
this one the tattoo okay let's not go
into that I did it wrong right I wasn't
joking I did it wrong let's see
while my scar is that is being prepared
I would like to introduce the ugly word
of the day which is chunk which was
followed closely by the word throbbing
so if you put all of our ugly word of
the day's and try and form a sentence it
could form the sentence the chunky
lovers crust was moist ah okay let's see
oh oh my god huzzah look at this that is
battle wound
win I'm gonna go out and mow the lawn
now and be like yeah I'm gonna mow the
lawn after I just got out of war I'm so
pathetic in so many ways um hi to you
everyone who I saw at uni yesterday
thanks for coming up and saying hi
unfortunately uni is back speaking it
back so your mum enjoyed being on hers
last night we porno music slash common
dad ah dude I hate it when people say
coupon have you got a coupon
I didn't know that stewardess was the
longest word but when I saw this comment
I'd certainly tried it and that was
pretty awesome and yeah I don't like the
word stroke either that's definitely a
word that I could do without Thanks
thanks Helen
you're awesome and there you go mate
