hi so because we were talking about
words in my last video it got me
thinking about how I have this awful
habit where I try and slip hip words
into conversation and pull them off as
my everyday vocabulary but somebody
always picks up so it always goes down
like this oh hey you have blossomed arey
she's awesome you have got some dairy to
her she's dope oh my god she just said
dope
that's so hardcore say something that
say something it's okay you can say
something she totally just gave you an
in to say something cool word yeah she
is what did you just say word really you
just said word you talking about
step back it's gangster nut in the house
you're so lame net yeah
story of my life someone constantly
foiling my attempts of trying to look
cool speaking of trying to look cool
look what I found temporary tattoos in
the shape of a scar totally trying this
one out when I was a kid I was obsessed
with a with stick on tattoos I'm not
quite sure why because I think everyone
knew that they weren't real you know I'm
saying maybe I can pass it off as a
battles battle wound tomorrow
but while we're waiting for this yes you
know the last videos ugly word was the
word crust the new ugly word of the
video is the word moist and lines are
now open for new submissions of ugly
word of the day clothes runners-up by
the way with the words panties and
Natalie thanks guys now um let's try
this out ready ready ready I could never
do this as a kid and we see that nothing
has changed fail okay maybe it needs
just some more time that's what she said
I sent you guys to a Betty Crocker video
in my last video and I am appalled at
the level of spam look at this you guys
left over 4,000 comments maybe 5,000
maybe I can't count so congratulations
guys you just spend them they don't know
who net is and they're not quite sure
why people are watching their video
though a couple of you're like hey Nana
know why the video was scary see it
might from my perspective yeah
these children would dress up as food I
dream about food I'm a food fanatic if I
eat a good meal I'll moan out loud
seriously I picture food in my mouth
waters so you throw children into the
equation and it's just weird you know
it's weird tell you what sweet is the
fact this bloody tattoo won't stick on
my arm either when you want from me I
did it sweat lots of pressing what's
rubbing speaking of rubbing it's porno
music slash comment time you know I
don't find chimney such an offensive
word but I found that interesting and
snob is a pretty ugly word I'll give you
that I fact I think this should be
definitely re-entered into the next
round and I've never done that with a
fortune cookie but I most certainly will
try and is it pronounced again or Gant
like is it God because you're English
and you have Hugh Grant you like that
logic right there that's that's
beautiful and on that note I have no
idea why have some reviews I'm sorry and
mate welcome to my world how do you
think I feel every day when I look at
the mirror how do you think my parents
feel when they see me
