hi now because it's Valentine's Day I
thought I'd tell you a Valentine's story
instead when I was a kid my mom used to
make my lunches for me and on
Valentine's Day one year she decided to
put a little chocolate heart inside my
lunchbox which was really sweet of her
except this then happened oh here's your
Valentine bye bub I kid you not but for
years kids found it funny that my mum
was my Valentine
maybe that's why I'm so fond of your mom
jokes Oh me is on but tithe I show you
guys' yeah
it's filled with crap at the moment it
was a year ago a year ago my friend and
I decided that while everyone is
declaring their love for their
significant others and spending a
shitload of money doing so that we would
cash in so I made this box do you like
it and I put roses in it and I sold them
how strange is that um yes I actually
bumped into some people while I was
doing that and it was hard to convince
them that I was okay and not homeless
because I was selling roses trying to
make a buck um this is really awkward I
hope you guys are well something that
makes me laugh for Valentine's Day
you got your giggle guys oh you're
getting good guys are welcome to do is
that log on to hotel websites really
expensive ones try and book a room about
400 rooms were booked in the two hotels
that I had a look at which means that
400 couples having their own porno music
/ comment time tonight yeah hope you
guys are well happy Valentine's Day I'll
see you soon oh my god I do that thing
with CD cases as well I don't know new
things make me happy and you know what
this relationship is only one side
because you're not playing enough ethany
and total eclipse of the heart epic song
epic song and I like things like this
and I don't know how else you want me to
say it but it's pronounced news sorry I
was just about to put up I forgot to say
I love you guys 365 days a year and I
would have porno music / comment time
with you every single night
