hi so the most common complaint I
receive is why always bitching and
complaining why do you do a video about
things you'd like so these are the
things that I like I like how I'll
vacuum over a piece again and again even
if it's too big to go into the vacuum I
like it when people sing in the wrong
spot I was
I love how children always say really
inappropriate things and how embarrassed
their parents get your ugly
oh my Caroline that's so rude I'm so
sorry I used to love it when I was a kid
at school and I would catch a teacher
smoking I like it how I never know how
to use PCs so I'll reach over and turn
off the button wait for it to turn off
and hope that nobody notices I love when
friends see me see crap films where they
get to complain I love calling the wrong
person and then having to deal with the
awkwardness I love how people just ruin
other people's photos I love watching
hot girls get rejected for once
I like watching hot girls pay for once
and I like watching hot girls getting
bounced by bouncers for once I like how
there's always a bouncer with a ponytail
and I liked at the zoo when they say
sorry guys look like tremors and coming
out today and that's just a small nap
over things that make me happy one of
the things it does make me very sad that
moment all the people who have been
affected in Victoria at the moment in
case you haven't heard Victoria has been
suffering horrific Lee from from bush
fires and hundreds of people have have
died and it's expected to rise and
houses have been lost it's just horrific
and I'm sure you guys have read about it
in the news if you're looking to help in
any way possible the Red Cross are
looking for donations so please consider
going to to the Red Cross website and
helping out I'm sure it would be greatly
appreciated
and I don't want to put you guys in a
bad mood so I'm going to say for the
rest of you I hope that you were well I
hope that you're safe and I hope that
you're enjoying your week and I hope
you guys very soon
