hi so the weather is since cooled down
significantly in Sydney though it's
still quite hot and today I went to meet
a friend and I'm dressed appropriately
in singlet and shorts looking about as
glamorous as a dropped pie and here she
comes
doing that thing that annoys me where
people wear these superior kind of I
don't feel the heat clothes what's wrong
why are you dressed like that it's 40
degrees and you look like a Yeti so
don't be silly it's fine I've been I've
been losing weight waiting for you I've
been burning cow and I know it's totally
irrational but I get angry because I
feel like they're just flaunting their
ignorance of how hot it actually is did
my mom told me was gonna be cold when I
left the house yeah with your miles they
say see a good-looking son who are you
gonna believe yeah chortle for this guy
yeah he's sensibly dress yeah look at
this yeah
your mum wasn't wearing very many
clothes when I left there this morning
so I think she was lying you know yeah
and I know this kind of verbal abuse is
totally uncalled for it's just I feel
angry and I'm like I didn't realize you
had something wrong with you and we
couldn't be friends until now I I know
if you're just yet I don't know if it's
a superiority thing though like I don't
feel the heat
not like you mere mortals or if they're
just stupid but if you yell at them it
fixes everything how I fix many
household appliances anyway I am hint
she yelled at me and she's like don't
frown so much if you frown it gives you
wrinkles I was like oh my god really
Frannie gives you wrinkles that's awful
and just yeah it's like what if I say
don't stress you get an ulcer and then
you're like oh my god
anyway it doesn't matter any I got a
face like a slapped ass I I saw
gran torino get me a beer dragon Lee and
it was interesting I was I think I might
make a video about it a whole bunch of
people like unsubscribe anyway I will
leave you guys I hope you're having a
lovely week I hope you have a lovely
weekend
and I will see you very soon I apologize
that this video was so late it was I'm
sorry I'll pick up the pace again and
stop this awful hand action
because no one does this except pirates
aha
with ahoy dyslexic pirates on that
particularly sexy note it's porno music
slash comment time now you have to pause
and read this first comment because it's
fantastic and yeah I'm kind of worried
that I know what the peg egg dead foot
squid skin cleaner is it's really
disgusting you guys should look it up
you like that it's disgusting you should
look up I always wanted a fridge with an
ice dispenser as well now you guys might
remember butters butters wrote in in the
last point of time that they thought
Island in Austria no good sport about it
so thought I would put that up and yes I
always say things like your face - it's
really mature I actually say in the
pants at the end of everything but yes
look every time you film outside there's
a bird and it's like I'm thinking about
your tongue how to bite you alright well
your mother say
hello nedly speaking
