hi so I kind of admit that I'm pretty
guilty of sending my friends phone calls
like this hello hey dude it's Nate could
you google map something for me
Google Maps something why do you need me
to Google Maps something I'm lost that
was pretty stupid over yeah maybe you
should a Google map too before you left
the house it was busy googling your mum
Oh what what does that even mean nothing
comes up if you google my mum yeah no
when you have the safe search option on
well you know what I I had I had sexual
intercourse with your mother last night
yeah chortle anybody dude google map it
for me but seriously the reason that I
can't ask the directions in person is
because it usually goes down like this
I'll walk up to some lady I'll be like
hey sorry could you tell me the way to
Peters Street and she'll say if you just
keep going straight down the street
you're gonna hit George's once you hit
George's take a left and then you're
gonna hit lavender now once you go down
lavender you're going to keep going into
the ocean son how many directions you're
going to give me Malik still listening
to you like five directions ago God do I
look like I'm listening I hope I look
like I'm listening
geez man I can't even remember if she
said turn left or right she's totally
gonna watch me walk down the street I
think she said turn right maybe she said
go straight man I like a handbag I need
a new handbag maybe I should get a
handbag
turn to your left and it'll be there
awesome thank you so much for your help
there worries thank you and the awful
thing is then they watch you and they're
like then what are you going this way
for it's straight straight
I think I know why it's so confusing is
because people adding you don't
need to know like they tell you the
street you don't want to go down there
there should be a laneway on your
right-hand side don't take that lane way
and eat a whole bunch of officers when
you hit the officers it's not those ones
there but if you look a little bit
further yeah I know how to just write it
down
sorry about the t-shirts I got a lot of
messages about the t-shirts which is
really exciting now there's two ways we
can do it well three if you can't no two
ways you can do it one way is we can
just set up an internet store and we can
do it like that otherwise if you want I
can take it you know into a shop and
that way I can do it and that we could
check shirts before and after they're
made if you want something a little bit
more personalized I can try and organize
that and that way you know I can check
them I can wrap them and send them to
you myself a little bit more person
which is something you know I don't know
about the logistics but let me know
which one you would prefer and we can
start to organize that and when I say we
I mean myself cuz I okay I'm gonna go
see gran torino after this I'm really
excited because cinemas are the only
cool place in Australia at the moment
and Gran Torino is apparently about some
racist guy who's you know neighbors
Asian and he's all like hey gooks get
off my front lawn which is pretty
exciting because I was a GU kisses like
this is my childhood I can't wait like
Sesame Street but for Asians so really
excited about that a couple of like hang
out you didn't mention the James Bond
film and James Bond came out months ago
yeah look about the sequel can I just
say the first car chase scene Aston
Martin now for a male head to head you
serious I'm just saying
anyway um yeah thank you for being nice
about the show thing it wasn't actually
kids account I got mixed up they just
featured a kids video but um yeah thank
you for not harassing them because
harassing is not cool unless she's
really hot and she won't say hi to you
on a particularly sleazy note I will let
you guys go with porno music slash
comment time I hope you're having a
lovely week and I will see you guys soon
okay yes I'm sorry that HG takes so long
I can't do anything about it now I am
sorry about that in yes I think Chuck
Norris is responsible for moving all the
comments I forgot to hand back
are you serious if I went to Oakland you
would only buy me Makin's dude come on I
would at least take you for like
something Sammy nice I can't say dog not
take it'll be nice and I like this color
this is cute
and yes shooting come shooting videos in
public is kind of weird it's like doing
this
you
