hi now don't get me wrong I love hanging
out with mates it's fun until somebody
wants to take a photo the eyes photo
type and it's not that I have anything
against photos as such it's just when
this happens okay ready everyone
one note stop doing that thing with your
face
what thing with my face that thing where
you look like a rapist I have a thing
where I look like a rapist 1 2 3
now do you look stupid here do another
one go sorry NAT was pulling a rapist
face oh that thing where I look like a
rapist 1 2 3 not what are you doing your
face like that what is that it's my face
you ever okay one more time everyone
that could you try to look normal
yeah okay why not open you open your
eyes properly now my eyes aren't open
properly I'm Asian they always look like
that you know what I mean good okay no
don't do that you look like someone's
doing something bad from behind 1 2 D
yeah people get angry and they're like
why do you look so shit in this photo
it's like that's the way my face Falls
yeah I look like that in the morning
yeah it's like my ass and call me Sally
man I don't know what you want from me
but anyway um I had these shirts made I
got so many lovely comments like when
you get them I have the made because I
like t-shirts and I want phrases on them
that I can't find I was actually going
to make a whole bunch and make them
available to you but I wasn't sure if
that was something you guys were
interested in but if you are interested
in ordering these kind of shirts off me
then I don't know indicate so in the
comments and I will definitely hook that
up because shirts cool um I got this
really strange comment that went like
this
now the only possible solution I could
come up with would be to remove my hair
and Transplant it on to another person's
body is this what you meant I don't know
you speaking of weird things did you
guys see this
what is this dude um oh thank you for
all the movie recommendations and book
recommendations also so many titles came
up more than once I'm definitely check
them out and I will let you guys know I
am such a horrible snow my friend the
other day was saying how much they
thought Scout you're handsome it's a
good actress I only think she's being
good in his Lawson translated apart from
that she's a good actress but not a good
actress
I'm adrift oh by the way got this man
this comment
I was gonna you know go to your page and
be like hey that's kind of me but then I
saw your page and you're obsessed too
sure and that's kind of weird anyway
hope you guys are having a lovely all
end of lovely weekend you know what I
mean
enjoy the side of the week I will see
you guys very soon okay porno music /
comment time you're selling cats in real
life I don't think you're allowed to do
that on the internet and dude notes on a
scandal was awesome I don't know what
you're talking about yeah if the word is
and do you use it before you say another
vowel so I am a agen but you are a idiot
you get my drift Murakami read Murakami
like it I kind of feel like Murakami is
kind of similar though your your mum's
Frank Ellen DeGeneres's assistant get
out of town man I do i I don't actually
you can't say they've a Julie Andrews
man ah that's why Maria wasn't right for
the Abbey I see and dude come on man
when my face balls I can't explain the
wave thing though sorry random noise
aside it's just like poor Mike
