hi so my friends are obsessed we're
talking about these imaginary hookups
that might happen with celebrities in
the future so you'll be sitting
somewhere and they'll say man Reese
Witherspoon and Jake Gyllenhaal are
still dating well it's okay man the
moment they break up I'm sure he's gonna
get bunny brew and that's fine but what
I find amusing is when they ask me to
pick between one of two celebrities like
this hey who would you rather have Jake
Gyllenhaal or Ryan Gosling because
that's also likely to occur but anyway
yeah either no you can only pick one
dude either of them it doesn't matter no
you can only date one of them mate it's
Ryan Gosling and Jake Gyllenhaal I take
their mothers if their mothers would
have me what what do you mean I mean
they're never going to have me I would
have any celebrity who would have me
anyone with their own IMDB page are you
just saying that you would date any
celebrity as long as they would have you
yeah that's such bull crap
okay what about okay yep would you date
the father who used to be in happy days
Schwing okay would you date the guy from
a monk
yeah sure wingman I don't even watch the
show but I'd say yes just so I could say
I didn't monk I love this game
okay no that was kind of easy all right
what about you would you date Oprah I
you kidding me a double Schwing dude
it's Oprah he's seriously ain't even
like women did Oprah gives you presents
under your seat and gives you a car if
you lose weight yeah
you're cheap Suzy man I wish you'd stop
making your mom jokes they're not funny
okay all right okay here's a good one
what about Julie Andrews ah don't even
tease me bird Julie Andrews she's like
Mary freakin Poppins man I could be
dating Mary freakin Poppins
oh she's old dude if Mary freakin
Poppins would have me I'd be thrilled
you'd date anything would you date the
guy across the road if you were famous
and he'd have me
only joking I'm not actually that
shallow it's just I just really love the
way people you know with especially with
celebrities I give you this strange
ultimatum between one impossible and the
other and it's like okay it's like when
my friend saved me hey NAT would you
rather have you know bigger boobs or
longer legs it's like shit son I'd
rather grow a third us just so I can see
the supernatural should happening you're
on the saying Mary I apologize that this
video is so delayed I was meant to put
up a couple of days ago but you know
it's just it was so hot in Australia
I've been lying in bed naked trying not
to move because I'm scared if I cause
friction my hair will set alight so I do
apologize about that
I finished the books thanks for
convincing me to finish them off if you
have any book recommendations let me
know because I love books books make me
happy except while I don't recommend
toilet I'm not gonna read it do you hate
me that's okay cuz Edward Cullen told me
he hates you I'm joking hard you can
like whatever you like just don't like
around me unless it's Danny real life if
you like the movie day in real life we
cannot be friends it's just a rule
someone was like hanging that you know I
saw your movie you know movie review of
Danny my life that has been harsh it was
harsh the way I treated my mom last
night for like in an in real life just
joking um I saw a couple of movies that
you guys also recommended also sorry
word order
I saw sunshine which was recommended a
couple of times throughout the comments
sunshine was good yeah thought the first
half was really really good for the
second half yeah but no it was good kept
me entertained so thank you for that any
more movie recommendations loving them
have a lovely weekend guys hope you well
and I will see you very very soon I'm
sorry this was so so late see you soon
I really liked the response with the 5
grand thing that made me laugh a lot
and I'm sorry that the HD takes so long
to load I like I said I hope that the
the front page if you want to watch it
you can watch like that yo great
expectations was not a piece of shit
what are you reading at the moment come
on I want to know I post things up
before I M so you can wake up the next
morning in Melbourne to read them yo
and yeah more Colker and how long did
this comment take this is worth an
erotic comment I've ever read and now
it's just random noises at a corner
music
