hi have you guys ever noticed how
whenever there's a report about you know
somebody's body being found they'll
always interview the neighbors and the
neighbors always say the same thing they
always say ah so she was such a quiet
girl you know she kept to herself mainly
just it's very devastating just like any
other girl you know just this is very
sad very sad why they always quiet and
nice the loud people look get killed
it's like once just once I would love it
to go down like this after being
reported missing by friends the body of
the 23 year old woman was found here on
Saturday night bound to happen one of
these days you ask Devil's eyes she had
the devil's eyes
I mean at the end of the day I'm nice to
people and I'm alive I'm saying and I
just between you and me something wasn't
quite right you know just something
something was just a bit yeah over there
that's something about it was just weed
you know just he would always Park her
car in other people's driveways and I
was like one day somebody is going die
that's kind of cool but yeah I just
never want my neighbor's to describe me
or something so dull as boring and quiet
and they have no idea why I got killed
hell no man I want to be like you know
man Natalie was like gangster man she
was thug I was scared of her she had
people coming over the house like for I
am I don't know they were like members
of you know the crime community I want
the reporter to be like Natalie was
believed to be involved in many criminal
activities in fact the killing may be
involved with some of the most dangerous
gangs in the world that's the kind of
death I want man booyah um that'll never
happen because I'm really uncool I was
never asked to join any gangs even fake
gangs as a kid I told people I was in
gangs but they laughed at me I was kind
of like that movie that never quite
happened you know this summer but you
know the girl from the wrong side of the
tracks gets caught up in the wrong crowd
then they keep walking and they leave
her behind her this summer that's me
speaking of why I'm so uncool a couple
of you were like hey NAT have you tried
reading Brideshead because you like
Evelyn what a guy's come on like give me
some credit mask of course like read
brides as like good poultry everybody's
like reading gab did it's like ask me if
I know Dickens um I do I am deacons I
like how sorry I am and like great
expectations I don't know why I own so
much Dickens I own up I think I own most
of Dickens even really really bad
Dickens and all I like is great
expectations that's weird I'll keep
reading the two novels cuz they got too
many people saying keep radium movies I
saw Revolutionary Road and milk
as I said I would yeah yeah both good
films um Revolutionary Road is all about
the performances and milk made me cry it
was very you know emotional yeah as you
can see no it was very emotional I cried
a lot um I have seen Slumdog to me
people keep messaging me about Slumdog
and The Wrestler watch my other videos I
mentioned them it's all good I tried to
make you guys lamington sir I'm talking
quickly because I my video is keep
taking too long
I made lamingtons and I thought I was
calling the process for you know so like
hey yo guys i'ma teach you how to make
lamingtons and I tried to teach you how
to make Remington's and then I realized
that I didn't press record so I'll make
a lamingtons again when I finished this
batch hmm did you guys how to make them
so here you guys didn't like the noises
I did it my opponent music time I'm
totally doing them again this time I
don't know what a yokel is so if
somebody could tell me what are yo CLA's
that would make that comment make a lot
more sense and that lie maintenance I
don't know why I found that comments
everybody yes thank you for the smartass
gladiator thing you know what I meant
wrestling come on man it's it's
distracting yo um and yes thank you I am
I have always been part of us line in
fact I'm pretty sure I'm the mayor of
this land and I know that this was kind
of a cruel comment but I found it oh so
hysterical
