hi so I have a friend and my friend has
this complex that I like to call I'm a
little girl who screams of big men in
the streets even though I shouldn't
complex the thing is you know we'll be
walking down the street somewhere
somebody will be like hey - it's nice
tits she'll turn around what did you say
what did you say - what do you do yeah
that's right you're an asshole
yeah why you may think this is funny
it's not because she starts screaming
abuse like this yeah what's wrong big
guy you're not getting any lovin maybe
it's cuz your penis is too small
I am so sorry she's crazy
that's right you're an asshole what is
your problem cuz I have stuff I want to
do in my life and Big Friendly Giant
over there is gonna come keep my house
because my friend won't shut up he's not
allowed to speak to us like that it's
Bru yeah you do that when you come over
here and say that to my face yeah I
don't I'd also like to please is keep
doing whatever you're doing and
meanwhile some poor bastard is standing
there on the receiving end going oh my
god get out of here he turns down the
leaves and then she gets all satisfied
and is like oh that's right walk away
cuz you're a chicken yeah
and the amazing thing is she doesn't
even need to be offended in the first
place you yell at somebody because quite
often I'll be like come on man you can't
just let people talk to your way back
there where yeah screw you lady screw
you lady what'd she say what did she say
yeah yeah oh what'd she say she didn't
say anything I had the same shirt as her
oh sorry did you grow up on the island
and water for flies or something she's
really lucky Narns kicked her ass cuz
you know as an indication as to how weak
she is she has trouble lifting like
opening the window in her apartment
right so she'd be like hey yeah screw
you and I'm sitting on her bed I'm like
are you crazy because he literally can
say I know where you live she like how's
he gonna know I'm in a panic but I mean
I'm home I'm like hey screw you and I'm
like um level 1 2 3 4 uh this address
cool I know exactly where you live she
is really lucky no one's kicked her ass
cuz I'm a wuss I don't know I didn't
approve of this kind of behavior I'm
such a wuss that somebody will say
something really offensive to me like
racist you know really horrible and I'll
turn I'll be like that was weird I
didn't appreciate that in the nighttime
to do didn't say something to me I am a
really huge was um but with him walking
on the city a lot and she's a pretty
girl you know she's gorgeous and she's
obviously going to attract attention I
don't know what a problem is I'd take it
as you know thanks manners that's really
nice of you but she gets crazy
speaking of walk around the city I
bumped into five of you um in the space
of two days so to say hi to Ian and me
here we're in Max Brenner
how good is max Brown yeah you know it
I'm high too Zhang from qbb um we should
catch up before you go and to let me
just a check sorry and to Rohit and
Mabel who I saw on the train you guys
sat behind me for like 40 minutes and
didn't say hi and you said I wrote an
email you like I'm pretty sure that you
knew
we were talking about you I know I was
just like every day and then I turn
around and say yeah man don't pick on me
did you really know it and do that on
the phone so you should have said I
shouldn't like you you suck or something
no you shouldn't say that because I
would have cried but um yes I will catch
up with you guys because I'm terribly
sorry that I didn't get to say hi
probably if you say hi to me and you
don't look like you're in a rush to
leave then I always often to take people
to tea but people usually say hi and
they run away or something so stick
around say hi in advance so I can take
you out to tea um what else what else
what else
oh yes have any of you read this cuz I'm
a huge urban warfare but I just can't
get into this at the moment I want to
know if it's worth sticking through and
reading and similarly Earth Wharton who
wrote the age of innocence
I liked the age of innocence it was a
good book but I can't get into this so
let me know and I saw a couple of films
thank you for your recommendations I saw
the wrestler and I saw the Curious Case
of Benjamin Button let's start the
Curious Case of Benjamin Button it was a
good film but I don't think it was
fantastic
don't shoot me down I mean everyone's
got personal taste I just kind of felt
that it was a little bit long for what
it was it was based on a short story and
there were just a couple of scenes in
there which I didn't think were
necessary but that's just me
I loved Cate Blanchett though um tell
you what is a great Cate Blanchett film
because I know what great is know um
I found that I really enjoyed Cate
Blanchett that's kind bland chatter
that's kind of you know stayed in my
head is notes on a scandal which also
has three tensioner and it is a really
intense really great performances so if
you want a DVD movie to watch you know
on a rainy day then I recommend that and
I saw the wrestler and the wrestler was
a great film um I think the thing is I
understands but this is just me again I
think that I didn't get enough from it
because I didn't grow up in the right
culture for it like I've never seen
wrestling matches on television ever and
that really was kind of Wow and I guess
it was one of these is one of those
films or you know they talk about
wrestling but wrestling really doesn't
have it's not the you know the point of
the film but for somebody who's never
seen wrestling I was like is this what
people really do so it was kind of
and it was also I think kind of based on
the actor and you know you need to know
a bit about the actor because the
character pulls from the actor in terms
of you know he's somebody who was big in
the 80s and you know you know you know
it was kind of referential to real life
and I didn't know enough about him I
think to appreciate it fully but it was
it was a good film and I'm going to see
Revolutionary Road and milk this weekend
so thank you everyone for your
recommendations and yeah I think that's
all thank god you're like geez just want
to get to comment time so here we go
yeah you know what mate I would probably
tell people to call an ambulance as well
I really enjoy that comment and this
lamington interaction thing I have no
idea what's going on there and I say are
at the end of my words guys because I'm
on an island and we all speak like
pirates so give me a break and yeah
while lemming shortens - that was very
funny and I like how specifically eight
o'clock moment was that was fantastic
and yes he says Drive I have no idea why
