hi so I was thinking the other day you
know in films when somebody's about to
die and you know the other person's all
like hey let me go get help and then
they go no no there's no time and then
you know they'll say something really
meaningful like tell mom that I love her
and then they die right
now how do they know there's no time
what happens if they don't die what
happens if it goes down like this you
tell mom that I love her
I mean I guess you can tell on each end
today burn a DVD action 11 Sopranos if
you double join if you can do it say my
elbows
oh boy
when I scream
could you get me they have any Rosberg
ones
and it always intrigues me how people
always have something really really
interesting to say before they die like
you know it'll be some hidden kept
secret so they'll be like I guess that's
not dead because I was thinking about
what my last words would be if I got
hurt and I think it'd be something like
this fucking hurts
actually more likely like this can you
reach into my pocket for me
are there any more Mindy's left no we
ate all them industry
oh shit my apologies about porno music /
comment I'm not being there in the last
video I have no idea what happened it
was was kind of like porn I was only a
couple of frames y'all wanted to see the
music's a little bit distracting and at
the end of it you were like was that
what I wanted to watch I'm not quite
sure that was strange but I don't know
why it's here on my computer when I
exported it's there I've no idea it's a
problem when I upload and process so I'm
sorry about that um speaking of which
actually of high quality videos I didn't
know if it was worth it because I got a
couple of messages from people saying
that um that high quality isn't
available to them so if you're going to
leave a mess engineer not to encourage
YouTube you could be like if you're
going to leave a message in the process
maybe you could tell me if high quality
is working for you because I don't be
making videos that you guys can't watch
because the normal quality when you make
high quality videos is just
high-definition whatever is terrible and
I don't want to be uploading videos
y'all can't watch so yeah that was a
good story not television I think I
might Slumdog Millionaire won an award
um might won a couple I don't I don't
watch a ward notes they're kind of hard
for me to watch um but yeah it's a
fantastic film I'm really glad that a
whole bunch of you saw it because it was
great there's a whole bunch of new
movies I really want to see I want to
see no doubt which has Meryl Streep and
Philip Seymour Hoffman I'd love to see
what's that other one milk and the
wrestler they look good and there's a
French one I have loved you I loved you
so I can't remember want to see that one
and I kinda wanna see a Revolutionary
Road because it's like Jack and Rose are
alive and I love Kate Winslet she's no
but um if any of you have seen those
movies please let me know if they're any
good because I'm very keen to watch them
or if you've seen any good movies that
you'd like to recommend let me know a
couple of you are like what a lamingtons
because i ate them in my last video
lamingtons
are the bomb um I'm gonna eat let me go
after this video actually and
that was a good story I'll keep that one
in the story Bank as well um lamingtons
are amazing if you if you're a keno um
I'll show you how to make them in a
video soon I don't know um yes I think
that is all that I have to contribute so
let's give porno music slash comment
time that sounded sleazy
let's give porno music slash comment
time one more try radio this doesn't
work then I'll be damned oh no I really
liked in the video about escape plan so
everyone kept saying just play dead for
some reason guys I don't blame me but I
just don't think on vacation as a brooch
it's a very funny approach though but um
yes no some really good escape poems I
can't wait to go through all the video
responses for them so thank you guys for
sending them in in regards to the last
video I am I didn't know yeah like I
mentioned some of you had seen Slumdog
that's awesome and yes I don't know why
you all like hey did you you know starve
yourself to eat that cake
uh no I ate before the video and I ate a
fter the video like I said I grow
sideways
um and what else was I was gonna say yes
I do you think like a boy it's not a
good thing though and yes I am a new
blood I am a I'm a I'm a mudblood
as Harry Potter would say what the hell
man music hasn't stopped yet
you
