hi is so hot today sorry my friend I
were having a conversation about your
rational fears you know things that you
worry about that it just really highly
unlikely to ever occur what you know one
of the more common things I always worry
about is when I'm having a conversation
with somebody and they're talking badly
about somebody else I always worry that
one of our mobile phones is gonna ring
the person who we're talking about
wait it's not gonna ring her your
phone's on lock isn't it check your
phone
ah no check your phone
Oh Mike
proceed and to me that's quite
reasonable because so often I get calls
from people who don't know that they're
ringing me but then my friend got really
pissed off the other day because I was
explaining this absolute fear I have I
can't even explain so what happens is
this right I'll be killing it in sitting
a big fan oh that was gross and then
I'll turn around cuz I'll send something
I'll turn around and there it is and
you'll be like I saw you do that okay
but you're just a spider in bag you
killed my brother
I bet I didn't know that was your
brother I'm really sorry man imma kill
you are you serious yeah I'm gonna come
in your bedroom at nap time when you're
sleeping and I'm gonna kill you I
freaked out I like try and revive the
insight to turn around and it's gone and
seriously I'll stay up at night and I
won't be able to sleep because of this
fear that this spider is going to
recruit its family and they're gonna sit
in the corner they're gonna watch me you
know they're like watching me from their
webmail back doing their web thing in
the back there she is man just wait what
she sleeps and when she sleeps we're
gonna cover like revenge cuz insects are
smart man they're smart yeah sorry see
it makes sense in my head a lot of
things make sense in my head yeah said
many many serial killers before me but
you know I'm saying I'm just wondering
do you guys have any irrational fears
because to me it makes sense but to my
friend it sounds you're rotting but it
makes sense me my parents had this
irrational fear they were going to have
you know drop kick of a kid no really do
you guys have any kind of a rash appears
and do any of you have that insect thing
because if you do mmm I could package
sorry about a distortion I got a package
from Helen which is awesome nurse nurse
and it is from the US and it's one of
those things where you need stick you
know scissors and so ok yeah
no this is because I'm Superman that was
really butch yeah okay yeah
I know why you guys watch me my strength
and that's really sweet thank you she
got me chocolates which armor eat now
which means this video good so good this
video has to has to go I hate it when
you crack jokes and you're like huh look
at the time people you're not wearing a
watch you like your fucking drop tea and
look how I've got me this and she's
Helens incredibly thoughtful right when
I met her she gave me a Polaroid camera
because I wrote on this forum that we
all ride and I was like oh I really want
a Polaroid and she got me one and then I
mentioned that I really wanted to read
this book and she got it for me cuz
she's a really flat with person and I'm
a douche and all I sent her was a
Christmas card Thank You Helen that's
very sweet of you
ah I'm gonna read that now I mean look
it's one of the vlogbrothers no that's
awesome thank you what I have to say is
so hard today when my fish died yeah
not sorry that was not one of those with
my clownfish I don't know if you guys
noticed I got a little bit geeky over
the holidays and I have another tank now
yeah that's the kind of hot stuff I am
alright imma let you guys go let me know
your irrational fear I really loved this
comment I thought that was brilliant
because you always try for first and
everyone does hate you and it doesn't
make any sense
and I like this comment as well because
yes there is no uphill on both sides I
don't know why you I don't know what
that means but I won't threaten you and
um yes boobie touch uh red wine 65 man
you've been watching my videos for a
long time I remember your your comment
name and dude killjoy killjoy to me
that's quite reasonable because I do
have a lot of tasty pops
