and that's how I do it that's how I do
my night look we're going out for dinner
cuz dinner would be nice every now and
then no you know what it would be nice
just to go out to dinner maybe you could
pretend like you like having me around
no that's okay you can just keep texting
into my phone who is this are you doing
with my son no oh I missed you too why
are you missing Tina at 10 p.m. at night
my phone that's a bit weird so following
on from my what I eat in a day video I
thought I would focus on dinners and
tonight's dinner was a homemade vegan
pesto pasta but tonight mine was kind of
cold because I made it for him out but
someone you didn't get home till 9:30
even though he finished work at 5:00 no
one at work
knew where he was because I calls
outside you reek of perfume well we're
not so it's Tuesday which means tech
review Tuesday and today I'm reviewing
some awesome binoculars to see how they
work at nighttime they come with these
cool caps which I'm a big fan of so I've
just parked outside of my boyfriend's
work to see if anything interesting
happens I don't know um but
it looks like someone who looks like
they would text my boyfriend late at
night has just walked out of the
building and I am so sick and tired of
this getting rid of stains with natural
ingredients so I'm sorry that this video
is late had a bit of an interesting
evening um but just say you wanted to
get some blood out of his shirt because
some stupid person would did with
something even though you confronted it
cuz you've seen her texts you've seen
them you've seen them anyway so you had
to get rid of everything but you're left
to shoot in your car and there's blood
and you want to get rid of it so we're
gonna use baking soda
ain't no oh hello look who's home maybe
cuz he's missing someone right are you
okay what's wrong are you bleeding I'm
not bleeding your girlfriend was
girlfriend I don't have a good I keep
telling you I don't have a - yeah yeah
Tina's downstairs in the car we're here
to pick you up to take you to work
drinks good whose blood is that no I
followed Tina home today no I waited
outside your work and I followed her
home she's being with me all day no I
saw her she's tall brown hair she's
blonde she's got blond hair she has
brown hair
Tina is someone with brick no Tina
Tina's blond hmm whose blood is all that
do not mix prop pasta with pop banana
smoothie that's disgusting oh
