hi so I was babysitting once when this
following program is rated PG we
recommend parental guidance and I
remember thinking to myself how much
does this actually help I mean it's not
as though these things happen in real
life
give me the breath what are you gonna
keep waiting hey do you have a
parent or guardian with you oh she's
with me it's okay I'm her God oh okay no
worries we were just worried if they
look kind of young okay don't you matter
I mean I guess that you're there to
reassure and explain things
okay so what's happening here is she's
getting baggage yeah I don't know what
you matter I think he's gonna get it you
know I mean how great is the concept
that as long as you're with an adult you
can watch things happen oh my god
there's a kid in here oh good she's with
me go ahead oh okay they've got a parent
or guardian and look to be honest I
think most kids know what's up which got
me thinking there should actually be a
new classification a ypg rating so that
adults like myself know what's happening
excuse me I think you're too old to be
watching me use kick right now
oh oh I am it's all good I'm her younger
person you can continue no worries
what's she doing oh she's using kick
it's an instant messaging service
everyone uses now it's it's like your
email or your ICQ thing happening so
pretty her eyebrows are on wait a minute
there's an old person it's okay guys
she's with me you can say it her
eyebrows are on fleek
sir fleek what does freaky social
networking social oh my god I need not
get out of here it's cool she's with me
and how old are you I'm 15 that's
ancient you don't know anything about
Guang ki social networking is yeah I
know I sound really old now but I have
no idea what most people are saying and
she periscope the whole thing ooh the
shade me and my family just kicking back
her eyebrow game was strong everyone
uses kick tell you the sad thing though
I only learned about kick in the news
yeah I've become one of those old people
and they scared the crap out of me
because they introduced it like one of
those news stories are your children
sexting via kik and I was like I don't
have kids but now I'm really worried
yeah the news no but let me know in the
comments below do you guys take
classification seriously because I never
thought I did until I was babysitting
and then I get very strict about it
which reminds me of my parents because
they never ever let me watch anything if
I didn't fall in the category
I remember once at school these kids
came up like we just watched an r-rated
movie I'm not allowed to watch r-rated
movies like that's because r is for rad
yeah I grew up in a really rough
playground it did make me cry but this
video uh lets us just stop there anyway
I hope you guys that checked out my last
video if you didn't that's right you
probably didn't miss anything don't
forget to subscribe if you haven't
already and I will see you guys in a
week which is Wednesday 4:00 in the Asia
Pacific region or Tuesday everywhere
else and until then it's porno music /
comment
don't guide you through this what's
happening now is when a man loves it mmm
when two people see each other and maybe
they're just broken up with someone or I
do want to apologize that the black dot
on my lens was actually on my sense that
bothered you guys so much it bothered me
but I actually I really thought to
myself nobody will notice it seems I
can't slip one by you guys that yes I
apologize I cleaned it Jenny ran I love
the idea of you having to take photos of
your food to prove to your mother that
you're eating you'll like one of those
animals who have a webcam on them to
that their owners can make sure that
they're not ruining the house that was a
terrible comparison I meant that in a
loving way I'm sorry and yes I can try
and deny it but it's true
