hi now I never thought I'd make a video
about this however the amount of
comments regarding this subject outweigh
that you're an Asian and you're fat
comments so I thought this might be a
point of interest in the last two videos
I received so many comments like these
and of course what they're referring to
is this mark right here which is a
birthmark of course because it's been in
every one of my videos guys what but
seriously it's it's been a birthmark
that's been confused for a hickey or a
love bite ever since I was a kid
and I mean I didn't even know what he's
were ill what's that oh that's a mood
ring apparently it changes color
according to your mood but I have the
feeling your changes to body glow not
that that is that Hickey
I suppose the benefit is as you get
older the people just assume that you
get in some unfortunately I didn't know
what some was so and then after the
party we went back to my place to second
base this all that's awesome but it
looks like I was in the Army when they
got lucky last night
hey that encourage the entry of good
night and of course once you've
explained to people that is just a
birthmark weights the conversation to
end along the lines of oh well that's a
weird birthmark but your I think my
birthmarks kind of cool you know I think
it's compact it's you know it's as far
as birthmarks go I think it's pretty
much for the winning it insinuates that
I'm getting lucky no um yeah and it's
very uncoordinated for all those people
who thought it was a hickey you know her
face plants into women's breasts
there are say you guys have a lovely
weekend I'm sorry that there was a bit
of a break between I usually try and put
them up every two days um yeah you guys
have a lovely weekend and that's pretty
much it hope you're all well that's okay
Sally Katie you getting to get lucky
last night
this always cute because I was like I
don't actually value anyone's comments
move the other person so don't take it
like that and a couple people
complaining about screenshots become
fuzzy you know what can't please
everyone especially not my parents and
this or this last one I wasn't planning
on making Christmas video but thanks for
putting the expectation of them
