hi now I'm not particularly a fan of
time passing games but my friend the
other day convinced me to a round of 20
questions
see that's my friend and that's me
remember no no telling each other it was
either Beth Beth Briana side of the beam
Beth Briana no back right and for those
of you are yet to play twenty questions
it's basically again when you think of a
celebrity and then the other person can
ask questions and you can answer yes or
no where they only have 20 goes to guess
who it is so it's kind of like this am i
yep and it can be quite fun because you
end up saying really stupid things like
this so I'm a rich good-looking man the
ladies love and all the men want to be
I already opposed to games like this but
my friend was particularly irritating to
play against because she would answer
questions like this
am i alive yes sometimes no no yes yes
what kind of you're either living or
you're dead but seriously she played
like a whole heap of questions like this
i under 30
yes wait and the problem about playing
with someone is indecisive is this is
that you know that this kind of
situation is inevitable that's 20
questions I don't know who is it you're
Claudia Schiffer matrice from Europe you
said I was from America really oh yeah
thanks um I want to say thank you to
everyone who sent me a picture of them
interacting with some kind of land miles
fantastic I haven't got enough they've
only got like a small handful so I was
going to name one specific land landmark
but um the more I received over more I
realized that people just take fantastic
photos of all over land like they've got
so if you've just got one you just be
something cool to have at the end of a
video so um yeah send those through most
people just mean uploading them and
sending them to me yeah and one landmark
would work I think there's people take
them from yeah people think it for more
different types angles why every video
sorry anyway I am going to head off I
hope you guys had a lovely weekend and
I'll put yes I'll see you guys soon
am I considered good-looking yeah you
are you good-looking well like the
person who I'm thinking of is
good-looking yeah so this is usually
meant to be a very calm sleazy moment of
the video you know porno slash favorite
comment time that people like hey
Natalie your comments movin too quickly
so I slowed it down I screamed shut it
all of them I put them in a thing but my
spellcheck was on and I really saw it on
the line means I'm not making fun of
anyone and yes they're all calm but
there's a final comment I'm not sure if
this is a compliment or not I think it
might be but it's a pretty funny one
