hi so I noticed that people have this
really strange instinct and it's
basically whenever you you know whenever
you receive a compliment or something
you have the strange urge to grab it
lean forward and whisper how much it
costs and so it's a secret I noticed
this because the other day my friend and
I are having cup of tea so that's my
friend and that's me ha ha and I simply
said I've quite nice shops you that
shirt is gorgeous by the way
oh thanks 10 bucks pause and there's a
couple of things I really love about
this situation mainly that you're
sitting there and you lean in like it's
some kind of bloody conspiracy like the
shops don't know you got it for that
cheap and if anyone else hears you know
and like you act like they're gonna be
really you know in shock by how much it
costs the second thing I find funny
about this is that you well at least in
Australia we usually save dollars we
don't save bucks but whenever you're
talking about when you got something
bucks seems to be the appropriate term
10 bucks and then you proceeded to tell
them how much everything else costs on
you as well and look I got this further
down the road and he was just winning
and look I got these bracelets and both
of them for $75
that's Jade and look I got his genes I
got this g3 in the same place and then
we're down under $180 as well and
there's this awkward moment where like
if you're on the receiving end of it you
have to constantly act surprised like
wow I can't believe you got that through
that much that's incredible like it but
it-it's it I don't know I just find it
funny sorry I just find it funny how we
just have this strange we all turn into
pirates basically when someone
compliments us it goes from dollars to
bucks 38 bucks and you know what else is
funny how we act like I said like how we
act like we stole a little something
that would be impressive sorry that
would be very impressive if you like hey
nice shirt Thanks
stole it yeah I would be impressed by
that but I was always impressed sir I
should stop grabbing my shirt and saying
you know prices cuz that makes me look
like the kind of you know what I do
outside of videos major key not really
um oh thank you for all the comments in
my last video sir I guess a really
really really funny comment and I love
reading them and thank you for my video
responses oh and I'm terribly sorry I
was going through my video responses
because I like to watch them all I
actually do that I just approve them
because I like to watch them as I
approve them and I accidentally declined
two batches that I didn't mean to so
there are two pages I accidentally hit
ignore instead of approve so if you sent
a video response around the time of the
maxim models video or there was one more
video bloody hell
sorry I'm in the two batches so if I've
rejected your video response and it was
relevant then can you post it up again
I'm really sorry I didn't mean to do
that but hey I watched you more so
that's why it takes so long to go
through the process okay I'll talk to
you soon
comment time sleazy
taxi you can't get this stuff for 18
bucks weekend
