hi so I was in bed the other day that's
me in bed now this story is so exciting
I can't contain myself
hush but then the phone rings and the
conversation goes something like this
it's Tammy are you still in bed it's
three o'clock no no I was just uh I was
just exercising right look um I need you
to write down something really important
for me cuz I have to run I'll be there a
moment um could you write down the
address of the place for me tonight and
the number oh yeah yeah already get a
bit okay and I realize there's something
extremely intimidating about the
question have you got a pen because I
mean let's face it they're just pens man
I've already asked you once to find one
if you couldn't find one by the time I
asked you the second time then what I
use stupid so you lying you say yes but
then the conversation works like this
it's a hundred-twenty mining Road the
number is nine nine five eight seven
eight nine nine and the extension number
is three yeah got that yeah
okay cool write down and I'll see you
tonight bye Oh 100 and fuck I mean
that's not too bad I can just say I lost
the piece of paper at least you know I
just tried to remember it but then I
thought about all the other stupid
things I've done when I've been put on
the spot without a pen one of them
includes drawing imaginary like numbers
into the carpet like this yeah all right
aha
yeah or better yet I use my finger as
some kind of imaginary magical pen and
looks like this okay yep yeah you get
you okay yeah okay all right okay bye
Shh and don't lie to me I know you do
that magical pen thing right now we all
seem to conjure up this magical ink when
people ask us to find pens we don't have
one that's all right I'll just draw it
with my magic foot right here huh yeah
I've even done the whole scratching into
my skin thing anyway um a couple of you
mentioned sorry I forgot to say my live
a couple you mentioned the adds threat
of being around my videos how a lot of
them are one of the ones that comes up
quite often is are you stupid or are you
dumb or something like that
don't feel bad I you know you guys like
I'm starting to feel bad are they
targeting us is this or that would
demography got you guys they put a mix
in my head I don't know maybe it's just
something about this mug um oh and the
other ad that comes up apparently is
about weight loss which is funny I
speaking your food weight loss food you
see this is my problem
I got a video response by guy cord Ben
Montague who goes to UNSW which is my
uni and I think you kind of hinted as to
whether or not I go to the food court
the food court there I do because there
is a machine and if any of you go to my
university you'll know what I'm talking
about there is this machine they install
you know one of the ones where you put
the coin in and do this just in the claw
goes down it picks up the you must know
what I'm talking about now because I
just acted I pretty much am a machine
right now always that one right I can't
win one of those toys and I've spent a
good amount of money on that machine if
you can win a toy from that machine
can you let me know because I'm
desperate to win one from that machine
mmm thanks for wasting that amount of
time for my life not all I know now is
that apparently you're stupid or the
demographically watch of you you're
stupid and you can't win a toy from a
machine I'm guessing
