hi so I like my food peanut did you want
to get something each or do you want to
share what is share and you know I admit
it I occasionally take a photo of my
food but every now and then I wonder why
do we do this
I mean what do you do with food photos
because with normal photos you kind of
share them with friends they're a memory
but it's not like you're going to do
that with food photos here's a photo of
a sandwich looks amazing and here's a
photo of the muesli that I ate in the
morning and you're not going to share
them with your grandkids
this is a beautiful shoe buy eight ones
in a cafe I like hamburgers thought that
one looked pretty good and a lot this
was the person next to me they had like
a dessert thing thought it looked nice I
just snapped a photo put it up on
Instagram yeah
hashtag lemon hashtag slice hashtag
cheesecake hashtag shouldn't but I will
hashtag yodel which got me thinking
imagine if your memory of occasions got
replaced by the pictures of food you
took oh when was this taken
I mean I remember taking the photo of a
sundae but I don't remember who I was
with because all I can remember is this
picture of the sundae but maybe it was a
guy
it's a really good Sunday cuz you know
then the food photos start to outweigh
the people photos and then what happens
not that is stunning
it's alright it's totally worth the walk
ah I forgot my camera would you better
take a photo on your phone
yeah thanks yep all right
so everything okay oh yeah sorry just
checking my gmail replied what later all
right
right art one two three
oh no what's wrong I've run out of space
on my phone
Oh is there anything you can delete oh
not really
let me know in the comments below
because I am curious if you take photos
of food
what is your ratio of food photos to
normal photos and what do you do with
them afterwards do look at them again
after you've posted them otherwise if
you're not a food photo taker does it
bother you when people take photos of
food let me know in the comments below
also some of you asked in my last video
what happened after I fell in the water
true story I saw in a nephron rat
swimming past me yeah that wasn't
horrifying
I drank rat water that what happened
this video just go crazy well I had to
get it off my chest cuz it's been
bothering me but yep anyway let me know
in the comments below your you know your
food photo habits I will see you guys
soon
Wednesday if you're in the asia-pacific
region I'll choose everywhere else don't
forget to subscribe and I will see you
then
now it's pono music / comment damn I
like salad salad looks nice when you
kind of shoot it from up the top
buttercups true love I appreciate that
you were probably joking but it was the
most exercise I've had in I think maybe
two years of course you know today of
the robot revolution yeah of course the
first time a robot got a vote that's
right well I had to share which that day
and I liked how many of you talked about
wanting to skip the fake skip and I had
in the middle of my video that doesn't
hurt guys it cuts deep and you know what
buddy
Touche Touche
