hi yes different background will explain
a moment however I want to say first
like my friend caught my bluff today
because I was doing something that I do
quite often I don't know if you guys do
it but I whenever people are struggling
or something like that I always offer a
hand you know I always offer help and
more than not I'm actually of no
assistance at all so it'll go something
like this okay so heavy okay leave your
hand
Thanks and pause this is where it goes
wrong whoa whoa help though you can take
it
sorry I'm I'm usually really good but
I'm usually really good at upper body
but I worked out yesterday
and the worst part is that I'll make up
some kind of excuse so it'll be like you
see just it doesn't work okay yeah
that's this weird are you making sure
that you're holding down the the press
button on that
maybe if you press the play button and
the display button at the same time or
visa bad I was bought it yesterday I
went switch on I'll give your head so
all you have to do is press display and
play at the same time all right well
what about we try out on about the Triad
mode and display maybe it might have
been moments but I'm pretty sure it was
mode and display now let me try a couple
more because I definitely fix mine I you
know what actually I'm looking at your
remote and I'm thinking that your
remotes broken this is what model isn't
yeah this might be one of the colder
ones I think they had a lot of holes I
was trying to figure out why these
moments just remain in my memory I think
it's because of the sense of
hopelessness you feel when you can't
help them
yeah I know here you prescribed me one
add a no-go one of those um Chuck fit me
again sorry I'm so hot
it's go on of those arm
because um ya know this is uh this is
definitely one of the those new child
safe ones they've actually they're
really hard to get it get open I think
you are you need oh did this come with
her this is uh this is definitely one of
those those crazy childproof ones I mean
oh I could open it for you if I had my
my oh and when someone asks for help you
can't help but feel flattered like oh do
I look like an able person I think I
have an able person anyway maybe that's
just me but yeah sorry my best friend as
i was claiming that something she had
was was unable to be fixed turned out
just the battery but era that was way
below what i was thinking i was thinking
of like just you know dislodged like
motherboards um thank you so much for
the amazing comments in the last video i
love when you guys comment i wish i had
interesting comment questions all the
time
i don't have one for this video but the
LA if you have spare few moments I I
seriously recommend you go through the
comments it was a relation to what name
had you know drew bad associations for
you and people wrote fantastic stories
and just sometimes I was just like one
line and they're just fantastic just
like the shade when I put it up on my am
on my profile keep it up for a couple
hours you should check it out um oh why
then your background no I don't like
this new background do you live in one
room in one room only I do but um in not
to suggest but I don't go up um it's
it's that time of the year again you
guys remember when I go around and I
I just leave my blogs for about three
months I decided though this time I'd
keep them up but it just means that I
have to make them in different places
sometimes so I do apologize um what else
oh and thanks for the ratings
guys that's thanks for making fun of me
right I was like you know you guys are
kind of lazy with the ratings usually I
get like 1000 do those ratings last one
I got like 8,000 thanks yeah you haven't
got me cuz if you're here I do nothing
to you because I'm I was but um yeah
Monday Monday you like you're the case
of the Monday I just know you're Jason
piss me off
