hi have you guys ever noticed how you
don't even need to know the person but
when you hear a name and its associated
with some kind of situation in which
you're displeased you immediately throw
your body back and make fun of their
name no no that's cool that's fine yeah
okay we'll see you Monday
bye he canceled as usual what is his
problem what has he got on some
appointment with some woman called Tracy
Oh Tracy sorry
it's stranger that cuz I go well trust
if your name is Natalie of course you're
gonna be in Dickon he quoted you how
much 5,000 let me have a look
that's ridiculous love of a reliable of
love and have estimated the total cost
to be five thousand dollars you're
sincerely look forward to doing business
with you Oliver Sanders I know I never
liked them and I realized that sometimes
I just I just want to find out people's
names so that I can walk them back I'm
just checking now but I am afraid that
I'm not going to be able to process that
for you until Monday what do you mean
you're not going to be able to get
instant I got told that I could get it
delivered in two days but I'm terribly
sorry but I'm not gonna be at a
processor
Who am I speaking to my name is Marie
well Marie I was definitely told that I
could get this as soon as I ordered and
it's horrible because for some reason
their name just becomes evil and you
remember all the people with the same
name who pissed you off in the past hey
all the books are borrowed out except
for one which I managed to get
thankfully so I'm not dead but the rest
were borrowed out to some go good Amanda
who borrows out all the books apparently
people called Amanda I knew and Amanda
she was a bitch and it's just oh and you
know what this is something you can
write for me in the comments and I'll
explain this a moment what's the one
name that you could never ever name your
child because of the Association you
have you draw from that name to a person
you know who you've you've encountered
throughout your life because I was
talking to this woman she recently she
had a baby and I was like oh wow such a
beautiful name how did you come up with
it she's like oh well my husband died we
ran through a few names and he wanted
this name but I went to a school with a
woman with that name is just she's
horrible I couldn't even eat much and I
realized that people just have such a
strong association just with a name with
with some character the Vivi encountered
you know in the past I was wondering do
you guys have that is there is there
some name that you could just never name
your child if there is write it down and
tell me why tell me what they did to you
it has to be someone who you've known
tell me what they did to you to make you
feel like that because I was thinking
about I could name my child you know
after my met my childhood nemesis and I
never ever think about it I think I
could name my child after my sister and
I never think about my sister I'd just
be like man you poor bugger you got all
your mother's straight as a baby you
probably like her blogger and her voice
anyway
um that is all and what else oh and
thanks for the ratings in the last video
guys I mean I'm just stating facts I'm
not whining or anything and I'm sure you
won't be offended you guys are pretty
lazy in terms of ratings and that's fine
but my last video got like the 4000
ratings which was incredible have the
sneaking suspicion was because I said
the phrase tips and violence for the win
I don't know if I should be amused or if
I should be offended but anyway I'm
sorry about the four day gap but I'll
make another video in most two days it's
easy
like Lauren Lauren Lauren yeah
