we're gonna say duh I'm gonna tell her
exactly how I feel until she can't just
take my stuff whenever she wants to that
she has to give it back oh yeah oh hey
hey hey
um I borrowed like your gray jacket
couple of months ago anything um I spilt
some beer on it and your I was wondering
Chi borrow it for a party after dresses
a whole bar you can watch you can borrow
it for how the hell cheers thank you
shut up hi look baby now I know that I
may exude a sense of physical dominance
and superiority right here and my
muscles may scare you but don't be
deterred I am just human the thing is
I'm a huge wimp right I'm sure you
recognize that I'm sure you click the
thumb now because you're like let's see
what this wimpy girl has to offer but I
do this thing and I did it today I don't
know why do I tell people that I have
the ability to confront and it's really
embarrassing because I always worse out
no I don't care next time see everything
to a straight out flight you're a bitch
no I'm serious eNOS hey Jess hey um so
the teacher went like nuts at me for
breaking your glasses oh that's okay I
actually feel like I'm it makes me
stronger to not have my glasses cuz
that's great well I took your book
because I want to cover your answers for
homework so border yeah
what's worse as I offered to confront
four people god I hate I am I'm so
cringe red no it's fine it's fine no
this is - she's upsetting you no listen
she has no right to upset you let me
handle it
Hey
so it's Natalie are you like that fugly
girl who hangs out with Rachel yeah
right
um listen I'm kin with Rachel at the
moment and she's pretty upset
oh I don't know you got my number but I
really couldn't care afraid to talk
about the seafoot building
seriously if you call me again I'm gonna
have my maid come to your house you so
far up the ass they put in tonight even
though you don't wish you were never
born right right
okay well um Oh
I think I think she'll be bothering me
down I don't know what my friends must
say they must get kind of oh and you
know what annoys me is when you retell
stories you know when you tell somebody
about how upset you were because of some
injustice that's happened during the day
so it'll be like she really did and I
was like I'm really sorry I don't know
who you think you are but you did you
say that no but I thought it do I look
like a friggin grew a six-pack overnight
of course I didn't say it I thought it
why do people do that you know they do
it this really condescending manner
they're all like did you say that did
you did no I was you know I'm almost as
if I would say that shit don't you value
me being alive as a person cause I
didn't say I thought it but when you say
I thought it it never sounds as good
does it it's you can think of many
things I think many things that will
never happen in real life
that sound pathetic didn't it no I meant
like a lot of violent thoughts going Wow
no I didn't mean a lot of shit don't
report me there's no valid thoughts
I was gonna say there's good violet but
good wailing I think it's time to go yes
I was gonna be like - oh you my baby
City voted to remove easily and that was
that was my comic relief
I used after-effects by the way from my
video before a couple of people asked me
what I used for the the video with the
ring girl that was After Effects um I'm
sorry that I apologize profusely for the
poor King that went on in that video um
it was actually part of a huge it wasn't
meant to be an interview I had I ended
up changing the whole idea about half an
hour before I posted up so I do
apologize and they take the candy video
got taken down but was by mistake and I
was going to put up again but the yeah I
might redo it with a t-shirt on sorry
um yes when I talked about talk about
violent thoughts and tits I think that's
pretty much me done yeah that doesn't
get ratings I don't know what will
