hi now this video is a bit of a rant
however I do apologize it is done in
jest however this is the second time
it's happened and I've received messages
again so I thought I should mention it
g4 TV has featured me in their list of
women of the web which is their weekly
countdown of attractive women on the
Internet and I know it's meant to be
flattering but just hear me out
it's a little passion izing you know why
I kind of thought they're throwing me
scraps cuz it's like they put me human
yet human in a list with a maxim with a
whole bunch of fucking Maxim models
women with huge tits tits the size of my
fucking head with each right human Maxim
model
it's like putting fucking cats and lions
in the same list yeah they may be from
the same same family totally different
it's like it's like you can buy these
cats right you can buy them anywhere any
pet shop you want but a magazine model
it's a fucking Safari exotic shit
happening right here man you can't look
I don't mean to anyone who's got those
hopes a bit you're not gonna date a maxi
model you don't know date a maxi model
and I'm not gonna date a magazine money
I didn't even like women you know what
if a maxima model came I'm talk to me I
don't know maybe I'd go for her you know
why cuz they're there you're never gonna
get one the only time you're ever gonna
get close to one is maybe if you see it
sleeping in the wild and you run into
the same frame and you take a photos
shoving your facebook that's it it's
misleading it's unfair it's like the
websites and they have those adverts and
they've got the women in like oh you can
date me I'm in your area no you're not
and you know what even if you were in
the same suburb as me you wouldn't talk
to me and let's face it if you're in the
same room as me you wouldn't talk to me
you know what those glasses take them
off
I hate those to have these women in
those ads have glasses they can't read
you can't read bullshit you there's
people who stole answers from me in
class yeah beautiful people don't need
to read then they're beautiful I know
what they do you know what it's like
these women have tits
so large these implants these crazy
implants I don't know how they see their
feet it's like you're number ten number
nine no that ain't Natalie number six
fuck off
seriously man I like my eyes and you
know what you know what it's Maxine
veterans they referred to them as Maxim
better that's like Maxim veteran Katrina
max it I'm a fucking McDonald's veteran
sorry Shh shit Mike's even better enough
being there done that done a couple
centerfolds Popoff ah you know what I
mean they're right it's like sprinkling
humans in there with a mix of fucking
goddesses give me a break little bit
patronizing no it's like bitch in a
webcam fucking make it their head making
Fox on one of the list this guy's making
fucking Fox but putting humans makes the
meat in books seriously it's like when
you go through magazines and they're
like oh look you and Jessica Alba you
look like Jessica Alba yes just buy her
shampoo by she's fucking Jessica fucking
Alba
