hi so as watching the telly the other
day and one of those renovation shows
comes on I don't know if you guys know
I'm talking about but they're the ones
that look like this hi thanks for
joining us what we're hoping to do today
is achieve an oriental feel backyard for
mrs. Chen and hopefully it'll be a fun
surprise and I've always been very
curious as to why no one ever reacts
like this and just to finish off
we've also added in this beautiful
oriental pot plant speaking of which I
think the backyards ready and I think
this is chance on my time that's got
milk
hi mrs. Chen how are you who are you
I'm Natalie and I'm from renovate your
backyard TV and we just ran Avengers I
get where you're out gonna have a look
how did you get the keys in at my house
are you going to clean this up when you
go how did you get because I would be
like how did you get the keys into my
house renovate my backyard my ass cuz
that's the kind of priests person that I
have yeah I know but really why they
know more interesting responses like
these
hi mrs. Chen how are you oh sorry I'm
not mrs. Chen what this is Chandler's
it's 31 this is 29 shit
I'm so sorry
I'm from renovate your backyard I'm so
so if we ran out of time we didn't
expect you to come home
because you know sometimes they decorate
them in the most hideous way where
they'll be like hey this person likes
surfing so everything in the backyard is
going to be you know beach themed
there's a stupid bit sorry lose it um
what I want to say thank you to everyone
who responded to the audio preview man
video I wasn't expecting so many video
responses and text comments um thank you
I really I wasn't expecting I'll have to
go I have to go through the maimoni gone
through about half Jo for ages like it
took me a while to figure out whether
people were trying to be mean when
they'd write things like you know
go fuck yourself you're really stupid
why are you talking and then down the
bottom would be like that sounds really
funny in audio preview I don't oh okay
that's a good story tell it again write
down give to the grandkids no really
thank you very much for all the comments
and stuff I'll go through them very soon
and it'll take ages so like 4000
comments and about a hundred video
responses I'll go through them but thank
you for thank you for responding it
feels awesome
oh and I think I'm gonna get my video
mark back for the storyboards I'll let
you guys know how that goes and I'll be
filming another video project for my
classes so if you guys don't mind I'll
share that with you as well huh and if
you do mind him too bloody bad because
I'm over here he can't beat me up we
could that I wouldn't like to tell you
to please don't
oh my god what's so glad like it and
since everyone knows it which is why
used to next week it's um
the thing medieval that's next week
States you now
