hi I want to show you guys something to
make sure you have your credit card
ready they are over 18 no seriously
check this baby out look oh yeah I'm
gonna pass that off as a battle wound
right there do you guys ever do that I
don't know why but kids do that the
strangest things when I was a kid I used
to have some strange no she instilled in
me that perhaps I could pass off you
know scars and bruises as battle wounds
which was really awkward because I'd
have conversations like this see that's
me being a douche and showing off my
scar and that's my friend being
concerned and then I'll say something
really douchey like this yeah what you
believe in it gets
it's okay uh a lot more yes a really
yeah it's all right though I'm okay yeah
see the other guy kick the shit out of
you
shit yeah because it's so less glamorous
to tell people what has actually
happened honey what happened they're out
of a tree I don't know her I don't know
where this comes from cuz I see I woke
up this morning I was like all right
battle weird no didn't know this is why
when I got the brewery's of my I guys I
didn't go oh yeah
guys you should have seen she just see
my fist afterwards it's just broke my
knuckles it's like I ran into a door
yeah and on that glorious no and I think
is that time to go because it is really
hot in here it's really hot I love this
I love that it's becoming warm again I
hate the cold but um thank you so much
for your comments on the Brawley video I
can't believe how much how cheap you can
get umbrellas well that's crazy talk and
if I see any of you in the streets and
you don't offer this then and like you
don't offer to let me say I'll call you
all liars
yeah that's a big threat isn't it give
they don't know
they say next to me and keep me the guts
and I would just cry and then I would
tell people the next day that they
should have seen the guy that kicked me
how many Guardians
