hi so I want to make a quick video
before I left because I was just on the
couch watching the telly okay that's a
really riveting life you lead no but I'm
just about to go out but um yeah sure
you are sorry I'll stop I'm lying on the
couch watching the telly and this ad
comes on and this has always bothered me
it's one of those ads where this happens
kids can be a lot of fun but
unfortunately a lot of fun
also comes with a lot of mess and
sometimes that means hard to remove
stains but that's why I choose to use
anti action Plus which is especially
formulated to touch that helps you to
remove tough to remove stains it also
makes future washes much easier which
means that next time one of these
happens
it's not so bad which means that I
enjoyed my time and the little ones can
as well and just in case you missed it
I'm gonna go back watch this I don't
know about you guys but this really
annoys me because I think that's it's
just it's so upsetting because in
reality something like this would happen
what kid what is wrong with you you you
just built a dream like five minutes ago
Ryan we're gonna have to send into one
of those you know what you're not mine
okay
I'm just saying it doesn't go down like
that and it just annoys me it's like
those ads where they're like you can't
get your kids day cuz like mom what are
we gonna eat like you should give them
KFC cuz that makes everyone happy um if
I didn't eat what my mum gave me chances
are I wouldn't be offered food for the
next you know 48 hours and I would die
or something like I don't know but just
like oh you know you just if my kids
spilt something on their shirt
continuously I'd probably you want
you're wearing that stain yeah you're
gonna wear that stain and you're gonna
know what consequence is like is that
child in that ad you know consequence
wow I'm a hard-ass mom no um no I'm not
actually I like children in a good way
like no um like I like them in a
genuinely good how many times does it
sound like I say inappropriate things
about children throughout my videos oh
by the way in my last video um I'm not
actually that grumpy did the storyboard
video it was really funny that you guys
read all those comments like wow you're
a bit of a bitch I am a bitch but not in
that regard I am I would never as it was
a totally made-up story and it was just
for the storyboard speaking of which I
don't know if you guys don't know some
of you might remember I talked about how
I go to UM you know a school with a lot
of care to very like an artistic I
should stop saying because of
but um I presented sorry
sirens they're after me bad joke about
the kids no I'm not going to stop
because I have to go to uni soon but I
am i presented my storyboard thing right
after some video about slavery and then
right before some video about a dead
feminist pioneer i'm not sure they'll
tell you what didn't go down well so i
appreciate that you guys liked it and it
made me love that the thumbnail of a
stick figure you know good what is it
like third top rated that day
huzzah man yeah out of breath okay oh no
i'll make a video in a couple of days
but i'm wearing braces today
