hi so because I'm lazy whenever a friend
of mine has gone outside I ask oh hey
did you just come from outside yes and
the weirdest thing happened I bumped
into that here whatever what's the
weather like outside is it warm
is it cold do I need to bring a jumper
should I bring a jacket
I can't tell or is it okay just to wear
a t-shirt tell me cuz I don't want to be
uncomfortable cuz you know checking the
weather myself is just too much effort
why don't you just google it you're in
front of a laptop cuz I'm busy
I'm looking up Jessica Alba hairstyles
2014 why last year when did it become
2015 but the thing is all I actually
want to know is do I need more layers of
clothing because whenever I do that
thing where you stick your hand out to
see if it's cold outside I just don't
trust it what's it like outside is a
wall is it cold shaping a jumper because
let's face it the head is not a reliable
source it's what you use to test the
bathwater and we all know how that goes
down that feels nice no because when I
look at a weather report I just see
numbers that are this abstract reference
and then I try and remember other days
where it was like 18 degrees and what
that felt like 18
what does 18 feel like almost the
weather that day last week was it 18
what was I wearing this isn't a real
memory net you made this up you don't
Sydney pools as if you would remember
the weather anyway which got me thinking
this is how weather reports should be
and for Natalie at home the weather
outside is what you would consider kind
of cold don't listen to Amy she is
redonkulous what you need to bring is
your great jumper not the great jumper
that you know you usually wear around
the house the great jumper you bought
that timer in the city and you had
frozen yogurt afterwards that one will
be enough but if you're going to stay
outside it's going to get a little bit
chilly so maybe you should bring your
black jumper with the hole in the back
don't worry you no one will see the hole
excellent and the reporters could do
that thing that they do now where they
go outside to prove the weather so you
can see it except they do it in your
clothes it's Jan now I'm outside and
just to prove it to Natalie I'm gonna
wear her t-shirt and it's still cold
it's very cold out so I recommend this
cardigan that you just bought
let me see now this is good yeah I'm
comfortable yeah wear this today yeah I
know I'm being dramatic but I'm a huge
worse if it's cold
I always just end up standing next to
warm air when we go outside oh can you
feel that there's warm air coming from
the vent it's so warm I'm gonna stay
here oh cool but we have to go to dinner
just go without me I'll be here when you
get back just go I know first world
first world problems I'm too warm now
I'm too cold I wish I didn't have to
carry it so wet it with me and weighs so
much I'll tell you what kids life is
hard when it's not hard yeah anyway I
hope you guys well thank you for
watching my last two videos by the way
one of them was about TV binging and the
other one was a talk I really appreciate
you guys sitting through that one and
for all your lovely comments on both
I'll mention some of those important
music slash comment time I hope you guys
have been really well and yet it's
actually been freezing here I don't know
how people survive in this kind of way
sorry I should stop talking about
weather I know what what my weather
report should say right now and at this
point of the video you should probably
stop because everyone's getting bored I
agree with that I hope you guys are well
and I will see you soon bye okay it's
Pony music / comment time and Daniel she
totes is the one she gives a
number to everyone
James it sounds like your iPad is
ripping you off big time because
everyone knows it's better to be the
little spoon always better and these are
some of the comments from Coco I didn't
really want any serious comments because
I didn't want to get too you know too
heavy and deep at the end of the video
but thank you for your really supportive
comments and for watching it I can't
tell you how much that meant to me so
thank you very much I was hoping that
they sounded real it's just me in a
recording booth laughing over and over
and over again
