hi yes I know we'll talk about this
afterwards but I wanted to share
something with you guys first because I
find this hysterical
and I heard you remembered it the other
day but I call this the don't look now
effect so basically I'm sitting at a
cafe with my friend that's me
and I say to her don't know now but
there is a huge sky behind you and for
some odd reason when you say to people
don't look now it's like bring on the
really bad acting and the strange
slow-mo because she does this
oh my god just alright here's so hot I
may look again look again and I was
sitting there and I thought this is cut
then I realized that everyone does it
because I looked to the side and this
way just gives me a look and I'm
thinking that's the dart look now that's
the don't look now look do them now
there's this two thousand years later
and why belittling strangers look over
your shoulder
oh my god you're so right I don't know I
just think it's strange it when you say
the people don't look now it just
invites the longest head rolls you've
ever seen everything's in slow-mo
seriously my friends they do like the
the longest yarns I've ever seen but
anyway um I wanted to apologize I'm
really sorry that I haven't been making
blogs regularly I'll start again and
it's almost summer which means that
everyone should be happy and I miss my
mouth when I was filming that was kind
of embarrassing
