hi so wanted to make this video quickly
because I was trying to explain to cure
in the other night when we were jogging
that I really enjoyed that we jog at
nighttime because I have this theory
about joggers and dead bodies my theory
is that if you jog in the morning
chances are you going to find a dead
body and that may sound really you know
but if you think about it in the news
it's always a jogger in the morning who
finds a body here in the reserve that
the body was found the young woman's
body was discovered by a passing jogger
yeah
just passing through and I saw something
I didn't know what it was I started to
have a look and the 6-week search for
Wally McCain is over his body was
discovered this morning by passing a
jogger I saw something I kind of like is
it's the second time that I've second
time that I've found something the body
which is yet to be identified was
discovered in this park this morning by
a passing jogger the jogger yo mu here's
another one discovered near the lake by
a passing joggers to the station by a
passing jogger yeah I was running past
ladies I always go for jogs I just saw
this body and I I'm praying it if you've
seen body inspired jogger just this
morning I think I might start over
tonight yeah cuz I actually have this
theory that it might be the same jogger
who's always finding the bodies cuz that
would suck in fact I'm gonna tell you
something now and you're probably any to
any trace any tiny trace and respect you
might have had for me is gonna go really
quickly my mind is constantly occupied
with the thought of what it would be
like to find a dead body not because I'm
one of those people not because I'm sick
I just the prospect of finding a dead
body just really scares me I mean I'm
sure it scares most people but for some
reason this is something that occupies
my mind I don't know maybe I read too
many of the novel II the novel Ethan
maybe I read too many of the novel II
things and they totally upped my
literacy skills
perhaps I read far too many horror
novels as a child but I just get really
freaked out by the idea of funny dead
body in fact I get freaked out by the
idea of getting killed in somebody
having to find my body I feel sorry for
them
because yeah finding bodies I just can't
imagine
it's a good thing which is why I can't
get it through my head why joggers stop
why do they stop investigate because you
know what don't open up the suitcase I
know it's in the suitcase it's a body
yeah I know what that pile of the grind
is because it looks like a body I'm just
guessing it's a body don't stop I'm
getting really worked up it's 3:00 a.m.
and I'm scaring the shit out of myself
so I'm gonna go to bed sorry I get
really freaked out but what I mean is
this whole video I'm trying to say is
guys doing jogging in the morning
because you're gonna find a body that's
not a threat I'm not going to kill
anyone and
