hi so I do apologize it's been a while
since my last video but I wanted to tell
you guys a story and then I'll tell you
about LA and all of that but I recently
went to a party a couple of weeks ago I
think was a week before last and I
bumped into two people who happen to
watch my videos and I didn't know anyone
else there so it was kind of that
awkward person that butts into
conversation and they stand there and
they're like hey and then John was like
look really I swear this time I'm gonna
coffee cup
and Kieran and and Ken were really kind
and they invited me into their group and
so I was just awkward in my group of
friends who's so incredibly nice by the
way it was lovely to meet around and so
I'm just the older person and their
friends are like that's like oh she's
the Internet girl which is the coolest
title to have by the way when you're at
a party and you don't know anyone
it's like she's the internet goes she
does someone the Internet
don't know but yeah that was hot now do
again but you get my drift it's it's
awkward but no that was so incredibly
cool and nice and awesome and um point
being curing and I went for a jog soon
after and we just I just got back from a
jog which is again why I'm so ripped and
and urine was tears are a really hot
girlfriend
like she's hot you know like she's like
an 11 out of 10 and when I jog not that
I look exceptional outside the context
of jogging but when I jug I look like a
contracted disease and it might be
contagious I look like I have hay fever
and like I've had food poisoning yeah I
look like someone's having to go like
the cameras around because this girl is
fucking nuts
so we're joking and just to be polite
because I've met you know cuz I you know
he was just joking with me and we're
jogging at night I was like hey is that
cuz I am actually extremely unfair
that's like hey is so if you cool with
us joking and everything and in
hindsight I kind of feel embarrassed now
so I just wanna say I'm sorry Karen
because your girlfriend if she had
entrance music it'd be like ouch
wow you know she's she's hot if I had
entrance music you just hear wheezing
you'd be like cuz that's the kind of hot
that I am and um I'm sorry that I uh I
just seemed so uh like hey it's like
going up to butter our bride pain going
hey
it's Angelina cool with us hanging out
cuz you know I know that I'm a little
bit you know good anyway just thought
I'd get that off my chest but um
yeah it sounds really cool now I tell
you guys about la keep showing - faster
- faster - faster Dave but you can't you
can't oh that's a completely swallow
house how'd you know that was the world
record you're at 30 33 40 45 52
that's time
but with Molly and Nats at in announce
here's their first amount experience
take it it's like what packets Macker so
aggressive
this again McDonald's oh you're gonna
have a lot of unhappy Californians with
you after
malee when did we last a
and that was awesomeness combined what
else that's pretty much it so I'm sorry
this video it's been a bit long a bit
blah but I just don't tell you guys
about my trip and about meeting awesome
people and what else and how oh god oh
yeah I tell you some other stories later
sorry this is just too too long right
now but um yeah I'm sorry I've actually
made quite a few videos that never get
finished so don't put them up but yeah I
might just make a mishmash video or
videos that never make it home yeah that
sounds that sounds great Matt because
the shit that doesn't make it here must
be fucking fantastic I'll stop with the
profanity now and I will see you guys
soon
