yeah so people are there we just want
some omelette and it's like - and who is
that oh my god you put pieces are like
moly
that's not what I'm like hi guys I am
Asian don't fight again oh you don't
mom dad too hard Molly we love you just
like Molly and I are gonna be at the
Monica floor in Santa Monica at 7
o'clock and 9 o'clock for the screenings
of garden parties and that's very
exciting we got to make it a couple of
people so if you're in the area you want
to see maybe you should come see that
one because we'll do that that'd be in
this bed with a jeans denim bed okay
there may be pulldown videos yeah don't
make me fall down no but like is you
know that went through my videos might
take down you James Bond one and take in
no way yeah like all my videos are
pretty much like that
oh sorry mister Jessica Alba looks at me
she does
I'm inside these I'm really excited I
got this it at like a place that was
open 24 hours it's really weird and we
had I had an all it at like 2 a.m. and
Kevin and Christian had ha ha milkshake
so that was me
anyway we're going to Universal this
week and we're also going to do here I'm
really excited so see you guys soon bye
