hi so I have some really exciting news
I'm going back to America for the
premiere of garden party but I talked
about that in a second I wanted to tell
you guys a story I went shopping today
for some new blush this is great now and
keep it going can't wait for the sequel
but really I drew bear with me I went
shopping for some new blush and I'm
quite used to you know the waffle that
sales assistants give you but I came
across this blush and it's by NARS and
it's called orgasm and the shop
assistant said to me babe because they
always call you babe you are gonna love
this blush it's called orgasm because
when you put it on your cheeks
it is literally natural pink like you
just had an orgasm I just got one on
Tuesday and I couldn't help but think to
myself if this were a blush that
actually did make women look like they
had just orgasmed there would be
conversations like this happening
everywhere you look a little bitter
plusted corny thanks sis you blush I'm
trying it's called orgasm it just makes
you look like you just
ron's did you do something different
today no I just like you don't even know
where this cigarette came from its what
kind of unsatisfied - I'm really used to
just the bollocks that's fed to you on
cosmetics laws because I used to be a
cosmetics floor salesgirl but um yeah I
was from those bitches you can't try
this product
you're ugly no no really I was really
the kind of person you looked at um I'm
buying any shit that you're selling uh I
want to look nice but um what does it
say oh yeah I remember oh yeah that that
problem just displayed there that's
gonna present quite a few problems later
in life I imagine guys so it this has
never happened before I actually
remembered what I was gonna say so I was
getting back changes like oh my god I
remember huh sorry again this is a great
story now I'm writing these ones down
just keep them coming anyway what I
remember - that yeah yeah I was gonna
say does this kind of marketing work
because women you know where we're
exposed to a lot of stupid marketing and
I guess suppose women must fall for it
because when I watch a lot of
commercials I'm like really does that
work I guess so
but when someone says to me this blush
makes you look like you just orgasmed I
think in my head so it makes you look
really stupid like a joke and like God
is has a really sick that you know
really sick sense of humor
no thank you I don't know well that was
to rinse you realize maybe long I'm
really excited I'm getting great to see
the premiere of God and potty and it's
in it's just I don't know it's just
really exciting because I get to see
Molly again and it has the girl from the
ICN who plays Kaitlin Cooper and I just
I'm so tempted to go up to her and be
like so I was really
your sister day because you know people
just have the strange thing where they
can't you know separate an actor from
their character probably not in fact I
won't do that cuz that's not funny now
why did you think that was funny I don't
know anyway well because it's 3:30 this
is my excuse oh what a shame
Oh apparently I have to hang out at
Pinkberry cuz Pinkberry is the place
where all the celebrities hang out
because they all have frozen yogurt I
don't actually think I would recognize
any celebrities because I just found out
who a con was a couple of weeks ago and
I was stoked because I was like oh oh
and it's not a con it's a con and this
really upset my friends I also found out
his Snoop Dogg was and what wasn't who
else to don't find out that I don't have
a radio I should probably get a radio my
grandma phone broke I should probably
get a radio I should probably get some
kind of you know reason medical reason
as to why I can't think in without
getting distracted every few seconds but
um
oh I remember I found out who another
celebrity was but obviously didn't stick
this is okay
she's that way just bring he's a
brilliant name okay I'm gonna stop but
yeah so I'm very excited and Molly and I
are gonna go to Disneyland afterwards
