hi so every now and then and I don't
know why well no that's a lie I do it's
because these are slightly smaller I get
an influx of racist messages and usually
I ignore them but I got one and it kind
of maybe I'm just a little bit sensitive
today but let's have a look
you're not Australian oh sorry I'll
correct a couple there are still some
more but this is easier to read
you're not Australian to me you're not
Australian you're only a paper citizen I
don't care what you say cut with the
racist bullshit the only people I call
Australians are the white founders of
this country who were born and bred and
built this country the aboriginals are
natives to this country but I wouldn't
call them true Aussies because they
didn't create in Australia the wines did
I don't care what you say back because
the truth is you're only a citizen
because of a bit of paper I don't agree
with you being here my reasons are that
non-whites coming here are destroying
the Australian Way of life get the hell
out along with your stupid as family
planting seeds for future generations
get the fuck out the thing is you only
got it half correct I mean I'm just
going to plant a couple of seeds huh I'm
going to plant as many as
well question get technical I'm gonna
get as many seeds planted in miasma nice
Andrew yeah I'm going to have as many
slanty-eyed kids as possible
you aren't know where to look it is
going to eat them big communist nation
of slanty-eyed kids
we will rice paddies all around your
house through your neighborhood and then
you know what when my kids are old
enough I'm going to send them to the
same school that your kids go to I'm
gonna play in the playground then one
day when you're at work my kids gonna go
to your house you know like bring a big
dance dance revelution mat put in your
living room floor then they're going to
go in your bathroom and wondered dirty
little faces in their towels they're
gonna dry clean all your shirts they
replace your spoons with chopsticks
they're gonna teach your kid another
language they might even you know bring
one of those things that you keep those
this tooth bits in but the one you have
dining room table put well there's ugly
tablecloths and but you know soy sauce
and that next to it yeah they didn't
know much and you what's gonna happen
when they're older your kid is gonna
fall
who wouldn't
have little slide my kids your grandkids
gonna look like me how do you go back
and you know the funny thing is fine all
right
foreign I mean sorry
Oh
you
