hi so I was watching garden party and
there's this scene in it and it just
said it's honey explain just made me
feel it just made me cringe because it
reminded me of all the stupid things I
used to do as a teenage girl probably
still do them now but there's this one
particular scene there at this party and
there's this cool musician character you
know he's all stoner cool musician mrs.
stoner musician acting 101 with medley
but um here's that this partying is
singing and then afterwards this girl
comes up she's all like hey I really
like just said you know she was far more
attractive than that so that but it just
reminded me of when I used to do this
like I've known in a in a nice way I
used to go up afterwards I'd be
fascinated with big band members and I
think I really liked your music but it
never turned out well I never got to be
a cool griffie it pretty much was like
this high is that me oh yeah
is this orange oh yeah because there are
dried up at 3jp I bet a lot of kids here
are drinking but it's I mean it's a
label you die I really thought you said
was really amazing yeah thanks
dodo I mean it like it was just it was
really good I made the chord change that
you did it was dice it wasn't just from
you know the first to the fourth to the
fifth I liked how you switched to the
minor at a different point like just at
the budget can we get out of here this
is just ain't pissing me off like
everyone here is like so lame and so
mainstream sorry this is uh this is
Kylie she's one of ever be Scotty this
is a dick oh hi do you want to come with
us we're gonna hear no debate she'd go
like skinny-dipping even like from a
store oh no I believe you decide they go
break out in a rush to be fair though I
suppose that the groupies and the girls
at the band members used to take an
interest to were kind of like this shape
happening they had the womanhood thing
happening I had this I still have this
happening hey mother nature you get on
in that but um no what's he say but
yeah when I when I play functions no one
ever tries to talk to me either
i I suppose this is really common maths
no hey come and factor you yeah when I
play functions the only time people ever
try and stop me and talk to me like this
oh sorry to bother you um could you tell
me with the bathrooms off uh yeah they
just over there if you can't going down
the corner and then just take the left
guy liek this rubbish with you thanks do
you mind if i breastfeed just but mine
juice but no one sees it could be
because the violin is not as hot as to
imagine of something that your heart
well I just did it then didn't I if from
someone I can't even remember my
sentence now I don't know why I talk
like that but I should be making some
more videos about God and party there
might be something in very cool
happening soon I think but I'll let you
guys know um what else yeah sorry I I
would act out the other characters we
cuz there's like there's like five main
characters that go through the story the
movie but one of the characters is a
pervert and I suppose I could have done
that yeah why do you know one of them is
a is a hot real estate agent so that
rules that out cuz you guys know my you
know the range of my sexy and my
subscribers are just dropping right now
and a gay guy and I could probably do
that as well but you know I'll save you
the great Photoshop now I'm gonna make a
video in like three days
yeah my fish tank is fixed
yeah I was that groupie that was like oh
Jesus Christ she's here she's gonna try
to open up the gate there how much I
like you guys for the record this is me
being Hawkeye
