what is it drugs firearms I bet you're
full of secrets action you think I'm not
gonna be able cracking you just way too
superior yes so you're the person are
you you think that you can get past
airport security dude no no no nothing
like that it was today but you'll see
about that won't we
so what happened I'm just doing my
routine inspection I look at her she
looks a little bit dodgy so I go over to
her and I'm like thanks you can zip that
up now and ask me do you have any
weapons on your person only one but the
ladies don't complain hi so sorry quick
disclaimer you're not gonna like these
videos if you couldn't sit through my
housekeeping you've been warned
okay so I'm going to tell you guys about
New York it was amazing um I saw girls
sorry you're like not this girl's story
again but I may tell you it cuz it was
amazing
I saw girls and I was really calm and
dignified when I saw them it kind of
look like this hello you're the coolest
thing in the world
hello
there's two guys why is it that sticks
an S do they live up in trees what and I
remember thinking at the time like wow
there are all these people I've been so
keen to meet for such a long time
standing over here and there are
squirrels which would do different is
that the noise you make duh um oh and
look a squirrel necklace Katelyn and
company got music ooh a necklace how
cool is that
I got American socks can you see them um
isn't I don't know if you guys have say
look I wear attention at this time huh
one step ahead of you I I got um sorry
in there's this Japanese magazine called
BB magazine and that was Hartnett she's
beauty and she was grace um there's this
japanese magazine called VV magazine and
the girls always wear like these
american apparel clothing which oh and
the short term American power um and we
don't have American Apparel here so I
got very excited when I saw these look
easily amused
and I got this which if you don't know
what it is it's a hug would scarf and
look I'm part of Gryffindor the geek
comes out um yeah I got it from the big
Schwarz toy shop visit which is amazing
by the way there was so many crazy
things in there there were these dolls
that just freaked me out
you ready Natalie finds her baby brother
and sister and what else oh your coins
laughs sorry this video yeah
that the doll don't know this dawn off
gets a lot of attention every time it's
in a video by the way when I had the
bruise on my eye and everyone was like I
bet she's gonna say that she has high
doorknobs um I do and maybe that was the
reason but then I realized everyone was
suggesting that perhaps I got hit but
guys come on look at me
who the hell is gonna start a fight with
me um yes my daughter it is that high
are all doorknobs in Australia that high
I don't know I don't think so but
you see how you feel abused right now
that's how I felt after I saw down in
real life
Steve Carell you let me down um yes
sorry that was really just for hardcore
people who just wanted to know what my
trip was like I'm gonna make a website
soon and I'm gonna answer messages that
way and you're gonna have to control if
your name because that's the way I'm
gonna do it because it's just easy for
me to read down and just type um yes I'm
sorry but I'll make the proper video
