ah firstly thank you for having me speak
here I am very very excited to be here
because you know this is Brown
University it's very exciting I feel
much smarter just being on the stage
right now in fact I kind of prepared a
little bit of something sorry
also I also Quinny now you've got to
give it to me Rowan
thank you thank you I thank you I'm
going to show you that to my mom I'm not
even joking but for the 99% of you who
probably don't know who I am my name is
Natalie and yeah I make some online
videos have been doing so since 2006 but
before I talk about that in a little bit
more detail I thought I'd show you a
couple of the videos that I've made over
time they started off on webcam and
they've kind of progressed so the
quality is pretty bad at the beginning
and the quality is pretty bad now so
just keep that in mind
so as you can probably tell I been
moving furniture around my house and
I've been applying what I like to call
the fuck measuring tapes I'm an idiot
technique I do
fuck measuring dates is like just as
accurate a somos it's been going you
know then this is much organic way to
like a measuring thing a I'm so smart
under that I like a tiger man fits
perfectly this has always a group of
really angry factory workers you win the
lottery why does it go down like this
workers from the local factory with the
children you want some
person what a cock heartbeat
would they decrease because when you see
them they freak out don't know where
they're going and then run away would
they also be incredibly resistant to
bugs break and death
because I don't know about you guys but
I am seriously spraying those things for
about 10 minutes and at most
it just makes a dent one of the things I
always overreact to is when someone
enters a room and oh my god I'm so glad
you're here the most terrible thing to
happen I was driving my sister in the
car then a truck came out of nowhere
bitch left the door open and looks like
this in my world it looks like this and
because I'm super selfish I can't
concentrate on anything that they're
saying because all I'm focusing on is
the draft from the door
it really means that even if she does
recover she probably won't walk again
that I so it's recently doing that thing
where you try and sign up for username
and then you remember every single user
name under the Sun is already taken
okay natalie tran take Natalie T Tran
taken all right how about this Nelly
likes Mariah Carey take it okay that's
who shouldn't know it like tomorrow
about this take what though bye wait
until the chandran and then it happened
No
no no no no no no no the cheek so the
other day somebody asks I'm sorry
would you take a photo for me oh sure
and you know I thought I took a pretty
great photo and then I see them asking
somebody else for another photo I don't
know about you guys but when I take a
photo for a stranger all of a sudden I
get into like series photographer mode I
get you to move a little bit to the
right a little bit this way yeah a
little bit more yeah a little bit more
that's perfect but today I'm here to
talk to you guys about these bad boys
right here because as much as you know
whether you like it or not being Asian
has a big impact on who you are as a
person and it will continue to have an
impact on you in the future so whether
you identify as an Asian American an
American Asian just Asian just American
or Australian whatever you know it's
something that's going to keep affecting
your life and I think this is because
it's one of the first things people
notice when they see you I can't tell
you the amount of times a stranger has
just come up to me and said something
like there is a really great Thai
restaurant that I know like I go up to
other people and I'm like there is a
really good cereal aisle in my grocery
you should check no I don't usually say
that but I might say something like oh
that's nice
I like Thai food YUM but I'm not tired
if that's what you're in for up where
are you from I'm from Australia yeah
yeah but where are you from
I don't know I'm from Sydney but where
were you from have you ever noticed how
the from just gets like softer and
longer and I find that the longer and
softer it gets it means they want you to
go further back into your history where
are you from
oh okay yeah my parents are Vietnamese
if you if that's in Vietnamese I knew it
I knew it I knew that you were from
somewhere yeah this isn't a disguise
like it's pretty obvious right but my
point is people are always going to
identify you as Asian and what I want to
talk yeah when I get asked to talk about
being an Asian in media I guess well for
me it's kind of a loaded topic right you
can't talk about being Asian in media or
Asian roles in media without opening a
can of worms I mean you have to touch on
subjects like self identity community
racism community expectations there's
all that kind of stuff in fact I usually
shy away from talking about this kind of
stuff in public because for me it's a
very ongoing very evolving personal
sometimes conflicting and shifting
conversation that I have with myself I
don't know if that rings true for a lot
of you guys as well but I want to
preface this talk by saying that what I
say today may not necessarily be how
I've felt in the past it may not be how
I feel it's just how I feel right now
and what I'm saying isn't trying to
represent how you feel or any other
Asians feel yeah it's just my personal
thoughts but my personal thoughts also
involves things like you know why do we
always wake up with bruises what are we
doing at nighttime and
here does anyone else live with their
hot water bottle at night and play it
like a fake guitar so take it with a
grain of salt but um yeah back to being
Asian because you guys were drifting for
a while there I personally believe that
in media in other jobs in life there is
a glass ceiling when it comes to being
Asian I mean there's a glass ceiling for
a lot of other minorities and groups as
well but it's something that exists and
I think it's important to acknowledge it
whenever I think about being an Asian in
media the first thing that always pops
up into my mind are those web sites you
know the ones where you can upload a
photo of yourself and it tells you what
kind of celebrity you look like because
my results would always be this
congratulations you look like Jackie
Chan and not ever loose you Luke never
even a woman I just want to point that
out it was just you look like Jackie
Chan and at first I'd be a little bit
offended because I'm like and my hair is
obviously longer than his but then I
stopped getting offended I thought about
I was like well what other options were
there really you know when I was younger
and people say oh well Matt if you want
to get involved in comedy or meteors and
you know there's a lot of opportunities
for Asians now and they do that thing
you know they go there's Jackie Chan
there's Lucy Liu there's the doctor from
Grey's Anatomy
there is Sulu from Star Trek
and then the list starts to get a bit
harder for him right they start to go
there's Harold and Kumar there is
there's jackie chat you've mentioned
Jackie Chan alright well there's that
couple from lost yeah but my point is
that you know growing up there's very
few people you can kind of identify with
do you guys ever play the game what
celebrity would play me if they made a
movie out of my life I guarantee Lucy
Liu is playing every single woman in
this room she is going to be a very busy
actress when we all start becoming
famous very busy and you know as as
Wendy mentioned before I've made a video
about this you know when you're a kid
and you're playing pretend and they
start designating characters alright you
can be the blue Power Ranger you can be
the Red Power Ranger you can be the pink
one at your the Chinese one and growing
up there were really only three
characters that I could be it was the
yellow Power Ranger I could also be the
water girl from Captain Planet or I
could be the heart guy from Captain
Planet because he had some color going
on right aside from just the limited
amount of actors that are in Hollywood
let's talk about the roles that are
available to Asians in Hollywood there
are exceptions to the rules of course
but generally speaking I would say if
you're a female Asian you're going to be
pretty much cast as either a sex object
or a really Stern woman who's you know
really career driven and has no feelings
I mean how do they know that we don't
have feelings I don't know but the other
option is we can have a pink streak of
hair and wear tans good and we're really
rebellious and party because we hate our
parents because we all hate our parents
and the roles for Asian men you know you
can be a villain or you can you know I
find this interesting Asian men are very
rarely in relationships on shows have
you ever noticed this and they're very
rarely the love interest as though Asian
men aren't appealing or something like
that I know again like I said there are
exceptions I know that this guy played
the lead in in selfie but let's face it
it's John Cho and his awesome
I really hope people walking right now
what is this presentation yeah my mom's
gonna love this one
better there there is another role that
both genders of Asians tend to fall into
Hollywood and that's the comedic relief
don't get me wrong I have no problem
with comedic relief and I have no
problem with Asian comedic relief but I
have a problem if I think I'm watching
content and you're just laughing because
we're Asian because I don't find that
funny I have a problem if I'm watching
content and what I'm seeing is just
comedic relief for these very narrow
representations of Asians and there's no
just to position and I think that's the
problem right you don't see something
showing you otherwise and to me I see
that then after a while what I'm going
to start to think is this is what the
media views of us this is what people
think I think that's a problem now I
personally been offered a few roles and
I tend to turn pretty much every single
one of them down for a few reasons
one is I can't act Chuy's they usually
have the wrong email address they send
in I didn't mean that for you but the
third one is because a lot of the
characters suffer from what I like to
call the wire you hear syndrome what I
mean by this is they'll send me a
character description right so your
character's name is marine and then
under it is this really bizarre
description which is pretty much a
roundabout way of describing or
explaining to the audience why they're
seeing an Asian on screen so it might be
like you know another character is Mary
and John but Mary Mary my story is Mary
came here because you know she wants to
further her career John's just a cool
guy whatever but Marie is here because
her parents owned the local Thai
restaurant that's her story and
backstories are fine and so a
stereotypes because they exist in every
single character on TV it's a quick way
for you to get a reference right this
guy was prom king
she's a skater she's you know a country
girl it's fine to an extent but I have a
problem when everyone else has a story
aside from
why they're there but Asian storylines
tend to be oh this is just why they look
the way they do this is why there is
more because her parents owned the Taira
I obviously say like I have a problem
with Thai restaurant I don't but you
know I would like it if that weren't the
case if we weren't constantly explaining
why we look the way we do I think the
only time I ever really see it is sadly
is in sci-fi and that's because in
sci-fi we've transcended past races
within humans right we're all just the
human race so what I'm trying to say if
you take anything away from this see
it's that the day that robots and aliens
invade Earth we're going to be okay
right so if you start seeing Cylons get
your headshots ready because we're going
to start to make sense
what do I do about this personally when
I write content I and I whatever I
reference my family or my childhood I
try never to poke fun of my culture it
doesn't mean like don't get me wrong
that doesn't mean that I don't talk
about the funny things that they do or
the funny things that they say but I
don't make fun of their Asian as'
because I don't find Asian that's very
funny
and again like I said this is a very
personal relationship and all of you are
going to feel differently I know other
people do but just personally I don't
want to contribute to making fun of
Asians because I find there's enough of
that
in Western media and I find that it
comes from a lot of different places I
just don't want to contribute to that so
an example of that is I might make fun
of my mother for example so she when I
was growing up she was always like never
ever speak to boys right don't look at
photos of boys if you see your boy run
away
she was Craig don't even use the letters
B oh why because they spell out the word
boy because a boy all boys want to have
sex with you she obviously thought I
looked a lot better than I do or
something because it's never been a
problem in real life but my point is I
would make fun of that but I would never
make fun of her accent you know what I'm
saying like there's a difference to that
I think that's what I do when I
contribute to content online I try not
to make fun of Asian estill being okay
with it I very much accept it I also
think another thing that's important to
think about is the way that we I guess
the way that we react or do Asians and
medium I think there's a lot of pressure
and a lot of expectations on Asian edges
on Asian writers and it's kind of weird
right how can this one actor just trying
to do their job represent how I feel
they may not even be they may not even
have the same story as me you know
Korean American actress doesn't have the
same story as Anastasia Knost rallyin
growing up in Sydney but I see this
person on the screen I have all this
emotion built up into me I'm like why is
what they're doing not what I want them
to do why does it not represent my
struggle why does it not represent my
feelings and I understand you know why
we have these feelings and I'm sure they
do too but I guess we need to remember
as a community that sometimes
communities can also you know cause a
negative effect as well surprisingly I
receive a lot of racism from from Asians
they say things like you're not Asian
enough you're a disgrace to Asians how
dare you act this way why don't you talk
about this subject why don't you do that
you're a slut because you don't date you
know you don't date an Asian guy all
that kind of stuff really plays on my
mind
and as somebody who is in media I guess
I'd like to share that that's very inner
as I've said before this is an ongoing
conversation for me so when people talk
about shows like have you seen
fresh-off-the-boat
I'm sure you guys read lots and lots of
articles about it
at first I had strong reactions I read
this and I read that and then I
remembered you know this is one guy's
story or someone interpreting one guys
during it doesn't mean it's all of our
stories we're not all the same I guess
that's something that's really important
to remember as well when it comes to
Asians in media as an audience I think
we have a huge responsibility as well I
hope that all of you are actively
supporting content that speaks to you
including content that features Asians
and I'm not saying do it exclusively and
I'm definitely not saying doing do it
blindly because that's weird
but I'm saying if you see something and
it resonates with you then support it
because at the end of the day I mean
it's just supply and demand right so I
know from being online that there's
definitely content that speaks to young
Asians so if you see it then back it up
you know back that kind of project up
let it be known that you enjoy it share
it because why would they ever make
content for you if you don't exist as a
market I think that's something that we
can kind of try to remember going
forward but yeah otherwise just be
honest with yourself make sure that this
kind of dialog exists because I think
it's unhealthy I know I've been in
stages where I'm like no look I'm
Australian yeah my parents were born in
Vietnam but like I said wherever I go
people are going to see this and it's
very much had an impact on Who I am and
how I've grown up so I think it's
important to have that discussion with
yourself I think it's important like I
said to acknowledge that there is a type
of glass ceiling but I think it's also
important to think you know maybe we can
do a little bit of renovating we can add
a story or two stories move the ceiling
over because at the end of the day robot
invasion is a long way away thank you
