hi so turns out I actually might be
going back to the states very soon for
the premiere of a movie garden party and
I was watching the trailer again this
morning and it starts off with a scene
of this woman and sorry this isn't
Natalie not being able to use her words
you should see me do stories with men um
no she's naked hence them I should stop
doing that she's naked she's lying there
and she's getting photos taken for cash
and it kind of got me thinking about you
know when you get to magazines and you
get to the Dodger section of the back
don't look at me like that because
everybody does it get to the back and
they're like you know escorts needed you
know strippers needed or yeah you know
nude models needed you're like what kind
of makers either you reading that cuz
the back of mine is just the Trading
Post but really if you get to the back
of magazines a lot of them have this
kind of stuff and I was thinking like is
it does it work like that is it as
glamorous as in the movies because I
imagine if I rubbed up to one of these
photo shoots one of two things would
happen either this
all this Rodney what do I look like some
bloody baby sit up I asked her she was
yeah look I gotta go giorgia soon but
sorry about that so thanks so much for
answering the ad we're just gonna take
this logo back you tell us probably your
first time right all right just take the
towel off for me thanks all right no
need to be worried it's just us right
so good making that we can Photoshop
some in yeah yeah okay could you give me
sexy nice leap whoa
okay that's enough for sexy it's so good
we have Photoshop for a reason huh
nothing like a little bit of airbrushing
a little bit of cloning you know what I
think that's enough um yeah that's cool
I like ultimate rejection don't you
think although to be fair like whenever
I had my school photos taken or my
passport photos taken or things like
that they would kind of grimace I
remember when I got my unique are done
the guy was drunk and he was like and
then he printed it which was nice
don't you love it when it's like when
hairdressers cut your hair and like
happens okay I'll stop um Aaron I'm
gonna make another video probably
tomorrow or the day after I know I
always say that but I will because I
just finished my uni stuff so I'm all
psyched up huzzah and I haven't spoken
you guys out in New York or anything
like that and I really want to because I
just wanted to share with you guys like
I saw a squirrel and everything I want
to show you the clips and everything
like that I'm gonna tell you a story
about a man this is did you imagine me
in school my mom I know
we shut up you crack me up shut up
