now you know if you guys have ever
noticed this but Hugh has a fantastic
head of hair own I'm just saying that's
lust of volume and shine right there my
friend that's a head and shoulders ad
and you know what just secretly one of
my favorite pastimes has always been to
run my fingers through his luscious
locks you're just grabbing them like
reins mainly because I'm here anybody's
body you can hold without it going limp
after 30 seconds but hey that's the
trademark of great hair and you know
what he's gonna shave it all off because
he was participating in one of
Australia's largest fundraising events
the world's greatest shave and all the
proceeds go towards the Leukemia
foundation
I'm gonna link his video I'm going to
encourage you all to check it out and to
support him if you can because it is for
a great cause
look leukemia is one of the more common
forms of cancer and your money can go
towards great things like finding better
cures and rearm treatments towards
research and towards cancer patients so
check out Hugh's video support him if
you can because not only is it a great
cause he was being very brave because
heaven knows without his hair he's got
nothing going for him
