hi yes I know I haven't made a video in
about two months and I apologize but the
thing is guys I'm gonna be honest I got
a little bit ahead of myself I thought
your I need YouTube I'm gonna try be
famous and I do a whole bunch of
auditions but nothing really worked out
something you're gonna want to dance
about is you Apple iPod Touch silos
right hot I really don't like your
dancing and your fat yeah that's that
thank you
hi Nelly I'm right you're auditioning
for a pairing gladiator - oh you're all
dressed up oh oh no I just I just had
things line I tell you don't up doing
trouble Laurel this is no trouble you
should see me at the auditions for the
sequel you know Transformers Animated no
it's a special time of the show we're
tuned so kids I need you to help me out
what letter is this
they have to ask our special guest Amy
who's here to help us today Amy do you
know what letter this is are you serious
okay
complete another kitty cat Amy this is
an A it's the first letter of your name
yeah don't pull that stuff on me kid
you're not cute enough you're Emily's
new kid and we're basically looking at a
storm approaching the coast
cut welcome back to Big Brother 700
manual eviction votes and now in with
Martin and it brother
who do you vote for um this week I
nominate Victoria Natalie why do you
pick Victoria I mean Victoria because I
spoke to Emma we both agreed that if we
both know for Victoria then be easier
that way
thank you
you do it yeah I said I'm voting him
Victoria beneath it um
I'm Victoria what that's mo but you've
been in the house for 14 weeks you
telling me you didn't know my name for
boarding wings
no not really what happened is if anyone
watched me last you probably remember I
kind of went away for a while over that
holiday season it as well my parents go
away a lot during holiday season and I
get passed around like an STD at a
whorehouse hmm pretty good whorehouse
you know a lot of business has been
whatever um and people forget but it's
quite awkward for me to just sit here
and talk to a computer computer is my
friend
Oh bad I can just imagine that being
taken from some new segment and kids
today or the Internet come here is my
friend Eric um no I yes so I don't
expose people to me talking to my
computer when I am a guest at their
house um but I got quite a few angry
emails and people telling me there
aren't subbing for me because I wasn't
working hard for it I had intended to
make this video a long time ago as you
can tell it was probably very choppy and
filmed at different times but I got sick
and um lovely imagery I know but I keep
vomiting and sorry I was just like that
such an awful image but they thought it
was a stomach ulcer over Christmas but I
had I work I was really bad when I had
to go to hospital bla bla bla got an
endoscopy it's not an ulcer at the end
ultrasound just lots of you know what I
mean and so I apologize I how I not I
didn't leave because I was being rude or
anything so I hope it was interpreted
that way if you've unsub for me I'm
sorry that I disappointed you to join
the club my parents are over there um
not really they'd be really all
there um but also I quit my job so if
anyone needs a student the really
complicated timetable to fill a role let
me know unless you're a creepy man
unless you have a lot of money no not
really
um what else is happening
I did see Juno thank you I've got so
many really wonderful messages over the
season a lot of them were recommending
me to go see Juno I sawed you know it
was a good movie um but I tell you what
the best movie I've seen so far is No
Country for Old Men it is one of the
best movies I've seen in a long time
really well executed and it was
fantastic if you're going to go see a
movie I highly recommend you go and see
that and atonement was a piece of shit
um sorry what was it oh yeah
oh no that's inappropriate alright I'm
sorry this minute this video is so
choppy but I wanted to get one out
nonetheless um I know it's not a great
comeback video or something but I wanted
to make one when I knew that I could
make another one soon after so hope
you're all well um I met Chris and
Giuseppe the other day on the train it
was really nice to meet you guys you
guys were really funny and I was just
very cool to meet you and hide a Michael
that was really awkward sorry I wasn't
being a bitch tit was just
robots in disguise and tonight on border
control madam I'm going to ask you one
more time are there any drugs in this
bag
that's high yeah in real life yeah I are
I are in real IRL hmm
