hi um I can't speak properly no I wanted
to make a video because I received a
comment on my last one and something
else happened which made me realize I
should make this video someone caught I
love parking fines you wrote were you at
Central Station yesterday pink top and
jeans yeah probably but you know what
you should have come and said hello
because seriously save me the grief
because every now and then this happens
and it's extremely embarrassed because I
sit down to read my messages and I'll
get a message like this hey were you at
apart today wearing a blue jumper with a
friend and then I remember
and then I have to respond yeah I know
but like seriously and then this is like
when people write smack oh hey will you
you know were you on the bus at this
time and it's like yeah I was but there
was a really small insect and it was in
my ear and no one else can see it but it
was there I swear to god it was there
and it was so annoying if you just asked
me out of this funk but no you just sat
there and I look like a lady
seriously come up and say hi cuz chances
I'm probably doing something that looks
really awkward like touching somebody no
touching somebody will always look
awkward if you come up I can assure you
I have their consent I don't know where
I was going with that
moving along maybe you shouldn't say hi
um people ask me what the the medal
around my neck is which kind of makes me
Father people call it a medal because if
I were wearing a medal around my neck
chances are you'd flip it over and
either have somebody else's name or it
would say participation on it because
that's the kind of kid I am know it's
just as a signet pendant it's got my
initials on it and I was giving it for
my 21st birthday which is nice so
everything about participation Awards
now I don't know if you guys ever got
them but like their certificates that
they give out to every kid in the school
who basically didn't do well enough to
get anything so you literally just get
an award for being there well you were
there as they counted for something
right um
help imagine how bad it be if you got to
the end of your life and it was like
Molly you did really well you achieved
so much so I'm giving you a distinction
you know Jamie you great family you
really want four person high distinction
Natalie you you were there so I guess we
can organize participant yeah they'd be
crap the chances are I'd probably get to
the end of my life and it'd be like
Natalie we don't actually have an ally
on our records under your parents name
that's right I know Mom and Dad
Isabelle told me I was a mistake when I
was like 13 hmm sticks and stones may
break my bones but you know no one ever
mistakes gonna mentally me up and give
me emotional scars my yeah
no I've only jaqen not really but no
it's alright I don't care I'm here I'm
sure big now you can't do anything
umm I'm crashing the best party there is
no I know my parents love me and all my
participation Awards it's good sorry I'm
so inappropriate at the moment it's so
hot I'm gonna go
