hi can I just say quickly thank you to
everybody who sent me a message about
the one year thing that was really sweet
of you but I was talking about that in a
moment I really want to raft about
something cuz I never used one of these
before but you know the mobile phones
that have little attachable you know
detachable keyboards you know and talk
about how the impracticality of those
things overrides any sense of
convenience whatsoever because say I was
chatting to a friend and she lent me her
so I never use wonderful actually you're
not rich news vision we should be mellow
because he always checks his email but
that's a good idea and look hey my phone
has a reverse table tennis
like honestly the cable it was like this
small so it's not as if you can really
just kind of do this you know you you
might as well just do the little SMS
thing on a phone it was about as
convenient into this oh my god I'm so
thirsteee
oh don't I have something in my purse I
carry it with me all the time it's so
convenient because honestly it was like
that it was like just because you like
it when it's big doesn't mean it's small
and you can take it everywhere with you
it's a good thing I don't know anyway um
Oh crazy hand gestures have to stop that
got too many complaints awesome thank
you to everyone who messaged me about
being on YouTube for a year it was you
yesterday which is it's tragic really
isn't it yeah um but um hey at least
they've progressed a little right I mean
know they're still dodging kind of stuff
but my first video look like this
so yeah my video is now have sounds and
I consider that an improvement now a
good message though on Facebook and said
something along the lines of my videos
are now like the last the last season of
friends you recognize the characters but
they're no longer funny
oh no I'm fair enough
I'm sorry you kind of yeah I know I
can't say it in my defense but if it
makes you feel any better the characters
they're not that happy either we had a
huge fight
you know one-year contract and all of
that okay why can't you just come into
the same frame I don't know I just gonna
write the stories Cheers
just come here doesn't that make so much
more sense like it saves you attitude
time and this way we to look like my
schizophrenic
hi guys told you if you spoke to me one
more time I would squash you what's
wrong with you what's wrong with me
that's roughly you you speak the word
Nikki I always have a cold stop very
nice you're always dressed like a war
sorry that this video is a bit kind of
weird I've my head's not really here at
the moment 1:30 a.m. but my head whole
this whole weeks just being shit for me
really my purse was stolen earlier and
it had everything in it like my wallet
my phone my tax papers bloody checks I
didn't even realize - like a couple of
days after I was like fucking and I had
my phone books in it you're not gonna
read my book mister who stole my purse
are you no bloody you should just ask me
for money are we giving it to you it I
had my boyfriend's iPod and all this
crap in it and just all this shit and
now I can't get ID because every time I
go somewhere and I'm like hi can I have
some identification please
like do you have identification no my
purse was stolen here's the police
report yeah that doesn't prove that you
sorry
frustrated slightly yeah no I actually
not have any good weight this week but I
wanted to come on and say thank you for
watching me for a year yes that's
horrible that I've been making videos
yeah and to my relatives please don't
washing wins okay bye
