hi sir lovely sucks again um I wanted to
tell you guys very exciting news I
finally bought fish I mean I have like
fresh I crazy fingers
I have freshwater fish but I finally
bought fish to fill in for my marine
tank which has been cycling in the
background a lot of you pointed out its
empty and I just kind of ignored you
because I feel like one day I will get
fish I got them I got fish so this one
is Christie in this one danger John are
liking the sopranos do something
dance dance dude dead yeah they get kind
of angry when I bang on the glass I turn
on the light all the time when they I
don't know if they're sleeping because
they just kind of bounce but I turn the
light on and off all the time and I
think that screws up with their sleeping
patterns not that they remember anything
but that brings me to this do you think
fish ever get tired of things I mean I
know people say they forget things but
those fish flakes I look at them and I'm
just like bloody hell if I had to eat
those every day
Oh Sydney's swimming around see fish ah
not these flames I hate these flakes I'm
allergic to them of breaking up mine so
hey anything please seriously I reckon
it's like fish commit suicide cuz I
seriously just fed up with everything
they're like you know what fishy fishy
fishy I'm really sorry no one gave you a
better name mate
how many fishes are the named fishy
fishes natalie is developing really well
at school she's learned how to say the
plural of fish um and I've just given up
and then they jump they stab me all the
time
barren yeah my fishing getting really
annoyed at me cuz I keep knocking on the
glass cuz I want to play with them you
can tell what kind of child I was
Mobley's gonna play with the fish no um
yes I loved heads I had a dog but I had
to give it away that wasn't good but yes
so now I have fish which are really kind
of impersonal cuz you're just always
looking at them through this kind of
glass barrier you always want to just
wake them up time babies you're you're a
room with a baby and you just keep
closing drawers really lovely because
you want them to wake up you know Oh
baby's crying when you pick it up any
play with it maybe not maybe that's
actually really sick and that's just
something I don't do why am I going on
so much sorry because I haven't made a
video and so long umm I'm gonna stop
this now because this is a nonsensical
rambling video but quickly can I say
hello to the people who I speaking to on
stickam how did Caleb Dustin Tim Timothy
Steven where's Ross Steph and Brent and
anyone else sorry I shouldn't stop soon
um I really enjoyed speaking you guys on
stick around I rented out office space
like you suggested that I loved it
so thank you for recommending that and a
belated birthday to Robert and hello to
ash in his girlfriend and I have
something to say
oh bloody hell
happy one-year on YouTube Katelyn and
sorry again at this video you know what
I mean
it's idea all I see is this room all day
but II hate this
