hi so you don't know about you guys but
whenever a car stops to let me cross the
road I get all oh no the pressure but
there is all this pressure now right I
feel like it's the unspoken law that if
a car stops for you to cross you can no
longer just cross the road at a normal
pace it's like the driver wants to see
some sort of effort from you because I
know that when the situation is reversed
and I'm the driver
you can pass yeah because I'm really
nice
go on oh good and then I see this person
just walking normally I get irrationally
angry no Hey
when people let you pass yeah you're
fast I'll lift up their legs I don't
know what I've been told you walk and
slow is getting old well I'm not that
bad but I do become this massive asshole
and even though they're just walking
normally I feel like they're taking ages
and everything is in slow-mo and they're
mocking me and I feel like I'm aging
with every passing second
and it's awful right because obviously
some hideous part of me feels that you
know because I can at Iliev let you pass
in front of me you should show me some
effort yeah it's not like I do this with
any other act of kindness oh hey I
bought you some water oh thanks is that
it I want to see you appreciate it
drink it more okay mmm more appreciate
it more mmm you're loving that water
you're so grateful that I poured it now
drink it and go like this and under
normal circumstances if somebody does
something nice for me I'm very grateful
wow you got me chocolates that are so
nice that they come with a book that
tells you what chocolate is what you
were the fanciest person that I know but
if some Good Samaritan stops their car
so that I can cross the road yeah I get
really angry at them because of the
pressure the imaginary pressure that
they've put on me I guess in my head I
feel that if they hadn't stopped the car
I would be crossing the road and really
enjoying the pace that I would normally
cross the road at but now there is all
this imaginary stress on my shoulders
yeah I think the problem is that I
either think too much or I think too
little I don't know it's a constant
battle picking between but let me know
in the comments below how do you guys
think this should you know this scenario
should play out do you think that the
pedestrian can just continue to walk at
a leisurely pace also if you haven't
seen them I mentioned her to do a couple
of shout outs but please check out some
like Samsung Galaxy tutorials I made
last year I know a lot of you probably
wouldn't trust me telling you how to do
things and that's okay cuz I'm asking
you how to drive a car and how to cross
a road when it should come naturally but
anyway sorry this videos a little bit
late but I am already working then x1
which be up in a couple of days don't
believe me that's gay or don't believe
me either
hope you guys are well and I'll see you
soon bye this is my actual height in the
car I had to sit on a book so that you
could see me okay it's funny music slash
comment time and I had so many of you
send me screenshots of watching my video
while your bad
he was on its last legs you guys are
insane living on the wild side rebels
without a pause did you like that pun
it's okay I'm happy to lose respect
points and guys the Pringles were in the
fridge cuz I was in a hotel it was in
the minibar and when you open up a hotel
minibar it's full of crazy stuff that
only makes sense to rich people like
cold Pringles and tiny bottles of
alcohol and yeah you never thought
you're going to see elbow porn I'll tell
you something someone once taught me if
you thought about it there's porn about
it
