hi um I also wanted to ask you guys a
question today because I find now that
when I go out and this is starting to
happen a lot so it's kind of it's come
to my attention that people have
extremely strange concepts about what
goes on on YouTube I'll go out and then
you know someone will find out that I I
use this this thing called YouTube and
they'll come and they'll say you know do
you do this do you do that
la it's just like what do you think I do
although now I think about it it sounds
quite dodgy she makes me marry so I want
to ask you guys do you get the same
thing because I find what people ask me
extremely odd and for some reason
everywhere I go it doesn't matter who
they are they have the same notions of
what goes on on YouTube hey so listen
David told me that you do YouTube videos
oh did he that's so weird right what do
you talk about just stop dear visionary
you know do you have a
know what come on you know do you ever
what you know no I don't
don't be stupid it's like a video diary
isn't it Natalie you kind of talk about
like things that have that kind of I
guess yeah so you talk about how you
feel it's kind of like dude I'm James a
bad day
first off I see your photo isn't you
move it and we suffer and animals die
every single day butch whoa it's not
like that hey what are we talking about
YouTube YouTube you guys have seen
YouTube people how many they're really
weird Deeks who post on the Internet
basically I watched a video of a live
there and it looked like this
don't Oh until you guys we've got this
new formula that I just found out that
listen hacky to other people's it health
it oh my god you guys should totally
check out this anime port that I found
it's hilarious so do you guys get that
because it doesn't matter what you say
and this is the reality you can try and
smooth target whatever you want at the
end of the day you're watching videos
online or you're posting videos online
that sounds a dodgy baron I have to go
but I will talk to you guys soon
I'm sorry I mean posting videos
regularly I finished uni on Friday so I
will get to it very soon I'm just
working at the moment so I'll see you
guys hopefully tomorrow bye
