hi okay basically this video won't make
any sense unless you watch the previous
video I did about the project that I
made for a unique class although I know
most people would be like you know just
fill in the blanks cuz I do that all the
time although my blanks usually remain
but anyway so to kind of sum it up
quickly I go to an arts college and we
had to design business cards and usually
kids at my school do really kind of
wacky crazy amazing things and this time
I made a mini runway and I thought it
would be good you know I thought this
time I've really have hit the nail on
the head with it okay well let's see
everybody's final presentations start
with unit well I decided to go to the
mall this simple style this time so I
just binded my designs together made it
look like you know a professional type
of prospecting and I did title pages
wonderful very appropriate and what did
you prepare with the inappropriate so
it's doing the weird so I just did a
very smooth very professional very chic
it looks so professional I made a runway
oh you made mini flat lines yeah that's
right it's very cute
it's deep did the floodlights have
little shimmer things
great great I'm the dancing girl I'm the
dancing girl
yes sir basically I did the worst in the
class for that in fact I'm pretty sure I
did the worst in all the classes in that
project which is a little bit
disappointing because I worked really
hard because of the last one I thought
I'd better make it up I didn't but you
know it's the effort god I'm like one of
those kids I'm I'm Brian's mother how is
he going in school right huh how do I
say this Brian just he works very hard
how tragic but I want to show you guys
because basically the company that I had
to do it's a fake company it's was it
was a fashion company that made
fashionable face masks you know I put
James Bond into it as part of like the
catalogue of celebrities who wear them
look I am prepared Hilton in it and it
says and I go to prison I'll be taking
my sausage with me okay it was cool and
I made it very um a very late happy
birthday to DC t cool for Wednesday and
there's a few people whose birthdays are
coming up and it says so in my space so
I'm not quite sure what your user names
are but happy birthday coming up to
Chris for the 8th of the 6 TJ for the
13th to Jerry for the 12th to someone
whose username is your little something
something I can't do the rest of it for
the 9th - wicked awesome 11th - Greco
for the 10th oh I don't like you oh
sorry that was
friend not really a friend ignore that
um to somebody who was actually written
21st on the 13th happy birthday for the
13th to Jason happy birthday for the
10th to Greg happy birthday for the 11th
- rayvin happy birthday for the 8th
Jackie for the 13 Peter for the eighth
begin Alicia for the 11th and bite me
Ben for the 12th happy birthday guys
that's exciting sorry I say happy
birthday very often okay I'll go now
bye stop stop oh I say you didn't get it
this editing
