hello hi sorry it's too quick video I
just want to answer a question I get a
lot a few people ask me why I haven't
accepted their myspace and why I haven't
logged in in a while
it's a stupid but honest answer is that
I forgot my password and you know why I
forget my passwords
because I forget them all the time I
forget them because every single time
you sign up to a website these days they
put you through some mind game when it
comes to picking a password you know
when you type in some type of password
and they ask you to choose it you like
yeah alright I'll just type some random
word in look at this oh all of a sudden
it's a theme now you have a lot of time
the number how do you like that oh oh
you like that your VMO will have a few
more numbers here yeah you like that oh
oh man doubtful what about some letters
and some numbers here you are straight
up strong
well maybe you guys don't get is annoyed
as I do but I feel very threatened you
know like your password is weak yeah
yeah well how do you like that weak my
ass but anyway okay I'll stop
um oh and to Anthony I'm terribly sorry
I just sent out your Tim Tams
about three days ago so you'll have to
forgive me for being so late about them
but thank you very much I actually
wanted to put a card into the box but
the man sticky taped it up I'll talk
about this next time because this
happens all the time and I just had to
smile yeah I better be off I'm gonna
make another crappy video addressed to
Kaitlyn go so I'll see you guys soon
