hi yes I know I suck I haven't been
making videos regularly and I do
apologize um if I did go and talk to you
guys today about this game called I spy
um I don't know if you guys have a
played I spy but just to quickly explain
what it is you basically look around the
room and you see I spy with my little
eye something beginning with and you say
the first letter of an object that you
see so for example I spy with my life
something beginning with T the texture
and that's how you play it I saw these
kids on the train and they were playing
it and I remembered how every single
time I used to play I spy
unscrew it okay guys last time we played
hide and seek but I kept winning so this
time we're gonna have to play something
different let's play I spy who invited
Natalie it's lunchtime
oh it's fine you can stay just today
okay so I'm gonna stop I spy with my
little eye a chair its chair not yes you
got it hey so now it's your turn I spy
with my little eye something beginning
with
why do I know it scissors okay so it's
by Jim I spy with my little eye
something beginning with
and then I'd screw it up
pencil oh dude you're terrible at this
game pencil flop it up day me
this is stupid and this poor little kid
on the train was screwing it up and I
felt so sorry for him because of like oh
we could have been friends in primary
school except that I would have had a
friend but there um I'll stop that um I
need to say thank you though to Anthony
Anthony 62 no hold on yeah sorry
dyslexic I speak English good very well
okay Anthony
2620 thank you for showing me how to use
my remote control
I actually just planned on sending a
packet of Tim Tams because I thought
maybe someone from overseas might answer
my question it might be a bit of a
novelty but you're Australian so I don't
know how much you're gonna appreciate
Tim Tams not very exotic but if you'd
like to accept them as my thank-you then
send me your address I won't kill you I
promise I'm far too paranoid to kill
people
yes and I'll shoot some Tim Tams off to
you to say thank you now about my videos
not being very regular I do apologise
I'm kind of I'm studying four days a
week and I'm working three because
that's what I need to do and
consequently I I'm just struggling to
find time to make them and unfortunately
videos don't make money sir what can you
do but I will try and make some more
videos this weekend yes I know another
lie from Natalie but anyway I'm getting
delirious now oh and a pillow mark I
would talk about pillar marks when I get
delirious a pillow mark is when you lie
on your pillow and you wake up and you
have the creases from the folds and the
fabric I always have them maybe maybe
that's because I'm a very ungraceful
sleeper and I sleep and I wake up and I
have to just kind of that's a delightful
image to leave you with so I'll talk to
you guys
