hi I just wanted to address something
quickly before I start my video and that
is a lot of people have accused me of
being you know or want to be actress you
just want to be famous and blah blah
blah okay if I really wanted to be
famous
would I be posting up Internet video
blogs no I'd be doing work as an extra
I'd be doing commercial ads every single
time a fast food chain release some type
of Asian flavored burger a secret
however I get a secret it's not a secret
it's a new Burger King Asian burger the
new chilli sauce spiced bacon a new
special soy sauce flavor the new Asian
burger is delicious because everybody
knows it's Burger King you're gonna have
a deal here hope you notice how they
always do that they put like a little
accent at the end just in case you
didn't get it with the little music and
hints and the the nationality of the
person we chose and by the way what is
Asian flavored does it taste like an
Asian person because Asian isn't a
flavor it's not a country but anyway um
oh yes I just wanted to say sorry and
apologize to everybody who is just
subscribed to me I feel very bad for you
I feel very guilty because I feel
somehow responsible um so you guys know
I sent YouTube this excellent video I
made to get featured months ago but no
oh I was too old and a ma'am that's a
bad joke
okay thank you very much to token black
chicken feet true me she took pity on me
and I perform sexual acts on her and she
loves them um I have to apologize though
for not making a video in a while the
thing is I've been really addicted to to
then I'm kind of
chances but Dawson's Creek my internet
broke so I couldn't connect for about
three days or something and I went
through season three the box set of
Dawson's Creek and it was terrible
because you guys know what it's like
when you have the DVD boxset you just
watch one Davy day after the other and
you can't leave the couch you just sit
there you get so into it and it gets to
this really sad point where when you
hear the theme song and get excited
and the sad thing is I couldn't stop
watching I couldn't stop watching until
Joey and basic things so there's a point
I suggest yet today I think I'm in love
you
I think I'm in love with you yeah you
think or you know
you know you know and you feel like
you've accomplished something I'm like
yes they got together now I can eat a
meal and and live the rest of my life
Aaron I really want to find the last
episode because I could only find it in
Spanish and my Spanish isn't very
pressure heart for now I shouldn't talk
about Nelson's great boil you'll all
leave me very quickly um I wanted to
tell you guys my friend Damian has
started posting video blogs he plays
guitar the guitar and he's very good
he's using his music for music so I just
thought I'd paint things um thank you
for my video responses I posted comments
on all of them but then I just looked
through them just then and I realized
that not none of them showed up
um someone I think his name is Sam said
I look like the girl from the ring
thanks thanks that's nice I was gonna be
smart off and say thanks I think I would
like know me what's that Who am I trying
to kid yeah okay
I just dropped this video now cuz
getting crap there hi to Andrew and I'll
see you guys soon
