that's well the response you've been
getting isn't as large as we had
expected the makeup team they work
around the clock for you I'm the lonely
girl crew they laugh at us it's it's
just like Liam Barrett
well I'm trying I I'm just trying to
find out just just trying to tap into
well no just now we've been successful
with a few of our other youtubers we'll
all of them except you really so
wondering if you would be up for some
improvements absolutely I am up the end
okay well Cato 17 was a big hit we're
trying to push you in that direction she
did this to murder video and we're
thinking maybe we could do the same with
you do you play in video games yes yes I
do about if there's any way that you
could dress up as a character in the
game or watches watches ah ha ha
I'm a piece of Tetris
no no no don't know what I'm doing look
I'm I can change I can need all the
pieces of everything I'll turn Simon
yeah uh-huh
tell me that's not me tell me what we
might have to think about that one a
little okay look we need to talk to you
about your new display pictures really
your screenshots they're they're a bit
ghastly um we're going to need to take
some proper ones really okay so remember
she has her shoulders up that's good now
can you give me your sexiest pose yeah
how you doing no cut cut okay a bit more
subtle than that that's good that's good
now give me sex sex cells come on give
it to me norm cut but do an English
accent can I do an English accent and
next week on the bill confrontations
lead to miscommunications when it comes
to catching a girl you don't you think
you can get away from me you little
rascal
wait till Prince Charles about this
that caters did really well when she did
the winner date with a B video and well
how do you feel about doing one yourself
hi Abby um my name is Ashley and I used
to be an arts student and I was
wondering if maybe you me rockin the
Casbah cut hi Abby hi I'm cut um got a
few things in common
yeah you got cut and we live in
different countries but I was thinking
maybe we could cyber car I don't know
what we're going to do with it
the longer the longer girl crew need
another cast member
she's pretty crap and I've mentioned in
previous blogs that my boyfriend's
really not a fan of YouTube at all but
when I introduced him to cater 17 all of
a sudden video blogs weren't so bad and
he goes to me you're that cater 17 chick
she's pretty cool well yeah yeah if
you're into the whole hot English girl
with great ass and sense of humor and
potential lesbian possibilities she's
alright yeah
anyway so not much chance of that
happening here but anyway hope you guys
had a nice break and I can't believe
I've got a whole video without saying
this hi
