hi-c why can't they just make ID photos
like that you bring a nice family photo
or whatever and they just stick it on
their little crazy idea cards they have
to take photos like this
I think it's because they make you you
know when you sit in those chairs when
they take ID photos and they make you
look at a little hole through a wall and
the person behind
there's just no communication they just
don't tell you if they've taken the
photo or not so you're sitting there for
ages looking like a dickhead okay this
is gonna be a good ID photo I'm just
gonna sit here and smile and it'll be
great this is taking a long time and
she's not telling me she's taking the
photo do you think I can keep smiling I
do you think she's looking at me now to
promote camera and going what a knob oh
god I hate it when she does this oh it's
been ages she must have taken it by now
you know what's the big deal and I I
kind of agree with you they just I I
wouldn't mind accepted a good day today
yeah it looks really good I've been
waiting for it to come out
and then the other day ah guys my tea
please
yeah
yes
yours pretty this doesn't look like you
oh yes and your brand-new
I do apologize about my room a really
messy earlier I went through these crazy
phase where I lost something I was
determined to find it I didn't find it
but anyway um so yes that was just my
rant about ID photographs and how people
always take them when you don't want
them to is God
