I will have to excuse the different
background I was staying it different
people's houses which explains the new
videos for a while um but while I have
been here I've been watching tennis
because it's the Australian Open at the
moment and there are a few weird things
about tennis that I've noticed firstly
this sound love the women's tennis here
at the arena there yeah lucky more and
it's 30-love haha that's right from a
bit Nokia must love this ad yeah they
pay her a lot of money for sponsorship
up the magic skirt watch this I don't
know how she does this with a great
skill okay Mary Poppins bag indeed have
you ever noticed how it's always one boy
boy who does all the work the other guy
never gets a break
yes she's looking a little bit time at
this stage but let's see an answer and
have you ever noticed how when the
camera focuses lots of people in the
crowd they never managed to it's a great
day to be out today you know look at
those people huh coach I'm on the screen
so I do apologise about I'm not having
videos up like I said I'm moving
different people's houses at the moment
so my computer is in one spot and all
that jazz but I hope you guys are
enjoying the Australian Open I hope
you're watching the one-day cricket I
hope you guys are getting out to the
beach because he is so bloody hot and I
accidentally deleted my housekeeping so
I'll have to do that one next so oh and
guess he's still gonna Stingray today
yeah that's right you can call me
Crocodile Dundee
