no sorry I wasn't gonna communicate via
telepathy
I was thinking it's very hot today not
that I need it to point at you and tell
you that but anyway um I wanted to
address something which I find kind of
funny I suppose I shouldn't complain
because I sit there and I go fake fake
fake fake know who's fake girls make
fake and all this crap so I deserve it
the people thing calling me fake and
someone even posted a video response
hinting towards my thickness umm yeah
people keep calling me lonely go and
joking about it I tried out for lonely
girl I just wasn't very successful for
some reason we did a whole series really
nice and then there's the wine code or
just wine crying I'm not sure you you
had totally retarded Daniel B have been
travelling the road for a while and he's
getting pretty rough yes
you
I actually wanted to talk about
something ages ago and I never got to
because I was being a bugger of a person
um I was watching Oprah the other day
yes I was home at 2:00 p.m. and I was
watching Oprah I liked watching Oprah I
get really motivated I'm like yes I'm
gonna make a difference I'm gonna get
out I'm gonna get fit and then some
cooking show hops on straight after so I
lose the motivation immediately but um I
was watching Oprah and the two women
from what not to wear appeared on the
show I don't know if you guys really
know who they are but they're these
women who walk around and they help
other women get a better wardrobe but
it's kind of shocking because they come
up to women and know Tina like slap them
on the chest like disgusting and they'll
pull up their underwear and give them a
wedding about hideous underwear so I was
just wondering does anyone else find it
go and jump into this but wait tell
people they look hideous lots of fun
come on okay come closer
look at that person over there they look
hideous let's go tell them hello now one
of our friends told us that they think
you look absolutely atrocious when you
get dressed so let's have a look at you
oh my goodness you look disgusting and
what's with this shimmer you look like
your tits are sagging down to your knees
that bra needs changing oh my goodness
what breasts look like fried eggs you
look terrible now we're going to get
your new wardrobe but we need to change
your mentality so I want you to repeat
after me I have a hideous wardrobe I
have a hideous wardrobe good okay now
repeat after me I look ugly I look ugly
say it again I look ugly I look ugly
excellent one more time I look ugly I
look ugly
I look hideous yes you do but we're
going to change that oh look at you you
look like a real person now you look
sensational darling I feel good I feel I
feel like I'm back all the confidence
that you took away from me it's great
you really can't wear under clothes
because no one will take you seriously I
can't believe I lived without nice
clothes before it's great next week we
tell someone who has a real job about
how ugly they look into this I didn't
think you looked too bad to begin with
but maybe I'm just not so preoccupied
with the way women I know you know some
people have other priorities than what
they wear but anyway um anyway I love
Oprah so who cares I love The Ecstatic
look of people when they come out like
yes
are you person um I'll stop this now cuz
she's I'm gonna make a housekeeping
video
water that
: jump into this
