hi someone i sorry I wanted to apologize
about the crappiness of my last video
and of this one here um I wanted to
address something which I kind of a lot
of people ask me which is very sweet
they asked me you know have you ever
thought about being an actress and it's
like no because well for several reasons
one being my acting ability sucks and
the second one being as an Asian child
you know I there's not very much to
aspire to I figured if I ever did become
successful actress
I mean hindsight there are very few
roles that I could actually play I think
I could be an extra in a movie or TV
show you know the women the Asian women
you have to paint veils or I could be an
Asian character in James Bond you know
the one with English accents but there's
a catch hello mister font I'm from the
Communist Party I'm going to do yeah
because all Asians have to be communists
or I could be in that memoirs of
which is one rephrase and it's made to
people it has go and my only other
option is I could be a war victim in
mash suppose the upside is I get to meet
Ellen Arbor wait I could be one of those
kungfu asian people like in Sin City um
I wanted to ask a question which is one
that I've had in mind now for a while at
first okay it was it was first raised
when I saw a movie could Napoleon
Dynamite but I thought perhaps it was
some kind of joke that I didn't
understand which happens a lot but um
yeah so I just kind of dismissed it at
first but then Elwood in one of his
vlogs starts talking about this thing in
reference to milk 2% 1% what what the
bloody hell are you talking about if
Napoleon Dynamite there's this scene
where a girl sitting at s and in a bit
she's she's sitting a desk which is
French for she's sitting at a desk and
she's drinking a carton of milk and it
has 1% on it I don't understand is it 1%
milk because if it's 1% milk what the
bloody hell's the rest of it I don't
know you can only buy really whole milk
like full cream and skim you I suppose
if you buy soy matzoi bullets you can
buy soy but you know things I've heard
of 1% 2% how many percentages can you
buy that in your milk fridges must be
humongous you know to Elwood I have a
rift with you does that make sense
um I've heard that used do you like skim
milk I don't understand
so this isn't what I wanted to explain
to you skim milk tastes like whole cream
mixed with water so that's water
you mix it around skim milk
now where am I gonna do with this
anyway um yes
no I don't like that that I was going to
drink it for you guys but I won't
because I have to LEM say talk about
bloody freaking me out do you know what
I was wearing when I watched your video
response pretty much the same bloody
thing that you were talked about
freaking me out anyway so I flips
through your videos and guess what
I also went to Billy Joel how freaky
