oh not waving to you guys yeah no
I'll do it the other hand hi this is a
video I really need to come up with a
better catch phrase than that I know I
saw William Slade's videos I mean I
watched them sometimes and I was like I
wish I could say it like that you know
he starts as like hey bitches
this isn't sound cool and I say yeah get
a bitches um Aaron oh what is with that
oh sorry I am wanted to address
something rather specific in this video
and that was the fact that I get a very
consistent message in all my hate mail
in yeah in all my hate mail and all my
comments and so forth so I thought I
would address them here because they're
really simple it's a very simple message
I'm receiving it's you're not cool than
me yeah I notice that I'm not cool I'm
not attractive
I'm not funny I've spoken to you guys
about this before I've had no false
conceptions about any of these things
my childhood was not subtle about these
points I know so this is my kind of I
know video I used to receive a lot of
your Asian mail and I did a video about
that that's kind of died down now
because I've addressed the fact that I
understand I'm Asian um although one
person left a really odd comment they
said just another chink trying to get
subscribers as opposed to another I
don't understand like yeah just one
chink trying to get subscribers and then
I'll still your kids food and I'll steal
your jobs and then I'll rule the country
make one chunk at a time
room so I thought I would address the
rest of it so um this is my kind of
another flashback to my awful you guys
it just you know yes my awful 1b years
uh would you do if I sang a tattoo would
you stand up and walk at home same
school there was me and then there were
those popular girls who always had good
hands I know there were few differences
there's a spell II error in chapter 8 so
trash don't talk to me because I'm like
and I tried to be friends
I really high xx maybe I could be your
friend for the day
I brought along some Smarties so that we
could share them yeah okay this was the
one time in my life I thought maybe I
was cool hey have you washed your heads
and then my ICD he did here's a tissue
for you hey ed you you've got some dirt
or do you figure Dale
white got a rage the Beretta it's
alright I'll do don't worry okay
excellent
yep great all right let's eat uh would
you do I always thought that its school
photos it was really unfair I always
felt like the popular girls were allowed
to fix their hair and for some reason
they just looked at grating photos the
yearbooks look good no one ever gave me
a chance she'd be like smile just smile
sweetie don't worry about your glasses
just smile we got heaps to do a smile
and that would be it
that would be my school as for the third
accusation you're not funny I mean I'm
not funny I know yeah trust me I try and
throw wiki comments in and they just
don't work and it's for a reason and I
understand that reason but anyhow um yes
I know that I have to do shoutouts and I
figured out a way to do it the thing is
because I haven't done one for a while I
have so many names I actually might have
to just do a a scrolling names video
which of course I'll have to find a way
to make that entertaining but I'll do
that another night because now it's 1:00
a.m. and I should get some sleep
though I do want you guys to check out
some videos I've put them onto my my
channel page my channel page um and yeah
I want to talk about that to you guys as
well but I really think you should check
it out check the videos out very and um
very very very inspirational and also
that youtuber has a website as well and
you should check that website out
because it's a great idea for Christmas
present I actually thought I might die
thinking about what I'm gonna get for
people but I think it's a really good
idea I think it's yeah I just it's good
do you guys should check that out too
dalam I'll talk and see you
soon hopefully sorry for leaving me so
long I found a spot in my head not the
pimple an actual spot
I'll cover the pimple can you see that
spot it's a new freckle I've been scared
I'm gonna die but we'll talk that's not
your your problem no goodnight
