Amy blow me a kiss as early blow me a
kiss right now cuz if you're gonna leave
me honey I will surely miss the way you
blow me come on o me kiss oh baby blow
me baby blow me baby blow me baby blow
me baby blow me a kiss has earlie blow
me a kiss right now
can't believe that that's my sister my
older sister haven't talked to forever
she goes very abroad - well she isn't
they contact the family at all she
hasn't told my mom or anything she
doesn't care about any of it
I'm sorry I didn't know I make you feel
that bad I'm gonna call mom now
mom
ha
hi is this blue his mother
why it's it's it's Natalie from
Australia
I mean Wales I just saw your daughter on
the internet and I'm sorry no it wasn't
one of those kind of website
no she had her clothes on well yeah
is she really what's the name of the
website
and is that with 1x or xxx and when you
say barely legal is that okay
Asian girls straight out I was just
really asking everyone because you know
what like everyone guys is always like a
big contest when guys get to see the two
girls like I was really asking it like a
good question I thought like I was
really thinking about it like why okay
really I feel bad about that you were
you were asking for help and I didn't
help you as your older sister I really
should say
so he's my advice say blue when a guy's
with two girls to get of a different
story
because the man and he has one part of
his body which he can actively use I
suppose you could say he'd use his hand
or it might use his mouth but he can
only do one of you at a time it's kind
of like consecutive sex that's why it's
considered you know groaning but when a
girl has two guys it's a bit of a
different story
you see they both have parts of their
body which they won't use at the same
time and you only have one you think
wait a minute they'll find alternatives
hands mouth and let's face it if you
turn around and bang they're gonna get
you there too and the worst thing is
they're gonna attack you all at the same
time and that's why you shouldn't have a
threesome kids
now that she's in Wales and she has her
fake English accent she's on in English
and she's on an English Devon in English
forgotten English I live in Wales but
but every time I go into the city I see
is there anything you'd like to say to
impelling there sure is Dino baby blow
me a kiss has earlie blow me a kiss
right now cuz if you're gonna leave me
blow me
baby blow me Amy blow me a kiss as early
blow me a kiss right now cuz if you're
gonna leave me honey I will surely miss
the way you blow me a kiss
