hi - thank you - Bhutanese guys and my
opening credits how cool are they now in
stills 24 I need to have a word with you
young man you are you said you're gonna
kill me if I do more shoutouts that's
very rude of you I am I like to
acknowledge whoever I can can and I
think it's important it's what makes
YouTube different at what it's what
makes YouTube different to television I
can acknowledge people I can say thank
you I can respond you know and dude you
have to be nice to me mate I will
unsubscribe it to you yeah I subscribe
to you you've got to be nice to me and
you don't even have any videos anymore
so I look like I subscribe do nothing
but I stuck by you anyway so a few
people asked me to elaborate on
something I said in my house keeping six
video and that was being paranoid about
my scar down and that was how I said I
used to get bashed up I did because I
was a loser
can't see my first school my first
school I went to a few so if you went to
school me you probably didn't go to this
one my first school some of them were
nuts like a boy used to bash me up
knowing now you know he's picking on you
because he likes you kind of way it was
he made my hand bleed sir and I can't
walk because he broke my ankles kind of
way yes this is a quick reenactment yeah
my dad was in jail for 15 years that's
five years more than your dad
Eric I'm serious let's pick on someone
that's dirty well I better get to Buster
and deceive hey allergy girl excuse me
if you hit me I'm gonna have that ass
bear attack you I suppose you didn't use
your dive
yeah I'm still a nerd but I'm not the
one with the criminal conviction am i ah
haha yeah you guys are all behind bars
someone told me to say happy birthday to
them I am so sorry I forgot to say happy
birthday to I feel so awful I can't
explain to you how awful I feel I'm
sorry I've got a kangaroo loose in the
paddock really I'm a bit of a retard one
fries short of a happy meal
um yes the thing is YouTube I have so
many messages in my YouTube account it
deletes them and I I lost your message
and I lost a username I feel like a
bloody no I feel I feel downright awful
I'm sorry
please tell me who you are so I can
remember I don't know I'll send you a
present really I feel all right that was
a really simple request so I apologize
um now too - okie about Aussie Rules
Football thank you for your response by
the way it's very cool that you are you
did a video response
I like shoutouts I don't get many
shoutouts
hint hint but anyway um Aussie Rules
Football you've really asked the wrong
person I don't know
stand football why did I throw the ball
backwards when all I know is that the
difference is that rzu football they
don't wear helmets and stuff you guys
we're like wait
you guys drew a line then to your eyes
or something please I wish I had
something else to tell you that's all I
know
ask me a question I dunno ask me about
cricket cricket looks um thank you
you have the coolest accent hey y'all
that probably sounds nothing like your
accent but you have the coolest accent I
heart you
um thank you - black control thank you -
104 3 3 1 hmm thank you to mr. max you
had numbers numerals after your name by
the way you just say y'all know y'all
this is just gonna be shoutouts now so
if Delta you can stop watching yeah
thank you - Chaput thank you - Magrib no
Glatt thank you to dance DJ - k2 and
Stratis thank you to oak and Secunda so
Curtis so I think I missed felt that
thank you - I - I studios and M Landau
1982 was it you who wrote me a message
while you were drunk
very funny thank you - coconut Colin and
davia rocks and team work material X
material girl X R and T milk and hot
hunt Ari
day 2
Oh a nice face for your video response
thank you but the thing is I like my I
like my my I like my chin terms with
team so I guess it's down to you and me
I mean
who are people gonna look up now yeah I
don't drink coffee I have no option big
teeth and you know what I'm drinking I'm
like so
if I'd like to work my boss is this
and then just before it all crumbles
perfectly orgasmic experience when to
the person who called me a fat off do
you think I really give a crap
I feel all the time on the internet I
know
