hi my name's ugly it's like my real name
would be bow
hey Denise I'm Jessica total slut
because I just went on a date so I hope
you guys can see me POP like he's like
you know as NoHo goes we don't actually
kid ourselves and to believe me that you
guys watch just because I'm saying
anything interesting right so like the
weirdest thing just happened right I
want a new date with Jessica and no I
was like containing about his breath and
stuff for them a girl's gonna eat
whatever anything so nice to meet you
know is that the only guy who hasn't
called me a dumb slut yet I don't know
why they all do that but anyways anyways
right out of nowhere he's like you know
I've got this friend I want you to meet
didn't come from okay you must be like a
homosexual and was like no I'm not gay
that we must be by anyways so like
basically he wants to have a threesome
with me but I'm so confused so nice
but every time I dated a guy he wants to
have sex where does that come from you
know I mean like I just don't know where
this comes from
anyway so I'm so confused you guys help
me out poo let me guys it's tiring
acting the students
