okay looks like it's pick on Natalie day
first I get this awful email now I get
mummy d23 telling me that Milo is
apparently like any other milk chocolate
milk powder whatever no bloody hell
sorry that makes me crazy because anyone
who lives in Australia knows that my loo
does that convey thing but you're right
I put a lot in so I've decided I'm gonna
put less in prove you wrong
okay and just to prove this can I show
you look at the back you see that's a
cuppa
that's like their serving suggestion you
see how the Milo sits on the top again
a bigger picture the Milo's sits on the
top it's on the top okay now look what
you've made me do now I have to open up
a brand new bottle of milk to prove you
wrong see new milk damnation crazy
youtubers making crazy good okay
someone who's Australian or someone
whose music um from New Zealand cuz cuz
um chef and training I think it was no
it was wizard needs food badly commented
she is from New Zealand or he is from
New Zealand know exactly what I mean my
load clumps which is oh by the way I go
to your cup for you see look milk not
have to drink this put like two cups of
milk to it
my mom's gonna think I'm the knight all
right Milo Milo that sits on the top I'm
insane don't mess me really okay so
let's go conservative style let's use a
teaspoon of note of Milo into the milk
see clean milk new visual tricks for
several reasons one being I cannot a mr.
Minister a real good monster okay now
will you look at that it's still sitting
on the top that mummy D are the effects
of Milo C wobble wobble wobble Milo
clumps of Milo don't you tell me I'm
lying I'm putting too much in it's why
Milo is a drink of Champions
