just in case you were interested I threw
a barbecue to celebrate 10 years of
YouTube and invited a bunch of you guys
and this is how it went
it's started with the baking of 150
lamingtons which involved a lot of this
very sexual and forcing growing to test
some recipes he's happy in this one but
acted like I was forcing him to do
something awful sometimes like testing
cake isn't the best thing ever when he
agreed I hustled down and baked and
baked and baked
then I wrote some trivia questions and
ate many lamingtons while Rowan cleaned
up the trays because he's a
perfectionist and this is what our
relationship looks like later on which
turned out to be the next day with the
car packed we headed to Lions Lodge in
the Royal Botanic Gardens rollin set up
the speakers which is hilarious because
electronics are his enemy and never work
for him I set up the tables and chairs
the furniture people dropped off added
games like Connect four and guess whose
stations two people could play the other
version of get to where you use
personality traits instead of physical
attributes these boards actually achieve
a version called who is it but it was
the closest thing I could get to the old
guess who while these little cards were
really fiddly to get in after the
millionth one I got really good at it
and then I started to think about how
maybe I should do this as a career
then the catering people came I washed
them like a weird King but they told me
they didn't want help setting up a
silhouette artists came that's right a
silhouette artist who cuts awesome
silhouettes and then you awesome folk
started to arrive everyone was so lovely
and chill they couldn't get over how
nice you all were I was expecting really
horrible people no I'm just kidding
you're all really great there were lots
of photos people took selfies with my
mum stroked their beads look at my mum
she loves it she is such a poser she
loves photos people spoke to my dad for
so long that I thought they were
actually already friends some of my
friends came too which was lovely and I
discovered tim was an amazing sorcerer
look at that how many barbecues you go
to bro my niece's my sister and
brother-in-law came people started to
dig into the barbecue but I'm really
sorry they're actually like a whole ton
of salads on a side table that I think
everyone missed anyway people ate and
was so nice and like vegan tastes great
that you're all so polite that you
didn't even mention that you know if
there was no meat so thank you so much
then it was time for trivia where I
mainly forced people into groups even
though I get very anxious socialising
myself with strangers also remember when
I was working on trivia questions before
well I left the trivia answers at home
so everyone was very polite while I
delivered trivia like this which of the
appears first oh wait let me think about
this anyway so trivia was kind of like
if your friend brought questions and
didn't know the answers to them and had
force to just speak with other people
luckily I had only prepared 14 questions
that's right not 1514 during trivia also
quite a personal assistant and in the
end this group won then it was time for
more mingling and then this group made
me this beautiful but very scary leaf
message so if I die it was these guys it
was one of those things that are so
neatly folded that you know you're gonna
die a really weird painful death there
were more guess who matches and I just
want you guys to see the face of someone
who wins the other version of guess who
that's right the other guess who is
incredibly fulfilling look at that there
were more silhouettes more photos more
talking lots of hugs and then
unfortunately there were goodbyes at
home I got to unpack so many of your
lovely presents that you brought like
chocolates this statue that was
unbelievable it had a very similar
physique to my own there were books fake
indoor plants so that I don't kill them
incredibly touching cards awesome
t-shirts and vegan doughnuts which are
ate in bed because it was an awesome day
thanks so much to everyone who helped
thanks for coming you guys are the best
I hope you're all as happy as you make
me
