hi so the other day I was shopping
trying to buy some jeans you have to
like a slim cut bootleg skinny Lake
lowrider high-waisted a blue blue when I
went into the change room and then it
happened
no no no no no no no no the change room
gap I know it's a small gap but nobody's
really looking but you know how there's
the idea that if you catch a glimpse of
someone getting dressed it's quite
central part of my concern is that
somebody might catch me getting dressed
and well that just looks like this
goodbye please you have to fit I can't
ask her for another spot
but in all honesty is being in a change
room not stressful enough there's
nowhere to put your clothes you have to
see yourself naked in the mirror and if
your friend tries to find you in there
it's like screaming into a chamber of
nothingness Matt Amy which one are you
in yeah I'm in here
so when it comes to the changeroom gap I
mean we can build a space station we
have self-driving cars they make 3d porn
now but when it comes to making a change
without a gap in the door impossible it
makes me think that somebody out there
does it on purpose my name is Andre ah
magnifique shkolu and I am the head
designer at dressing dressing rooms
pretty much any dressing room or change
room that you have stepped inside of in
a major department store in the world
has come through moi this fabrics okay
if you're crazy that's a good hook
that's not a good hook that's not a good
hook either this one is a good one
Andreea how do you feel about the
critics out there who think that there
shouldn't be a gap in the change room
doors you know I hear this so much
people like unchanged
listen there's so much more involved to
making a change room than just a box and
a curtain could you give us some
examples of what you mean I think this
interview has gone on long enough
oh no I'm sorry so I'm very I'm about a
very busy girl I'm a denies I try very
hard to make sure people don't have to
see me naked
because then bad things happen to good
people how are you doing in your size oh
my god I'm so sorry oh you really you
should see a doc I don't doctor about
that oh I've had it since birth it's
it's it's nothing no that's definitely
not natural you should see a doctor
about that no really it's just a
birthmark I think it was blinking it's
winking not blinking seriously anyway
let me know in the comments below
am I being really paranoid or do you
guys also dislike the gap in the change
room doors maybe you just don't think
about it and I should just really think
about more important things I should
definitely think about more important
things in life but let me know also I
mentioned a while ago I made some
charles for samsung australia hope you
don't mind I'll be linking to a couple
of them over the next few months this
time I'll link to one of the tutorials
for a function that I use all the time
mainly because I am too lazy to charge
my phone ever and then what it dies I'm
like what you gave me no warning you
just gave me like a billion flash up
morning things yes hopefully you enjoy
that one also I'm sorry this video is a
little bit late if you've been following
me on Twitter and Facebook you know that
I've been traveling and because I am
Australian I get very cold when it hits
below 9 degrees
Elsie's edit did and that's probably why
I sound so delightfully snotty right now
but yes sorry about that I have a new
video up in a few days which is
Wednesday Funes your pacific region or
tuesday ever else until then stay warm
wear jumper mind the gap and stay in
school unless you've graduated cuz
that's weird then you should leave cuz
it gets awkward okay it's funny music /
comment time and oliver that's just a
little bit cruel but Sluggers vlogs you
have to tell me what they do to popcorn
and ice cream in cinemas now because
i've been having nightmares since i read
this comment and alex i got to tell your
buddy nobody sneaks KFC into a cinema
nobody sneaks k have seen anything
because you can smell that stuff a mile
away and I've lost a little bit of
respect for you thinking that I would
just let an ice cream go to waste
you think I didn't lick the crap out of
that and eat the crap out of that once
the video ended yeah and the only thing
that's really being wasted is is your
time because I don't know how you guys
watch this every week
