hi so I can be a bit impatient sometimes
still wet
hung this up like five minutes ago how
about now and every single time they go
to the cinema and buy some snacks it
seems impossible for me to sit through
15 minutes of trailers without eating
all my food eat me eat me eat me you're
gonna finish all your food before the
movie starts oh oh ha ha but see
the other day I tried to resist yeah
I waited for the movie before I started
my ice cream yes yes yes and I have to
admit eating the ice cream while
watching the movie made the viewing
experience that much better and the
thing is I want to wait I do in fact
every time I finish my food and the
movie starts I get all mmm
great normal popcorn a full Russian
movie why is my life so hard why don't
you just watch the movie and not eat
anything
what do you how do you how does it what
is it what but it does make me wonder
why does this happen it's not like in
any other time in your life you think I
really need some popcorn while I watch
this happen I read we were together for
like five years he's such a jerk you
don't say hey down in front
huh can't see the drama
yes who needs their phone on in the
middle of oh it's mine my back about and
I don't know what it is because the
snacks at a cinema is so expensive but
it just works hi how can I help you oh
hi
Oh what I got to grab the large popcorn
please sure that's $50 50 bucks that
sounds reasonable you know and even
though I can eat all the same snacks at
home for cheaper when I'm watching a DVD
no not no it just doesn't taste as good
as it does at the cinema this ice cream
sucks you begged me for that ice cream I
did not that I'm going to the shops do
you want anything go over to ice cream
please I'm begging you for an ice cream
place that script well what do you want
I don't know why is my life so hard hi
um I'm from the cinema earlier I heard
you wanted a snack
yes I really do would you like this ice
cream um that looks awesome
not that's the same ice cream as the one
that you're eating right now it is but
this one is three times the price three
times the price that sounds reasonable
I'll have one what not no okay
I'll have two she always asks for a
little bite that ends up being like this
massive bite and I'm like bitch it's my
ice cream anyway let me know in the
comments below how do you guys deal with
the movie situation so you have a few
friends who are able to refrain
themselves they're very elegant they
don't touch their Maltesers till the
movie starts or you like me you stuff
your face and then immediately regret
because you have no self-control
yeah let me know because this is the
channel with first world's first world
problems but yes also this is really
dorky but I've had the best time
receiving photos of you guys wearing my
shirts it's been so awesome
I get very jealous that some of you have
friends and you wear matching shirts
yeah
friendship but no it's been really
awesome thank you guys so much I have a
huge grin on my face every time I see
one I also made a travel video when I
was in Austin if you haven't checked it
out I put it up a few weeks ago and I
pretty much just ate everything that I
could get my hands on while I was there
this is obviously a theme that runs
through all my videos but yet check it
out if you haven't otherwise I hope you
guys
well and I'll see you in a week can you
believe how long this past week has felt
in between uploads it's felt like over a
month five weeks I don't know time flies
when I lie it's ridiculous but yes no I
will see you guys in a week until then I
hope you're well don't sext I don't know
what this video is anymore mm bye okay
it's funny music / comment time and
Anita I hope that's a true story because
there's definitely no better way to make
an enemy than to make them smell your
vomit and I hope you guys are joking as
well and that you don't actually text in
to say that you're sick because well I
better put on my old person voice for
this but what's wrong with you young
people today and you know what I have
always admired people's ability to be
creative when writing about their penis
always I would say it's very hard you
get it oh man
I'm on fire
