hi so as always I'm in line for food but
this time I'm in Austin I'm in line
become barbecue more specifically some
of Austin's Franklin barbecue so when I
said I'm in line I meant I'm in a long
long long line but I was told it was
worth the wait because Texans know their
barbecue so can I ask you how much meat
do you have cooking here right now there
are 72 briskets and ate pork butts and
how quickly would that get consumed and
that'll sell out all of it will sell out
tomorrow we open at 11:00 they'll all be
gone by 3:00 3:30 do you sell that every
day every single day Wow that's very
impressive how hot does it get in here
and the Celsius of 54.3 that's going up
and down by tens of degrees is 206 so
your poles are really nice and open by
the end of the day you've got great dick
if your body is a temple and I'm about
to do the equivalent of nuking their
temple because I'm glad to eat a fat
Elvis it's a doughnut covered with
grilled banana grilled bacon and
drizzled with peanutbutter sauce and
topped with honey which is good because
I thought if they stopped without the
peanut butter sauce it would just be a
light healthy option
I'm not going to lie I need that every
day but I'm on a mission to try as many
of the food trucks as I can in Austin
because they're over 1,600 scattered
throughout I like this because the only
thing I want to see when I look outside
of my car window is food and they have
food ranging from kimchi fries which is
an interesting mix of Mexican and Korean
chocolate-covered bacon yeah it's real
cupcakes a frozen hot chocolate from
tacos to deep-fried sandwiches
he's very healthy very healthy of course
there are healthy options around but you
can eat healthy food anytime that's what
I tell myself I never get around to that
time but a food aside it's more the
experience of eating at these places
that for me has been very representative
of what Austin's been like I know the
slogan is keep Austin weird but I
haven't really seen that I've just seen
a city full of young people very relaxed
place where people eat outside under
fairy lights everyone's very cool with
the University of Texas in town and with
almost 40% of its population under the
age of 24 Austin is considered by many a
cultural progressive and liberal
hotspots in what is sometimes regarded
as the conservative state of Texas and I
have to admit it's definitely the kind
of place where I would like to hang out
for a while if not for the food the
atmosphere and fun signs then for the
only kind of nightlife I can handle see
this is the kind of nightlife I
appreciate it a city a whole bunch of
people gathered around a bridge waited
for 750,000 bats to come out and find
their dinner eventually I know why it's
taking a long time it's cuz they're
doing their makeup if I had to come out
two crowns like this I would be taking a
while as well to my makeup do my hair
and look I gave him two hours but
unfortunately I didn't catch a glimpse
it's okay though are you two doing right
now I'm walking down 6th Street
otherwise known as the dirtiest it's the
iconic strip downtown where you can hear
live music from everywhere there are
live music venues bars clubs of food
drunk people just everything everywhere
if you move east on 6 or pretty much
anywhere outside you start to see the
Austin that's often described as a
really kind of hipster place for young
people with so many college students and
young professionals in town get a very
relaxed but cool vibe you know with all
the hanging lights everywhere it's kind
of like the rooftop party that you were
never invited to
but you're invited to this one because
I'm a tourist I'm a tourist you can't
kick me out of this pocket what you need
