hi so on a helicopter on my way to
Monaco why I roll
though a helicopter was a pretty
convenient way of seeing the world's
second smallest country and only two
square kilometers it's about the same
size as New York Central Park and you'll
love this one it has the most
millionaires and billionaires per capita
so what is the pace of a lot of money
look like well it looks like this
now I want you to play a game with me
and all the other people around me just
stay here and watch how many credit
cards do I pass
just waiting for my ride there it is one
of the other very noticeable things the
designer stores lining the streets here
cuz we all need an aircraft tell you
what I like though on this one I have a
little cup of coffee and there's steam
coming out cuz you know I would hate to
buy an aircraft where you had to have
coal of coffee that would be Monaco as
I'm sure you're aware is a monarchy and
if you walk around the streets you see a
lot of photos of the royal couple in the
shop front windows
in fact the Grimaldi family have been
ruling the place for over seven hundred
years and what I waiting for right now
is the ritual of the changing of the
guards with the Royals living here the
palace is constantly under guard and
every day at the same time the guard has
changed yeah I think this is the kind of
job where you don't want to be late to
work for the different we kind of know
for such a small place you definitely
notice when there are a few extra people
in town this weekend for the Monaco
Grand Prix the whole place has been
transformed into a racetrack there are
people in stands on the street if you
look up there are people in their
balconies people on the grass watching
down pretty much everywhere you look
there's something that's race themed
where are we fine where is my girl
I have to stop
let's going on campus we just watched
qualifying but you know if watching it
from the tracks isn't your kind of thing
you might want something a little bit
more glamorous the Heritage Hotel has
been transformed into the paddock lounge
for the race and for the mere price of
750 euro you know a few hundred
exclusive P we're going to be able to
celebrate in here and there's a pretty
good view of the track yes one day you
will all be mine
except that boat it's bit too small that
boat I'm carb loading for the horrendous
amount of status and long-ago every time
I tell myself imagine FINA before you
travel because of the terrain of Monaco
expect a lot of walking and a lot of
stairs
there are however public elevators
hidden throughout the place I just wish
there was one right here for this
particular status lots of page and you
probably recognize this part of Monaco
this is Monte Carlo fun fact for you
though the people of Monaco they're
prohibited from going inside the casino
probably because they know that the
house always wins
I don't know what that means they saw it
in a movie
so the question glam of Monaco and its
population which consists of celebrities
and business tycoons probably has
something to do with the fact that it's
considered a tax haven with no income
tax no capital gains tax of no wealth
tax individuals in Monaco it's a pretty
good place to be if you roll in and if
you want to be one of those people all
you need is a 1 million euro deposit
into a bank account for starters so if
you have that first week
call me secondly you could go on the
list near the weird thing is I could
totally see myself living here you know
if I made one or two extra YouTube
videos I can get I'm joking ain't no you
should we're going to live here
