hey now that come in
come here there's a surprise here for
you huh I'm not doing anything this is
from YouTube are you filming
oh yeah sit up sit up sit up she wasn't
wearing a boot so my mom's jumper what
is this claiming this feels like a
terrorist video setup
I'm a kidnap someone I think you've
kidnapped Kristen you've obviously
kidnapped Kristen so I just kind of
watch it
yeah yeah is this one they told me I
haven't been doing well as a channel I
need to leave the website play Jaime
you're fired
no we we don't think this is working out
three seasons assist yeah yeah they
wanted you to watch this video
okay
okay I gotta quit cuz we only got like
1% battery okay how much hey Natalie hi
oh my goodness hi ten years on YouTube
congratulations I mean my channel is six
months older with us beside myself in
this rabbit he wanted to wish you a very
magical unhappy 10-year youtube birthday
I wanted to take the time out to wish
you a very happy 10-year anniversary on
YouTube lovely trick I can't believe
it's been can't believe that YouTube and
all of us had the privilege of watching
you for the last decade holy crap ten
years oh my god you're so freakin old I
love you we just wanted to miss you
really think I'd hang on credit cut me
off I hope it's that you can do this for
another ten years cuz um I love the way
you see the world years and years your
mind is just so used and I knew that
just what I think
I know you're gonna take that like an
insult in some way I can't believe it's
your anniversary um I just wanted to say
you are an inspiration to me and to my
cat who is now accomplished on the
Internet is that I am a poor man's
Natalie Tran and I believe that and will
tout it there I go hey would you manager
congratulations on congrats on ten years
of making amazing content I watched you
since day one fangirl moment here you
are what reasons that I started actually
talking to a camera so thank you for
making my family think and crazy for
years people ask us who is our favorite
YouTube channel the answers always been
the same and that's you natalie tran web
videos a lot too so from all of us at
the company whenever asked about
YouTube's recommendations it's always
community child that I recommend
although I've heard a lot of good things
about smart as one of your biggest fan
most nine of your videos sometimes even
right to the end and I salute you where
I've learned so much from you mainly
that uploading regularly is completely
trivial
you just bring to light all of these
like awkward painful nuances that we all
experience on a daily basis in such a
sweet but realistic way a lot of people
like to rag on you wait you've had a lot
of brushes with Fame
but actually you have turbocharged the
whole YouTube space and money and I
sometimes get a little bit starstruck
and we have to get a grip no one does it
like you
and that's the point you're such an
amazing comedian you are one of the
coolest people in the interwebs by far
and what I love about your comedy is
that you never make a mean joke you
always make smart insightful jokes we've
all thought about just a little bit
before and it's a wonderful thing you
know you will never ever know how many
Saturday nights you kept me company when
I've decided not to go out which is my
Saturday night so you know who
apologizes more than anyone else I know
Natalie oh sorry were you filming yes oh
I'm sorry no that was your cue oh so did
I miss it no that was perfect
I'm sorry
to stop apologizing do I actually sound
like this do you think I'm kidding right
leo some continues on YouTube and
Natalie hey loves watching all your
videos like since the beginning I
remember like watching your videos for
like at least seven years and every time
you upload I get so excited and I make
my fiance max watch it as well because
it even like are you gonna watch it you
go to watch you would be so it's like we
caught like this super awesome ritual so
thanks so much for making like awesome a
really relatable videos earn her like
twins I've only met Natalie I've never
met her like other sisters or whatever
it's weird I don't know maybe they're
too shy um they're all so freaking funny
I love them all people why have a Barbie
sometimes we think your personality is
really really bad day
you have shone a light on what it means
to be a comedian on the Internet and you
have blown to new heights but you really
hammered down I said over the last
year's - really good job as a common
staple of YouTube you're so inspiring to
me and a bunch of other youtubers uh
probably love you
okay um hi it's a dagger to reserve
person your box
we just like to wish you
dear guys women like a 1% battery click
hey so never stop making videos and
never ever keep a consistent schedule
because it's part of the reason why we
love you I look forward to videos every
single week and I hope these ten years
when I think a laugh and I look forward
to many more years of what you and
YouTube love you bye
not you are genuinely one of the coolest
most brilliant people that I've ever had
the opportunity to me I'm so glad that
you're in my life and congratulations on
a truly extraordinary 10 years on
YouTube thanks for being so inspiring
Wow happy 10 years not only thank you
for providing us dumb idiot ladies that
want to be stupid and Sweden whatever
online with his brain I'm being an idiot
right now I'm a fan girl thing and I
just said I wouldn't do it but I'm doing
it clearly they'll edit this part out
you have seriously changed my life
because you're one of the main reasons I
started youtubing so if you take all the
stories you've ever said and turn them
into thank you is directed back at you
you'll have a sense of just a fraction
how appreciative
exist even more than that it's been
amazing getting to know you and I am
honored to call you a friend so
congratulations on amazing years and
here's to many more named Natalie Tran
we've both got a mini crush look we're
gonna say that nine nothing I want to
thank you for all your funny videos you
very inspirational Bluff and I can't
wait for the next 10 years with you look
at this first of all congratulations and
here's to a lot of memories together in
the future
bye good bye bye dad happy 10th
anniversary that nexi bursary oh wait
tran20 bursaries nevermind anyway
congratulations and thank you for a
decade of quality comedy oh that's so
nice oh did you know obviously Union oh
that's a lie so I thank you guys
well firstly I kind of wish I hadn't
been wearing this hair like it's not
real but like this it's really hideous
sorry mum this is my jacket my mum had
given me when I watched that but thank
you guys so much that's amazing I can't
believe this is the best like as amazing
thank you so much thank you to Kristen
and Rowan for helping organize that
Kristen is my manager at YouTube if you
don't know who she is she's awesome
and Rowan helps film my videos they've
been collaborating to help get all these
awesome people's videos together thank
you so much and thank you to you guys
for watching me for ten years I can't
believe it's been that long but if you
push all the videos together it's like
only one year's worth of videos anyway
but No thank you so much it's amazing
and here's to another ten years
Oh No
