you have 14 new messages hi Natalie I'm
coming to get you tonight I'm gonna find
you and mess you up real good don't even
think about reaching for your phone I'll
be there soon after you get home again
are you nice and comfortable at home
good cuz I'm running a little late I
can't find my keys but anywhere I'll see
you soon found him okay I'm on my way
there's a lot more traffic on the road
than I thought
should've probably left hi so how do you
guys deal with prank calls because I
always find it weird how people say I
know you're there I can hear you
breathing I mean did you think they
weren't breathing you both know that
they're on the phone and breathing but
what would be scary is if you said
something like this I know you're there
I can hear you emptying the dishwasher I
know you're there I can hear you
checking your Gmail I know you're there
we can hear you checking the expiration
date on your milk you stop you stop you
hear me but the reason I ask is because
my friend was receiving prank calls last
week and I think I did a pretty good job
helping out hello hello who is this
hello who is this hello yeah hi um you
need to stop calling my friend or I'm
gonna get upset what's what kind of
threat is that which will cause me to
write your parents a letter
oh my god and it'll just be one of many
letters and I won't stop mailing them
your body parts until you stop calling
and then I'm gonna go to their house and
I'm gonna slash them and you know what
they didn't call back for a full 30
seconds and they kept calling me to turn
the phone off but let me know in the
comments below how do you guys deal with
prank calls
do you speak back to them and get really
worked up and angry talk to me who is it
and stop threatening them isn't it
amazing how you just start threatening
people when their silence I can't hear
someone I'm gonna come and kill you or
do you guys you know just hang up and
and let it be let me know in the
comments below and also let me know what
the weirdest prank call or voicemail
you've ever received is also a big shout
out by the way to these lovely people
who said hi to me thank you so much
coming up and saying hi just to explain
why they're so beautifully dressed we
were at a 50s fair but they looked
amazing
I obviously dressed as someone from the
50s who travelled into the future became
a loser on the internet and then dressed
the way that person would dress yes my
mom bought me this anyway thanks for
saying hi thank you guys for your
comments in my last video which was
about Instagram in real life I
appreciate that so many of you also
depend heavily on filters to make your
life look better thank you for that
don't forget to leave a comment in this
video and don't forget to subscribe for
a new VA which will be Wednesday which
is only in today's Wednesday for in the
Asia Pacific region or Cheers everywhere
else and I hope you guys are well until
then bye
it seems like the traffic was roadworks
expressways oh this guy in front of me
come on move you won't believe this the
comment out of petrol and I couldn't
just say you know my phone is running
out of battery so I've been waiting all
night for you your dinners cold by now
you don't have to make dinner for me how
did you tie yourself up I got Sam from
next door to do it hi Natalie I'm coming
to get you tonight
who's this okay it's boring music /
comment I'm and chairman Pete a lot of
people ask where this smokin hot chick
in the lingerie came from I'm assuming
you don't mean the laundry under my
clothes and you mean the hot chick in my
Instagram video yeah a few guys she came
from some stock image video website
thing yeah she's alright if you like the
smoke and hot lingerie type of woman
thank you for pointing this out sea
turtle I assume it's the reason I wasn't
nominated for any awards this year
let me go past the store because I
forgot some rope if you need anything
let me know
