hi so when I'm at a restaurant and
somebody gets served food before me even
though I ordered first I feel betrayed
because I get so excited when I see that
way to come out and I think my foods
coming
and I'm all like yeah boy
if I was he'll forced and then for some
reason in my head the person who gets
served food first becomes my mortal
enemy and in my head I feel like they're
rubbing it in
even though in reality they're just
eating their food and have no idea that
I exist but with the waiter I start to
have this weird panic that maybe she's
forgotten about me because I was here
first so I start to go a little bit
crazy and I try and get their attention
by staring into their back
that never works or I set myself on fire
unbelievable but at the end of the day
the waiter has all the control which got
me thinking how great would it be to
make them feel like that may I take your
order no you may not cuz I brought my
own waitress yeah she took my order cuz
she came here first
hi gang you can't bring your own
waitress sure I can and look at that
she's already taking other people's
orders cuz she got there first could I
have the hamburger please you can but
should you what nothing
yeah the drama that happens when you
delay me from seeing my food you know I
did get to see though awesome segue
these lovely people thank you so much
for saying hi thanks for sending in your
photos lovely as always to meet you guys
anyway let me know in the comments below
do you guys get irritated when you see
other people being served before you
even though you were there first let me
know in the comments and also thank you
for your comments in my last video which
was about stockpiling good hair days I
loved some of your comments so much that
what I'm gonna try and do is make a
separate video where I reenact some of
the suggestions you guys had I really
loved them but yeah thank you for that
don't forget to subscribe and like the
video I'll have a new video up next week
which is Wednesday if you're in the
asia-pacific region or cheeser
everywhere else and I hope you guys are
well until then bye hey how's it going
obviously not very well YUM
hey it's funny music / comment time and
peculiar if I ever do my makeup will I
make sure I go out even if it's just to
buy milk I will buy milk I will Skype
whatever because it is that very current
and yeah it wasn't a fantastic week but
on the manikins head in the shop I
promise you it looked Remo and dude I
apologize I will definitely make sure I
get back on top of that ASAP
in a video again cause you dare
