hi so you know what's strange when you
wake up and out of nowhere you're having
a fantastic hair day what why not
yesterday because yesterday you had a
bad hair day and yesterday you decided
to see your friend for lunch
but today the excellent hair day is the
day you wanted to spend it home by
yourself watching DVDs and doing yoga
and now slowly lean down and touch your
toes no chance but instead II Here I am
with the nicest hair I'll probably have
in ages which tempts me to start doing
this hey you wanna have lunch oh hey man
sorry I can't I'm studying for an exam
but I have nice hair today I need
someone to look at my hair hey NAT hey
um what you up to you wanna have lunch
hey sorry I'm actually my grandma's
house she's really sick they think today
she might dull hello hey uh you want to
have lunch today oh I can't sorry I'm
actually at the doctor's I think I might
be pregnant oh my god I wish everyone
would stop talking about themselves what
about me and my hair which got me
thinking how great would it be if you
could save a good hair day too late oh
hi hello what can I do for you um I'm
having a really good hair day and I'd
like to save it it's not that good what
nothing
okay well I'll put down the diary if you
just want to hand it over and when do
you want it back
um maybe next week I don't say anyone I
care about till next week all right okay
see you Thanks wouldn't want to be you
what nothing
cuz I reckon I wouldn't just waste a
good hair day on anybody hi sorry I'm
late
really not I'm not worth any hair to you
but unfortunately good hair days often
go to waste
why is no one here to witness this hair
unbelievable you know it's like pimples
I would love to trade in pimples hey
what up um actually wanted to trade this
pimple in for another day if that's all
right oh sure thing what's your name
Tran and first name it Natalie uh sorry
can't do it too many pimples you're
gonna have to take all your pimples for
one
at least to get more credit alright give
them all to me I'll cancel lunch today
I'll do it today cuz who cares what you
look like when you're at home Oh life I
should just rename my channel first of
all problems so like anyone would notice
what nothing anyway let me know in the
comments below what would you stockpile
if you could if it was something like
good hair days or pimple free days let
me know but keep in mind you have to be
able to make up for it another day as
well so there's that beer let me know in
the comments below
speaking of good day so I had a
wonderful time in LA thank you so much
all the people who have helped us make
my trip wonderful thank you to the fine
brothers for our awesome day out or as
I'd like to call them the fines they
Hugh de Hanna who I had a wonderful time
filming with thank you to Joey Meghan
David Lizzy and company for the 4th of
July awesomeness and to Anna fro a
wonderful lunch I'm sorry I didn't get a
photo with you but I got you a parking
ticket I'm so sorry
also I forgot to take a photo with PE
but thanks piggy for taking me
everywhere and watching me eat lots and
lots of cake I appreciate it very much
and thank you to all the lovely people
have been bumping into I had the
pleasure of meeting and thank you so
much for sending in all your photos you
guys are awesome and thank you to you
guys for your comments in my last video
which was about watching people creepily
because that's the way I do it but yeah
let me know in the comments below
what would you stockpile and don't
forget to subscribe for new video each
week which is Wednesday for in the Asia
Pacific region or choose it everywhere
else and I hope you guys are well until
then bye I've seen better hair under an
arm it's not really that great oh are
you are you having a good hair day
are you are you really are you okay it's
funny music / comment time and l√∫thien
yes I am exactly the same especially
with restaurants if I manage to
recommend somebody a restaurant they
like I take full responsibility of the
meal as though I'm the chef and yeah
Laura pretty much anyone who meets me in
the street says I showed your your
videos to my friend and they hated it
and you know what maybe it's time that I
do
maybe it's time
