hi so you know it's always stressful
when you offer your friends sweets or
lollies and they hold out their hands
because then boom the pressures on
because there is no way to win this
situation you either have to be the
weirdo who shakes the packet really
cautiously to make sure they get trust
yeah or you tip the packet and then it's
pretty much like they've won at the slot
machine it's such a bittersweet
situation because while I had originally
planned to eat the entire packet alone
while googling photos of celebrity homes
walking wardrobe nice I now look pretty
cool because my friend thinks I'm super
generous there's way too much thanks
when in reality trust ya which got me
thinking have I been doing it wrong all
these years because maybe this is how I
should ask people to serve me food
because they always get really judge you
when they tell me to say when hey Matt
how much cake do you want um okay tell
me wait all right cool say when
seriously but if I pulled off a little
bit of this action hey now how much cake
do you want um you know what just pour
it into my hands why don't you just tell
me how much is pour it
it just seems a little bit unfair got it
hate the player hate the game yeah I
know it's a little bit of a first world
problem
like when my soft-boiled eggs are too
hard oh this is barbaric but it is one
of those small things that freaks me out
I don't know do you guys freak out when
people make you poor things are you just
a normal person who doesn't think about
weird things preposterous let me know in
the comments and speaking of comments
thank you guys so much for your comments
on my last video which was about another
first world problem being offered food
after you brush your teeth yeah I know
oh my god I hate it when people offer me
food like oh my god I am so excited
because when I'm uploading this video I
will be travelling on my way to the
Americas I'll be attending VidCon when
they're really excited so thank you so
much to the very kind organizers of
VidCon for allowing me to come last
minute I'm so excited
yes I'll be posting updates on my
Facebook and Twitter and Instagram so
make sure you follow me there also don't
forget to subscribe for a new video each
week which is Wednesday 4:00 in the Asia
Pacific region or Tuesday everywhere
else and I will see you guys then bye
okay it's putting music slash comment
time in Angela that's pretty much the
cycle that I'm in at the moment it's why
the patches around my eyes are
discolored and my stomach looks like mr.
Burns's hat that is I have them in my
bra and stuff ah did you ever see
anything so attraction and yeah I would
like to know why so many of you talk
about having orange juice at nighttime
my friends called me up like oh that
happens to me and I drink orange juice
why are you having orange juice at
nighttime it does not make sense and you
know what you are a charmer you are a
charmer
