hi so you know what sucks running out of
ink when you're halfway through a
sentence don't you die on me
don't you die on me but more than that
when you've lost your phone and then you
try to call it and then you realize it's
on silent so fine then the panic Rises
and you think maybe I'll never see my
phone again and then it gets a little
bit dramatic Matt are you okay yeah I am
I just don't this does reward necesito
todos de Soto's todos mis fotos de la
comida and you know it's such a brutal
fall because you're so confident when
you start to call but then when you
realize so it's kind of like the
helplessness you feel when you google
something and there are no results but
if the internet doesn't know I'm sorry
fuck then if I'm lucky enough to put my
phone on vibrate I go into detective
mode ok Watson we know that we're in
this area right here so if we just
narrow down our search to here we just
need to sort out the pattern and find
out where I'm killing people
what I'm sorry I meant where my phone is
and where I kill people and then my
happiness comes down to hearing this
sound hey hey dude I think I got
something here
why do you have a gun and one of the
things I love is that when my phone is
missing I always think I'm probably
missing a ton of phone calls right now
but I mean really no one ever calls me
normally and if they do with you hello
hello this is an automated message from
your service provider because we don't
pay your bill
it runs sobs as a me and then that
really tragic thing happens where when I
do fire my phone I see the missed calls
I get really excited a missed call
what'd I tell ya and then I realize it's
just me trying to find my phone hot
breaking every single time it's like
when I get a notification on Facebook Oh
someone is communicating with me and
then I realize it's just somebody else
commenting on someone else's status as
well heart breaking
but what I've always found kind of weird
is how when my phone is on silent I kind
of just accept the fact that I might not
say it again it's like I have that
little faith in my memory and the
tidiness of my room but I get you know
pretty dramatic and I'm like I guess I'm
gonna have to like get a new phone now
now it's definitely in the room will be
out over man just accept that it's over
yeah do you guys go into the same kind
of panic when you lose your phones or do
you have a special way of finding it
when it's on silent let me know in the
comments yeah see I should probably just
accept that my phone is in the last
place that I put it and knowing me that
just means in a chair in front of a
screen somewhere yeah I should probably
go outside a lot more because when I do
go outside I meet these awesome people I
would like to say as well.this mum was
awesome she came up to me and said hi
I'm the mum that rates you and that is a
very classy line so thank you so much
and also big height of the R&R team
thank you very much and thank you for
your lovely gift
I've eaten most of it I know I say this
a lot but I say it because it's true if
you want curly hair you have to eat the
crust true but I do also say thank you
so much for coming up and saying hi it
honestly means the world to me that you
guys are always so cool and such nice
people and I love that I've been able to
share this video making experience with
you and I get to meet you in real life
for those of you who I haven't gotten to
meet though thank you you guys are also
too for leaving comments on my last well
my last two videos one of them was about
the pronunciation of pistachio pistachio
and when you realize that you preen
pronouncing a word incorrectly and I
also checked in a little
Mother's Day video on the weekend as
well about my mother's jumper collection
thank you so much for leaving your
hilarious comments as we go into porno
music / comment time I particularly like
how many of you guys also didn't know
how to print out to my knee when you
first read the books cuz I remember I
was in high school I'd never met anyone
named - - I was like Ron and Hermione
and that was our point out in my head
but yeah and for the Mother's Day video
yeah I know my moves are pretty awesome
I don't need to get jealous and yes you
may see me the next step up movie if
they make it super hardcore like really
about dancing and yeah thank you very
much oh I appreciate it but yeah don't
forget to subscribe guys I have a new
video up next week which is Wednesday if
you're in the asia-pacific region choose
everywhere else and I will see you guys
then bye oh my god I did not work at all
what the shit why do you have a gun do
you want in on this job alright shut up
shut up her who you working for
