hi so you know it's embarrassing when
you get caught out knowing too much
celebrity gossip and I had no idea she
was in a new film um yeah did you not
hear she was totally kissing her co-star
light rude he's I don't said some dumb
girl I read the news but more than that
the horrifying moment when somebody says
a word and then you realize you've been
mispronouncing it would you like an ice
cream yeah sure what flavor um I have
pistachio Daniel Daniel Takeo then all I
can think about is how often I've been
mispronouncing it oh man I love cashews
mmm I love pistachio oh man pistachios
are my life
and then you know I get really paranoid
thinking about how often they've heard
me say it and if they're making fun of
me
attention everybody thank you for coming
to the annual Natalie can't pronounce
words properly gathering today she said
pistachio it's like that time she said
no way instead of Moet water blurbed yes
or a troglodyte ha ha because that's
what people do in their spare time right
they have gatherings about pronunciation
I'm sure nobody really cares but
whenever this happens I always just for
a minute which that I could just
disappear kind of like how I feel when
shop assistants tell me how expensive
things I like are sorry this shirt is
450 dollars oh cool I just um need to
disappear I'm just kidding I'm totally
comfortable with how I handle that
situation 450 that's cheaper than I
thought it would be I just I mean like I
don't know if I want something so cheap
so I'm just gonna have a look around at
some of the more expensive shops and
then I will come back yeah I'll come
back at never o'clock excellent I've
always wanted to use that joke anyway so
yeah what happened was a friend of mine
I was at her house and she pronounces it
pistachio and I thought it was always
pronounced pistachio it says so in my
dictionary it says so online and online
is always right yeah but in a whole
family's from Italy and I was saying
that it's actually pronounced pistachio
and it blew my mind I don't know
I think from now and I'm just gonna
handle this situation by crawling into a
ball no because really that's the only
adult way to solve problems but yet let
me know in the comments are there any
words that you found out later in life
that you have been mispronouncing see
for me a lot of the majority was I don't
know how to pronounce words that I read
a lot but I haven't heard said in real
life so for example I used to read books
all the time with the the character
named Cecil mm-hmm
I always thought it was Cecil right so
in my head the scenes played out like
this
Oh Cecil I love you so baby I know but
recently I heard it pronounced as Cecil
which blew my mind and then I had to go
back and then work all the scenes like
this Oh Cecil I love you so I don't
think I like Cecil Cecil sounds we do up
this yeah what can you do and I don't
George
luckily enough I'm not fancy enough to
kind of run into these kind of problems
I am fancy enough though to run into
these awesome people thank you so much
as always for sending in your photos and
a big thank you for your hugs and your
support I always appreciate it and thank
you to you guys for your comment on my
last video which was about receiving
encores like rockstars
and I really like how so many of you
left comments about how you'd like to
receive Rockstar treatment as we heading
to put a music slash comment time for
just about anything I particularly like
this one from Caledonian kinsmen because
I actually wasn't wearing matching socks
during this video which is why I had to
cut that scene a little bit short but
yeah I wouldn't mind an encore for that
as well and I'm not going through
menopause I went through that ages ago
and my balls dropped don't forget to
subscribe for a new video every week
which is Wednesday if you're in the
asia-pacific region or choose everywhere
else I will try and have a Mother's Day
just a quick Mother's Day shout out they
need for mum before then but I hope you
guys are well and that you have a
wonderful week and I will see you guys
then bye
