hi so my dreams are usually pretty
boring this dream is pretty boring even
I don't want to be in it maybe I can
dream a better dream but every now and
then I get a dream that I really enjoy
Natalie
yes elenova from the TV show - I know
we've been friends for a while now but I
think there's probably time that was it
sure and when I get disrupted I do this
thing where I try and force myself I
will myself back to sleep back into that
dream like it's a movie sorry about that
my alarm went off where have you gone
Alan no Alan please I was I was sitting
here and you were here please come back
Alan ah which got me thinking how great
would it be if your dreams were
available to rent on DVD what are you
wearing oh sorry got to go customers
here hi um are you after any dream in
particular um yeah I had a dream last
night I didn't quite get to finish it
last night well your new releases are
right here was it school exam nightmare
in which you go back to high school and
you've missed an exam it's a very
stressful one no I hate that one
that's a reoccurring oh is it this weird
mix of madman and Friday Night Lights
it's an interesting mix that one yeah I
just been watching a lot of - oh here it
is
now Alan older at the beach yeah that
one has been getting some pretty bad
reviews Oh No why is it rated G I
thought there's going to be like some
r-rated action in there well if you want
to your adult section is really full at
the moment no it's okay I got a got a
lot of those all right cool Natalie s
Alan Alda from mesh I know we've been
friends for a while now but I really
think that we should stop hanging out
what and then we're gonna hook up or
something huh
in your dreams then but this is my dream
this is my dream yeah so I guess what
would actually be better is if you could
rent out real movies and insert them
into your dreams the netbook
I didn't you write me why I waited for
you for over seven years and now it's
too late
I wrote you 365 letters I wrote you
every day for a year what who does that
that's kind of crazy what it is meant to
be rainy right now this is not how the
movie goes wait to be rainy like
romantic it's double flap yeah let me
know in the comments if you guys ever
had any epic dreams interrupted that you
would love to revisit otherwise what
would be the ideal movie that you would
insert into your dreams I've been
thinking about I can't quite round it
down yet but let me know in the comments
and I will share with you what mine is
next week speaking of movies as well a
big shout out to this awesome guy thank
you so much for saying hi and for
sending in your photo I don't like to
play favorites but this is definitely up
there in terms of one of my favorite
moments taking photos of the new guys
because you just held out the camera and
you're like hi and then you just started
taking photos and I couldn't stop
laughing so thank you very much for
reading of bringing a big smile to my
face and thank you guys for your
comments in the last video which is
about everyone's blatant disregard of
instruction manuals and thank you to
everyone as we go into porn music slash
comment I'm for pointing out that I had
a giant spelling error in that in that
print ad yes when I went to print out I
had to already put it into a JPEG form
so that I couldn't edit it and the girl
pulls it off on screen he goes there's
giant spelling error how big do you want
this really really big so we can print
it up yeah thank you for pointing that
out also you just did you just did buy
in your dream
yeah
you
