hi
so don't know about you guys but
occasionally I'll be going about my
business so I don't want these
newsletter emails anymore but I'm too
lazy to unsubscribe this is hard when I
had that sudden panic that I forgot I
had an indoor plant and I've never
watered it panic no no no no no no no no
to be fair I told Isabel not to give it
to me
hey thought I'd come past her breath is
that for me yes why do you want it to
die
it'll be fine but it won't that plant
like every other plant that's ever
stepped foot inside of the Natalie
Kingdom is doomed I'm like an evil
Disney Queen who kills every plant this
summer Walt Disney presents the story of
a little pot plant who just wanted to
live I just want to live and an evil
queen whose touch killed all pot mirror
mirror on the wall kill the plants kill
them all
yes joy oh come on why are all evil
people's assistants ugly I mean I'm the
queen as if I wouldn't get a hot
assistant you know like as if the Queen
can't have a hot assistant anyway these
are for you
you put the bullet in its head
in fact it's gotten to the point now
where people bring plants to my house
and say things like you won't be able to
kill this one fine but you watch see
that just died in your arms yes I killed
the plant
I am the plant killer it's better off
with you
yeah watch this see look at this like
it's crazy rude no subtlety that's crazy
so if I hold it near you you can bring
it back to me no Betsy I try really hard
oh there's that plant I own I should
probably water it sometime I guess I
just don't have the time and believe it
or not it still dies no but I become
that person that person that you know
you can take a plant - if you got a
problem that you need solving hey shut
up or I'll kill you in here I think we
need to take it to pk blood cool yeah
thing was alive after an eight week
holiday no water it's a nightmare
those little flies were everywhere PK
will know what to do gentlemen
we're inside hats
would you like a cup of tea I'd be the
kind of gangster that offers tea you
know the really scary sophisticated ones
perhaps a biscuit I'm okay PK Thanks
doing just just take a biscuit one of
them weird vegan ones he keeps giving us
vegan stuffs okay it's not so bad
remember Darren yeah that vegan hot dog
you loved it he says that thanks PK I'm
gonna want to put it in my pocket
oh and we're gonna eat later we do have
some business we need to talk to you
about yeah we got a plant that we need
get rid of well let's move this to the
card game this one I saw on TV where
they kind of just you need a hand PK no
no I'm good I'm good just you know
piqu√© about this plan don't worry that's
taken care of George yes boy guys are
you serious even as a gangster even as a
gangster I get an ugly assistant thanks
George
so you're the plant who won't die huh
that's right let's see how long you last
under my care you don't scare me plant
killer you won't be needing this anymore
good luck trying to remember my care
instructions on my Latin name no one
needs to know your Latin name and you
know what buddy doesn't matter no one's
gonna know who you are tomorrow I'm
gonna be around for a long time I'm a
low maintenance that's never true I can
survive in the shed
oh my god what is it your presence this
house any way you get it I could sing a
song about my relationship with indoor
plants in fact I did write one heel
Porter poplin killer in the house hide
your funds you really stressed me out
right now because you did what I asked
you not to do you gave me a pot of flat
even though you know oh my potted plants
are doomed you say I cannot kill this
but you don't know what I can do every
single plant I'll touch a shrivel up and
sit up dude if you give me a plant then
it will die yes I'll put it in the
sunlight but it'll die no I will
overwater it and yet you'll die every
single plan will surely die if I look at
a plant then it will die if I say the
work plant a plant somewhere dies if a
plant sees a picture of me then it dies
even if it's plastic but it still dies
and what's going cactus and cacti live
in arid land so I think that the fact is
all plants will die in these two hands
but you know I haven't released it yet
Internet's not ready and I'm just not
ready for that level of Fame I've got a
lot on my plate at the moment I wouldn't
be receiving this junk mail if I had
unsubscribed from the mailing list about
a month ago but I really enjoy
complaining speaking of annoying things
online ah it's my ten year YouTube
anniversary coming up soon and you've
been on YouTube for ten years that your
numbers wouldn't shut your face right
now but to celebrate I thought I would
have a barbecue if you're in Sydney in
the next few weeks I'd love you to come
along unfortunately I can only invite a
limited amount of people because of the
space so what I've done is I've include
an RSVP link below and yeah fill it out
it'll accept RSVPs until Friday and then
they'll all go into a lucky draw and
it'll randomly select people I'm sorry
that I can't invite everybody but you
know I prefer to say it's limited so
that when only five of you show up the I
don't feel so bad
also yeah don't feel so bad because it's
a vegan barbecue so he wants to go to
that it'll be awesome I'm only joking
please come I'm sorry that this video is
a little bit late I have a lot of
excuses none of them are good I will
have a new video up next week now I can
just lie to your face after ten years of
being with you you think I'd stop lying
to your face I will try though but I
tell you what you guys look good I feel
like you've done something different
since last I saw you it's the hair you
got a haircut looks good very slimming
okay it's porno music / comment time I
loved how many comments came in mocking
that I had suggested
I had 12 friends to cut cake for I'll
tell you what though I was going to
complain about it but then I thought
about I'm like no you did stay home and
you did bake two cakes for yourself for
a YouTube video and then you ate them
that night so I guess I kind of see
where you guys are coming from
true crayon oh my god I hate it when you
end up next to the birthday person in a
photo especially when you don't know
them world's like when you end up in the
center of a photo or up the front and
I'm always trying to edge my way to the
side but the side is a problem right
when you're on the side of a wide-angle
photo you're never going to look good
you don't just like melt into the side
but yes it is a problem I like that
comment a lot and I feel like I always
have to acknowledge the puns I see what
you did there and I like it I like it
too cake pieces
