hi so I like photos as much as the next
person oh that's a great photo oh I'm
not in that one
I'm not in that one I'm moving up
there's another great photo of me but
one of the situations I hate is when
you're out with a group of people and
you're taking a photo and then all of a
sudden this shoe starts to happen three
actually not could you take one of my
phone for me as well
Oh actually net could you take one of my
camera as well okay thank you sorry NAT
could you grab one on my camera as well
okay because honestly I'm starting to
think one of the best solutions is
either to build some kind of mega
machine okay everybody's ready for the
group shot okay
ready all right one two three or I could
just solve it by being really mean and
saying you have one chance but see I
don't even think is about having a
personal copy I kind of secretly think
it's about people wanting another chance
to look better in a photo but let's face
it if you can't look good after trying
two times you ugly no I'm just kidding
it's kinda like when you watch a kid who
fails at blowing out candles though you
know it's like kid if you kind of get it
after the first few times you want no
wish for you you guys know what I mean
though right I always end up feeling
like a school photographer when I take
multiple group shots alright everyone
come on everyone in class five red sit
together legs together fists on your
knees because I'm taking so many photos
I can send everyone home with a crazy
collection of different sized portraits
of themselves how weird is that by the
way when you pay for lots of different
size photos of yourself to give out to
people oh hey baby you can have put this
one in your wallet here you go grandpa
knock yourself out anyway let me know in
the comments how do you guys deal with
being the photographer in group
situations are you generous with your
multiple photographs or are you the
culprit who insists on having one on
their own device let me know speaking of
going out though and taking photos I was
out in Melbourne over the weekend I had
a wonderful time I visited the Fashion
Festival
I had a Melbourne makeover I stuffed my
face with all sorts of food and if you'd
like to watch my Melbourne adventures
you can click the link here and watch
the video with tourism Victoria or in
the link below and you can check out the
videos there speaking of being in
Melbourne though I've met so many
awesome people I was there thank you
guys so much
sending in your photos and thank you for
saying hi I'm sort of considering moving
down a mold because of the huge amount
of hugs that I received while I was down
there so thank you guys so much for
saying hi and I hope you guys the world
by the way don't forget to subscribe I
have a new video up every week which
will be Wednesday 4 in the Asia Pacific
region or Tuesday everywhere else and I
hope you guys are well until then bye
okay it's putting music slash comment
time and Kay Brady you know I've got
told that when you buy a lot of tickets
as a sign that you're depressed so I
must be very depressed good I've been
playing a lot of lottery tickets lately
and I like Haley how when you become a
millionaire you just start throwing in
no worries man like you you have no more
stress because you become a millionaire
and you know what Jimmy Lee aim high
buddy aim super high
