hi so you know I love when you wake up
and your sheets haven't moved all night
so you don't have to make your bed again
oh but more than that I love how
whenever I buy lottery ticket in my head
I've already won
okay so here's your lottery to get and
he's your change you know what keep it
it's 20 dollars what's 20 bucks I'm a
millionaire and then all my
conversations with friends become about
how we're going to spend our millions of
dollars and one of the things I love is
how everybody falls into certain kind of
categories for example me I man I'd give
everyone a million dollars kind of
person I would totally give everyone a
million dollars I buy everyone a car so
I'd buy you a car I buy you a car and
I'd buy you a car I don't drive well not
had a drive which I'm buying you a car
like be grateful but some of my friends
are the I wouldn't tell anyone
kind of people I just wouldn't tell
anyone if I wanted why not well because
then everyone would expect you to give
them money and then treat you strangely
but you would tell me right
you paused I didn't pause and those
friends I'm always highly suspicious or
I didn't win anything in the lottery you
didn't even get any of the numbers how
did you go ah yeah I didn't get anything
oh really yeah really oh really yeah I
would have bought you a car and then
there's the odd give it all to charity
friend to be honest I'd probably just
give it all the charity I mean what am I
gonna do I can't spend all that money
and I got nothing to say about those
people cuz they're way nicer than I am
I'm the kind of person who fake offers
to pick things up hotel with hey let me
help you out okay I got it
no it's all good I've got it thank you
so much though you're so kind but the
friend who earns me the most is the
friend who claims that they need more
than what they win the I need more money
than that friend I mean if you think
about it thirty million isn't that much
money you buy a house that's way over
half a million dollars you buy your
parents house over half a mil BAM
I'm gone I don't think that's enough so
if I called you up and I told you I'm 30
million dollars you wouldn't care I'm
just saying I don't think it would buy
you very much
then why you keep handling me for the
five bucks I borrowed from you it's five
bucks the sad thing is every time I buy
a lotto ticket I genuinely think I'm
gonna win this time and I'm really
disappointed when I don't
and tonight's supplementary numbers are
1 and 15 oh great
now after go and undo everything you
know what you're the worst fuck ever I
quit why would I want to watch what I'm
saying why would a millionaire want to
watch what they're saying I just want to
reiterate that once you sign that
contract you cannot return these boats
why would I return a boat why would a
millionaire return a boat what happened
to your tooth are this I go on to them
gold platinum are you gonna be able to
undo that why would a millionaire undo
this unbelievable anyway I guess the
point of this video was to let you know
that I did buy a lottery ticket before
last night's draw and I didn't win how
surprising is that but for the day
yesterday I was a millionaire so let me
know in the comments below what kind of
lotto winner
would you be and what would you do with
your millions because I have mine all
planned out for the day that I win lotto
because I am obviously destined to be a
millionaire let me know also a big shout
out to this lovely girl thank you for
saying hi for sending your photo in and
also thank you guys for your comments in
the last video as we go into porno music
slash comment time my last video was
about all the deep thoughts that we get
into in the shower mega forest fire I
hear you nothing can help my poor math
skills the only time I can do maths is
when it involves discounts on food and I
also enjoyed the comments about not
knowing what beads or pockets were
because surely that's a joke right
I'm not a cat lady yeah anyway don't
forget to let me know what kind of
litter where you are and I will see you
guys in a week which is Wednesday from
the asia-pacific regional choose
everywhere else and I hope you guys are
well until then bye
