hi so I don't know about you guys but
one of the things I'm guilty of is
acting like I know about a subject
matter just because I've seen a TV show
or movie about it
hey now do you know anything about
football um I've seen the movie
blindside with Sandra Bullock and I've
seen all of Friday Night Lights so yeah
I know about football but do you know
what's happening here
I've got no idea yeah but it'll be am
was a five-yard penalty a five-yard
penalty okay and what's the position of
that player there that would be B you're
not a quarterback and quarterback that
would be the quarterback okay then
here's this player over here I have to
eat yogurt now and I don't know when
this happened but I seem to be pretty
comfortable and confident passing off
things that I've seen in TV shows and
movies as knowledge when there are
American airborne landings in Normandy
there was Operation Market Garden there
was the Battle of Bastogne you know a
lot about World War two I had no idea
you were so into history more like
really into the show Band of Brothers
box set you know I like to read though
I'm a little bit concerned because I'm
starting to believe that because I've
seen things happen on screen enough
times if I'm ever in the same situation
I've got it under control so here's a
couple of skills and situations that I
think I can handle because of TV and
movies number one being attacked
if you're ever attacked make sure you
scratch the person who's attacking you
that way when they find your body the
DNA of your attacker will be under your
nails sauce si si
being a terrorist my name is Nicholas
bro don't even think about making a
video because if you make a video
they're gonna use it in the news against
you even though you didn't do anything
yeah then you can't be with the FBI
girlfriend sauce homeland
because I've seen a lot of action movies
I'm pretty sure I'd know how to stop a
ticking time bomb I'd know which wire to
cut because it's always red
right why do they always pick between
red and black red red cut the red one
source common sense unbelievable yeah
let me know though are you the same do
you have any kind of knowledge or skills
that you feel that you've acquired
through just watching a TV show movie
let me know in the comments what they
are speaking of comments as we then
turned upon it music / comment time I
would like to say I am sorry that it's
definitely felt like it's been longer
than a week since my last upload and no
thank you for pointed out but the lump
was not real it did not kill me if you
follow me on Twitter on Facebook I
mentioned that I got a little bit caught
up with work if you want to follow me on
those I do update them more regularly
sometimes in my videos with really
important information by the way um but
you know I apologize I got really caught
up with work but now I will be making
videos back on my weekly schedule again
and also a big shout out to these lovely
people who I had the pleasure of meeting
anyway like I said I'm back to my weekly
uploads let me know what skills you have
acquired from the screen and I will see
you in a week which is Wednesday 4 in
the Asia Pacific region or cheers
everywhere else I hope you guys are
really well till then bye yogurt yogurt
yolk yogurt I have to bid on eBay now I
have to eat now I always have to eat now
downside about movie knowledge though is
when you get caught out like how I used
to always think I knew a lot about
hockey just because I watched my Redux
of the kid so five shots shootout I love
when they do the Flying V and when the
mum marries the coach
