hi so I don't know about you guys but I
tend to use my friends as a measure of
how sick I am oh my god what is this
long oh my god I have a lump I'm dying
wait I'll check and see Lauren has a lot
Lauren oh do you have a lump on the back
of your head like just here uh yeah
oh goodness Lauren's probably dying too
and I mean really I have no idea what
this lump is and maybe it's a really bad
sign that both of us have it but it just
kind of makes me feel better to know
that my friend has the same problem as
me and if she does can't be that bad
which got me thinking imagine if the
medical world behaved like this alright
so tell me what's wrong oh yeah I have
this lump on my head right above my ear
I think it's been giving me a headache
okay well um just here is it yeah like
right above my ear okay well uh I sort
of have a lump there as well so I think
you're gonna be alright
because if you think about it that's how
reassuring it is just to hear a friend
confirm that they have the same symptoms
as well but I think at the end of the
day it's just nice to know that somebody
else is coming on the illness journey
with you hey Lauren hey Lauren
Hey I met the doctors right now and yeah
I think that lump in the back of our
heads is a really bad thing they think I
might die in like three days
that's terrible that probably means I'm
gonna die as well yeah I know
dying buddies what are you gonna wear to
your funeral uh I don't know what are
you gonna wear well I'm not that bad but
I do feel kind of guilty because
whenever a friend of mine is sick I'm a
horrible person
- have you been I've been feeling kind
of sick lately huh get away what are you
doing I said get away from right and
then I overreacted think that they've
given me an illness no my throat is sore
I think I'm dying you're not dying I'm
dying and you are the murderer
yeah let me know in the comments does it
make you feel better if your friend
shares the same symptoms as you or am I
just a horrible person so the reason I
made this video is because a friend
requested I make it because I'm always
using them as a as an illness kind of
barometer and last time I called them it
was about this hey did you eat any of
that chicken last night yeah why ah
awesome I've had bad food poisoning from
all day
that's not awesome that's horrible yeah
but you it's all good because you're
proper gonna get it - call me if you
don't yeah
but apparently wishing your friend food
poisoning is crossing the line so I
apologize and here is the video anyway
let me know how you guys are with it and
I will see you in a week which is
Wednesday in the Asia Pacific region or
Tuesday everywhere else I hope you are
well or that you have a friend if you're
not well until then bye are you sure
Nathalie I'm a doctor I must have a
doctor friend let's call him up hey Tony
do you have a lump like behind your ear
okay it's funny music / comment time and
name of the rose 5 you know for a hot
pocket I might just come and do that I
can be the mean lady who yells at kids
in exchange for food and Florence I used
to pretend to fall asleep at parties all
the time when I was kid just so my
parents would have to leave I'd fall
asleep like in the middle of the floor
where everyone would have to walk around
me and now I think about it that's a
really mean thing to do and thank you I
think so it's very kind of you to say
although sometimes I suspect she has
feelings for me which is very awkward
