hi so I'm pretty boss in party
situations
hey so the party's out yeah all right
let's hone your music down what is a
turn your music down I'll call the
police but one of the things I don't
handle particularly well at New Year's
Eve gatherings is the struggle to stay
awake until midnight hmm almost midnight
yet it's only like 8:30 be serious
well technically it's 8:20 I'm not gonna
make it I'm not gonna make it because
whenever it's New Years Eve I honestly
feel like I'm slipping into a coma from
about 7:00 p.m. until midnight we're
losing her Matt stay with me stay with
us Matt don't walk towards the light
don't walk towards the light oh I'm
super sleepy I fight it so that I can
see the fireworks on television and then
as soon as I see the fireworks I'm like
BAM out like a light wake up the
fireworks
and now they think about it I've got no
idea where this determination comes from
because it's not as though I have to
watch fireworks before I go to bed any
other time
now I can't and it's not as though if I
don't see that clock strike midnight the
new you just won't come hey wake up
oh no don't miss it no we waited for you
really no you slept right through it
welcome to 2014 so Bangor lievable
because all the times I do manage to
stay awake yeah the only thing that ever
happens is this oh three two one my
question says five minutes left
well being five minutes late to
everything this year anyway let me know
do you guys have anything special that
you do on your Year's Eve or how do you
like to celebrate because for me it
really is just a struggle to stay awake
although last night I had a really good
time with some great friends friends
area um yeah let me know I had I thought
about it I was like what have I achieved
and last year that I would like to share
with people in youtube two things one I
got a photo with Steve Carell
which really involves no talent and just
you know a lot of stalking and two I got
a photo with a giant rabbit from
Sylvanian families at Singapore Airport
which may not mean anything to you but
it does if you collected Sylvanian
families when you're a child something
in families sorry shouldn't I was so
excited to share that with you as well
but now I think about it it's kind of
creepy anyway I hope you have had a
wonderful New Year's Eve if you're in
Australia or if you've already
celebrated or that you're about to
depending on where you are in the world
and I will see you guys next week which
is a Wednesday in the asia-pacific
region or choose everywhere else and I
hope you were wonderful until then bye
okay it's party music / comment time and
yes mango splashes you know anything is
bad if your mum can't fix it it's like
how you know you have to throw away a
piece of clothing if your mum can't get
the same out because nobody else in this
world is gonna know how and Nathan why
not
Hawkeye for life and I bet you do buddy
I bet you do it's like a box right like
flat surfaces
