hi so you know what's stressful about
birthdays being in charge of the
birthday cake photo okay you can do this
man you're going to capture this moment
here it comes ready to press
here we go no wait don't it's too early
you want to get the money shot
but more stressful than any of that it
was my birthday on Sunday and as the
cake you know candle blow earlier I was
in charge of cutting the cake and you
know how stressful cutting a cake is a
lot more stressful than it should be
okay you can juicy snap you're going to
cut this cake there's 12 people so if
you cut it in half that way and then
half this way and then divide each
quarter into three you're going to nail
this you're going to cut this cake into
very even pieces everyone's gonna think
it's actually not I don't think I'll
have any cake but thank you well okay
cool I mean I had already counted and
now it's uneven which is kind of hard to
cut in us it doesn't matter I'll forget
about this
and also I'm going to share a piece with
Janine okay cool so now it's even yen
okay I just oh and now I just want a
small piece so don't cut me anything to
its birthday Kay just shut up and eat it
oh no like that's too much that's too
much you couldn't eat that much gate
just a smaller amount okay and I smaller
less less a little bit less a little bit
less yeah that's great
thank you so much you know it always
bothers me when people ask for key cuz
I'm like do you know how hard it is to
move this kind of stuff is like a
construction site
you know first piece is good you got
sound support everywhere second slice is
like a murder scene and then you just
end up serving people this weird
horrible mess you know what don't look
at it like that okay it's birthday cake
it's not a chore it's a delight
I don't know obviously the pressure is
on when you're cutting a cake more so
than when you take the photo the worst
part about the photo though is that you
can't just do this wait sorry I missed
it if we could just sorry just one more
time and everyone just act like it was
the first time I liked the tears they
were good all right yeah I don't know
it's weird I have a strange obsession
with getting photos we can see the
person blowing out the candles but the
flames are still there because once it's
extinguished people won't know what's
happening in this photo Natalie who
knows maybe this happened hey Rebecca
eat cake and die what does that mean
where did this cake come from why aren't
the candles lit got the shot the money
shot oh yeah and I guess that's an
indication that it's time to wrap up
this video and I apologize because I
just realized this whole video is about
how stressful I find birthdays birthdays
are so stressful life is super hard you
know I'm only joking right you know I I
I know that's a stupid stress it's like
on a scale of one to ten and ten anyway
hope you guys are well and now it is
porno music / comments time I just want
to say I am incredibly upset that so
many of you admitted that you were the
kind of person who would take an
umbrella that is so does do you go to
shops and just take dogs that people tie
outside and pulled up what who are you
people do you go to airport security and
just kind of take whatever luggage off
the car it is a sign of madness and I
I I don't know what to say and yes it
was the umbrella that cost me $40 I
can't believe so many of you remember
that and I can't believe that that's
what I tell you I I spent a dud $40 and
umbrellas how stressful a birthday's
life is hard
life is super hard I turned 30 by the
way oh
