hi so I've never been very good at the
whole croc thing watch out the ink is
gonna mark the other page ah ink seepage
and now that it's Christmas it just
reminds me how poor I am at gift
wrapping because every single time I go
through the same process
first there's the under estimating of
wrapping paper needed so you know I roll
it open I do the flippy measuring thing
which in my head is a super accurate way
of measuring it and then BAM the gap the
horrible realization that the two sides
are just not going to meet
so most people smart people would then
probably try and start again not me
every time I make the mistake of wasting
too many minutes seeing if I can flip
the object and somehow make the paper
fit I usually realize I don't have
enough wrapping paper to start again so
I try and give it to them with the gap
at the bottom but everyone always tries
to open up the present from the bottom
Newman I know it sounds silly but I get
kind of competitive because then that
person always rocks up at a party the
person with the awesome wrapped present
how's it going oh shit
she brought a ribbon you can't see the
sticky tape on your gift wrapping Oh
imagine that
seeing the tape oh and if you've ever
been around a mega gift wrapper you know
it's pretty awesome
watching them wrap things they do that
thing where the scissors glide along the
paper and you start to feel like you're
watching Olympic sport like ice skating
and here we see her pulling off a
beautiful blind without any kind of
wavering
on the odd occasion where I do measure
it correctly I step back and realize
that whatever I've created kind of looks
like a bomb a sir we're picking up a
possible bomb threat under Christmas
tree are we sure that it's a bomb we're
not sure of details yet but it's
definitely a bomb it's no one would give
a present to look that shit yeah I just
suck at gift wrapping and so help me God
if I'm not wrapping something that's a
box shape
if it's anything else yeah that shit's
gumming in a plastic bag anyway let me
know are you a terrible gift wrapper
like myself or are you an awesome gift
wrapper or is there another part of
Christmas that you find particularly
stressful let me know I hope you're all
having a wonderful Christmas or a happy
holidays and I will see you guys in a
week which is Wednesday if you're in the
asia-pacific region or cheers everywhere
else and I hope you're all well until
then bye okay it's funny music / comment
time and farri that's actually a great
question that plagues my heart I end up
putting them in my home clothes pile
which is basically a pile on my floor
that I step over every day until I make
the next video and no my boobs were not
sweating in that cinema it was just a
very unfortunate shadow like the one
that follows my face and well aren't you
gonna have a fun few days on YouTube
comments oh yes you are
