hi so I'm a little bit crazy when I see
films oh come on we're gonna be late for
the movie it's just the previews just
just the previews the previews are part
of the movie experience but the more I
see films with friends the more I
realize there are certain people I can
no longer see movies with firstly
there's the as if person as if as if
that would happen in real life yeah
that's why it's called a movie as if
he's gonna survive that fall he's meant
to have like super powers the power of
inconsistency you see they're the kind
of spoiled sports who ruin hypotheticals
if you had to pick between flying or
being invisible which one would you be
well they're both impossible so you have
to pick between one or two would you fly
or I can't have either because why so
cool just want to have fun why don't you
want to be happy but at least you
understand story which makes you better
than the second type of friend the
friend who can't understand story line
what's going on
they're going to the school why to find
the mom which one's the mom
the woman on the screen I don't
understand what have you been watching
now they think about it maybe they can't
follow storyline like I can't follow
makeup tutorials it's blending the
eyeshadow and just like that you have
smoky eyes ah I look awesome
then there's the friend that I like to
call the IMDB friend who can't let it go
when they've seen an actor that they
recognize where is that actor phone I
don't know I've seen before I dad pauses
I'll look it up afterwards he's gonna
kill me I'm gonna kill you first
yeah and then there's the person who may
understand the least the person who gets
up to go to the bathroom at the
important moment that's just crazy
because then they come back and they're
all what I miss I went to the school and
ever confronting her oh wow that would
have made a really angry did you say
anything about like how she felt I don't
know because you just talked all over it
anyway perhaps it's because my life is
so boring that I rely so heavily on the
interesting lines of carriages on
screens and that's why I take movies so
seriously but let me know in the
comments below are there people who you
hate seeing movies with and why
otherwise do you kind of call selective
friends to see movies with see I
actually not
we do that but I give you up my friends
according to the genre of movie so I
have friends who I see rom-coms with
friends who I see Mariah Carey movies
with there's only one of them and that's
my reflection and there are people who I
see dance movies with drama movies with
you get the gist and there are just
people who just don't call me back why I
oughta
I'm joking and a big shout-out by the
way to the Riverside Theatre thank you
so much for letting me film in there I
called them up and asked them if I could
film and they very generously said yes
so thank you so much and I hope you guys
are well I hope you're enjoying your
week and I will see you next week which
is Wednesday 4:00 in the Asia Pacific
region or choose everywhere else with a
new video and I hope you're well until
then bye okay it's porno music / comment
time and Tim you know I asked myself the
same question sometimes but then I
remember I traded my Asian photo skills
in to be friends at Sailor Moon so it
all evens out in the end and yes I am
incredibly hard to understand which is
why hundreds of you asked me what sound
source was and I have no idea I have no
idea what you mean and maybe I have no
idea how you found out you see what I
did there you see what I did there I
think I did this right blend the blood
what is it called up the top and just
what is this stuff called eyeshadow oh
my god I just saw my reflection it's get
away though feel like a serial killer
painting my face before I find my victim
