hi so you know what I hate when you're
browsing a website and you can't figure
out how to turn off its music where's
the sound source where is your sound
source but more than that I hate being
in a group when a photo is being taken
because I always end up in one of the
following dilemmas firstly the multicam
situation okay guys look at the camera
one which camera we're looking at - wait
no one's answering me but everyone's
posing three because it always seems
like everybody else understands which
camera to look at like they have their
own silent secret pact but me yeah I
just look like I've been touched by an
angel which leads me on to the second
dilemma the funny face pact where
somebody decides you know I'd be
hilarious if we all did like a funny
face so yes okay everything a cross-eyed
I start to get excited I start planning
my funny face but then everyone else
without consultation decides to chicken
out so it always goes down like this
three you know it's like that little
hint of rejection I feel whenever people
can't find my Bluetooth device I can't
see your device on the list
why don't I exist why don't I ever exist
although to be fair perhaps I'm just
inherently poor at taking photos because
no matter how many photos I participate
in I always fall for situation three the
double flash deception where I one flash
goes off and I think awesome time to
move and then BAM sexy flash and I look
like The Walking Dead Oh double flash
come on I think I just suck one at
photos into a group situation it's like
I'm always the person who says cheese
all right everybody say cheese cheese
oh come on anyway let me know how do you
guys deal with the group photo situation
are you like me and you stumble through
which dilemma do you usually get caught
in otherwise are you one of those people
who are all now I look awful in photos
don't worry about it you look awesome
Dornan one two three
whoa let me know also I had the pleasure
of sitting down last week with Michael
Buckley for an interview on skype I'm on
my webcam it was very 2007 so if you
I've got the link below so if you feel
like make sure you check it out and
otherwise I will see you guys next week
which is Wednesday if you're in the
asia-pacific region or Tuesday
everywhere else and I hope you guys are
well until then bye okay it's fun a
music slash comment time and Paulo ie
the moment of friends as they're coming
over always haul ass into cleaning mode
and I love how many we use your mother's
as motivation to do any work
poor mums all they do is give life to
you and we're all so scared of them and
no unfortunately I was not you were just
being racist but if I hadn't been in
Disney World you would certainly have
found me at Epcot because there are
robots there
