hi so I'm sorry that this isn't a normal
community channel video but it's about 5
a.m. and I haven't had time to make one
I've been working all night and it's
also my father's birthday today so I
thought I would share the experience of
making my father I am sorry dad kind of
a lame cake it's meant to be an artist
themed cake because my dad likes to
paint but I thought this reminds me of
another time I made my dad a really lame
birthday present I thought I would share
this with you because it's on my
favorite stories about dad on his
birthday um my dad loves coffee he
always drinks coffee always had a coffee
in his hand you know so draw him holding
coffee all the time so when I was about
5 I said to my dad yo I'm gonna make you
a coffee for your birthday so I went
into the kitchen I was like cool cool
I've got this under control I got some
coke because God was to me it looked
like coffee so I poured coke into the
coffee cup and then I looked around I
was like this isn't good enough
you know what I'll do is I'll add froth
like they do in TV because that looks
fancy so I I rented this container that
had all this both in it I scooped it off
the top and I put it on his cup and I
brought it out to him and I said happy
birthday dad and he's like oh great he
picks it up he drinks it little sip and
he goes to me this is a really special
special coffee I think this is the most
special coffee I've ever had so I'm
gonna leave it here and I'm like okay
that makes sense I like to save things
too and then his friends came over for
his birthday so I said dad I'm gonna
make all your friends coffee's as well
so I went back into the kitchen and
poured the coke into all these cups
scooped all the time but this Robin also
think of this and brought it out and
then they all picked it up and then my
dad said wait
now I don't know if they're ready for
your coffees yet because it's early
morning it's pretty strong and I was
like uh Takeda that dad really liked it
you got you guys should drink it now
so all these polite old Asian men like
okay they treat a woman so bad and then
one of them spat it back out I was like
word rude anyway it turns out as my
father very quickly explained to me that
the froth was actually dishwashing
liquid that I had just scraped off the
top and fed to him so I apologize for
that dad that was a very lame birthday
but thank you for as always being very
cool about it as I'm sure you're going
to be very cool about this lame birthday
cake I apologize I was going to pipe you
a mr. Tran should I do that I might do
that I always call my dad mr. Tran
because he was a teacher in fact this is
pretty cool I found out from a few
subscribers that he was actually some
subscribers teachers which is really
nice but um yeah my dad's really awesome
and I don't know he's always let me do
really lame things and always prays
before I guess that's what father's do
yes
I hope he has a wonderful day if you
guys have any fun stories about
presents you've given your parents think
kids always give their parents
presents today it's so mean if I ever
have a kid I wanted to like him
I want her him to get me awesome
presents I'll rank them up like a plus
present you can you can be my friend
today there we go
mr. Tran and you know what probably has
dishwashing liquid in that as well but
yes happy birthday dad
I hope you're well and I'm sorry guys
this is a very last minute video but
hopefully everything clears up and I'll
have a normal community channel video up
next week bye
