love cannot JA conundrums of love
hi so I thought I'd start this series
because I get a lot of emails asking me
about love conundrums and as somebody
who has had two and a half boyfriend's I
obviously feel equipped to answer them
so let's start with back who sent me a
message asking if I could make a video
about how hard it is for a nerd girl to
get a boyfriend I'm 14 and my guy
friends only care about the good-looking
girls that they have nothing in common
with how did you get a boyfriend well
back I'm going to ignore the fact it
sounds like you're saying how did you
get a boyfriend but firstly let's talk
about the fact that you're 14 now
firstly when I was 14 my mum used to say
to me net boy equals sick so firstly
make sure your parents are cool with
your dating because it's important that
they know who you're spending your time
with and if they're cool with it then
honestly I wouldn't waste my time liking
boys who you know you don't show any
interest in you I spent so much of my
teenage years wasting my time liking
boys who are never ever going to like me
back I pretended I liked surfing like
skating I even pretended I liked
motorbikes I can't believe you like
motorbikes I love Buddha bikes too
what's your favourite motorbike I've
known all these years since I've never
once regretted the fact or thought about
the fact that I never dated one of them
it's never bothered me in fact my first
real boyfriend I guess and I bonded over
the fact that we both played musical
instruments which is so nerdy but it was
great because it meant we actually
shared something in common and I didn't
need to pretend you play it instrument
oh you said you were going to go fix
your motorbike I'm 40 bad I can't drive
and now I'm 27 and I'm still on my
provisional license but yeah back if I
were you I would just stay positive or
know that somebody will eventually come
along here you share the same interests
with and more importantly someone who
shares interest in you I didn't really
start dating till I was 17 and I know
that seems like a while away right now
but looking back that was still pretty
young so don't worry it'll all work out
and now we have a Winnie who has both a
love conundrum
and a life conundrum because my husband
won't watch Game of Thrones with me and
we fight about it all the time
well back that's probably because Game
of Thrones sucks and if I were your
husband I would fight with you all the
time as well I'm joking
I would just make out with you but the
way I would deal with this dilemma is I
would make a man pillow and hug that
while I watched my TV show this week on
The Bachelor
or you could do the sensible couple
thing and compromise and find a better
show to watch now I'm just kidding not
really Game of Thrones sucked and that
whole don't spoil what happens in the
red wedding thing that was all over
Facebook and Twitter it's pretty obvious
what happens in the red wedding from the
title right she wears a red wedding
dress outraged as much no I don't know
anyway if you have a love conundrum or a
life conundrum and leave it in the
comments below or send in a video
response and Chinon on Wednesday if
you're in the asia-pacific region or
Tuesday everywhere else and maybe we can
solve it together because if you solve a
love conundrum it just becomes a love
see you then
