hi so you know what I don't get why
people skip opening titles don't skip
the tiles it's a waste of time gonna
sing it anyway the love bow but more
than that when a friend screams
something like oh my god spider oh um
wait wait wait
don't hurt it awesome you're one of
those people what do you want me to do
what well I don't want you to hurt it
well I don't think it's gonna let me hug
it outside you know what I mean just
take it out take it outside it's looking
at me
because honestly could you imagine if I
pull this kind of crap with something I
was scared of dude I'm pretty sure
there's somebody in the house I've got
my baseball bat in the other room whoa
whoa don't hurt them okay what I just
take them outside don't hurt them it's
not the same isn't it no it's not the
same
how convenient and then you could do
that thing that I have to do where I
have to ask a bug essentially to step on
a piece of paper so I can carry it
outside like a prince yeah you could do
that with the burglar please just step
on the paper I'll take you outside I'll
take you outside and you know it's these
people that don't hurt at people who
scream bloody murder if it comes close
to them
look who's gotta know oh my god till
they kill it jump it stony little bit
off hmm
I'll chop your tiny head off your
hypocrite and the worst thing is when
they ask questions like what's the
spider ever done to you it borrowed a
DVD of mine and it never gave it back no
I don't know I don't kill bugs because I
have some kind of personal history with
them I kill them because they look at me
the wrong way no I don't know I actually
sort of get a bit scared that if I leave
it in the house it's gonna crawl into my
ear when I'm asleep getting to my brain
and give birth because I saw that on TV
once and it really scared me because she
heard all this tapping in her head
anyway yeah let me know how do you deal
with this situation are you usually the
protector or are you the killer let me
know also a big happy birthday to my mum
happy birthday mum I love you very much
and I hope you had a great day and also
thank you so much for always watching my
videos I'm really worried that I don't
actually have that many subscribers it's
just my mum making up accounts and
refreshing my videos I have I have that
fear
little bit but yes happy birthday mom I
hope you guys also well and I will see
you this time next week bye okay it's
bono music / comment time I loved
reading the comments from the last video
about what your hero moments were
because I related to pretty much most of
them Katie Lee is a teen when I flip a
book open to the right place
I am pretty sure I must be a secret
wizard and ninja hoon whenever I wake up
early I always feel like an exerciser
except you know I don't exercise and yes
I suppose I do have some stuff similar
to her
we both have hair but who knows maybe my
hair is a week sorry I don't know what I
meant by that
