hi do you need any help I'm right down
here if you need some oh no thanks I'm
just buying some clothes for my cat yeah
I can see that so you sure you don't
need any help
hi so the other day I was ordering stuff
online and the whole autofill function
kicked in no thank you
and it got me thinking how great would
it be if autofill existed in real life
hi hat how are you I'm well thanks how
are you cuz seriously how great would
that be you would never have to repeat
yourself but then on the downside it
might do the thing where it auto fills
everything oh you haven't met my friend
Kate hi I'm Kate hi I'm Natalie surname
Tran email I love them JLo at gmail.com
mail wow that's too much information
I am so sexy well yeah and considering
my internet activity perhaps aurifil
wouldn't be the best I'm gonna Google
that I have no idea why we have that
well so let me know if you could have
the option of autofill in real life
would you take it and if you would what
would be the most embarrassing thing to
come up in your form because you might
have thought I was joking about the cat
clothes but a totally with a nut look
you look like a rich cat cuz you're
wearing a sweater it's couture you get
it like a cat yeah anyway I hope you
guys are well and I will see you no wait
I meant to click oh you're gonna look so
cute in this okay it's funny music flash
comment time and I loved reading through
the advice you guys hate hearing after
the fact especially because dynamite
Katie I am guilty of saying this to my
parents and their friends all the time
but it's like old people are dying to
give their credit card numbers to people
on the Internet like is that a scam I'll
have some of that and James I used to
always get people saying you know you
could have saved a lot of money and I'm
like thanks man
you could have saved my feelings and yes
I apologize rain is not that boring it's
exciting it's the foreplay of a storm
and we'll the name of one of my
subscribers I have just discovered so
that's quite inappropriate
