hi so I'm pretty irresponsible hey hey
careful you shouldn't sit so close to
the TV
you'll block my view with your stupid
fat head your big head loser and as such
one of the things I'm always dealing
with is broken hard drives although to
be fair it usually happens like this and
it's awful because then everyone asks
questions like did you make a second
copy did you save it did you make
another is that an Oprah shirt and you
know when you've been an idiot you don't
want to hear you should always make a
second copy you want to hear what a
stupid hard drive what a son-of-a-bitch
hard drive more like hard douche I'm
alright
like did you have that custom made do
you guys know what I mean like whenever
I've done something stupid I kind of
feel like people make it worse by asking
more questions but your hard drive is
crap yeah and they couldn't say no and
everything is gone but what about please
stop asking questions my health bar is
getting very low then again a lot of
things make my health bar drop I just
want to scare ya I've gone too far you
should go back you just press
fast-forward oops is this hot Oh my
health bar is getting very good so again
it's probably partly because I know that
I'm at fault but I always feel worse
when people tell you something helpful
after the fact it's like when you trip
over and people say off people are
always tripping over that you should be
careful see a part of me wishes that I
could trade helpful hurtful advice for
just somebody to stand behind me when I
work at a computer and scream save your
work and then every 10 minutes add now
back it up again but because I'm an
idiot I have to call the harddrive
repair center and then it's all and did
something wrong with your hard drive nah
I'm just bored and lonely and I wanted
to give you a call ya know my hard
drives broken cuz I'm an idiot but yeah
let me know what are the words of wisdom
that you hate hearing the most you know
for me probably something like you
should wear sunscreen because bitch I
don't go outside no but you know I mean
like helpful hurtful words was it kind
of you wish you had only heard before
the fact cuz afterwards it just feels
like salt in the wound let me know I
hope you guys are well and I will see
you in five days bye okay it's what I'm
using slash comment time and I'm glad my
freaky eye effect got so many of you
turned on it says a lot about the normal
state of my face but yeah I also find
interesting that some of you play this
game when you put your phones in the
center and then the first one to touch
it has to pay for dessert or something I
would love that except I'm the only
person
ever wants to order dessert so they have
to get it drive-through on the way home
and then I pull up the lights they see
me eating an ice cream by myself it's
really awkward and I love this because I
used to think the song don't go out in
the pouring rain was don't go out in the
boring rain I was like yes rain is
boring
