hi so you know what I love when you're
at the cinema with a friend and they
pull out their phone and it's like the
Sun is in their hands and it gets me
thinking about how obsessed everyone is
with checking their phones these days
evening conversation looking forward to
it for so long now and I just can't wait
and you're not listening anymore are you
and sometimes I dress up as a boy and I
kiss myself in the mirror that sounds
great yeah it's not that great I'm a
pretty mean boy yuck you kiss like a
loser no but I just haven't had enough
practice kiss me again whatever not
kissing you again and I'm your
reflection you know what I mean about
the phones right I mean it's pretty
obvious you're not paying attention like
it's pretty obvious when I don't pay
attention these M&Ms taste weird
that wasn't an M&M that was a button and
what I love is how desperate people are
to keep reading their texts while
pretending to focus on you and I think
it's because phones are so large these
days I mean when my phone rings
it's pretty distracting sorry my phone's
ringing hello
yeah I did make that phone just so I
could do that scene but I honestly
believed I could get away with this
then again people are always getting us
mixed I'll Natalie
you always hilarious what are you doing
oh my god
I thought you were like sick or
something yeah that's probably more a
reflection of how poor my company is but
you know when you're around these people
with all the technology and everything
and they're ignoring you I can't help
but think that they're all just a bit
talking to real people
that's so 2010 but yeah let me know how
do you deal with the phone during the
conversation scenario are you a texted
during talk or do you have a problem
with it or not really let me know I'm
bagging out phones right now but I'm
pretty sure everyone who took a photo
with me right here took one with a phone
thank you so much for sending these in
and thank you so much for saying hi and
I hope you guys are all well and
enjoying your weekend and I'll see you
soon bye okay did you bring your hat
order to bring your hat okay it's porno
music / comment i'm i've mixed commented
from the last two videos but yes thank
you to all of you who requested i get
punched more often in videos engineering
first name I love being
passive-aggressive as well I say and
you're welcome like a lunatic when
people don't say thank you and from my
stealing a heart video being kicked in
the vagina was also done by really young
boy so I prefer it to not be considered
a sexual encounter and you know I can't
tell you the amount of times I've been
called this in my life I tried to make
it Nataly transformer robot in disguise
but yeah that one didn't stick
