hi so today I'm at Bondi Beach which is
one of Sydney's gorgeous beaches if you
ever come down you'll see people
sunbathing and surfing and all good
times but the reason I brought you here
today is because of a bad time this is
one of the places in Sydney where I feel
the most guilt that's because I used to
work in body Junction yeah it's not
actually there we're kind of far from it
but we're not allowed to film in a
shopping centre so I thought I'd take
you to the beach because it's much
prettier but basically I used to work in
a toy shop inside of this shopping
centre this is me dressed up as the toy
shops mascot and I used to dress up as a
mascot a lot and two things happen when
you dress up as a mascot one people yell
abuse at you all the time and two
everyone assumes you're a guy so one day
I mount the shopping center dressed up
and this boy comes up to me he grabs me
and he says I'm gonna kick you in the
nuts sack so I'm in my bare head and I'm
freaking out and I'm I don't have a nut
sack and he kicks me and he comes into
my shop later and he wants to buy a bear
and we did this thing where we used to
put a heart inside of our bears because
we made the Bears at the shop and used
to zip it up you like now your bear has
a heart so he gave me his Bears heart
and then I put it in my pocket
and I kept it and I didn't put it inside
his bear because I was like I don't
think this kid has a heart and so his
bear doesn't deserve to have a heart I
feel so bad and I felt so guilty but by
the time I wanted to put a bar I had
already zipped it up and his mum had
already paid for and I couldn't be like
oh wait a minute
I took the heart out of your bag because
I think your child has sold us in the
devil so I'm really sorry and I every
time I Drive past Bondi I think about
this now and the guilt is up to here and
unless the kid is watching and I hope
you are I'm really sorry you have a
heart and I think your bear deserves a
heart you shouldn't keep people in the
vagina
you
