hi so you know what I hate when you're
filling out forms and you run out of
boxes oh no no I just needed one more
but more than that
I hate being in the spoiler sitch oh my
gosh yeah we saw it last night it was
such an amazing film we didn't expect
that twist wait wait I haven't seen it
because then BOOM you become the
unwanted guest I wish now he wasn't here
so we could talk about this film
I just wish never wasn't here they're
probably thinking about how good-looking
I am
they probably are but more than that
they're probably trying to figure out
how to talk about it without you knowing
kind of like your parents do when you're
a kid you so much for babysitting she
should be fine but just just so you know
there's I see II see our II am probably
talking about sex good but when you're
an adult and you're in the spoiler
situation you just get asked could you
book your ears now firstly not only am i
terrified at putting things inside of my
ear go do it you gonna burst eardrum I
saw dr. oz and not only do I firmly
believe you can still hear everything
when you block your ears how amazing is
it when it's the neighbor all along I
know right why is that here
you told me that you invited her but the
main reason I hate the spoiler situation
is because everything and I mean
everything starts to sound like a
spoiler well not when you see it Brad
Pitt's really good in it hey hey hey hey
no spoilers just at Brad Pitt's hey you
know the cinema now does choke me an ice
cream yeah no spoilers
haven't seen it yet no I will not if you
really want to see it it's showing in
the city it's react well no point seeing
it now thanks for ruining it now I know
all about the film but I'm on believable
it's like my whole world will crumble if
I find out the ending which is kind of
strange because I'm not like that with
anything else in my life and in today's
weather it'll be clear until the
afternoon but then there will be showers
and there will be a storm
well the spoiler alert much thanks now I
know exactly what to expect you know I
mean right like I really hate it unless
of course it's reversed and I've seen
the film I haven't actually seen that
film yet oh really that's interesting
I'll have to watch what I say because I
don't want to spoil it for you
hahaha it doesn't matter I'm not gonna
see it anyway look like a kids movie oh
well it is a kids movie but I mean like
it's on multiple levels like you can
understand it here or you can understand
it here you know yeah let me know what
is the worst spoiler you guys have ever
had because for me I had named two of my
fish after Sopranos characters which
you'd know if you've been unfortunate
enough to watch my videos for that long
but I had a friend come over and I
showed them my fish and she said shame
both these characters die at the end
shame you're gonna die in the end then
she swam with the fishes no not really
she just we had lunch I was just super
quiet because I was so sad I was like oh
there's anything wrong no feel good why
don't why do I do that I just keep all
my feelings inside of me and then I talk
about them in an online video I film at
night that's healthy anyway let me know
what is your worst spoilers situation
I'd love to know I'd also like to thank
these people for sending in their photo
after we met I'd like to thank all the
people who take photos with me and then
don't send them in thanks for that I'm
just going to assume you use them in you
spank bank because that's all I've got
to go off and I'd also like to apologize
for this video being late I am sorry
about that got really busy but here is a
spoiler for the next video yeah I'm
working on it so it'll be up soon and I
will see you guys then bye okay it's
funny music / comment time and Tessa
Anna when I whisper words it means I'm
confused about whether or not it's a
real word so I'll be like well that's
just capable describable I'm here and
yeah so you will mock me for getting
your text message today in my last video
and here's the ironic thing it was my
phone company they texted me and then
they texted me again afterwards saying
sorry about that that was an error yeah
great stuff and thanks dude this means a
lot cuz when I blew out the candles on
my cake I was worried I was like who's
gonna want to do me now who's gonna want
to do me now
