I've been living like a bit of a gremlin
for the past few days trying to catch up
and sleep trying to get over a bad cold
which I'm now mostly over thankfully and
under an imposed house arrest with this
minus 16 to 20 degrees Celsius weather
that I find so hard to deal with because
it just restricts my movement so much I
can still take lifts everywhere and get
around but I miss being able to walk and
even if I bundle myself up I just it's
so cold it's so cold
headed Syrian experience this morning
boo and I woke up at 4 a.m. and I felt
like I was being woken up by this knot
in my tummy first oh like the first
moment it happened I fell like oh that's
the depression feeling but then it felt
so bizarre to have been woken up by
depression that I immediately started
asking myself will I get it indigestion
is it something else is it am i short of
grass what's going on here like trying
to give myself all these different
diagnoses of what could be going on and
may not have been depression who knows
but it was an odd feeling that something
could have so much control over you and
fill you so absolutely to that point
where you feel like you're drowning that
it wakes you up and for me that's been
a bit of the back-and-forth of my year I
have had 12 amazing months and I have
had 12 very hard months I have had 12
happy months and 12 depressed months and
it's tricky to say because they've all
been so rolled into wine and they
definitely have been some weeks that
have been better than others and some
months there have been better than
others
but overall looking back at the year it
was a successful year but it was also a
very hard one
partly because I tried to do too much
and was too hard on myself because
sometimes medicine lapsed or therapy
lapsed but also just because that's the
nature of what it is that it's this
up-and-down thing this chemical thing
and that's part of what makes it so
frustrating that I've expressed many
times before is that feeling that it's
going to keep happening like this and
that there's no point for revelation or
anything at least not so far and not to
my knowledge of what's happening but I
don't know I didn't know what was so
startling about that feeling in
particular this morning I've had several
days of reading so much more than I've
read in a while which has been lovely
and feeling like I'm always
recalibrating my brain a little bit and
making my space but I want it to be and
also preparing for my life in London
which is coming up very quickly but
there's also this feeling that sitting
with me of
self just like or stronger than that as
I go back over the year and look at the
things that I didn't do and I wonder
whether that kind of seeps in overnight
and that's what you sit with and malware
is that's what you think of when all the
lights go out so I don't make this video
as a cry for help or in place of the
many ways in which I need to be
accountable for my mental health in my
own life or as some failed communication
to people in my life about what happened
this morning or anything else I just
made this video to share that it
happened and that continued sense at
this time of year while yes it's a time
for new beginnings is also a time in
which we look back at the past year
sometimes whether or not we choose to
and sometimes were the lens that feels a
bit like it's forced upon us and a lens
that feels like it could be kind of I
don't know how to take this feeling away
not that I'm experiencing it right now
but just this feeling of of going to
that place I don't know how to take that
place away from my life but I do know
that 4 a.m. this morning I felt like the
world was ending and at 11 a.m. I'm here
sitting in the Sun looking at my
Christmas tree which I'm remembering I
should turn on and get excited to read
more books
I can't say anything busier than that
just that I'm here and
yeah
