hi everyone so I went to Jordan last
week with John and with UNHCR the UN
refugee agency and I spent most my time
in Zachary and azurite camps and also in
the homes of Syrian refugees who have
settled in a man in the city itself I
spent my time filming walking around
listening to the stories of the Syrians
who welcomed us into their homes and
told us about their deepest losses and
deepest ambitions I met a lot of Syrian
girls in these conversations but also as
we wandered around the camp and spoke to
people and every single girl I met
wanted to go to school wanted to be in
school wanted to be educated there were
several reasons why they were out of
school might be pulled up school had
been out of school and in this the first
of several videos about stories from
Syrians I want to give you an overview
of some of the girls we met their
education status and why it matters so
in a zurich camp we met either and
majeeda who just arrived at the camp the
previous night they've been there for
maybe 12 hours when we met them
immediately prior to that they've been
waiting at the border in Syria for four
months and ten days in extreme weather
in weather that went at like 10 minus 10
degrees C freezing cold weather they had
a tent they would walk 10 kilometers a
day for wood and for water and would
often get there and there wouldn't be
any and by the way there are tens of
thousands of Syrians waiting at the
border and the conditions are desperate
Ida I believe had never been to school
majeeda had been out of school for five
years because it was just too dangerous
to go in Syria they'd actually been in
Jordan before they came as refugees and
like so many of the people we met they
just wanted to go home to Syria so they
did and their sister was killed they
were so excited to go to school and to
have a safe warm night in the camp there
was this type of group of women
mentoring girls the girls are all 12
years-old their names and I apologize my
pronunciation is terrible were REM Farah
and Doha they all loved going to school
they thought it was very important much
of the delight of her mentors from anar
and Noah but they're only able to go
half days as funding for refugees is so
low that they do not have the resources
that they need to provide full-day
education at scale every single staff
member I met from the UNHCR and its
partners that it works with wanted to
give everyone a better
education but frankly they need the
money and they don't have the money
having done some reading about child
marriage before we came we asked the
girls whether they felt pressured into
marrying young and this is something
that can happen might be hard to
understand but it's it's seen as a
protective moon from the family there is
a sense of once you marry a girl off
you're protecting her by putting her in
the care of her husband and that is also
one fewer mouths to feed this could come
the whole ream of problems especially if
it's a big age difference if the girl is
pulled out of school and many other
situations in a moment that genuinely
made me smile from ear to ear the
council said we worry that our parents
will ask us to marry early but we are
ready to tell them no these girls have
lioness ambition they want to become
doctors engineers their favorite
subjects are maths English and Arabic
and like so many of the people we met in
the camp they love to play football or
we ask their mentors about their worries
there they said that looking at their
dreams and ambitions they just don't
think that they're possible unless a
miracle takes place and that's a lot to
do with the standard of education a
family we met in Zaatari camp and
commuted the daughters hacia and Flatman
I see I was 18 she's the first and her
entire family to go to university and we
actually spoke to her at the day before
her first day of university she said I'm
not nervous
I think I'm right to say that she was
one of the first 13 refugees from the
camps you'd be accepted to a Jordanian
university and preparing for university
guessing the grades all of that is hard
enough outside of a refugee camp that's
alone when your classes have 75 students
30 minutes per subject your whole school
day is half a day you sometimes don't
have electricity so you can study at
night account currently has enough
resources but only 11 hours of
electricity so you see if the
electricity come on and off and this
might seem trivial in comparison to some
of the other things I mentioned but I
think it is really important
the Jordanian education system is
different from the Syrian education
system so it's something that takes
getting used to and in some cases some
people choose to teach classes to
themselves following the Syrian
education system but again there's just
not the resources across the board there
for education we ask the girls what
they've taught there any challenges
particular to being a girl in a refugee
camp and they said that one of them were
parents worries you can't just leave
home whenever you want you can't wander
around the camp it's a Campbell 80,000
people and our CEO said that there are
many families that stop their children
from going to school just because they
don't like them walking around the
refugee camp as your sister Mayer
was 16 years old and she wants to go to
university to become an English teacher
whenever we met with Syrians we asked
them if they had any memories from Syria
what their memories were from Syria and
she talked about her best friend who was
still there and she doesn't know if
she's okay and she's let me spoken to
her on the phone once we spoke to a
family in the woman Med household and
when we asked the mother why she left
Syria she said there was a trend going
around and a village that they
slaughtered the children and reached the
girls I reached a point that I had to
seek safety somewhere else there were
military checkpoints everywhere and for
my daughter to go to school she had to
cross 14 checkpoints and who knows what
would have happened during those checks
she said I couldn't risk it and I fear
for my children's lives because her
oldest son is a military recruitment age
he can't actually cross the border so he
and his father her husband have decided
to stay in Syria and she went ahead with
the children her daughter samaya who is
17 told us about her education she said
she came to Jordan and where she
enrolled she was told that she would
have to enroll in a much younger class
this is partly because of the checkpoint
situation she had to drop out of school
in Syria and so now she's very behind
she added that she knows that being a
single female head of household is very
difficult so she wanted to support her
mother especially is now that her
brother is in Syria she's the oldest
child of a family samaya is looking at
education courses that allow her to
follow the syrian education system we
are samaya who didn't want her face to
be filmed whether she worried about
early marriage and she said no because
we've actually never talked about it to
that her mother said we have been
fighting for freedom of expression and
freedom of opinion in Syria for five
years and I cannot impose early marriage
on her while we are away her brother he
was 13 years old as not in school he's
joining an educational enhancement
program with the Norwegian Refugee
Council but it's not like a full school
program he helps her sister around the
house and somebody convert that she said
he drives me nuts but he out in a Zurich
camp there was a teacher called Naheed
who was just 25 years old so one year
older than me and she spoke passionately
about education she volunteers in the
campus
teacher leading classes of sometimes 50
students and she talked about child
marriage about how sometimes in her job
she sees fourteen-year-old girls with
children her day-to-day life involves a
great deal more manual labor than it did
in Syria and even though there is a lot
of parity in her relationship her
husband helps her a lot she still
doesn't have time to help the children
with things like their homework and you
can tell that she just can't stand it
while she was talking about this her
seven-year-old daughter I am rushed over
to me with her work but she was so proud
of the work she'd done she was so
excited to learn she was desperate to
learn oh she was in a family like so
many of the others that we met who would
support her education to the ends of the
earth but they just don't have the
resources basic essential resources
aren't there you might think that we
only spoke to success stories the
perfectly framed examples of the ideal
refugee I don't personally think that's
the case even in the conversations that
were pre organized but I will also add
that as we walked around a camp so many
girls rushed up to us how many people
wanted to tell us what their lives were
like and we spoke to many of them
typically when they first came up to me
they said their name they asked how I
was and they said thank you and these
were the phrases that they knew my
Arabic terrible comprises only of
shukran which means thank you it's a
tired clich√© of Westerners visiting
people in much much more dire situations
than they will ever know kids in
pictures kids getting excited about
technology but I want to say this when
we were walking around the high point of
archery camp at sunset some kids asked
my camera so I gave them this camera in
fact and we're taking pictures of each
other with it seeing them do that I
couldn't help think of them as directors
as somehow in control of their story as
people in control of their lives and
their futures the truth is that there is
an element of control rested away from
these girls and all girls when they do
not have access to education they need
education and we all need them to have
education in order for all of us to
advance a lot of the time when I see
comments about refugees online I get
angry but I read a comment today that
actually just broke my heart
it said so what if girls didn't get to
go to school aside from the fact that in
my mind this displays a
failure to see these girls as real as
students in the UK US Australia Germany
Sweden France Norway Canada etc it also
points to our failure to see this as a
moment of great opportunity for the
prosperity of everyone
there are countless reports on the
connection between educating women and
advancing country from everything to
economics to child mortality 2.8 million
children's lives could be saved if all
women had access to secondary education
2.8 million all of them as real as the
women and girls I mentioned today join
me in signing the International Women's
Day letter note below in supporting the
UN refugee agency and its partners and
in pushing the greatest standards and
access to education for everyone
everywhere I'll see you very soon bye
you
