so today's video was not going to be
about this but some things happen today
I if you follow my twitter you might
have seen and i am no talking this video
about sexual assault and probably rape
and abuse so if any of these are
triggering to you then please you know
choose to do something else which they
observed the West Wing you something
I'll make you feel happy i'm also going
to talk about uber and lyft and when i
raise these issues with them they were
very responsive the support team was
great lifted particular gave me a phone
number I can call and that was really
helpful and mean we feel like I was
being taken seriously which was very
valuable to me and also i will say that
i am coming this from position of great
privilege i have a massive platform i
have people like you who send me
wonderful messages of support and also
tweet companies and that will mean that
companies pay more attention to me when
I raised up issues and so I'm coming
from that perspective but because i have
that platform I feel like I need to talk
about these things and I need to talk
about the way that they like hit me hit
me at a level of it like I don't think I
started to comprehend until I started
seeing them for what they are and
looking at them in the eye I use apps
like uber and lyft a lot and I've kept
in I am on Twitter and elsewhere and
just like in the news and about
situations of sexual assault and that
kind other kinds of violence and
harassment and anubis because I go for
London I'm I constantly showing Mike
wasn't Lee heard the stories of sexual
assault and harassment that happened in
like unlicensed minicabs but also in
some black cabs and just other really
horrible experiences that my friend
shared and that I'd heard of in the news
and things like that so I knew that it
was probably happening in uber and in
lift but I wasn't seeing it as much so I
has like this long run of generally good
experiences like the odd experience that
was like slightly off but I felt fine
and my trips here are very short most of
the time and I some good the airport
there like eight minutes six minute trip
so like no big no big deal I took over
like every other
day at the very least I take you but a
lot so I just had this run of really bad
experiences I had drivers asking for my
number bizarre things that made me feel
really uncomfortable and like bring
politics into it but in a really
threatening way but it was also tied
into this weird like give me your number
you're also in a locked car I can't do
anything since then people told me about
apps like burner where you can give a
phone number and if they call it which
they always do after you give them a
number which is infuriating then it will
ring all these things happened and even
though I got refunded from those trips I
was feeling really like I didn't feel
that safe there's no didn't feel that
safe and uber and all of a sudden I was
getting really frustrated so I Jews lift
once or twice before mainly in LA I
hadn't used it as much here because
every time I requested it at least
initially there was a long wait for cars
but when I tried it today there were a
bunch of cars around and the first
driver I got was lovely he was a great
dry for a great car it was fine second
driver I got was like my worst nightmare
rolled into an experience it was
actually like I'm not gonna go to see
what she thought about it because it was
there was no physical harassment but it
was sexual harassment I called up the
crisis line and I explained what had
happened to the person the phone from
lift and she was like oh no that sexual
harassment were what frustrates me is
that when I called her on the phone I
said yeah I mean I don't know if this
would qualify a sexual harassment but
like why do we do that why do me oh it's
the the frustration of internalized
misogyny is that we tear down our own
voices and we tear down our own stories
and I see that happening time and time
again and we do that to other women
sharing their experiences and it's I
think that for me it's the most painful
thing even more than guys doing it
because when girls do it to each other
or to themselves it just shows how
deeply ingrained it is so if we had this
and that was like this ten-minute lived
right at most in which the driver talked
a lot about sex and particularly sex
with me and talked about how he had a
gun and all this stuff it was like
batshit crazy but of course thing is
smiled and laughed and went on my merry
way and back in my head was Kalamazoo I
had Cashin story actually in my head I
had the fact that she she is using her
voice she is telling people what
happened she is trying to put herself in
a situation where she can produce things
and the law and the company she has
contract with and this one individual
they have decided that her like that her
harm isn't real you know like that what
she's saying is in real I think about
that and that like is that's really
upsetting to me I see people who I know
to be abuses saying like cashiers only
one side of the story people ask why we
have these discussions and why sometimes
we might go too far unlike trial by
Twitter stuff and I sometimes foolish
that camper might need judge too harshly
and too quickly and without any nuance
but you see these stories and you
experience these things and you
experience them close hat and time and
time again and I'm like no fucking
wonder we have child by Twitter and try
out my tumblr and those conversations
because there is not that voice they're
having those conversations and we're not
protected by the things that are
supposed to protect us it's horrifying
it's horrifying the other story I had in
my head today was this woman Joyce canal
he was dragged out of hospital and taken
to jail over some unpaid fines and she
wasn't given the intravenous fluids that
she was basically given and I don't
think she was given water in the jail
can't remember exactly the story i'll
try and find it any giveaway where she
died of thirst because of that when that
of course is at an intersection of so
many different in justices at once that
it is and talk about people protecting
always wears protective
you and look at places like flint or the
towns in New Orleans that still haven't
been given a protection they're supposed
to be giving and talk about that in
London people who are supposed to
protect you instead of spending money
and investing it in communities and
investing it in housing are investing in
garden bridges for a long time I
wouldn't report when an uber driver said
something that made me feel really
uncomfortable well partly because I
didn't want them to punish me for it if
that makes sense like I have this like
deep fear of retributive violence that
you'll put into a position where they
for whatever reason know that you were
the person who complained and or or like
they sometimes like they pick you up
from the area by your house so they know
your address like it's not difficult for
my mind to go to that place because
there is such a violence inherent in
misogyny this guide today was like
talking about how this person he was
married to is like a bitch and how ugly
women are way better at sex and pretty
women a really stuck-up and this whole
sense of owing people something and
men's don't think owing men something
owing them sags and attention the whole
like friend zone bullshit man I knew
we've had this conversation time and
time again but it like it's so fucking
annoying and I hate that I even feel the
need to interject this but many of my
closest friends a man and they're
wonderful man they're wonderful friends
they're wonderful people whenever I'm in
these situations it's men having these
conversations and that's not to say I
think men should be exterminated or
anything like that but there the
conversation is this that upset me the
most are when women have internalized
misogyny the conversations that scare me
the most are the ones with men
displaying that misogyny because it is
violent it is inherently violent it is
that that woman he was killed by a man
after she turned him down a bar that for
me was a crystal clear explanation of
the problems that we're facing and
grappling with the whole
all concept of not believing a victim of
abuse assault rape I don't I don't get
it because you look at the statistics
and statistically you're not backed up
the thing is you'll claim me when you
say that they're probably lying isn't
backed up by statistics like what
cutting some great things for the moment
he tweets that Bill Cosby is innocent
I'm like fuck that fuck that like I'm
fucking done that's not a gay and you
see people doing these things and you
just like oh I don't know man i take i
don't know i hate the the sort of
vulture culture that sees people as one
thing that I hate that we're not
protecting people who need protection
and not prosecuting people who should be
prosecuted and not addressing the
systemic misogyny in the way that we
should be and not treating it as real
and making people's voices tiny making
women's voices tiny making the voices of
people from minority backgrounds tiny
just squashing people squashing them and
making them feel really small really
small but really visible and unable to
access this kind of invisibility that a
lot of people are able to access through
just looking the way their local
identifying the way they identify and I
don't know why people sometimes think
that when they say that I'm saying that
those people who are in those positions
a positive kind of invisibility where
they're not hyper visible where they're
not sexualized but they're not seen as
an intruder or a danger or a some
threatening thing when I say that I'm
not saying that those people don't
experience sadness or problems or
insecurity or danger or tragedy or
anything like that of course I'm not
saying that i'm also not saying that
they're always separated from these
things that i'm talking about by any
means but i don't understand why we
can't hold these ideas and i had
hi the red battery button is going so I
think that's my cue to like stop and
watch some were sweet and but mainly I
want to thank everyone who tweeted at me
and said kind words and stuff it was
very helpful I'm traveling to the next
couple of weeks so I don't know how much
we'll see each other but I hope we'll
see each other a fat bit and I'll speak
to you soon bye
Oh
