hi everyone say the other week I think
was last week I went to New York to hear
Malcolm Gladwell speak to the author of
a book i really loved called originals
you may have seen me mentioned it once
or twice or three times in the UK in the
book is published by wh allen in the US
it's still a penguin company but I'm not
exactly sure which one I'm sorry I
didn't do my research and in a bookshop
you'd probably find this in the business
section or the social sciences section
or general nonfiction but it was
absolutely fascinating to me outside of
that specific genre when it comes to
nonfiction I tend to just go for Brooks
it's written well and is interesting
even if it's completely outside my realm
of expertise I don't let know I'd love
to hit any recommendations for
nonfiction that you have I have found
myself drawing more and more two books
that I find more directly helpful with
my work I don't know why that is but
it's me because I'm loving like I'm
loving my job and I want to be able to
draw better so yeah more than on fiction
books i love tend to be in the business
section nowadays the tagline is hard on
conformance changed the world in the
u.s. it's how nonconformist move the
world because the US doesn't like change
it just likes movement tell us if it was
going to be like a study of individual
geniuses and my friend Forester gave it
to me she gave me this proof copy shall
full disclosure she worked that you
bring wh allen so she does give me a lot
of books from them but she knows me very
well said she tends to pick good books
me but i still was a bit like as much as
i was excited to read it and she pitched
it to me really well i was also a bit
like this is going to be a book about
individual geniuses and do we really
need another one of those generally
speaking i do you have a big problem
with the idea of individual genius
because i just don't think that's true i
think that that comes from collaboration
and in as much as you have those great
minds it always comes from something a
bit bigger than that so I'm thrilled to
report that it is not in fact about
individual genius to me at least
originals was about how we approach
creative production idea generation and
also how we like present and interact
with original ideas and creative ideas
and ideas in rural go back to the
individuals point there are a lot of
individuals mentioned there's Lucy Stone
as Martin Luther King Nurse Jackie
Robinson there's carmen medina there's
14 came and he came up with the idea of
the segway and that's kind of picked
apart why that doesn't work and why that
isn't the massive revolutionary success
that it was sort of a pitch to be but in
my opinion one of the most effective
case studies was actually one of the
earliest it was
the team behind the glasses brand Warby
Parker not least because for me it
really effectively unpicked the whole
myth of creative geniuses and pioneers
business pioneers of massive risk takers
in fact I said that there was a lot
about controlling risk planning and
preparing and that was just that
resonated so much more with me because I
just I hate risk takers in business you
just take risks that the idea the myth
of like taking risks on every single
front I think is really flawed and it
really affects the approach we have to
business and entrepreneurship especially
within like startup culture one thing
that I really liked about the writing is
that even though it was presenting all
these case studies of these successes
and sometimes not so much success in the
case of a segue is that there was no
distance presenters between the region
the case study it's not so much though
what these amazing people over here
we're doing in their distance from you
because of all these are in a
characteristics personality
characteristics genetic characteristics
and so on it's just showing you
different approaches to what Glee
approaches both mental and sort of
methodical felt very possible and
implementable to me without using any
money whatsoever without having an Ivy
League education without having
something built into me some kind of
genius gene or so on you know after
vlogmas I already knew that I wanted to
do some sort of video every day over to
your most is product again spritz care I
really bolstered the ideas me because
grant discusses the scale of idea
production and creative generation that
happens for these genius minds these
people that we put aside as special
cases because we talked about the many
great ideas these figures have we don't
talk about their much larger rate of
errors the many ideas that didn't work
the things that they you know
trademarked and so one that just
absolutely flopped another big takeaway
from me was the idea that the people in
the room people used to brand yourself
with and the way that they express their
opinions as well that is really really
really important like it's very tempting
when you create something when you have
an idea to mainly surround yourself with
people saying good things about it
because there's a feeling that
negativity can affect your ability to
create things because it just goes so
deep and you just become demoralized but
actually the freedom to share an opinion
a dissenting opinion is really important
even if that opinion isn't correct
because it just it can highlight certain
flaws in your idea but it can also
bolster the creation of your idea as
well like it can just it is such an
important part of the process to have
the opinions of people who disagree with
what you're doing another fascinating
case study in the book is about a firm
called Bridgewater I think i think is
good Bridgewater and it's about how in
that company you have to say the honest
truth to your colleagues face otherwise
you risk being fired and that starts
from the interview process are you going
to be into me and you have a really
tough time and you walk out and you say
to the receptionist or whoever like wow
I just kind of like completely beaten up
that was really difficult then they'll
bring you back into the interview room
and how do you say what you just said to
the people in front of you so you can
discuss it it's very like open culture
and while that method won't necessarily
work for everyone that has worked for
that particular company because if you
have an idea people will honestly tell
you what they think in the room rather
than waiting whispering to each other
behind the back about why they don't
agree with what you're doing in your
approach recently I've noticed that a
lot of my favorite creatures
particularly writers but just across the
board really will share a lot of their
process and rock what they're making
when it's not finished like they'll
share it along the way and get feedback
and get ideas and that's something that
I really hide from doing with a lot of
why make because I think comes sounds
like a fear of rejection or a fear that
I've just complete forward everything I
create is terrible and just panic the
internal panic that's so much of your
identity or and it's my identity is
linked to what I create and it's some
form of expression and that people will
reject it and therefore they will reject
me very deep stuff I'm learning to put
things out when they're not quite
finished so that I'm in better finish
them or so that I may better make
progress with them I get this in fiction
too but I particularly love nonfiction
for the way in which it helps me notice
my approaches to work and also make
social interactions it kind of suggests
placed as where I might try something
different it doesn't push anything on
you or at least you have to accept it if
it does push something on you it just
gives you
for an approach that you can try and
sort of almost test out like a social
studies experiment I was also really
really really really really really to
see that originals included some case
studies many case studies with women and
particularly women of color because
there's an extent to which speaking up
is completely different when you take in
all these other factors speaking up in a
boardroom or challenging an idea in a
conversation in your work environment
can cost you your status or even your
job or if you do go contrary and you're
bitchy you're bossy you're aggressive
and you were an angry black woman that
kind of language but it was poking about
very frankly and it was something that I
wish Malcolm Gladwell had brought up I'm
at the event but you know life is long
there are lots of conversations to be
heard about the event in New York
Malcolm Gladwell asked Adam grant a lot
of questions that I wouldn't have and
it's fascinating either you can tell a
lot about people from the questions they
ask Gladwell's questions started with
personal background and then went on to
a lot of kind of hypothetical case
studies at one point Gladwell gave grant
the task of coming up with some sort of
student recruitment form for the
University at which Adam grant works
what I did that I found really
fascinating was facades recruitment in
pairs like having one person and asking
them about their values and they're all
finding a way really to assess their
values and their priorities and so on
and then in addition to having that
recruiting that person they're
recruiting their complete alter ego
someone who has completely different
values and completely different
priorities so obviously when I was
listening to this that was thinking a
lot about the internet and the different
places that we all congregate and the
ways in which we sort of exclude sorts
of people certain thinking from those
spaces and hello kitten that how that
can sometimes be damaging but how that
can sometimes be protective in a way I
don't want also talked a lot about
criticism how in the class that he
teachers he asked people to submit
evaluations I think was via email and
then he held a class in which he read
out those evaluations openly with the
class and like they discussed them I
hadn't really open discussion about it
and in that discussion it wasn't just an
evaluation on you know how he was in the
class and how who was like on stage in
that conversation but also how he took
the feedback and how
took that direct feedback there's also
McLaren of 2a Malcolm Gladwell asked
Adam grant how he meditates a wedding he
meditates I don't work said we does it
when he responds to emails and Madame
handle it was quiet I think it taken
aback and I would almost say appalled by
that concept like the fact that there is
that moment of like online connection
and that probably isn't laying it true
reflection true meditation true quiet
time and as I'm grant expertly
connection between his thoughts and
other ideas in the world is where sparks
fly and that really maybe more than
anything he said that evening really
resonated with me because that's how I
feel when I'm reading your comments
that's how I feel when I'm watching
other people talk in YouTube videos
that's how I feel even sometimes when
I'm reading books and when I'm listening
to things on the radio it is in those
moments where ideas happen for me and
connections happen for me and that's the
most exciting time I fight I really
struggle with silence as I've said
before I struggle with creating anything
in silence or reflecting productively in
silence or even with guided meditations
in silence I don't personal you find
those moments of connection of sort of
connection within myself in silence and
you know maybe that's a flaw or
something but I think that the idea of
wanting to be in conversation with
people on wanting those sparks to fly
like a beautiful Taylor Swift song that
is a valid approach as well and I felt
very validated by that I have to say but
in the event that you don't get around
to reading it I just want to share on my
favorite parts of the book undoubtedly
the next generation of originals will
draw inspiration from the Harry Potter
series which is brimming with references
to original accomplishment Harry Potter
is the only wizard who can defeat
voldemort with his friend Tim Ryan II
and Ron he learns unique spells and
invents new ways of defending gates the
dark arts we see the children's spirits
rise and they succeed and their quest
world when they fail along with giving a
generation of children role models for
originality JK Rowling embedded a moral
message in her novels recent experiments
show that reading Harry Potter can
improve children's attitudes towards
marginalized groups as I see harry and
hermione face discrimination for not
having pure words of blood they
empathize and become less prejudiced
towards minority groups in their own
lives when children identify strongly
enough with heroes who exemplify
originality it might even change the way
that in each picking unfolds among
siblings later bones often become
original after their siblings fill
conventional meeches but wherever we
fall in the birth order when we have
compelling role models for regionality
they expand our awareness of niches that
we never considered instead of causing
us to rebel because traditional avenues
are closed the protagonist in our
favorite stories may inspire originality
by opening our minds to unconventional
parts designer and all the others of you
who like to keep your books in absolute
pristine conditions I apologize for
these frayed edges and the tear that I
already have in my lovely addition but
that's how I show you my love I will see
you tomorrow probably who knows but it's
been fun let me know your thoughts in
comments alright bye
Oh
