hi everyone so if you follow football
news as I do you've probably seen the
story about Liverpool's owners Fenway
Sports Group tried to raise the ticket
prices and then facing a lot of pushback
from Liverpool fans and having to
reverse the decision to raise their
prices the reason I bring this up is
that some people went to the Fenway
Sports Group website and in the sales
marketing section there was a line of
help turning fans into customers that's
a since been updated to turning
consumers into fans PR move one hundred
percent but it's really interesting for
me when considered in parallel with
what's happening on YouTube and the
sense of no community fracturing and a
distance that is now being placed in all
perceived distance maybe between many
youtubers and their communities I do
mention money a lot as a factor in the
changing feeling of YouTube but I don't
think that's always the case I by no
means think that it's universally true
that people who use brand deals or pay
for things have a bad relationship with
their community that's just not true
however the fans into customers a line
is interesting because it shows a shift
in the role that the audience the
community whatever you want to call it
is perceived to have now that might be
something that's only external that
might be something that's only with the
group of youtubers that might be
something very specific and rare but i
think that the language that we use to
describe it i'm always coming back to
language i think that's really important
and central to the discussion for my
understanding without a dictionary
definition right in front of me her
customers someone who goes to a location
or to a service with the express purpose
of buying something i found its only who
has a connection to an individual a team
or an experience that has a measure of
enthusiasm for it and excitement for it
that it becomes part of their identity
there are two different things and in as
much as i strongly believe that money is
a way in which we express our values in
a little ways like you know like I shop
at lash and that as an expression of my
valine full sustainably sourced and
produce products I don't think that
there there is as strongly an alignment
with identity in the same way that it is
when you call yourself a fan of
something and when you align yourself
with a community or with an experience
or an individual or a team there is a
sense
being part of something broader whereas
with purchasing and being a customer a
lot of it is to do with getting
something in return and a kind of
exchange and it's quite in my mind a
specific thing it's going there for a
specific identifiable reason a fan it's
a lot about the feeling I don't mean to
sound wishy-washy about it you might
come up with a lot of words for
something that you love but it's about
this nebulous thing it's about you know
seeing my friends in LA going to the
wizarding world of harry porter soft
open and just having that buzz and that
feeling that excitement we pop the
fandom it's about the Supreme Court news
today and having the absolute essential
need to have a westering Supreme Court
episode marathon it's about loving a
book and needing to tell everyone about
it it's about watching your favorite
youtubers and going to the home pages or
just being furious and the videos that
pop up in this your subscription box
because you need to know what their
video is and you want to see their video
and you're excited about it I think
there's a level of excitement maybe that
comes into it but I I don't think that's
always true as well there are things
that I've been excited to buy and I've
been excited to buy things like you know
when I report how fresh and gently how I
was very excited to buy it but that
excitement wasn't connected to any
identity of being a customer it was
being a fan the customer aspect of it
was very temporary I was a customer in
that moment that I purchased the book
but I was a fan always or a fan in the
time broader than that one interaction
may be something about quantify ability
maybe it's something about an
information age in which certain metrics
are used to measure our success but then
also our every interaction and trying to
find some way to compartmentalize it but
again I think that the language is
interesting and important and I'm
definitely gonna be keeping an eye on
how we describe our communities and our
experiences as time goes on and also how
other people describe their communities
and experiences because it's not to say
that it's one uniform thing different
people are going to use different
identifiers and a different language
all sorts of things when they talk about
their experiences their communities
their environments because everyone's
are living a different life at the same
time I think that there has been a shift
towards tanning fans into customers and
that isn't something that we are
necessarily individually responsible for
but it's something we have to be mindful
of as we continue to make this community
what we want to make it I obviously
haven't formed thought is entirely on it
I'd love to hear your thoughts and I
would also love to hear any different
parallels and analogies that you've
found particularly telling for example
once we've said so far things like TV
and the music industry and in this case
football but any other parallels I just
be really interested to see because I
think that they provide a way into where
we are that can offer a certain amount
of clarity and also places that we are
doing well and that we could maybe do
better so that's today I am going to
finish this amazing margarita that I
made it's like a grapefruit lime and
obviously tequila margarita mmm so tasty
and it has a sort where more at least it
did but now that sort room has king a
little bit sad and to be honest once i
edit this I'm going to be watching a few
more episodes of The West Wing so I will
see you tomorrow I think i'm gonna make
a book video tomorrow but who knows
really who knows alright bye
Oh
you
Oh
