hello I am out of office and it is the
holidays in celebration that I did we
watched the holiday which gives more
problematic to me every single year and
yet there is still something about it
that does it that it just brings me back
while I was watching the holiday I
finished wrapping my presents but I
realized would have been excellent
vlogmas fodder except for the fact that
I don't want anyone who was receiving
presents to watch me wrap the presents
do you not miss you do that ask the
people in their lives not to watch that
particular video or do they ankle the
camera so you can't really see what's
being wrapped I really understand how it
works
seeing is it's only the 22nd of December
I thought I'd get far ahead of the trend
and start baking some Christmas biscuits
and by Christmas biscuit I have mostly
mean gingerbread people last year my
friend Mark gave me a lot of molasses
now I normally make gingerbread with a
golden syrup maybe it's even exactly the
same as golden syrup I don't know but
let's find out by using your recipe for
my friend the internet it's gonna get
the most mileage out of this thing
Sephora it stops being the season so
there's view you've been following the
gripping saga of my laptop you'll be
pleased to hear it came back they did
replace the outer casing so my good
nesting has gone it was not good enough
the beautiful Apple but it works and
it's a Christmas miracle tree week so we
need half a cup of butter and three
quarters of a cup packed brown sugar
that's a half a cup and that's the other
little guy quite a noise do this
Americans really like measuring things
out in cups okay now I have to cream it
until light and fluffy we're just going
to take a while seeing as I only have
you know the strength of my arms fun
fact of the day one of my favorite words
is tines
so these are prom bits and a fork up
with the tines of the fork then you take
your wooden spoon absolute like fit so
it basically combines the butter and
sugar pretty well but it's also so
fluffy like you didn't want to do it
because the butter doesn't like that so
it once a third of a cup molasses which
is a shame because I have so damn many
of
they smell like some kind of medicine
this right now it looks like the last
thing from appealing humans to say we're
happy we decide to do this that's done
and then it says in another bowl whisk
together the remaining ingredients
a little extra so it smells amazing
smells still fight Christmas say
refrigerating the 30 minutes which is a
good amount of time to clean up
everything IV so far and maybe even have
a little drink and watch a bit of a
Christmas episode of The West Wing
it's about 1:00 a.m. I have one more
batch to take out and then I let them
cool overnight we're decorating them
tomorrow I've got to edit this video and
finish that episode of The West Wing as
well as this champagne brass bringing
grenadine who knows and eat this one the
next batch I make I'm going to add more
spice but I'm very happy with how that
turned out I'll see you tomorrow
mmm
