if you go down to the woods today I'm
not entirely sure who you would find but
if you went down to Epping Forest a few
weeks ago you may have found four girls
on a stroll into the woods singing into
the woods singing out of the woods
sinning every woodland song imaginable
but it was such a lovely little retreat
I don't really know how to describe it
as a place it just takes you out of the
city obviously because you're in a
woodland obvious statement but it
reminds me of that feeling when you're
walking through Central Park in New York
and you can't hear the cards anymore the
trees actors total soundproof and you're
in somewhere else for a little bit and
that's what it feels like I've never
been one for countryside I don't fancy
it very much which is why sometimes when
I tell people you've known me for a long
time that I've moved Indianapolis which
I know is a city but they think like
Rosanna really Rihanna not in a big
massive massive massive city what's
going on and but i like it i like these
over treats I like breaks with friends i
like being proactive with friends i like
saying oh there's this thing that i've
always wanted to do let's go and do it
you know i think for some reason I don't
know whether it's I felt embarrassed or
shy or like it was self-serving or what
I don't know what the hesitation was
sometimes before asking my friends to do
fun things and I don't know whether also
now we're more independent we have more
stability I suppose most of us work
weekdays and have similar days off or at
least close to it and it's possible for
us to put time aside and do things like
swing on random ropes in the middle of
the forest and stroll around and go for
pub lunch and I don't know make those
moments count more one of my friends he
wasn't with us makes a point every
weekend to do lots and lots of
activities to go to museums to go to
brunch to go bold
ring to just pack her weekends full of
different things and it's really
exciting actually do what she's been up
to every time here what she's been doing
from time to time I think why don't we
do that you know like wait why are my
friends why we why do we just netflix so
much at the time but then i actually
think about all the stuff that we do do
do do do do we go to football matches
and the forest we go to museums we look
at book shops and i stopped selling
myself short you know i think that there
are so many ways in which we try and
find ourselves and adequate but it's not
until I document them that I realized
really how often I do it it's just every
moment it's trying to find places in
which I could be doing better and part
of that is checking yourself part of
that space to grow part of that space to
learn and discover new things and Geney
things but sometimes it's just pure
judgment so that's why I like being
around my friends because it takes you
out of that headspace and just puts you
there with one another in this fun
environment having a good time being
with the people who matter the most to
you I'll see you tomorrow fun fact I
originally made this as a out of the
woods music video but then was scared of
copyright so if you so if you play it
again for the very beginning in queue up
out of the woods by Taylor Swift at the
same time then you will have yourself a
very unofficial music video
you
you
