I come to you in the blue gloom of a
January evening in Indiana it's um it's
not that late in the day but the light
goes and you miss it January has always
been my least favorite month it is very
dark it's very cold it's even colder
here now it supposed to be a time of new
beginnings of refreshes of making
promises to yourself and it just it gets
too much it puts too much pressure from
the word go and so I decide to put my
new years in my resolutions in different
places and I don't judge myself all that
I'm not able to achieve in January if I
or Disney Pixar character I would
probably be wooly I am solar powered I
need the Sun I need the light without it
I find it incredibly difficult to do
even the most basic tasks and things
just become harder I just I struggle
more in january i do i find it difficult
and sometimes i feel like i have an
excuse to every time of year and i think
to an extent that's true you know like I
think that is something quite pernicious
about mental health is that you on the
one hand tell yourself it's all not true
but on the other hand you have all these
excuses for why you feel this way and
that can sometimes stop you from going
to where you need to go to get help and
look after yourself and then in the
midst of all that you have things like
Blue Monday which is a day created by
advertising companies to sell you trips
to Florida or tell you that you need to
buy this thing and it's just all quite
depressing really it is and I don't use
that word lightly it's it can be quite
difficult but this year this year I say
this is the thing is terrible this year
I was able to spend the first 25 days of
January with some of my closest friends
and old friends new friends and it was
such an inspiring time I've come back to
Indiana feeling so full to the brim with
ideas that it's so exciting to have this
feeling a week before i go into my 10th
no 11th year on youtube next week I'll
have fun on YouTube for 10 years I just
don't even I keep trying to think up
ways to come
with that some weight to make something
to to share with you what that means and
to ya too I don't know you want you want
to build a statue to it somehow not a
real Statue but something that would be
in that space and you can't you can't
all things it's too big it's much too
big and these two me and in my life and
what it has meant to me it is it is too
big for that so who knows who knows what
will happen we'll leave it to chance I
am having a party to it because i love i
love a party I had another leaving party
before I love the UK I keep saying yes
before I left the UK it was such a
wonderful mix of people not everyone
could make it and of course you know
it's always gonna be the case that
always gonna be people who can't make it
but it was such a strange and bizarre
and brilliant mix of people from YouTube
in 2006 or I've stayed friends with to
publishing people who are work with and
do fun projects with and who introduced
me to books that i adore and meet people
I lived with strong walks of life and
university people and secondary school
people and primary school people it's
it's amazing it's really I feel very
lucky very very lucky so before the
light escapes me entirely I want to tell
you a little bit about what's coming up
at the end of 2015 or maybe with the
beginning of 2016 I can't exactly
remember i read a wonderful piece by
rachels i'm there was about creation and
it was about grimes for one as well but
a link in the description bar below it
was about owning things and funding
things and making things and having a
kind of agency over every aspect of what
you create or many aspects what you
create that hasn't been afforded to
people all recognized for such a long
time and and it's not about i dono a
strident kind of indignant independence
it's about power and where power comes
from and how its distributed and it's
about a voice and who's given a voice in
who isn't and that's something that's
very much gonna be in my mind as i go
into this new year and this new year
that keeps going that doesn't begin or
end
I read the first it's it's all so cheesy
to say but I believe that every moment
can be in a year every moment can be a
new start you don't have to exist within
the framework that you're given for your
expectations for yourself and for your
life something that I'm doing this year
a lot its I'm I've started so many more
projects but I want to make them and put
them out there one of the people who was
at my party was my friend Clarissa who
I've mentioned many times she works for
ebru press penguin Random House but
she's just a wonderful person type of
conversation with because she reads in
much she listens to so much she engages
in conversations siren leveled it is
astonishing to me really it's so
impressive and she would just have these
wonderful ideas and she'll connect these
things together and she gave me a book
called originals by Adam grant which
they'll be a video about further down
the line but part of what that made that
book so good is when it talks about
making things and putting them out there
and that is something that i discovered
i love doing during blog mess and i
think it's a rediscovery every now and
then all I rediscover that I love
sharing things and that I love putting
them out there because I'm so sometimes
trapped by fear and I know that some of
you've said the same like you don't want
to share things it's not necessarily
because you think they'll get stolen or
someone else will take your idea but
because you think it says something
about yourself and you're very
vulnerable when you share something for
me the remedy to that has just been to
share more shower a lot put it out there
put out on the world and that's that's
what I'm going to be doing so I'm going
to try and make a video every single day
for the foreseeable future we'll see how
that goes and but there are so many
other different projects that i'm doing
i'm listening to a new album every day
or EP and buy a new artist that I've
never had a forward album that I've
never heard before and even if I've
hadn't wanted two songs from it that I
haven't heard from start to finish I'm
reading a lot I've joined book clubs
online offline I have this new
perspective on my work and what I want
my work to be and what I think my role
is and where I think my power is within
that things I want to learn people I
want to see oh the places i'll go there
is so much travel coming up i am so
fortunate so ISIL
ought to be privileged on so many levels
and so excited I mean on the horizon
meds New York and Boston la Coachella
Governor's Ball where else but I'm
really excited for this year and I'm
really excited to bring you all with me
so there'll be a bit of catch-up in the
first week or so and a little bit of
what i've been doing what I've been
thinking about but at the same time kind
of a retrospective as I look back you'll
hear about some museums I've been to
some books I've read but I'd love to
hear more about what you've been doing
what you consider fresh starts and what
the January helps or haunts you I'll see
you tomorrow
Oh
you
you
you
Oh
