so it's the force of January and when I
finished vlogmas I tell myself you know
what I won't stop I'll keep going I'll
keep up with the pace of it I'll keep I
don't know plowing on with it I'll
harness that energy and just make things
and really i'll make a new year's eve
video your New Year's Day video and then
somehow the train came off its tracks to
say the least but that's okay that
happens in 2016 I forgive myself for
that it's been really fun seeing friends
and I have filmed a lot and it's all
completely disconnected i think but i
hope you like it and a little update
from 2016 four days in I spent my New
Year's with lots of different groups of
friends all crammed into one night and
the countdown itself i spent climbing up
a very risky ladder and through a
skylight on a roof in Notting Hill I've
got the bruises to show it and 2016 so
far I've read three books well i
finished one let started the year before
i read a whole other one hour of the
bees I started this one Patricia
Highsmith's Edith's tyree as for
everything else you've missed well here
you go ah it could be rocking cleaner I
think it could be a coat actually I'm
still thinking it might be a coat or a
small Christmas tree are you gonna side
with each other yeah oh god oh god the
time we need to give you some lessons
it's gonna be YouTube star
games
you are charged for the fun times
hello so I am off to a wonder really I
haven't really been out that much today
I cut up quite late off to stay up super
late watching and then what there were
none and then bake off so now we'll give
a bit of a wonder but I didn't want to
say before I forget that I'm Lucy yeah
let's Lucy made a fantastic fantastic
video about feminism and body image
dysmorphia and validation and it was a
really really great conversation now and
comments so I'm going to send you with
that so you can have that soon watch it
and let me know what you think about it
as well hi said today I'm going to duck
and waffle which is when my favorite
restaurants listed because of the view I
was originally going to go with son Alex
and Emily but Lex and son I can't make
it so Emily and I once again will forge
on into the night
there's new year's eve and I'm off to
get my nails done again dan looking my
haircut for the person for ages so here
is the last sight of my forehead for get
it cut I've also put a little coconut
oil my face and cleansed it so now i can
show you what I got through my friends
for Christmas I got them all identical
gifts and I got one for me too it's this
pin here and sews terminus with the
to-do list I actually sought tavi
Gevinson had one and I hunted it down
and found out where it was from this is
the London Overground service too high
bring his wings of the next station is
shortage high straight please keep your
luggage with you at all times to a
member
so my manager is done used to be pretty
good I think and now I'll get my hair
cut because it is looking pretty
shopping so I just got my hair cut and
now I am optical a couple of things and
then it is time to go home only finished
getting ready for new years so it's
pretty busy anything but on where we go
so in back at marion's I've got maybe
like an hour and a half to do everything
that I would like to do and chill out as
well and get ready and eat and drink and
hydrate and prepare myself for New
Year's Eve when you hack I like a lot he
didn't quite do my friend as I wanted
but it's fine I can tweak it but I
really like the way you did the rest of
my hair as well and I just it's so clean
and glossy I do not touch it that's why
we going to trouble i touch it because I
get so excited and then it gets really
dirty and anyway so yeah I'm gonna get
ready and I'll see you guys
if I've learnt anything this year is
that it's so so easy to mix strange and
unfair assumptions about others
character of course there are some
people you like and some you won't but
the ads should call someone a bad person
a less than person someone not worthy of
a chance is in all the most personal
hurtful of instances thoroughly
misplaced and hurtful I think to all of
us obviously this isn't a sweeping
statement there are people I've cut out
of my life you do not get another chance
ever but there is that marking middle
space the spectrum space
so it's a bit the drizzling day here in
London and my way to meet up Lucy early
age and exhibition so is that house
Oh
you
Oh
taunton advisor playing it I saw
something so that's a lot of what you
missed and I have plenty planned for
this month so I'll see you again very
very soon bye
