holiday party now an excuse to wear
something sparkly we have our holiday
meal tonight
I'm really looking forward to it it
should be really fun I am a little bit
gaving a bit stressed about going back
to the UK for the Christmas period and a
few weeks after that just because there
it feels like there is a lot to do I'm
gonna be on top of it and it's all gonna
work out fine but it is a little bit
stressful and that's fine my evening
going to star wars finally it feels like
it came out about a week ago because
most of my friends in the UK have
already seen it because they're very
fancy people I mean the reports have
been so good and I've just really I'm
ready to see it I'm so ready
but yes I'm going to put you up in my
bedroom while I get ready so you can get
ready with me YouTube culture references
I loved reading the things you would do
if you had a thousand dollars at
Hamilton for example being a key leading
contender but also holidays and trips
and spending time with friends and that
sort of thing the other thing I wanted
to talk about while I get ready is that
in the video where I asked you guys to
suggest some vlogmas topic ideas as we
close in on the final week and a bit of
vlogmas is that quite a few of you asked
me to talk about non-binary genders and
gender identity because a couple of you
said that you don't really hear much
about that discussion from people who
don't necessarily identify as non-binary
or kind of just anywhere outside of the
gender binary I feel like this is
consistent with what I'm not going to
rename binary immerse so identify it as
female and acknowledging that gender and
sexuality are two different
conversations just a caveat that on the
sexuality side of things in the spectrum
I gear pretty straight if I didn't
believe that everything was fluid also
of Jennifer Lawrence didn't exist I
would say entirely straight but there we
go I do a fluidity man fluidity one take
away a constant vigilance fluidity but
gender identity wise I who have been
fortunate in that I have never felt
boxed in by the expectations of my
gender and in that sense that some
people talk about like I tried to read
as broadly as I can about people's
experiences identifying outside of the
gender binary or just identify
as the other gender binary within the
binary and those voices are so important
to listen to and dive into but it's not
something that I've kind of read and
thought oh yeah I feel like that too
it's very much an experience that I have
to stop and listen to and take the time
to listen to those voices and and
prioritize those voices in my thinking
because it's not somewhere that my brain
would immediately go to in terms of my
relationship with my gender why I
haven't felt like I needed to question
that gender or that gender assignment I
should rather say I have felt definitely
very keenly like a lot of the things I
struggle with are kind of very feminine
feminine expectations so I talk a lot
about you know body image and body
expectations and I also of course talk a
lot about the roles women are expected
to play and accept to which they are
supposed to be visible or invisible
people whether that's the workplace the
YouTube online space friendships or
that's stuff I'm really interested in
our interaction with that and I have
felt very easily aligned with that you
know I'm proud of being a woman not in
any kind of superior sort of way and not
necessarily agreeing with the binary
male women in saying that but I am proud
to be a women and I feel like I have
there are things that womanhood has
given me and I feel that for all the
frustrations I feel regarding where
women are shut out or not treated with
respect and not treated with XYZ for why
I feel grateful that there is an
alignment in my gender assignment and
gender identity and secondly that there
is a level of recognition that I am
granted that many people aren't granted
with regards to their identity and
thirdly that at least there is some
conversation happening on a scale about
the role and oppression of women
worldwide I wouldn't say that that
conversation exists at scale for
non-binary a gender individuals but so
something that I have really found
through that gender identification and
through what how I feel and my
experience of a woman is solidarity and
quickly building those networks and
quickly finding those spaces in which we
can tackle the problems that that occur
purely because
we exist in that group in the first
place if that makes sense like for me a
huge part of my gender identity relies
on the extent to which I have been
treated a certain way because of my
gender identity and that's why I do I
feel a little sympathy a little sympathy
in a little empathy towards the people
who say well if feminists just want
things to be equal why don't they stop
asking for special treatment and I know
that that's it's quite easy to have that
like knee-jerk reaction of like what the
 what are you saying but I
understand that and I have empathetic
towards and on a certain level because
from a position of stepping back like
this and looking at the problem maybe it
could make sense and maybe that doesn't
make sense but the reality of it is very
much that the feminine and the femme in
feminism is what is perceived as weaker
in both men and women and I think that
once you stop aligning masculine and
feminine with man and women then it
becomes a completely different thing and
then I stopped kind of doing that maybe
around the end of secondary school
beginning of University sort of period
and that for me was incredibly helpful
both in understanding my identity but
also kind of looking at all these
different problems and how much what
we've assigned is female and what we've
assigned is feminine and what we assign
is masculine and male and the problem of
that only being two options in that sort
of strange equation there like how how
much that rigidity has affected the way
in which we're all able to grow and
develop and interact with each other and
so even though for me I don't spend as
much time as I'm a police should
thinking about the agender or non-binary
or transitional state of gender I feel
like there's an extent to which my
relationship with gender is dependent in
some ways on seeing the insufficiencies
of the things that we use to define
gender roles if that makes sense I'm not
entirely sure whether this wasn't so
many kind of make different stops and
starts that I'm not entirely sure
whether that was even this
but for me that's that's I guess my
gender input for now but right now it is
536 I'm going to go start getting ready
for the holiday party if you would care
to join me in the other room over there
like this size right now oh the
tree I'm still recording oops
Wow here we go oh yeah darkness oh so
yellow there's not single setting on my
camera which makes this color scheme
work but I don't show you what I'm
wearing today actually I pretty much
love it bt-dubs you gonna be blurry then
wearing a dress from Topshop underneath
this made well jumper which is a smidge
big and my boots the trusty boots I find
any kind of parties here any kind of
excitement here any kind of like
dress-up things here very hard to gauge
I haven't quite like hooked into the
midwestern thing so I just try and
embrace like full London but oh yeah I
mean where for like a holiday party in
the UK I would have one like heels and
their tiny dress and just you know go
with that vibe it's not exactly the same
thing here it's a bit different and it's
yeah it's a different vibe and that's
fine I just don't
I just haven't I'm just not like
instinctually instinctively
understanding it and which is fine as
well so know some people getting pretty
casual but I also know that it's
Christmas so you've got to dress up at
least a little bit I only found like if
we're gonna do it if we're gonna do this
Christmas thing
we might as well do it a little bit
heightened a little bit Wow and so since
I worked at top man I don't think I
don't want it in like three years
whatever it is approaching three years
and it's this like sparkly situation
like long pencil skirt since such a long
time since I wore it the pencil skirts
have gotten in and out of style whatever
that means
speaking of pencils Granite's and skirts
and general and things going in that of
style someone told me recently oh you
must be so happy that miniskirts are
back in style like miniskirts
never go out of style miniskirts are
forever love a miniskirt all
about that miniskirt I wear them even if
like not a single other personal planner
is wearing them and probably especially
then I am sorry I just don't understand
why we must wait for things to be in
style to wear them I just adds not
something that has ever
I'm excited when things I love her in
style because there are more options of
them not necessarily because I can I
feel like I can wear them so yeah I'm
gonna put on some party music and get
dressed you're gonna be listening to
some royalty-free music but just imagine
it's like some I know like prayer and
see or something is like get ready a
ticket you know I'll link it in the
description bar below and maybe can
press play like nap
I feel good I feel like that's what I
like about makeup and that's when it's
good and that's what's fun and dressing
up when it makes you feel good but not
in a way of like it's started with you
feeling inadequate it makes you feel
good because the process is fun and the
transformation is fun and the ridiculous
things you can do with all these weird
things we have our body and our hair and
our eyelashes and our eyebrows like it's
cool we should celebrate that I feel
like makeup and dressing up and all that
ass stuff needs to come from a point of
celebration and essentially a
celebration of our bodies rather than a
need to cover it up and disguise it and
yay I'm so grateful to be on what feels
like the right track so anyway I'm off
to my holiday dinner and I will see you
tomorrow bye
you
