good morning and happy project for
awesome this year I'm going to talk
about medicine sort of enti√®re AKA
Doctors Without Borders for most of us
doctors are among the first people we
meet they are there on some of our worst
days there was some of our birthdays and
therefore many many days in between
children dressed up as doctors it is a
job they recognized and reenact from an
incredibly young age the stability and
availability of doctors is something to
be tremendously grateful for but I am
also tremendously grateful for those
doctors who go into areas of conflict or
flood of family of epidemic and crisis
and overall instability and help right
now Doctors Without Borders is working
in over 60 countries to provide medical
aid and logistical support these
countries include Afghanistan Armenia
Bangladesh Bolivia bulgaria burkina faso
burundi cambodia cameroon such lufkin
republic chad china colombia the
democratic republic of congo DPR Korea
Egypt Ethiopia georgia greens guinea
guinea-bissau katie horrendous india a
piranha brought it to the Ivory Coast
Jordan Kennedy gusta lebanon lesotho
liberia libya madagascar malawi Mali
Mauritania Mexico mozambique myanmar
nepal measure nigeria palestine pakistan
Papa New Guinea the Philippines Russian
Federation Southall search and rescue in
the Mediterranean Sea Serbia sierra
leone south africa south sudan sudan
swaziland syria touch of some turkey you
garden UK who's better start Yemen and
Zimbabwe the problem slip on and off our
screens and on and off our reading lists
or were never there in the first place
our attention is often as unstable as
their situation but the doctors of
medicine self Katya are there providing
emergency care long-term health care
solutions doing research and calling
attention to those places where we are
not doing enough and our age is not
sufficient or not working for whatever
reason in order to do its work properly
Doctors Without Borders understands that
it must remain fiercely independent and
about ninety percent of its money comes
from small donations by private donors
like you they very very rarely accept
donations from governments in order to
do that work wrote is needed without
political sway in addition to their work
in areas of natural disaster war with
refugees and so on Doctors Without
Borders provides care for people who
have been neglected by their societies
these are people who have been
excluded from health care whether that's
because of taboo medical condition or
because of their jobs for example sex
workers oh just Without Borders is rated
four out of four stars for charity
navigator and they are known for keeping
that overhead slow so that they can do
as much work as possible when I'm of
India recently said as an organization
we feel a shared humanity exists that it
is simply a good thing to relieve the
distress of those in pain and that has
doctors and medics we are bound to try
to treat patients who need us wherever
they may be on this small planet the
work of Doctors Without Borders makes
more better days than worst days and you
you wonderful generous community can
help by getting to projectforawesome.com
and voting for this video sharing it
widely and encouraging others to check
out project for awesome happy project
for awesome everyone I'll see you
tomorrow and I'll see you on the live
stream
