Oh guys it is the morning after the day
that I met Taylor Swift and I have to go
to the dentist in a second I can't go
into in full detail but I just wanted to
check in because it was incredible like
everything about the experience was
incredible today and adulthood we need
up you have a bath and he literally
looks like a different person I wish I
could have shown you that before before
was dirty I've had only the pieces I was
three
he's very very important to me however
he gets dirty very quickly and he kind
of just gathers the dirt I forget what
he's supposed to look like when he it's
clean he's got this kind of string vest
at the moment it's Saturday night and
what I'd like to see right now is read a
book but what I'm going to do because I
do feel quite Charles is sort through
the random piles of paper that I have
this is my worst enemy I think that some
people acquire a lot of clothes I
acquire paper so what I do for my kind
of brain what I need to do is find a
space on the floor and label things or
sometimes on my desk it depends on them
any kind of sorting organizational
project I tend to do that and then I
write a list of categories on a piece of
paper so I can cross-reference them
today there's not been the most
productive day it is Saturday I want it
to be kind of productive and it hasn't
been which is frustrating in its own
ways but whatever so guys I'm running a
bath because I'm exhausted I'm exhausted
from not doing very much any of the
science so frustrating but I find both
incredibly helpful and rejuvenating and
it's not easy to read like two hours I
got this the other day for myself I was
buying some for someone else and then
whoops I swept so bad unlucky on camera
the experimenter which is my favorite
one of all time looks like this it
creates all these incredible colors in
the bath cinders she like gets me the
Christmas image your Lord of misrule
which also is a bit Christmasy which is
so green
so it is what days it's the 29th of
September and it is brand-new flowers
o'clock though it is 7 or 8 p.m. I films
in order to reads video just now which
I'm gonna go and edit and work on
tonight I came up from work I thought
really down I'd like this I didn't want
you to think that I'm always sad and
really not going it's but I think that
sadness can come in and out of our lives
at a much more frequent rate than we'd
like to admit and a lot of that has to
do with wanting to present yourself as
always happy and always positive and I
am a pretty positive person even when
I'm sad I think I try to be at least
it's something that is helpful to me but
I think that by not looking at the
sadness and allies you know you don't
have to stare at it but not looking at
it then I think that that is more likely
to cause problems I don't know where the
spent I just meant to say that I was
really sad but then I watched a few of
my friends videos and I read a few
articles and I kind of looked around
what people who are making and Lord has
new song and it's fantastic or
disclosure has a new song featuring Lord
and it's absolutely fantastic and just
seeing all these things that other word
people were making really made me want
to make something of my own but it was
helpful to me because it made me feel
purposeful and excited and yeah I didn't
know that this like I feel like none of
this was saying anything just gotta keep
going just got to keep going
things are good I'm off to Minneapolis
next week for nerdcon stories which I'm
really excited about I'm gonna pan on
there and then and then like two weeks
after that I see Emily in Toronto and
I'm seeing a stay my Frank Laurie's just
sent me this she bites me to the
premiere emotion and I couldn't go and I
was really sad about it but she sent me
this amazing box of goodies including
this Ares 3 cap a plant in a can which
is branded as the marketing plan to
account and cut planters it doesn't say
maybe it's a potato this pin is Wheatley
laughs I again don't know how why you
can see it and there's a tiny little
rover and as
tshirt there as obvious it was really
fun to have all these things which is
kind of like they really cheered me up
they reach it up my day hello so it is
October 2nd
it is 9:40 p.m. and it's midnight
I am I just had had a few conversations
recently and it amazes me how little
progress that has been in even fairly
progressive cycles when it comes to
things like men telling women how they
should feel when men behave
inappropriately or make them feel
uncomfortable it's frustrating to me to
see all these examples of women being so
open with their experiences and and
people being so at with their
experiences you see it again with race
you see black women and Athena's an
Asian woman and so on being open about
their experiences and yet people tell
them what they should be feeling and
explain these situations to them this is
my absolute favorite of the more recent
lush bath bombs it is called the
experimenter soon these will be in an
apple crumble and it's gonna be great
also can we talk about how this is the
most expensive thing at all of these I
mean apples no this wasn't least
expensive thing is $11 that reason I'd
like to maintain a 24/7 monitoring of my
old phone
hello so it is the sixth of October SMO
means barfy tomorrow I've had all these
buffets in quick succession that I'm not
going to be at and you know how I feel
about birthdays hello from the beautiful
airport in Indianapolis I am on my way
to Minneapolis or the Appaloosas I'm
going to Nikon stories I am ready for
the old city breakaway actually I'm
enjoying this kind of having
Indianapolis as my hub and then pop me
out to places for a couple days at a
time
hopefully I'll also get to meet some of
you by the time you see this it will
have been in the past but hopefully I
will have met some of you okay let's
just gonna stop talking now except to
show you my amazing avocado shirt that
Ariana got me oh I'm a giant avocado all
my hopes and dreams right now it's very
nice I read the big lie and nearly cried
on the plane which is something I've
done a few times before more times than
I care to admit but out rappers in front
of the microphone I'm such a
professional did you know if Regina for
nearly ten years look at the behold the
cars of Minneapolis a lot of people when
I said I was moving to indianapolis
thought that I said Minneapolis maybe
because that's the only apple√≠s of
America that they know it is always
important to have convention snacks so
here we have Laura bars in various
flavors and then we have a couple of
Chris bars as well these are some other
things on like these so I got some of
these two and that snack bags because
I'm adorable that's me that is waiting
place that is it for now here is my room
look at all these beds I have
I think it's like 1:00 a.m. on the 10th
of October we went to Princeton which is
about an hour and 20 minutes away from
where nerd Kahn's being held in
Minneapolis and we raced while I isn't
race John raced and Maggie raced and
it's amazing track it's amazing group of
people that's great energy there but I
had the unfortunate experience of
watching my friend's car catch on fire I
didn't want to make anyone feel bad
because that's not that's not that's not
what it's about but I just wanted to
explain like that feeling when you watch
your friend's car like be licked by
flames underneath and you don't know
what's going on because you're not far
enough to do anything and it's not a
situation which you can help I think
that feeling of like helpless is worth
it is overused but that feeling
literally not being able to do anything
because you literally don't know what
the idea what the fuck he would be able
to do out of it and I was filming on his
camera for vlog brothers and I had to
still filming because it was just - I
was like I can't be the person who's
filming because I have no sense of like
how serious it is I have a yeah oh oh
it's just sorry I didn't think that this
would get here it was just it was scary
it was genuinely scary is like 7:45 or
so in the morning it's very bright today
I've been up for hours and hours and
hours and hours but that's absolutely
fine today it's the final day of nerdcon
which has been lovely so in a really fun
experience it feels like some of the
earliest conventions that I went to it
has that kind of intimacy but the focus
also being on the conversation rather
than so much being on like the guests
and stuff which I actually I think is
exactly what conventions need and yeah
it's been it's been good it's been crazy
I definitely woke up still pretty shaken
after yesterday which is so funny
because it makes me feel
really wussy I have to say like it makes
me feel embarrassed that I was upset as
I am but yeah it was just not it was
cool I mean it was such a fun night
that's the thing it's frustrating that
this thing is this feeling of like panic
and fear and horror it's just here it
look like it's just above just like this
oh and anyway so yeah that's that's why
it was so just really like oh today I
didn't when there's anxiety came back
think it might be related to the race
but I don't think it's entirely that I
could get something else and where my
flat isn't clean entirely clean the way
I like it to be as you can see over here
it's kind of there's just like stuff
around it really stresses me out and it
makes me feel really unhappy and it
tends to be something when I've come
back late or come back too busy to tidy
and just kind of left it but that always
makes me feel like I still have too much
stuff and I still want to get rid of
stuff and it's just it puts me in this
weird place and it has been like that
for a few years but especially since I
really got addicted to that feeling of
getting rid of things so I might do that
a bit more tonight I might just have to
chill myself out somehow and just
decompress I am stressed I feel really
stressed out of nowhere and I don't dare
get it and it's not making very happy
today unfortunately but what I am going
to do is I'm going to make another
risotto another tomato risotto this by
the way is faithful which is one of
luscious lipsticks just putting a little
plug in that while we're talking about
lipsticks this is Topshop sale and this
was Paxson I think you just go out no
man long time
so I've been thinking today a lot about
my rage and reactions and outrage and
that feeling that you get when someone
says something that annoys you so much
just like this deep rage full reaction
like I used to have that a lot I think
these have a lot more than I do right
now and I think part of that was just
figuring out who I am which I haven't
entirely figured out and does one ever
figure it out because does it ever stop
happening you think I try to think a bit
more before I react to something at
least before I react to it publicly
which is a whole different thing in
itself and I know there are things that
I've watched recently like stupid
YouTube videos about bodies from people
who've been ridiculous about it and you
clearly just want views that stuff
really liked rage me it makes me see
complete red I can't do anything I am
just so angry and letting anger out that
she doesn't feel that good and then I
just you just I just become a magnet for
this negativity when I put that stuff
out there
hello friends it is the morning it is
the morning of the 15th or whatever I
had a dream that I was on a kind of a
date with someone I don't remember who
so clearly they were unimportant we went
to see it as concert and that was the
whole day that was just and so in my
dream mind I got to see a killer concert
and I appreciate that
I saw I remember them planning and all
these things I've done it played mr.
Brightside I don't know it was fun it
was a fun dream I mean that's my brain
telling me to edit my Brandon Flowers
video sorry I didn't think about the
fact that I've put the castellane
glowing over that my voice is down and
it's so
it's frustrating me like everything very
excited to go here at Christmas but I'm
also feeling good like I'm finding out
more things about my local area here
which is helpful it also means that I'm
burning through money quite quickly
which is frustrating but just somethings
like supermarket fusion which is just
not yeah anyway getting myself back into
like this girl can get because I've been
like keeping up with it but I just want
to do I won't do more there because
winters the part where I tend to really
shut down not be very happy and also
like not exercise as much because
there's cold but it's going to get
really cold here so I have to come up
with a way to do a bunch of exercise
even though it's gonna be so fucking
cold I think my previous months it has
slightly more of an arc and there's no
arc available yesterday I had to
actually take half of the day off
because I think I just completely burnt
myself out to the point where I just
couldn't do anything anymore and I just
like hit rock bottom and I like I had
this is very weirdly emotional afternoon
and then at some point I kind of I
didn't even know an ounce of this but I
pretended to like talk through the
situation to a friend and then I started
crying I just felt so much better and I
like illness and emotional unhappiness
is very bound together for me and very
much everyone in my family I think
that's why I like magical realism so
much because I identify with it so
strongly today I won't feel like a
two-hour walk in total I went to the
farmers market and then when I couldn't
find everything I went did that I went
to another market down the trail which I
really love and yeah now I'm gonna make
I'm redoing the scramble scramble art
assignment as a dinner party tonight so
the meal that we put together has like
five different courses and my course
that I'm making is the dessert and it's
a tart with a crust made of grits now I
know
it looks like this well this is the
packet let's have a look at the inside
so what I'm gonna do is make a crust of
growth and then sear my apples and pears
and like cinnamon and sugar and then put
them on in the tart around the crust I
might add a bit apricot depending on how
I'm feeling
- really you know tart it up and then
put a mint on top this is what grits
looks like no how are you doing able to
see them you can't see them at all cuz
they actually look like grits it's just
ground corn any time I don't know what a
word means here it means corn it means a
kind of corn or kind of like other
beanie grass farm thing but I'm such a
tzedakah I actually offend myself also
I'm going to mention this in a video
later but this arrives the Dan and Phil
book arrived because Dallas all seven
want to me which is very nice of them
and it's such a high-quality book it's
actually kind of amazing
I like they're not the Gucci books that
I've seen recently have been so poorly
made and I'm like bad quality paper or
they just like look really cheap Morris
this is frigid nights like the pages of
knives and it makes me feel really happy
that this is such a high quality book
because obviously so many people who are
absolutely massive fans are gonna go out
and buy it and the fact that they've
taken the time to ensure like them down
a fill but then also Ebury press and so
on have taken the time to ensure that
it's something that they can treasure
and value I think that that says a lot
and makes me happy to support it a lot
of ways
now shit okay and now I bake for 20
minutes I think how about them apples I
got these from the farmers market this
morning
they are huge massive
