welcome aboard tree 851
the Pawnee Hoosier State
about 60 minutes
and
not too shabby I love this room
glimpses of Chicago through this I'm
feeling a bit sleepy actually like not
terrible I'm gonna freshen up as they
say and then head on out I think is that
a mini-fridge product census I hate this
I always get so scared well somewhat
stocked
romantic Windy City very true
it has certainly become a really nice
day here in Chicago
one thousand six pm it's like five hours
until doors at Brandon Flowers and I'm
actually considering already maybe
heading off I felt a splendid of
anticipation before bed I think comes
out from a terrible today's where I
really just want to
20 hours early
people
there's something weird about cities
like that so it always
maybe just a month ago they still sound
a bit quiet to me there's kind of an
having a farm that I'm used to and there
are these moments in between the hub
where particular sounds cut through they
love this rumor so much to move out into
the way
it's a fun it feels comes all the
volunteers and understand my divergence
at here there's something straightly
futuristic and yet dystopian about the
city and that's wrong about it I really
like to talk my body is ready
comfortable shoes needed toka
something like that
I am really really excited I really need
my phone to keep charging as fast as I
can right now
okay I'm heading off it's time it's time
it's like twelve eleven something I
think is twelve I just got back and I am
ecstatic in the literal sense the sense
of the word I am out of my body it was
one of those gigs that could have been
really terrible you know like I mean it
wouldn't have been terrible I would have
enjoyed it either way but the crowd
really gave it an extra height and he is
so good with a crowd Brandon Flowers
really plays a crowd and I like I so
rarely get this particular feeling I
remember it most acutely I remember
talking about it after the killers and I
was so when I saw them I think it it was
a round direct hit so it was a couple
years ago November and it was fantastic
again it was such a moment and there was
so much joy and I just felt pure
glorious something and I've never
entirely been able to figure out what it
is but that's the feeling I get when I
see very very few people do things like
you know perform or when I see JK
Rowling speak or you know there are
those few moments there are those
creators that I really admire who just
they just do that I'd say that makes me
realize like how worthwhile this whole
thing was how worthwhile coming up to
something that you love if you can like
it's such a privilege to be able to have
the means to do this and sometimes I
think like oh should I have gotten up at
5 a.m. and should I have done XYZ you
know when I could just be like settling
in and doing other things I need to do
yes because it was wonderful it was uh
it was so it was amazing he started with
dreams come true and he also played
untangled love which I did normally it's
like an either rule situation at least
in the show
I saw it's it's it's unbelievable it's
unbelievable what a what a night so I'm
gonna go and unwind and I might have
some more thoughts on that front for you
tomorrow but for now I mean it was and I
was right at the front as I was like in
the second of like it was technically in
the third row but there's a very big gap
between the two women in front of me so
I was just dancing my heart out and I
put my phone away and just just lived it
um there was one moment when he was
talking for a little bit that I took
some photos but then that it was a very
active choice after that to put my phone
away and just be there and oh it's
wonderful it really is more thoughts
tomorrow now gonna run a hot book ha
boss now I'm gonna run a hot bath
because my feet are so sore I am up it
is 9 or something I didn't sleep very
well last night at all because I was so
just buzzing from yesterday but I want
to make the most of today so on the
agenda breakfast some we're doing a
little bit of like touristy stuff we've
been here before but I always love
seeing the bean and I've seen Navy Pier
and then after that who knows and then I
head back to Indianapolis at about 4:00
p.m. so let's get this day started
already oh and I'm gonna make it all
even Barrow it with a nice meerkat
jumper because I think it's a bit cold
today actually it's a little bit chilly
oh dear this outfit is just not great
but I love it I'm so comfortable right
now it's the best it is such a nice
morning actually like after big storm or
a big lot of rain I know what you know
so good
so right now we're on route to goddess
and the Baker which my friend Sarah
recommended sweeter than the food water
it was between this and yolk but they
have a yoke in India for lunch here my
lips
Nando's native foods Nando's 180 foods
Thursday in each oyster bar so against
Chicago was in 2008 for heritage
convention and I've come here at least
three times since then every time
it's just been wonderful it really has I
have
before but I love the city like a really
good for you I was very encouraged by
now Indianapolis that big river
it does anything to be put in quotes a
perfectly an ocean I'll take a lake but
also rivers a good river
River
take me off or something
I'm not entirely totalitarian see every
bit contact
what's he carrying
very confusing
- quite a few metres away
it's right
so something I've heard about speak to
there anytime it's raining the puss run
you home let's make you feel things that
doesn't fit
we burn up with breakeven is what train
is you think for a little day
the reigns of
an umbrella or like sometimes I even
around
you know he doesn't shut my day down and
I think that for most people it's just
that they've done it make something that
they put everything
stay inside to be punished
I am absolutely I'm rarely go destroyed
my clothes are very done got retail but
I made it I made it today prepare and I
was telling by the big ferris wheel
which fans of divergent will see
recognized
