one of my favorite books by Dodie Smith
calls I capture the castle begins I
write this setting in the kitchen sink
and one of the videos I watch over and
over and over and over again is JK
Rowling at the Deathly Hallows part-2
premiere saying Hogwarts will always be
there to welcome you home two very
different kinds of castles in those
books and both of them homes
I think of homes as castles even if
they're falling apart and oh the last
two years in London I have lived in some
places that were falling apart so why
don't you say this it is a great fortune
to have a roof over your head it is a
great fortune to have the ability to
Spanish at home whether that's from gum
tree and Craigslist and something you
pass in the street all the way way up
through IKEA and all the way up to
anthropology and whatever they're
selling things for to not only have a
space but to be able to make choices
about that space that is such a freedom
to me I think that is such a place of
creativity and energy for me and doesn't
understand more about myself on what I
need to be more creative one of them
fewer things and getting rid of a lot of
things it has helped me create a home
that gives back a lot to me in back and
forth now that I live in Indianapolis my
fat is much bigger it is very new no one
has lived here before
it is quite American in a lot of ways
someone commented on an Instagram
picture I think the first picture that I
posted of my fart was saying beige
carpet and beige walls very American and
it is there's a lot of me that just
wants to paint it all white white white
white white white copenhagen white it's
been amazing to sit together this space
and I've had so much fun and I'm really
looking forward to adding to it and
working on it and understanding more
about myself and how I work and making
things in this space as we go along so I
hope you like it so come along for the
journey and certainly let me know what
your favorite part of my flat is so the
first room when you come into my flat is
this one it's the kitchen living room
combination it's also probably my
favorite room just because it's where I
spend most of my time when I mean
either cooking or watching The West Wing
or cooking while watching The West Wing
while also listening to music while also
reading while also texting
yeah and badly doing one thing at a time
I did try to come up with a kind of
theme and they kind of seemed is a lot
of wood a lot of gold and hopefully lots
of plants I didn't have that done yet
but I'm getting better most of my books
are out here in Indianapolis a few of
them are at my mom's house in London but
most of them are out here and for some
time they were stacked against a fire
wall so I was so excited when my
bookshelf finally arrived also because
it was a lot bigger than I thought it
was I am terrible at measuring things
which is great because then I could fit
both my TV and my record player on it
I've been really enjoying having this
record player which I bought off the
friend of a colleague and it means that
when I listen to music I don't have to
have my laptop open I don't have to have
my phone on I can just be listening to
music which I realized it's something
that people were doing for such a long
time until laptops and phones came along
as well but for me it's helpful because
it helps me focus on one thing at a time
which as I said I'm really bad at and it
means I'm more likely to concentrate on
a book or whatever it is I'm doing
without checking my phone or checking my
email the newest piece my living room is
the slanted bookshelf which I really
enjoy because I can display my records I
can display rookie but it's also a great
way to highlight my book collection and
I'm kind of thinking of it as a rolling
exhibit as things that will come up and
change and that a feature now but might
not be featured then I don't know
something about the slot makes it more
of an interesting piece to me as many of
you know I worked in a book shop for
many many years and it's like that it's
feeling like you're choosing your
favorites and showing them to people and
I think that whenever I put a little
space together I've been very mindful of
the feeling of showing it to someone
I've always kind of having it on display
and part of that displays for myself to
go see on the bookshelf we have the
drumstick that I got from a killers
concert a dollar horses that are staying
as lying
me and a pic from the 1989 tour as well
as some Hamlet programs from the two
times that I went to see David Tennant
in Hamlet I also really like white frame
I start let's find big white framed do
enough for example for the brand of
flowers poster that is pinned above it
with actual little pins and thumbtacks
and noticeboards but I find that they're
really understated and it just brings
out the color in whatever it is you're
framing even if it's a black and white
poster it just highlights it in the way
that I think black friends don't like
frames take too much of the attention
and then I have a girlfriend do a banner
which I made out of staples and ribbon
and London Underground wrapping paper as
well as some gold letters that I found
at paper source really easy to mean
something I was looking for a long time
and ended up getting it target was a bar
card and it says golden wood which are
two of my key colors for this room and
to be honest throughout the flat so it's
been a lot of fun to say address the
bother to put my father's champagne
glasses to put these glasses that we had
growing up in my house that I took all
the way over here and we've got them
from Mexico and a trip way way way back
when the safer was also my kia find
loads of people have it it's called the
cars dad and a likely grave occurs if I
had the white one that I would spill
something on it immediately but the grey
jerk pendant hides nicely I'm also going
to be tufting the cushions okay putting
the little buttons on it but I haven't
done that yet I'll do that at some point
and then show that to you there is a
modification on it there the legs I
swapped in with legs from pretty paste
which it's a wonderful website that my
friend Emily Langston showed me it has
all sorts of different legs for
different kinds of furniture that you
can swap in to make it more interesting
again wooden girls kind of my vibe so I
picked those and I think that it was
just one thing little touches that have
really brought the safer up a little bit
just made it look even nicer overrun the
kitchen side of things the first actual
seating purchase I made were these bar
stools from Target I don't love them but
I brightened them up a little bit with
this with strip of pink paint I have
this great table runner from an
anthropology sale that brightens it up
I bought this big fan at a supermarket
which made a huge difference and it's
also been great to actually strip down
the windowsills I had a lot of cards and
they're originally a lot of different
like bits and pieces but now I just had
these few things I have a Hogwarts
Express a click and gray which squares
all my hubs and then this
the time leading embroidery that Emma
Mills did for me and then general
kitchen where I have cookbooks I have
what is supposed to be a buzz but is
actually being used to hold all my
wooden spoons I have my look whose day
there was a housewarming present from
Emery and Charlie I have another weird
and tropical plant I have the 24 numbers
from my 24th birthday video another
cardiac patch that Santa gave me as a
present and I still haven't decided
where to sew or ironed on a nutribullet
the pictures of my sister's a letter
from the White House and a picture of
Frida Kahlo that Lucy sent to me my
fridge is absolutely covered in pictures
mainly photobooth pictures from events
and concert tickets and response and
other crap that I love and can't bear to
get rid of I have some other pictures of
friends that I haven't put up yet but I
want to get frames to them and put them
properly around the flat rather than
just having the fridge row till
everything falls off and the magnets
can't hold them up anymore so even
though I am one person I do have a two
bedroom flat and the second room which
currently looks like this is actually
going to become a guest room slash
office space so I think I'll probably
look into getting those like home
stylists at some shops offer to come
around and offer some advice as to how
best to do it because I'm still trying
to work out like where exactly their
desk would go where exactly the bed or
futon or whatever would go and just get
the balance of this room right that room
probably won't change much through the
end of this year but next year I really
want to make it a great space and and
make that part of the flat whereas right
now it feels a bit like an appendage
it's where I do my yoga and it's whereas
sometimes my camera tripod lives and
then there's my bedroom with my massive
Westown bed which i absolutely adore it
is such a beautiful bag it is a godsend
by duvet cover which doesn't have a
duvet Nia is from Muji it's a great
jazzy one that I've got ages and ages go
and absolutely love because it's so so
soft my parents are from West down they
have tiny rails on them and yes they are
monogrammed and my big mirror is from
Crate & Barrel
it was the
2% off and marina help me get it into
that room it was so big and so heavy
ever this cop√°n pisser to start my day
feeling strong and have a little mirror
for details and I have a poster from we
were Liars and to make a way while this
clueless dreams come true I have a
walk-in closet my closet isn't quite as
big as shares but it's equally cool I
think actually felt like with a number
of clothes so I have it was looking
really really empty until I asked tumblr
and tumblr said hey turn a few things
around display a few things and that
absolutely changed it entirely now I go
in and it feels like a very fun relaxed
little coverage I feel very calm about
choosing what to wear in the beginning
of the day I feel like it's a fun
experiment in colors and patterns and
I've always felt like that but I think
sometimes when you're covered if I think
round or it's too big or just
something's not quite right with it that
can change the way you feel about
getting ready in the morning all these
like that all changes that feel really
silly to even talk about but I mean a
lot I think and make you feel a lot
better and brand of flowers lives there
too as do all of my necklaces
my bathroom has a bath in it it also has
a selection of reading material and a
lot of lush stuff I port have my Meucci
drawers with me so I have all my makeup
in those and some other little boxes and
things I found around there are still a
few non cruelty free stragglers in my
makeup collection but as I work through
it I'm feeling really good about what I
have and also really aware of exactly
what I have at the moment which is
better because then things don't expire
and also it just feels healthier and
lighter and just generally so much
happier about and there's the space of
wall connecting my bathroom to my
bedroom might have cards from rifle
Paper Co which I have pinned up but
would eventually like to frame or London
and Los Angeles and that's it that's my
home so let me know your thoughts and
comments the things I would really like
to do I'd like to get a rug I mainly
like to get a little extra chair for
this living room space I definitely have
to do a lot to the guest bedroom like
actually put stuff in that but we'll get
there we'll see let's shorten comments
and I don't like to hear any of your
thoughts about homes and humming this
and what has been to you and whether
your home feels like your kingdom and if
so why and if not why I look forward to
chatting about it and I'll speak to you
soon bye
