hello so it is Wednesday the 26th of
September and exactly one week ago
around the time that I'm filming this I
met Taylor Swift it was such a fantastic
evening it is an evening that I will
take with me for many many years to come
I hope it was an evening full of
kindness and generosity and a thief from
everyone I was with including but not
exclusively miss Swift herself so as you
know because I barely mentioned at five
thousand times in my birthday was almost
15 for my birthday John and Sarah sorted
out tickets to Taylor Swift for me and I
went with them then with some friends
and we all went to the 1989 tour I was
really excited to go with people from
the start with his last year when I saw
Taylor Swift I wasn't able to get anyone
to come with me so I went to see her by
myself it was an amazing night this show
was fantastic but I was wetting myself
so there's an extent to which it's
different and it's a different kind of
experience and even though a lot of my
friends have gone to see the red tour
generally it's something about wanting
someone standing there with you having
that same or similar as possible
experience with you yeah and I you're
not I rarely talk to people during shows
I get so into it I get so excited I sing
all the words but you want someone with
you for those moments Amy said no idea
what I think it's what I write up until
the moment that we were there I went to
collect them even madder than that the
same day the day of the concert like
literally it would have been maybe 1 or
2 p.m. we got an email inviting us John
and friends to meet Taylor I can't begin
to tell you how exciting the email was
but it also created great panic it was
also what do I wear when I meet this
person who has made this thing that I
absolutely love and has made many things
that I absolutely love and there are the
soundtracks to so many of my experiences
but equally there's songs that are a
soundtrack to a quiet night in when I'm
by myself and I'm trying to turn the
courgette into crisps by following a
recipe and it's going terribly but I
have this music on that I love and
that's important to me and say yeah I
became quite fixated on this panic what
do I wear what do I wear and I'm doing
this but do I wear for this experience
what do I say how do I put words in
order for this there is a really weird
insect on my door right now
I'm just gonna leave it because I'm
talking about more important things then
we got to the stadium and we waited and
we met a lot of people there who are big
fans of John's and his red John's books
it was really wonderful everyone was
absolutely lovely and 10 our group was
called through and we walked through
this place that I recognize from
pictures as being lost 89 so loved 89
for those of you who don't know is the
space where Taylor invites some fans to
come and meet her after the shows and
she takes pictures with them and that
was really hilarious pictures and it
seems like such a fun sweet thing to do
but it's also this very consistent space
in the narrative that is the 1989 tour
it's this thing that takes you back to
the home environment and a homely
environment but then also that feeling
the Taylor's inviting you into her home
in New York and she's inviting you into
her new life and as in every song that
she does she was inviting you into her
life and away but letting it be your
space too and giving you that space to
be excited in or be honest in or crying
or feel whatever you feel it's the
feeling you have with music in a
physical space it's incredibly smart but
it's also incredibly kind anyways we
were just walking around the corner we
get around a corner and then right in
front of us is this magical powerhouse
of a gazelle and she says hello hi great
to meet you and gives us all a hug and
my world was rocked my world I just this
person who's important to me is right
there being amazing like right there and
it's these two things it's this person
who's important to me in all these very
big ways but it's also this person he
was a person who's there and I can see
that she's a person that's even more
cool it she's some of this stuff because
she's a human she's a real human with
real feelings who has taken her time to
do this and that's another kindness and
it's just I had all these emotions but I
had them all very quietly inside my
brain and I was wearing my shuttle
necklace which is one of my absolute
favorites and I absolutely adore it and
my friends have all now bought it too so
it's kind of like a bestfriend thing
which I love but then John Barrett did
her attention to my shirt which is the
earth whale shirt which I was wearing
which I created after one of the most
beautiful and pure moments of enthusiasm
I have ever seen on the Internet and
then we talked about whales and how I
would to see a whale and
how I must see a well and how when I see
a whale I will say yes well and it will
be a beautiful moment and yeah is
absolutely fantastic it was the most
wonderful few minutes and I wish that
for you with anyone who you admire and
you want to meet and I hope that you
have those opportunities to say the
things you want to say and even if you
don't say
all the things that you're thinking
afterwards and what the things you wish
you'd said or wish you hadn't said it's
I think enough to be able to be in the
same room as that person sometimes I
don't know I have those feelings about
my friends as well as about people I
really look up to you and you've created
things I love and I think part of that
is because my friends are people I look
up to and have created things I love but
that's also because I'm fortunate enough
to just have met so many of the most
amazing people who were doing fantastic
things and what they're I know them for
two seconds or 20 years I'm kind of in
awe of humans sometimes I really am
there is a lot of tremendous creativity
and drive and passion and enthusiasm in
everyone that we meet and I think that
that is beautiful but then Taylor
invited us to watch the show with her
parents which was so so sweet of her so
we got to watch the show from this
section just at the end of the stage
which is kind of just directly behind
the pit in front of the sound board and
it was unbelievable the show itself is
unbelievable the extent of which I
couldn't stop thinking of Taylor Swift
is like the ringmaster and this being
her stage and this being in the place
where she performs but it also being the
place where she gets people really
excited about what they're about to see
and then that's also part of what
they're seeing I couldn't stop thinking
of it in those terms and that was in
between the moments when I was just
losing my mind dancing and singing and
sometimes crying a little bit I
definitely let a few slip there's a
moment when Taylor is on this crane
situation she was talking about how she
found inspiration and found comfort in
music and in books and she gave John the
absolute kind of shout out I could never
do it justice but I said on Twitter
afterwards that my heart cracked open
with pride when she said that like I'm
always proud to be his friend but that
moment was a really amazing moment I'm
running out of adjectives
this appointment if I like a very simple
powerful moment and there were many many
simple powerful moments even though it
was a stadium full of people even though
everyone knew every word even there
there was just joy and excitement and so
much going on it was at the heart of it
that feeling you get when you hear a
song that you love and it's something
that's important to you and a song in
the case of clean that always makes you
cry and this song in the case of New
Romantics that makes you scream at the
top of your lungs that you could build a
castle at would have bricks they threw
at you like that feeling I won't forget
it I won't forget it
it was incredible night we were able to
meet her parents who are absolute
sweethearts and I I am feeling the
electricity of the joy that that night
gave me for everything for the actual
reality of what the night was but then
also for the kindness from everyone
around me the relationship that night
it's like electricity in my body right
now it really is I just yeah but I hope
that I've done it some justice and
little at least and I hope that you will
have many many nights to come
where you can celebrate the things that
you love with people you love but also
that you have many many of these
wonderful smaller nights where you have
your favorite album playing and your
favorite song comes on and you're just
trying to turn a coronet into crisps
thank you to Taylor thank you to your
amazing team thank you to your parents
thank you to John and Sarah for the best
birthday present I could have asked for
I'm absolutely spoilt rotten and you all
made me feel so loved and now I will
resume normality on this flat tour
coming soon I filmed it but then I got
more stuff to be continued and comments
that sort about the people that you most
enjoy meeting and the people that you're
excited to and want to meet - going
forward my answer for the latter and
this is also gonna sound cheesy is every
single one of you whether you comment we
can recount or you've never commented
before whether this is your 600 and some
things video of mine or whether this is
your first I want to meet as many of you
as I can I do
and like have conversations rather than
being a blur rakonin and rushing by so
let's see what we can do and I will
speak to you all in comments bye
Oh
