hello this video was commissioned by pan
macmillan by my friend Amy at pan
McMahon who sent me an email that
actually sent Tara down my spine and not
because she was forcing me to accept
payment to talk about books which I love
no nothing like that it was because it
used the word meditation I have a real
fear of the word meditation it is a deep
set fear like deep inside my stomach it
gives me panic it makes me stressed out
I don't like it years of therapy still
can't figure this out I hear the word
meditation and I channel Dudley Dursley
and I say shot and there is something I
understand about it right I don't even
think it's meditation itself it's the
whole culture around it it's that weird
superiority that I think comes with it
and it's someone else telling you what
you're not doing right with your life I
think that that is something that has
been inherent to the way we've talked
about meditation in recent years but
there is another N word that has been
making the rounds recently and that's
mindfulness there's mindfulness coloring
books and it's all about mindfulness in
your daily life but the email from know
me and Pam I arrived at the end of the
bananas work period that has been this
summer have I mentioned it only about
five thousand times 24 hours of
mindfulness is actually a nice short and
it's also free a lot in my day-to-day
life and sometimes online as well I
talked a bit about I need to slow
moments down so slow down the instant
purchase and so down there's moments
where we think that something is default
realize that we actually have control
over the way we decide to do something
we have control over our dresses one of
the things that I really liked about
this short and that had me emailing know
me back like yes I'll do it was that
it's really an invitation to notice
things and it's an invitation to slow
moments down so the short kind of time
starts it starts in the morning goes
through the day and I try to do the same
things with my day and at the end of
each time stamped section there's a
little prompt like asking you questions
I try to do this very consciously for
one day yesterday and I think it turned
out really well here are some things
that really resonated with me so even if
I shorts aren't your thing you can still
make like something useful in it via me
via this channel that is made so when I
read physical books i scribble notes and
margins when I read ebooks I normally
read them on my computer and I
have a word document open so I can copy
and paste my favorite bits kind of turns
it into like a little poem or something
we just have to be open to the
possibility that we can use anything and
everything that we encounter in our day
to support our natural ability to be
aware com and wise I'm really into
kindness it's something that I don't
think I'm naturally very fine first my
instinct go super bored to being
critical and two something's been quite
harsh i have might be kind to yourself
poster that i decide i also have to be a
little kinder than you have to Costa
from we rely as curiosity and interest
enough to ask the question how can I
engage at this moment says to support
awareness calm and connection sometimes
this stuff sounds like someone else
would do it and that person would be
wearing lululemon yoga trousers leggings
what's the English word for them yoga
leggings I've been changed already all
I'm thinking is yoga pants but there's
something about these was that can
sometimes feel pretentious but in this
it all made a lot of sense to me I felt
the same when I actually read taking
that pan and add to pronounce his name
apologize the heart I'm standing it's
that something just connected you that
that make sense and this was something
that connected with me I'm definitely a
curious person I love the new google
feature we can type in I'm feeling
curious and it gives you a fact another
thing it really resonated with me was
that there was a big section on paying
attention to breathing and that the
author go so far as to say that he has a
post it on his computer just a big be on
it my mum has a tracking or to me which
is a like a hole in her throat and she's
got tubes and things in it helps her
breathe it's something that's very
normal to me but it also means that I
have a certain kind of hyper awareness
of her breathing and of my own breathing
and when I was a teenager especially I
became really aware of the moments when
my mom was a breathing and I hate to
just tell her breathe pray but more and
more fun i notice that i do the same i
would mimic those non breathing patterns
so I think any time you can notice your
breath without getting to that place is
a good thing another thing I really took
away from this was that you don't have
to like banish technology think about
that moment that you reach for your
phone but it's also when you're in
you're in
the new books is mad it's looking at
those emails and thinking of each email
as having come from a person who's just
trying to do their job the final thing I
mentioned which came up when i was doing
my 24 hours on mindfulness yesterday is
that it's not about memory it's about
spotting patterns I think that's pretty
much verbatim from the east shore itself
what are the patterns in my day whatever
things I do without thinking what are
the things that actually bring me life
and bring me happiness and make me feel
a bit calmer and make me feel a bit a
little curious making fit feel a bit
more interested in the world the
language of spotting patterns reinforces
the fact that it comes from you these
are your patterns this is your behavior
this isn't anyone elses you can't carbon
copy that I'd love to hear your thoughts
on this and also your thoughts on
meditation and mindfulness and things
like that and comments like does that
give you the shivers or is it helpful to
you let me know more oh I think next I
might do my flat tool so very exciting
yay
Oh
you
you
you
