I never really had those big wide-open
summers that you see in films I worked I
went on holidays that I saved up for and
I kind of gave myself all these weird
tasks even when I was young that someone
has never felt and cheated me I think it
feels empty to a lot of people growing
up my summers have become busier than
ever especially in the last couple of
years with the release of two films when
the fault in our stars was filming I
went out to Amsterdam to see the scenes
there and when paper towels is filming I
went to see the scenes filmed in the
abandoned many more it's weird to think
back then it's weird to explain what a
film is when you're seeing bits and
pieces of it when you're seeing drafts
of scripts and dailies and cool sheets
and all these little fragments of these
things when i'm seeing a scheduled for
one person who's one part of this huge
enterprise when it's so focused on
something but you don't know what that
something will be and what it will
become there were lots of other
youtubers there and it was like being
plucked out of my life for a moment into
this other life i was on two sides of
the thing at least on this trip you know
i was doing my job and then I was also
going to explore and experience it in
the same way that all the other
youtubers like Tyler and Hannah and Troy
and Ingrid were also invited to
experience it this kind of peek into
something you know like you've been led
into this this place that feels quite
secret that feels in its own way
abandoned that feels in its own way kind
of unfinished because you have all those
sets that don't have doors and that
don't have half the room and then
there's something complete about it
still because there's so much attention
to detail there's so much love put into
it it's a strange experience and then at
the end of the day it's work it seems
that need to be shot it's a
collaboration between everyone hired to
work on it I kind of felt like we were
foreign-exchange students visiting for a
year there are so many moments in the
Paper Towns film that I love my absolute
favorite is probably when hind kicks in
but the scenes especially with radar and
Angela are what I hope they would be and
more the joy of adaptations for me is
seeing someone play with this world that
I really love in these character
I love and see what they'll do with them
because it's like you're seeing a story
and you're seeing a text the way they
see it and when you go and watch a film
with friends or you go and have that
kind of communal experience and you talk
about it afterwards you're seeing things
to their lands and their perspective and
I think that's also why I liked watching
YouTube videos about films and things I
feel like this is something that John
may episode or someone else may have
said but every part of the film is
someone's interpretation on it it's not
you know just the directors cool there
are so many different facets to it I
love that the moment of creation is
never really over its kind of actively
always being created and actively always
been built upon and I think that every
part of discussion around something
someone has made makes it and it's not
that it makes it in a permanent way
that's going to us outlast us all I work
for John after all I know that
everything's going to die it's more
important than that it's more important
that immortality it's the process of it
and that's the real fun at least for me
so yeah I was really honored to be
invited behind the scenes and I know
that I probably should have made this
video in may or in June or in July but I
kind of wanted a moment of quiet in the
summer I wanted to be back at a place
where I could think about everything
that's happened especially in the past
couple of years for me professionally
seeing having the gift of seeing these
stories that I really love come to life
and having them come to life in all
sorts of different ways and in ways that
are familiar and unfamiliar to me where
I'm at at this precise moment on this
precise day is that it's really fun to
have so many avenues and opportunities
to explore storytelling like in every
aspect of our lives right now there are
so many opportunities to explore toric
storytelling whether that's still oral
storytelling or in print or on film or
in video games or in comics what an
amazing thing that we are able to create
these stories and these narrative
experiences and share them with one
another I don't know I don't know I
think I'm just feeling grateful today
which is appropriate looks I'm very
privileged very lucky and it's been a
hell
so there we go however I won't miss this
because this happens to me all the
freaking time so glad I mean as I've
said guys I would make such a good
beautiful go through it goodbye
Oh
