Alice was getting very tired of sitting
by the bank and of having nothing to do
once or twice share pictures with her
sister was reading but it had no
pictures or conversations in it and what
is the use of a book thought Alice
without pictures or conversations
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland was
first published in 1865 and this year
celebrates its one hundred and fiftieth
anniversary the story about a girl who
follows the rabbit and falls down a
rabbit hole has always been one of my
absolute favorites I think initially
what dreaming two eyes was her
stubbornness and this kind of curious
note on combination which may be
familiar to some of you who know me well
when I was really young I kind of saw
her as a sister to me and it's to
actually even think of it like that that
she has a place in my home even now
she's wearing my lush Oxford Street
opening-day soaps if she's on a mug he's
also in this set that my parents found
for me when I was a teenager I'd seen
this set which was a bowl Ida monk in a
plate and I went back for it but it had
gone and six months to a year later my
parents found it they tracked it down
through witches or wherever it was that
I found it and they gave it to me as a
Christmas present it's one of the
kindest things that they ever did for me
and it's one of the best surprises I've
ever had a thing earlier this year a
couple of weeks prior to moving my life
abroad and falling down a different kind
of rabbit hole as invited to attend an
Aston wonderland event at the Dorchester
this was to celebrate the Vivienne
Westwood edition of Alice in Wonderland
and a book chronicling the story of
Alice actually titled the story of Alice
walking that it certainly felt a little
out of place even though there were so
many of my people back bookpeople
internet people people who like drinking
champagne in the middle of the afternoon
also places like the Dorchester always
leave me with a bit of a neck ache
because I can't help looking up at
things like the chandeliers and
sometimes they have these amazing
paintings on the ceiling or the molding
or the detail just the amount of time
that someone has spent creating
something that most people probably
won't even look at that's always
intriguing to me especially when
ceilings are somehow designed in some
way to draw the outside in whether
that's through glass ceilings and light
coming through or some sort of depiction
of the sky or an enchanted ceiling you
know anything goes we were treated to
community and oh my goodness watch the
trees there were tiny cakes in the
shapes of hats and cross and the whole
ritual of opting to you makes you feel
like you're five years old again playing
with your friend Lucy in the garden
wearing a big fancy dress from the fancy
dress box and copying what everyone else
is doing I thought that when I would
turn 20 and 21 and 22 and 23 I would
stop feeling like I was just copying
everyone else that feeling never goes
away and it's kind of fun to play with
it an opportunities like afternoon tea
as a Brit I have of course been fasting
tea a few times I've meant to be around
Joey at Kensington Palace and then also
at kew gardens but always for a very
special occasion and this this felt like
a secret society in some way a
celebration of a story that has elastic
that has endured and maybe without
wanting to sound cheesy a celebration of
all stories the last one of the many
things I love about Alice's Adventures
in Wonderland is that she has allowed to
be anyone and everyone's Alice there's
no real sense of ownership no one likes
Alice more than someone else that's not
how she works there's space for all of
these Alice's however you imagine her
and I wonder whether that's just time
passing a hundred and fifty years
passing just as there a space for all of
these Hamlet's and all of these Lizzie
Bennett's or whether it's just that some
books and songs and plays draw that kind
of communal celebration anyway it was a
lovely afternoon a golden afternoon
thank you so much to everyone who's
commented on my video about silence just
when I'm not reading this video tonight
I'm fine going to go through and respond
but I've been just in wrapping myself in
all of your comments your comments have
been so fantastic I am so fortunate to
be part of this community I'm so
fortunate that all of you are so open
and I can't go on without sounding like
a really dry she greetings card but yeah
I just know that I am so grateful for
you all I'd love to hear what you think
about Alice in Wonderland and what you
think about some characters kind of
becoming everyone
and at what point characters open up to
everyone does that require some sort of
universal adoration or is that just time
passing and seeing what lasts and love
to know your thoughts and comments all
right speak to you soon goodbye what I
don't know what I'm doing right now but
it seems to have happened
