hello everyone so a couple weeks ago
Emily and I went to see far from the
madding crowd at the world premiere as
you probably know far from the madding
crowd is based on a book by Thomas Hardy
and the film also stars two of my
favorite actors Carey Mulligan and
Michael Sheen to be honest I felt a bit
trepidatious about this because I've
always felt like Thomas Hardy's women
especially his greatest women kind of
gives something with one hand and then
takes it with the other there's an
element of mockery sometimes in the text
that of course it's common to the era
but doesn't quite leave me feeling with
as much love for hardiest some others do
and maybe I've been too hard on Hardy
but that's just always been my
experience with the text with Carey
Mulligan at the helm however this film
shows a wild and strong bathsheba which
I absolutely adore she does of course
have an element of independence within a
system she's still subject to SEC social
norms that she's still kind of abides by
them in certain way that's not to say
that she wasn't still incredibly
progressive yeah the time kind of
experiences she was having many
interactions she was having with other
people and I would also say that in her
on-screen portrayal her kind of
progression from Bathsheba's delight and
wonder at independence and wildness and
her project to astonish you all to this
sort of disenchantment and weariness I'm
not becoming a tragic figure but
becoming someone who was really felt the
weight of the world on her and I was
really impressed by that I think that
that was one of the strongest
achievements of the film for those of
you who don't know the story or far from
adding crowd and a kind of light and
water method she on about it's a story
of ever reversing fortunes and changing
fortunes and situations in which a woman
is given a certain amount of agency and
protection in a way that she would not
necessarily be given in the normal
social order of the day
bachelor seeks independence and she
cannot quite stomach the idea of
marriage whenever she talks about
marriage she talks about it in terms of
taming and taming herself as a wild
thing in spite or perhaps because of her
reluctance marries she attracts many
seizures three in particular over the
course of several years and
Gabriel oak Frank Troy and William
Boldwood it's a period Java it's a
countryside drama but there will system
incredibly funny moments and meant quite
a bit of tragedy William Boldwood he's
played by Michael Sheen it's bit of a
caricature but it's pretty funny one so
I think that his moments really do serve
as a sort of comic relief to the story
into the tragedy there are a few women
in far from the madding crowd with
speaking parts other than Carey Mulligan
including Gino temples character and the
woman who works closely with Carrie
Mulligan's character but their stories
feel a lot like subplots and that's a
lot to do with I think the way Bathsheba
looks out in the world but also because
there's this focus on these three men
these three leading men I think I know
what this has to do with the filmmakers
desire to show bathroom as someone's
standing out or something different and
I do think that mainstream media film
especially has kind of struggled to do
this in a way other than showing that
women is the only woman on screen
because if something is kind of like
people would be confused if there were
more than women it's like when who's the
love interest or who's the one who were
supposed to root for who's the one I'm
supposed to be excited about who's the
one who's independent who's the one
who's leading the way in a lot of ways
they're sort of lack of representation
on-screen it's easy symbolism they left
so because she's a white woman as well
in this story she's the quote-unquote
woman that matters I think in the
context of so many other films that we
see throughout the year that can just
feel really tired at times and I wish
that filmmakers would make a bit more of
a push to give bigger roles to other
women in storylines and if they're not
in the original text to include them and
kind of inflate them and even give lines
that were given to men in those texts to
the women also at this point worth
pointing out the book was written by
Thomas Hardy the screenplay was written
by David Nicholls the film was directed
by Thomas Vinterberg
and the two producers were both men to
that being said the film begins with her
Jos Bathsheba and her horse and the land
she's enjoying herself she's enough as
she is she's not seeking validation she
is hungry and curious and physically
toiling and I didn't get made the case
for Bachelor as an independent woman as
a
feminist hygiene regularly describes
Bathsheba and animalistic terms the
caged leopard for example but he also
describes her as excited wild and honest
as the day having seen the film now it's
hard for me to imagine seeing anyone but
Carey Mulligan bring bus troopers
honesty to screen in part because Carey
Mulligan herself gives honest
performances you know like use you watch
on TV and it feels like you're watching
however the theater and there's a
possibility of eye contact that isn't
mediated by a lens like this and isn't
mediated by anything else and that's
what I love about caring only those
performances because they're directly to
you and they're directly to who she's
interacting with there's something
almost tangible about that I think that
Carey Mulligan herself said is that
Bathsheba hasn't yet made her mask when
we are able to be open when we have the
luxury of naivety and when we can be
honest we don't have kind of shame or
that sense of expectation tying us down
in the same way there have been several
event Asian so far from the madding
crowd over the years but this adaptation
particular provides a shift of focus and
in framing it around gabriel oak the
film itself values partnership over
ownership of the madding crowd explores
abusive relationships of that sudden
loss of power and of agency betrayal as
well I think having such little dialogue
from other one in the film meant that
they function a bit more as science and
you don't quite believe it when a
decision is made out of supposed to
jealousy because it feels a bit thin
that that interaction with other woman
would be like that it feels like it's
kind of a cliche and an excuse and a
shortcut made that but women being put
in a position where they function of
size is not a problem exclusive too far
from the madding crowd far from it and
in the face of the story with three male
leads there really was just one woman to
rule them all so if you've seen it
you've read it I'd love to hear your
thoughts and I said today if you haven't
seen it already then just your thoughts
in general just get it just throw those
thoughts my way and we'll discuss more
and comments that's it for today see you
go teen Bay
