today is very exciting day for me
because I am outside the alligator's
mouth just to cook shop for joan's book
shop that my friends from the line you
mean conducted after our beloved lining
on and closed down and it's such an
amazing space is quite like there's just
the most fantastically curated shelters
and actions in children's books and yeah
comics charity if you're looking for it
and you are enrichment then at lip from
Tesco's and it's in the little arrow
next to Tesco if you know which mean
that's why do blondes used to be but
it's big beautiful white shot the useful
sign that says books hello I'm Tony West
I am margaret weis Joe we're just doing
this which we we've just gotten recently
and it's tony says it looks really pink
and as though it's going to pan too
sparkly unicorn mania but it doesn't it
totally subverts that we like we have
lots of fun stuff like that in the fame
in the same vein there is a very
wonderful young girl she's always saying
the world with with gum it's a very
empowering and by like this really just
feminist era of graphic novel exactly
it's going there's there's a lot of that
different meats and gently eating
rabbits i think in there that's another
one yeah we love my teva but my tearling
princess decomposers Andy what sins
latest we've left our bestsellers and
our vessels are many and strange like
battle bunny bunnies subversive and just
in time for Easter I'm just in time for
Easter completely know your world you
ain't no fairy find that everywhere yeah
because actually haven't seen in losses
no had visions and people hits that
coming and saying they haven't seen it
so that's what we're trying to do and we
did a little we did a little row there
of books about books to amuse also cuz I
can cuz I sure you can do you want to
learn us so now I'm in the picture book
section Greenway short list right here
with my faith Sean tab there's also this
great Shackleton's journey which is kind
of like pencil drawing lots of blue in
really nice shape but really factual
recited geek section science and
philosophy for geeks of all ages there's
Richard Scarry section I mean everything
you could dream of really so exciting
but this is reality these are some of my
favorite titles the baby lip books we've
got Moby Dick board book and play set so
that your child can enjoy the great
white wall of whale Frankenstein they're
great everybody sings telephone retold
in pictures you're amazing he publishes
that frances lincoln
oh come back
times G
feel like a new
we just don't wanna be forgotten
you
ties the cheapest found
