hello friends these are all books by
Patrick Ness who was one of my favorite
writers and Walker books who publishes
books have invited me to interview
Patrick Ness very very very soon but
also to reveal the cover of his newest
book the rest of us just live here which
is that August I'm so excited about this
because I went along to the Walker
Brooks blogger vlogger brunch thing when
they talk what through with any titles
I'm saw a video Patrick talking about
his new book and it just sounds
absolutely fantastic and I'm just like
oh so excited to read it I'm going to
need your help coming up with questions
about the new book so there's a tumblr
post that Patrick's written with some
information about the book to help you
come up with questions and then also
we're going to be doing some bookish
would you rather which if you haven't
seen before are questions really popular
in the booktube community and their
questions like would you rather have to
eat every single book after finishing it
or forget every single book after
finishing it so it's all happening
really soon I will need your questions
and your bookish would you rather spy
februari the fifth which is this
thursday you can send them in by leaving
them in their comments below and you can
also tweet them to me hit me with a
hashtag aryana hashtag the rest of us
and that's it I look forward to reading
through your questions soon goodbye this
is the part I'm going to hold up more
than this so that you can click on the
video in which I review it if you wish
we're trying to create some sort of
rectangular shape here
