hello we are nearing the end of my least
favorite month of the year which is nice
because it gets all the bad stuff out of
the way quickly but to be honest I'm
feeling like this I'm feeling inspired
and overwhelmed and inspired livewell of
them inspired live world and inspired
and overwhelmed and back and forth and I
think that's partly to do with not being
honest with myself and not allowing
myself to not be okay there are a lot of
double negatives than that but basically
it's okay to not be okay as they say
going internet over the last couple of
years my friends and I earn lots of new
friends amazing big supportive network
of friends many of you were women have
one of this incredible journey of self
belief self confidence and being aware
of the things that have really damaged
us over the years being aware of the
things societal individual that have
held us back making an active decision
to find a way to heal from that and to
progress from that and also to take some
of those things and just put them over
there outside of our wonderful life
existence bubble thing but I feel like a
lot of the time when we present that
stuff to you guys you see it and you see
it in blog posts and tweets and things
like that on the one hand it can be a
good route to saying you can do this too
but then on the other hand it also feels
like this unattainable expectation this
unattainable high like we're having all
the time and that we love ourselves all
the time and that a whole life charged
by this current of self-belief and a lot
of ways they are but there's still so
many mornings when I wake up and I think
I can't do anything I am an absolute
fave
I am so inadequate I am so terrible I am
horrible I'm ugly I am the worst person
in the world I am NOT an expert anything
everyone hates me all of this stuff like
that stuff is something that I don't
know whether it ever goes away but I do
think that there are ways of learning
not to pay attention to it but I also
would say that just because you're still
having those thoughts and just because
you're still feeling that way doesn't
invalidate the amount progressive you've
made in your life and it doesn't mean
that you're not truly a self-confident
or that you don't truly have that
self-belief there are just a lot of
doubts constantly when you're asserting
yourself that doubt is just absolutely
everywhere and you don't realize how
agreed it is until you start fighting it
off and when you're fighting off its
like that was like really stubborn and
they just wants to get in there and it
just once and remind you that it's there
even though it's struggling and you're
getting rid of so many quantities of it
so it gets more terrifying they're like
fights for its life in it comes back
lash that you and tells you know you're
actually terrible it's not just because
you're thinking in the wrong frame of
mind it's because there's something deep
down in you that is terrible that is a
failure that it's an adequate all of
that stuff and I think that sometimes we
don't talk about that side of the
charity and having these kind of honest
conversations with yourself but while
you're feeling that way not to get too
introspective or too self-involved but
look that again me saying that just then
it's me doubting myself and thinking I
sound so self involved in this video I
just sound like someone who's obsessed
talking about herself but I think that
thinking about these things and taking
that doubt or taking wherever it is that
is getting into your head whether it's
someone else's toys whether it's the
voice of what you've heard over the
years whether it's just some what you
feel is some kind of entire learn
adequacy
that putting it over there and
recognizing it and recognizing what
needs you to think in that way I think
that's very useful when you come up
against other fears and anxieties that
you didn't really know or realize you
had so for example my overwhelmed sighs
it where I really manifest itself in my
upper back that's probably partly
because I spend most of the day hutch
the computer like this but I also think
that there is something to like the
albatross and carrying the weight and
carrying the burden and having just
something out of reach that you can't
quite fix almost like the tricksters
beetle and dr. hood I woke up and I say
why am I feeling this way and I had four
or five different things jump out at me
and I paid attention to each one and
address them and address how I was going
to tackle that problem now this isn't
always possible because something can be
so deeply integrate into your life or so
nebulous you can't quite hold on to it
so hold on to what you can do and tackle
those problems and that itself is an
achievement and then having tackled that
I think will give you the skills to
tackle the bigger stuff will give you
the skills to have the courage to ask
someone else to help you tackle the
bigger stuff whether that's through
therapy through chatting to a friend so
I had a lot of different worries and all
this
stuff and a lot of it was financial
taxes and stuff the biggest and most
unexpected one which has actually come
up in conversation with a lot of friends
over the past few weeks or so is that
expectations thing is scrolling through
Instagram scrolling through blogs and
watching videos and seeing these little
windows and other people's lives and you
know factually that is a tiny section of
the life you don't really know anything
about it not really or at least you know
bits of it and bits of a tree to share
with you and yet sometimes that stuff
makes me feel so inadequate I was
talking to someone about scrolling
through Instagram and looking into
people's amazing home and these shots
that are just so well put together and
they look like a show home but how does
someone live like that and if they're
pictures of this put together it must
mean that their life is really put
together and they don't have this chaos
in their brain they don't have this
immense anxiety about things and they
don't feel inadequate or if they do feel
inadequate if it's a different kind of
inadequacy because they're not really an
adequate they know and they can dismiss
it whereas I am actually inadequate and
my whole brain is telling me this and
that's where it goes we've been put up
with images images of that to sell us
things and the images of that sure was
want a life is lacking and that's kind
of advertising that's how advertising I
think work I read this somewhere i think
it's based on a study but i'm gonna do
some research and find out if this pixel
study then i'll link it in the
description bar below but if you create
a positive feeling with an advert then
it's much more successful than if you
create a negative feeling with an advert
so it's not just about making you feel
ugly and terrible and all of this stuff
it's about making you think I could have
that life I want that life
to kind of experiencing one that's the
kind of feeling I want that's how we
respond to images and then it's also
stopping yourself respond to these
things as for the solution to get me to
be in that comfortable controlled happy
space is to buy the thing in this
picture or is to have a lifestyle like
the person in this picture even though
you don't even really know fits their
lifestyle because it's all put together
and framed and you know maybe they just
want to take a nice picture so it's just
all of that stuff is still going on like
we haven't somehow managed to squash
those things we're just still on this
road and we're kind of sharing the
lessons that we've learned and you're
sharing the lessons that you've learned
with us and I think that we are all
making progress and I just wanted yeah
just because I know those doubts get
into everyone's head some more than
others so I just want to be honest about
ramba you know where I'm at in the world
okay goodbye I didn't even know what
school and okay this is your own
