today I'm going to talk about a book
called euphoria the cover design was
about chin Nilay whose name I have
completely mispronounced my apologies
and a photograph itself was by
Christopher Martin photography and the
way that this picture is taken and I
guess the way its color acted afterwards
as well makes it feel like the paint is
like actually coming off the page and
you could feel it and touch it and then
also this euphoria is raised and it's
this really great gritty paints or
handwriting and it will just work so
well together it's such a beautiful
beautiful book and I inscribed at least
two of three times its setting what was
then the territory of New Guinea and
around the 1930s early 1930s the story
follows three anthropologists who are
very mindful of the fact that they've
left a while behind recovering from war
but then otherwise they're quite apart
from society and apart from the goings
on dude these anthropologists are a
couple that's nel and fed and they met
aboard a ship while they were travelling
and they had this kind of whirlwind
romance your expectations of what their
dynamic would be like in that time
period of shaking really quickly because
it's made very clear that now is
actually very successful she's published
this book that has had a huge response
everyone knows her name for better or
for worse she says some quite
contentious things and fan has a very
different interaction were the
communities with which they integrate
themselves in the territory of New
Guinea now so there are a lot of tribes
in this novels lots and lots of
different tribes and you hear of
different tribes that these three people
have experienced the third guy and the
person from whose feet shut up the third
guy and the person from his perspective
we hear most villanova is Andrew Bankson
and he has been travelling and working
by himself for a couple of years now
so he craves companionship but when he
sees an Ellen fan he is kind of
magnetically attracted to them and just
and needs to be in their bubble
temporarily at least an Ellen fan do
live in a bubble even when they go to
these tribes and study them the
indigenous people felt in my house that
mimics a house you might find in America
or Britain at the time so there's
certainly not entirely likable people
and you come into it with an awareness
that a lot of what they're doing is
incredibly intrusive and even though
this is set in the 1930s you really have
that vibe of like enlightenment
classification and how everything you
should be classified in order to
understand its relationship
- the white individual as kind of the
norm and the center area logo centric
thinking that said the way into the
novel I think is the self-awareness
which all through the presents in some
some degree I guess banks and I would
say possesses at the most he does a
better job of integrating himself as
much as you can but they do make the
comment that whatever they're learning
is a dynamic that has changed with their
present so they're not there's no
understanding of what it was like
without them they're because they're not
they don't have a way into that because
they see themselves as going in and
finding out the information and talking
to people and finding out from their
experience but of course has the dynamic
that shifts when you have someone new at
the community and someone very other and
sometimes treated like a god and
sometimes just treat it like a dev or
like someone who plays a very symbolic
role when they come into that community
they privilege their own voices they all
have some sort of respect on different
levels with the communities and that's
essential as well I don't think this
book would be as compelling if they were
entirely disrespectful but they display
their disrespect in ways that I guess
wouldn't be initially obvious to them
but as a reader you come and you
question them you say well actually
that's really my stuff they did this or
that they function this way in terms of
general themes of the novel I said the
most central ones are solitude and the
darkness that comes with that but then
companionship and the darkness that
comes with that
it's kind of The Associated bad sides of
everything and and of human experience
even when it's not explicitly stated
there's a lot to do with site and and
vision and how sometimes when you're
looking at a community or as an
anthropologist when you go out and you
look at the community what you're
actually doing is looking at yourself
and what you say about them says more
about yourself the way you record it as
well on the way you share that
information to what use it's put as well
the story is being told retrospectively
there are allusions to the second world
war and allusions to how the Brits and
the Americans and the Japanese treated
the territory of New Guinea in the years
to come but even if the 1930s all the
territories or the life between the wars
wasn't really the kind of thing that
interests you I would encourage you to
read it because it does feel very
current the voice is very current I was
really taken aback where how quickly I
raced through it but then also the
strange feeling that came after reading
it that was euphoria by Lilly Kane at
the UK I just hit myself in the head
goodbye
