hello everyone so halloween is coming up
you might be looking for some Halloween
reads I have some Halloween reads to
give so let's get started the first
we're going to talk about today a few
people have mentioned already on the
book cheese because it's been quite
popular and quiet books are always quite
popular because they're so good and
they're so well presented you might be
thinking that book looks like an IKEA
catalog but it's actually an Oscar
catalog sort of the story the story's
inside as well in the effing pages it
shows you the store plan it shows you
how you navigate this kind of scandi
style store and at the beginning of each
chapter is an item that may or may not
relate to the narrative and may or may
not get increasingly creepy the premise
of this is story boys working a night
shift which anyone who's worked in
retail can probably identify with and I
think that was also a huge way into the
book for me because there's someone
whose work to reach out there's a lot
about company branding like the lies
they tell not the lies they tell by the
way they spin everything and for how the
layout of the shop works to mess with
your brain as an employee but also
really more than anything kind of molds
the customer experience and how that is
in some ways a bit like foucault but the
character who I would say is probably
the protagonist is a me and she's
wonderful because she's a pathetic but
she's not too apathetic you know when
you get those narrators who kind of hate
the life and hate it bit too much new
just one punch in the face because they
sound sound grateful with her it's a bit
less like that like it's not too much
but you definitely get the sense that
this is someone who is ready to move on
and do other things and sees this to
reach out job as like something that's
holding her back and sees it as kind of
a prison to space it's kind of a present
so if you're looking for something that
will scare the crap out of you this
isn't the book but if you're looking for
an enjoyable horror reading experience
but I think this is the one for you a
book that I actually just finished this
morning and really basically read this
morning because I read it in one sitting
with shadow and bone which is sort of
magical and fantasy at the same time
definitely a lot to do with like
inherited magic and inherited skills
which in turn makes me think of God Nick
so that's kind of been on the brain ever
since I got the opportunity to interview
him these two kids as with all your kids
of age in their world in their area are
tested to see whether or not they have
these magical skills or they have these
gifts and thus this is kind of like in
the prologue and then five pages later
you flash forward 10 years and you find
that they're in the army they don't have
these magical skills but they're very
very skilled at other things it's hard
to really say more than that because
there's a lot of twisting this book
twists and turns fantastically it really
took me by surprise on a number of
occasions it's very conscious of I guess
the conventions of the team genre and
more really of the conventions of teen
experience and what teenage girls in
particular are expected to experience it
does spin it like in some ways that
really surprised and impressed me but
again can't really go into too much more
detail from that the world is really
well built but it is quite a small world
it's quite contained this one you must
have all know I've definitely talked
about in the past which it's been able
to star by Maureen Johnson but living in
East London and running into Jack the
Ripper tours constantly I feel like this
is definitely gonna be my Halloween week
reread and then there's the supernatural
enhancements which I wouldn't classify
really as why a or kind of is anything
it's like a multimedia experience a lot
of ways transcripts of audio video
recordings and part of it is you trying
to solve these clues and put everything
together the crux of the story is that
this guy has inherited this house and
all its belongings absolute absolute
wealth from this second cousin twice
removed but the particular strange thing
is that the person from whom he's
inheriting has died in exactly the same
way as his father had died 30 years
prior and that's by committing suicide
by throwing himself out the window
there's a lot of other strangeness the
secret societies that's freaky dreams
there's a lot of ciphers that's
cryptography and all of that element I
very much enjoyed reading but there was
something about the dynamic between the
guy who inherits all the wealth and his
sidekick knees Nev is a super fast
thinker I think she's 17 years old she's
selected me I said that she's the one
that does more of the problem solving
but his relationship to her sometimes is
just incredibly weird and it made me
kind of uncomfortable and sort of made
me wish the story walk eat to her
perspective and that you'd yeah you had
more of like her diary entries rather
than his just because there was
something about Dinah
making that tension there that just
didn't quite work for me and then I
smoking weed to talk about the cure for
dreaming by Kat winters about this girl
whose dad is kind of a tyrant but one
day on Halloween which is her birthday
she goes to see an illusionist perform
and because it's her birthday she's
invited up on stage turns out there when
she comes back to reality that this
illusion is stood on her body when she
was rigid as a plank on stage which
causes much scandal the book is set in
Portland Oregon a time of the suffragist
movement and Olivia me the main
character suffers a lot from angry
outbursts and she is very sympathetic
and believes I think quite strongly in
the suffragist movement but her father
is very gangster and her father finds
out that she was at a suffragist protest
in order to control her he hires the
hypnotist of whom he's heard so much
about since he invited his daughter up
onstage on her birthday to hypnotize her
into not saying things and not bursting
into anger so the book uses hypnosis and
illusion that had a very dark mystical
dark magical element to the realities of
women under men's control and under men
who thought that they should not have a
voice and should be silent and women as
well that's a recurring theme throughout
the book the women that were against
suffrage and thought that it was a
terrible thing I feel that the book was
kind of eighty percent there which is a
shame like a would have liked it to a
bit further but I still really enjoyed
it so please let me know your Halloween
recommendations in comments whether
that's why a children's adult whatever
it could be I'll see you all wednesday
when i'll be talking about my trip to
the harry potter studio tour to see
their new dark heart stuff and yeah okay
see you guys in comments bye
