I feel like part of my back to school
video wasn't honest this video might be
triggering for anyone with an eating
disorder so if you're I'm sure I would
prefer if you didn't watch and just pick
yourself first just in case but I think
a lot and write a lot and obsess a lot
as so many of us do about booties and
I've spoken a bit about it elsewhere but
very rarely on YouTube
eating disorders were absolutely r√Ωfat
my secondary school especially in my
year and in my group of friends they
were absolutely everywhere and even for
people who didn't have what I guess
would be termed a clinically diagnosed
eating disorder it affected everyone on
some level and the other side of this is
that when I get hate when I see hate
director at other people it is almost
always about bodies it is words that are
toxic and words that are hateful and
words that are only used to make people
feel like about themselves and the
way they look and the way that they are
so anyway so I know a lot of you will be
going back to environments that are a
bit toxic and aren't necessarily helpful
and also just day-to-day life can
sometimes feel toxic and fill unhelpful
when you feel really insecure about your
body or when you're struggling with an
eating disorder so I thought I'd share
some things that have helped me from not
saying they'll help everyone and I'm
standing you're not saying that they're
cures but I hope they I hope you find it
something useful in them so number one
spend a good amount of time focusing and
thinking about what your body is for who
your body serves when you come to this
conclusions by yourself it makes
everything else they're going to talk
about so much easier and if you have
sort of that ongoing discussion going on
in the back of your mind and thinking
about things in really rational terms it
really helps with the irrational parts
of what you're struggling with it's
number two something I only picked up
from one of my favorite youtubers video
the other day make actions come from a
points of love rather points of fear and
think about those instances when actions
have come from points of fear in the
past and how that turned out
often badly at least in my case number
three running trampolining swimming etc
not to make you lose weight and not
focused on losing of weight or burning
of calories but doing these things as an
expression of kindness to yourself an
expression of freedom of expressing your
body in itself and a feeling of body
grow powerful than before being vocal
about what's acceptable there are people
in my life who I love very dearly and I
who I know you love me very much but who
affects my well-being very negatively
when they talk to me about food and when
they talk to me about my body this can
make it feel like any progress I've made
is slipping away and it can
you more likely to grasp but other
things desperately at other behaviors or
other modes of being that aren't as
healthy the solution to this for me has
been laying out things in plain terms
usually an email because I find that a
lot easier to kind of put all my things
out there rather than trying to have an
in-person conversation and getting
really stuck with it so for me for
example it's things like making it clear
that I don't find it acceptable for
other people to point out the calories
and the food I'm eating that yeah I just
don't find that helpful or useful or
healthy and that really feels like
you're taking the power back of it and
it feels like you're demanding respect
for yourself
I feel body because those are the same
thing and if those people don't respect
that then em they're not worth it
they can come back when they're ready to
respect you when they're ready to
respect your body that is you know if I
have all of this comes from a place of
honesty with yourself and that can be
really really hard to achieve I'm not
there yet but I'm getting there and how
I've got there is by finding people to
be honest with and finding outlets for
honesty also finding people who are
qualified to do with your honesty and
qualified to help you work through
things like therapy number six I'm gonna
repeat this later but be kind to
yourself number seven I do think that
apart from clinically relapse is the
first term you can't ever go back to
where you were before you don't lose the
progress that you've made before you
don't delete it or a razor you are still
progressing it is a really sad thing
that can happen you can really struggle
with it and of course you all kind of
brain start to feel like an enemy and
like it's fighting against you but it's
just part of the journey out of it and
nothing erases the progress you make
being kind to yourself will really help
with this number eight there are nearly
seven billion people in the world I
think that's where the numbers are right
now saying that 50% of those people
should aspire to look like one person or
even a thousand different people that is
absurd and that is truly criminal
especially when we're not even saying
you should look like that person but you
should look like a photo of that person
or you should look like a video of that
person and in those cases these people's
hair makeup lighting clothes absolutely
everything that's been chosen for them
and they are still told that it's not
good enough or shown that it's not good
enough through airbrushing or through
literally chopping off pieces of their
body to put them on magazine cover so ya
don't that's just and once you
kind of have somewhere in your hair
again that is complete it does
help dismantle some of the other things
that are at work in your life and don't
work to make you feel about this big
number nine doesn't work everyone but
really works for me cooking I think is
fantastic if I enjoy what you make and
if possible by local or through a
vegetable garden because I think it
really helps you understand at flu
doesn't arrive in this kind of enemy
shrink-wrapped state it's real food its
life that has been nourished and has
been grown in the same way that we need
to be nourished and grown I know that we
were all not current but sometimes it
helps if you think of yourself
like a carrot or if you understand where
it comes from or especially if you grow
a carrot from a seed I start to really
care about my plants and I really really
care about my vegetable garden I feel
very protective over her and number 10
be kind to yourself I love you I want
you to love you too so please please
please please please be kind to yourself
