today is back to school day for wizards
and i have to say i am a bit jealous I
kind of missed that first week of sep
tember feeling I miss going to WH Smiths
and picking out my pencil case or when I
was in my first year of secondary school
going to the cool korean stationery shop
and picking out the coolest blue bear
pencil case i was getting my timetable
and funny out who my teachers were and
if I'd been stuck with any rubbish one
and working out when PE was so I could
schedule as many orthodontist
appointments as possible in that time
period PE the only thing worse than the
orthodontist I missed getting the books
and the highlighters and the yearly
reminders that tippex was just not
permitted banned substance and then in a
sec form everything felt a little bit
cooler because you had those ring
binders and you had note paper and you
carried a hole punch with you everywhere
maybe that was just me actually
definitely just me the strange pride to
be taken in saying towards the end of my
first year at secondary schools revising
for my end of year exams felt very
important somehow the obligatory
complaints about having to put the
uniform on and my skirt is falling apart
but I can't buy a new one because there
would be so horribly long the peculiar
invocation to a new year that is the
assembly despite the fact that it's
September I feel like I'm still
structuring my life around the structure
of school I still feel like September's
in a year and a new time in a way that
January really isn't for me and I still
feel like summer holidays are like a
sacred time but everything you know for
like 18 to 20 years of your life how
could it not be really but then quickly
of course and you can see this if you go
back to my videos because i started
making them when i was so much younger
all too quickly overwhelmed stressed so
much homework felt so behind but so
they're not doing you're not without
need to be doing more too many
extracurriculars too many things on the
brain so much drama and nonsense and
particulars bad bad choices so many
things I felt like I wouldn't come back
from that people wouldn't forget or that
I would never ever ever stop regretting
and I'm here now and I still look like
at that time with some fondness and I
don't feel that sick feeling in my
stomach when I think about what I said
to so and so what I found out about
so-and-so that stuff goes it done and
you learn I think I hope
not to overload yourself in that way if
you were also a hermione type you
learned that next year you probably
won't use the time tab but then I've
also been thinking a lot recently about
how lucky I was to be in I was in this
one secondary school for seven years all
girls in a lot of ways it was tough and
it was very competitive teachers and
pupils alike were kind of pushy in some
ways and that led to people being very
stressed out and not very kind to
themselves and there wasn't enough
emphasis on self care but it was in so
many ways a really safe space very lucky
took one to a school where I felt safe
and to have friends in whose friendship
groups I felt safe and that I could sit
here now and reminisce about buying
rubbers and pencil cases and rulers
sweeps we at school I hope you all had a
great train ride all the Hogwarts
Express i will see you on Wednesday
