I tried to make this video last night
but it wouldn't stick it felt like a
parody of myself somehow and then a
thousand unkindness is pile on so I
thought listen stop sleep try again in
the morning and Here I am it was a cold
night in Indianapolis
I slept in tracksuit bottoms and a
hoodie and woke up thinking of warm cups
of hot chocolate in some ways I think
that was the entire purpose of my making
mulled wine yesterday to warn those
parts of you there not only feel cold in
these months but they shrink away from
each other bring them all back together
and round your internal campfire except
the fire is wine and cloves and ginger
and nutmeg and star anise and cinnamon
sticks it makes me feel a bit witchy
making things like this and prove to
myself a bit that I don't need to buy
everything pre-made in London I usually
buy mulled wine out of a bottle on the
way to a friend's house we heat up on
the stove and peel delightfully fancy
for throwing in a few segments of orange
pinned with cloves but when you make it
yourself and I concede I did not grow
these oranges and lemons farm this sugar
nor spice anything myself
you put a foot down and find that the
ladder has a step below everything has
that bit more depth when you make it
yourself flavor and color and bits of
the time you've taken in it in making
something to your own specifications you
find out what those specifications might
be for me it's cloves
I love cloves I love their wittiness
and of the moon apples as in wine
terrible to bite into but sending a
warmth to all around I love fresh peel
to the little dots in it how strange and
plastic it becomes I know I pre-made and
premix exists it's for nights when time
is running low or when you're rushing
off to meet people in a park when maybe
you didn't have all of the stuff because
it's too expensive or because the
supermarket ran out what's exciting to
me about making things I've been used to
buying pre-made is yes the satisfaction
but also being brought closer to food
there's no recipe on the back of the
most pre-made things we buy to show you
exactly how to make it but make it you
can and then it stops being something
someone you don't know or maybe a robot
assembled over there and starts being
something you made here in your home in
a friend's home at a party or wherever
else you find yourself
