hi everyone today I'm going to talk
about the confidence code by Kelsey K
and Claire Shipman so basically in every
school growing up there as a kid here is
super confident it's at least one person
who just had this like amazing aura and
the distinction between all those
different things that we call confidence
that maybe isn't necessarily confidence
in and of itself is certainly made
inside the book so the confidence code
is nonfiction it's an exploration
through studies and anecdotes and just
general discussions and big ideas why
women are less confident or why they
seem less confident why they struggle
with confidence what's the gender
alignment to confidence levels among
women as kETK and claire shipman put it
there using the confidence gap as a lens
through which to explore why it is that
women don't lean in and why it is that
over and over and over again especially
in the working world it seems to be that
competence is kind of overshadowed by
confidence someone could be so much less
competent but because they have the
confidence that pushes them forward in
life that makes people like some more if
they use a lot of case studies that use
a lot of examples it's very well
researched footnotes are out you have
their anecdotes or their experiences and
because they're writing this book
together as well it sometimes comes
across strange because you know that one
of them is writing it but they still say
you know what Kathy feels this and
Claire feels this and it's like well
who's writing what's going on so
sometimes the voice was a bit strange
but it was a really great way to tie all
they research together structurally to
tied their personal progress together
and also to to ask some of the questions
I guess you would ask yourself reading
the book and openly admitting as well
you know the moments when they were
skeptical the moments when they were
annoyed really something like those
moments that talk about the chemical
differences in men's brains and women's
brains when you look at them on average
not so much differences in some ways as
biological tendencies or also just a
structural layer of the brain so this
book at least in its hardback
incarnation as it is right now
his geared towards people I feel like
you were already in the business world
and you were just like feeling like the
fluttering and not quite feeling on
their feet and also feeling like their
lack of confidence or their lack of
something that their self doubts at
their permanent and they can't be
changed one of the biggest things I took
away from this was the blister city of
the brain
things aren't rigid and that's why
cognitive behavioral therapy works
because your brain isn't rigid it can
move it can change it can learn
different
a views can grow just because there's a
genetic maybe maybe there's a genetic
makeup to your confidence and your
inclination towards confidence and
different strands of those genes and
what confidence breaks down into and you
look at those genes doesn't mean you
can't change and you can't grow and you
can't learn from yourself
so throughout there are various attempts
to define confidence by these different
researchers some of the research was
animal testing this but it's always like
really put me off so I have power 3
there were some rats and some monkeys
getting electrodes and their brains and
things like that was just I do not
really like that much other research was
interesting coming out of it and one of
the really well-done explanations was
where and they were talking about the
first set of rat is that confidence or
one type of confidence or one small part
of many different types of confidence is
the belief that someone or some rat can
create a successful outcome throughout
its action part of that was having done
it before but that was the very
logistical side of it something you will
do will have a successful outcome but
there's a very emotional and feeling
sign of confidence for men and for women
that woman over there he's just
radiating confidence that to me has
always been very desirable in some way
but I have got myself getting more
confident as they get older they
interview all these very highly
successful women and women in the
military and when researchers and women
lecturers women CEOs and women
journalists and just every other
incarnation of women in the traditional
sense having success basically all of
those women exhibited traits of
self-doubt or talked about them in the
past general lack of confidence whether
that's tied to self-doubt or not for a
little while I thought that it was going
to be a generally decontextualized study
of confidence and how that functions
from genetic level and a research level
kind of ignoring the social situations
in which women and men are found and in
which those measures of confidence are
decided but of course that wasn't the
case yay whoo while for me at least the
confidence code black tie
intersectionality throughout the book as
I think it should and as I think
feminist discussions should because it's
an essential part of feminism and of
addressing this gender gap and over
dressing you know humans because we
don't exist in isolation we aren't just
women we aren't just men I do think the
studies were selected really well that
talked about how all the woman were
expected behave how younger women were
expected
behave women using their voices woman in
just physical space and just generally
the vernacular with which women are
expected to deal every single day the
u.s. Naval Academy for example in
Annapolis Maryland uses the town dumb
ugly bitches to refer to any female
serving in the military while the woman
profiled in that section he was
incredibly high ranking said that she
had stood up against it said that she
didn't want to be called that much you
don't like it there was still a culture
of kind of accepting it is just part of
that environment I like to focus on
perfectionism and yet mastery and that
feeling of mastery and that feeling of
progress and moving forward and learning
I think that it's very tight confidence
and very tied to whatever it is we give
out when we give out confidence and I
also think it's just good for yourself I
think having a feeling of mastery is
good for yourself if not understood in
kind of colonial terms I'm also a
shocked when I'm reminded and feel the
need to talk about it constantly when I
find out that the USA is one of three
countries in the whole world that has no
national maternity pay of some sort
you're allowed to 12 weeks off but it
doesn't have to be paid and the final
thing I really appreciated was that
throughout the book don't seem to be
trying to persuade to your east firm
conclusion it was a changing discussion
it was inviting me to be part of that
discussion there are constantly things
being found out about humans and
genetics and confidence of self isn't
the one step solution to confidence here
are some ideas here is research in the
field and here is why maybe it is agenda
driven confidence gap it's two hundred
three pages on I'm really interested to
hear your thoughts especially on brain
plasticity and that idea that your brain
isn't as rigid as we've been maybe
brought to think I will see you all on
Friday five
