it's been a while since I last went to
one but I remembered the broad outline
of music festivals swapping this for
this spending a lot longer than you
might think walking through campsites to
get there the woods that surround the
formerly grassy plain where latitude as
hell to remind me of the forest in
Deathly Hallows and then the lake and in
the background a lake stage with a huge
audience watching Sadler's Wells from
the grassy banks or bridge arriving in
streams of friendship groups and
families on parade finding creative ways
to stick together I spent much of my day
in the literary tent hearing a talk on
an extraordinary woman by the authors of
her brilliant career and of mrs.
Hemingway learning about Channel 4 News
is data baby project from jeff white
quantum physics from Professor David Tom
then walking walking walking
installations are plenty confused cheap
bridges that needed two exclamation
points with a few of the fantastic kids
section and it's curious with
instructors
signpost forest edges cocktails made
with Jim and food that sums me up then
chrissy and high the sisters i came to
see
and then too soon the journey home with
cold bare legs and a book because you
must always have a book
