I'm here today at cirencester hi I'm
Jane grievance I'm fiction commissioning
editor on the Childress picture slide
and simon chester i'm claire and the
year of the rat is my first ever model
so what's the release date on this
record first risk inform customers in
twenty fourth of eight so it's coming up
really so fun no pressure i would say by
the time this video goes up it should
actually either be out will be out kind
of the next day it has been a long
process then yes it has been a long
process i had the idea that but career
long time ago okay so two out so about
five years ago okay and but at the time
i was was pregnant was just about to
have my third baby in life as heck there
so i just didn't have much time to to
right at that point so the idea was
there a note kind of jotted down a few
scenes bones and really it wasn't until
about four three years later that I
signed up for the omega essentially a
pulse volume birthday and and that was
when it really kind of got was they do
tip writing it was the writing for young
people don't maceo yeah this was this is
a deb you then it is yeah so any
aspiring wages out there I know there
are many of you because there's no man
in the video feeling I wouldn't do yeah
me too its are you need to just give
yourself the time I think you do yeah
it's quite good within those structures
like within kind of an M a corset quite
good way to make you sit down and write
absolutely because then you've got
deadlines that you have to meet ya so
got you've sort of got the inspiration
around you but other people who are in
the same situation which i think is
really really important as well actually
got a sort of support network around you
all of that really really helps to kind
of keep get the momentum going and thing
and actually helps you stick with it as
well because it is a district II it's a
good introduction to the editorial
process as well as you say around only
when everybody a live tells you their
thoughts on it so used to having a
little bit of criticism or such
absolutely yeah I think it really it
makes you much less precious about your
work actually and it helps you to kind
of understand that kind of constructive
criticism isn't your enemy as your
friend it helps you to make your writing
better it's not kind of destructive
criticism you know probably learn how to
kind of give it as well which which also
makes you say in your own completely and
that's that's the real valuable things
it's totally reciprocal so you yeah you
become more analytical by giving your
opinions on other people's work and also
it helps you to kind of understand or to
it to kind of feel confident about
sometimes saying well actually no I
understand why you're saying that but i
think i'm right doing my and it and
other times if everybody's saying the
same thing it's clear from the start
that there has been tragedy sounds like
such a dramatic work but it is a tragedy
in her life she's lost her wrong
Claire's book especially is quite a
tricky one because you don't want to
give away the plot but also it's quite
it's funny but in a tragic at the same
time so it's kind of you tell people
what it's about you know this girl
dealing with the death for mother and
unexpected be but also and it so buddy
goes on my gosh yes really really
devastating which it isn't famous but
there's also this great strain of humor
it runs through it yes I'm hack I know
that it's Holly you get that across such
their thing is it's easy when you're
just trying to kind of condensed the
book they'll make it sound very very
depressing yeah yeah that wasn't really
my intention so i really do i do think
it is a depressing burger you know about
about sad when i was yeah a few of you
will also found this when kind of
talking about your favorite books and i
know a lot of you obviously like the for
no stars and that sort of things it's
the same sort of a feeling I'm gonna get
across to someone this book is sad for
it's also you have to really because it
has a lot of humor in a life-affirming
Claire's agent Katherine Clark
into us next quite a few other
publishers and and then i read it
english salberg who is our publishing
director and ready to and we've kind of
fell in love with it and it was one of
those things where as soon as you read
it you want someone else to read it to
so we've shared it pretty quickly around
the whole team because it felt like
something really special and and
everybody from sales to marketing to
design completely fell in love with the
book a new public we have to have this
and say play came to see us and and
we're out her hopefully with a kind of
presentation and thoughts for the book
and how we wanted to publish it and what
we thought we could bring to the table
and I'd also with really good chocolate
cake I never seen it really sit out in
the book but quite a few people that
read it which has tropic akin yeah great
now we can have chocolate Amanda hey so
did it became it has a big kind of
picture of your favorite kind of neck
lehren we've got even more excited about
it and then off it and luckily we had a
phone call I think that's Riley and them
which was quite tense once I have to
make em and then yeah lucky picked us
and we're very we were very very happy
and we still very very happy what's a
sort of time between when you first got
it sent in by agent and now and so we
saw the initial manuscript around this
time last year actually because it was
just before the balloon your children's
right and so it was probably he came to
us the end of March okay yeah almost
exactly a year ago and so yes it's kind
of being a year is that kind of a
typical time frame for you or is that a
no real typical and they're kind of
isn't really a cool time frame would say
it does vary from book to book and a
year is kind of standard I suppose and
but sometimes we'll put things in very
very quickly to the integral and other
times it will be kind of like a year to
18 months but it was quite a smooth
process I'm really territorially I think
yeah just do we have this island quite
yeah me and what we thought and kind of
how to make it into the book minute yeah
it's always definitely so and so in that
sense I think the editorial process was
actually probably smoothest part oh yeah
that's kind of like little behind the
scenes some of the cover and everything
else yeah much longer and took a little
bit about the cover in kind of because
it's really beautiful I don't know
everything you guys can see it well if
not i just put a picture in as well it's
quite like lots of textures on it again
i think because of the nature of the
book itself it was quite a hard one to
put it into a cover sometimes I think
khabar breathes just kind of they write
themselves and you know what would be is
what you want to do and but with year of
the rat I think there was definitely
quite a lot of discussion in house about
what we wanted
we knew we wanted it to be really
striking and impactful we did like a
photographic were drying right yes then
was moment the rat scurrying I don't
think I say to that one it kind of yeah
it went into kind of a pool of designers
and then a kind of all came up with
different things and this one pretty
much as soon as we're sorry when young
that's this is the one time to tell me
more about it yeah yeah sure and that's
kind of the great thing about you know
when you come to be read a book in your
life though from everything down to the
words on the page but even the cover
it's out like I get so much yeah I got
this so much yeah and it's got the
thrill of passing books on as well I
think going back to sort of hate
evenings or a bit of themes and a book
grief is a big one presumably off from
the start there's been quite a lot of
discussion about that there are a lot of
books with Deb mothers around and
binocular and actually if you go back
and look through children and you know
what would now be young adult literature
there have always been dead mother's new
parents it's always been there I think
yeah I don't always want to send them a
copy of like a little princess or
something that's it it's worse than I
Kevin you know I think yeah you've all
done in children's there's quite a lot
of time you do you have dead parents
because especially in kind of younger
books you need almost the child to be
able to be free of living online Ernest
yeah choir yeah I mean
not necessarily case this one but I
think it's just a it's a good it's a
good story trait in the lot weighing it
out but it's also I think it comes from
a fear when you're a child well yeah
it's anything that's right it doesn't
make it easier the stories kitty don't
have to go back to the very community
exactly know why not hoping this thing
cuz a teenager you it when you're really
starting to ask kind of the really big
questions that kind of life and death
and want it you know what everything
means in almost you know it is that
brief and it sort of lessons but it's
also stuff about what what is the point
of being alive yeah and when everyone's
going to die you know yes it's really at
its very cool that's that's what is well
and I think that is you know it's those
kind of questions that you really you
know that's what you you know when
you're sort of leaving child abandon
you're moving out into that kind of yeah
and a lot those are the questions that
you're really grappling grappling with
yeah exactly smoothly and the other the
other thing they really stuck out for me
was the sort of generation a little bit
there's a grandmother in this birkin a
parent and a child and a younger child
yeah I was that a kind of conscious
conscious be more or was it just showing
her family's why it wasn't really but
yes it's more about just families and
how they work and I think I'm quite
interested in how you know relationships
between different generations yeah be
very important and very very close you
know that I think you know and as a
teenager obviously your peers will
probably important to you those kind of
relationships that span generations
actually have a different kind of value
and yeah yeah and I think that kind of
yes exactly the thing that would kind of
have families and how they work and how
they don't always work you know it was
was another thing that I kind of this I
am interested in generally and I think
you know that kind of is it although it
wasn't a really conscious thing I think
that's why that came out on
in the book great and for well I'm gonna
wrap it up there but read the bit cooler
you know that really comes out in 424
published by Simon it's just like Shimon
Simon & Schuster um and yeah
congratulations have you got anything
else I mean this is the worst question
about you are you writing at the l don't
know that is the west and yes I'm just
yeah just kind of really getting getting
started going on it yeah yeah which is
yeah it's slightly scary but it's also
really exciting yes oh okay well thanks
so much guys thank you
