hi everyone so only this week I went to
a preview screening of divergent you may
have heard of that film kind of big deal
it's based on the first book in a
trilogy by Veronica Roth and it starts
the one miraculous shailene woodley at
the screening they gave me free wine yes
popcorn yes and the spinny thing which
tells you all the different factions and
definitions of the factions in the city
in divergent you might be able to tell
from this well you probably already know
the divergent is set in the Chicago of
the future it's a dystopian Chicago but
the alarming thing to me was that it
wasn't all dark and that's kind of a
common theme of disturbing films so few
feels very dark kind of very great
lighting in tone this didn't quite going
to same route those lots of bright
colors of blue skies and sharp edges and
all of those things that seem slightly
more ordered even though it's within a
crumbling City you very much like the
idea that it's a city being rebuilt
within a crumbling city and yet there's
a lot there that's a long time decay at
first the newness of it will definitely
an avenue but the soundtrack which
includes songs by Ellie Goulding I kind
of just went and embraced that and that
really pulled me through the rest of the
film and sort of Amy embraces like this
really fun foam is go exploring her new
faction and coming to terms with a
different group and finding a
outlandishness in herself that she
didn't really know that she had in it
and a daring within herself as well I
guess and that was certainly reflected
in the film also mentioned shailene
woodley I thought that she's absolutely
tremendous in this in all the films I've
seen from her she's characters all very
different which has this quiet power
they just transcends through all her
roles in its it really something else's
it's truly magnificent and then there's
Theo James is just beautiful I very much
lived up to my ideals of fall those
feelings weren't quite maintained
through a second third book but yeah the
first one wow what a gorgeous gorgeous
person anyway onwards I'm really
interested to hear your thoughts on a
they did make some interesting choices
when it comes to pasting I think the
narrative sort of jumped around a little
bit more than it needed to I was if
although there were some things that
were pushed in the film will felt a bit
unnatural or a bit sudden like they got
to those conclusions too quickly but I
also really saw them trying to translate
that to a different medium and trying to
do something new and interesting with it
and what I saw from that is this story
about a really strong young woman
learning their own bodily strength
doesn't just come from her physicality
like in any normal way it also comes
from her mind and then what she thinks
and the things
she sees it's our own April fourth here
in the UK it's out today in the US I
just let me know your thoughts and
comments I'm particularly interested in
what you thought about the fun versus
dark fine whether you feel that there
was kind of like an indecision in the
tone that kind of compelled the viewer
to sort of pick a quick aside in terms
of how they see this dystopic futuristic
Chicago inevitably there are never been
in the life of this book comparisons to
the Hunger Games one crucial thing about
that is that the film doesn't I think
asked as much of the viewer in the same
way that the Hunger Games does one of
the looks that countless dozen to the
lens they really challenged the view and
there isn't that same there isn't kind
of like a parallel experience there but
I don't know that there needs to be and
I don't know that we really how much we
benefit from comparing these two stories
which are I think actually entirely
different two things I was particularly
pleased with I really loved the zip wire
scene and I really loved the Navy Pier
scene because those are my two favorite
scenes in the book so yeah that's so
version again let me know what you think
in comments and I will see you guys on
Monday bye
