hey guys today I'm here to talk to you
about trouble which as you might be able
to tell from the awesome cover it's all
about a girl that gets pregnant now I
don't know about you guys but when I was
a teenager I really hate really disliked
and generally just stayed away from
books about teenage girls who get
pregnant I don't know what it was I
think it just wasn't a subject I was
into reading generally I stayed away
from books that felt to kind of real
life obvious since that my favorite
books that were set in like old boarding
schools and in like parallel worlds and
fantasy universes or even just American
high schools which I guess was that
correct balance sort of like some weird
kind of other fantasy world but did have
a little bit of realness in it I didn't
like books about British pregnant
teenagers or really about British
teenagers that much tall to be totally
honest I haven't changed that much but I
have heard from a few people that
trouble is good and they have this huge
marketing campaign a lot of people
singing its praises really so I thought
I'd give it a shot the story is told by
two people Hannah Shepherd and Erin
Tyler Hannah has a reputation for
sleeping around and for generally being
easy that's known among the students and
around the staff and Aaron who's the son
of the school history teacher has just
changed schools in really mysterious
circumstances his story actually reminds
me a lot of more than this that kidding
more than this like they have sort of
similar stories and in the bits that
Aaron didn't do what I wanted to do was
kind of filling in the gaps with
everything from more than this which was
just such a well executed story so
Hannah's coming to terms with her
pregnancy and all the decisions
associates who were there and juggling
all these lies and kind of emissions of
truth more than anything and this
parallels Aaron's journey to come to
terms with the loss of life it's these
two trains intersecting really also no
spoilers but even though I guess the
twist I was compelled to read the whole
thing in a couple of sittings and it
wasn't something that was like oh I've
got that twist so I guess I'll stop
reading that it's still not really the
kind of book that I pick up today and
while it highlights how judgmental we
can be towards female sexual promiscuity
especially situations where we don't
offer any empathy whatsoever and we do
just fall back on complete solid
judgment particularly when it comes to
teenage pregnancy I don't know how much
it did to challenge that judgemental
impulse especially in the demonstration
of a certain like cattiness between
women I would have liked a bit more
especially from the women in the book
and I also didn't really like how Aaron
comes to be seen as a savior
even though he does have his own
situations but if you do you like the
sort of real life books and maybe try
out trouble and I have no doubt that
this book will be racing up the charts
when it's released on March thing the
kids next door is screaming I don't know
if you can hear that but I will see you
guys on Friday but let me know in
comments what books you're reading in
the moment where the trouble is your
kind of book and generally whether you
steered away for more were drawn towards
those real-life sorts of books I'm
thinking in a lot of waves of books like
Jacqueline Wilson I liked a few of them
I did like the girls out late series
just because they felt a bit naughty I
also liked the lottery project and
double acts when I was a lot younger but
I generally didn't enjoy them that much
I think you're near the waters who kind
of fall into that category who I was
drawn to well like Julie Burchill and
sugar rush Kevin Brooks to an extent is
like that be but his stories have a
little bit more of a mystical side about
it and that's that's what I like so if
you like talking about books or whatever
else is on my mind then please subscribe
to the channel I make videos every
Monday Wednesday Friday I'd yeah share
the video if you liked it thanks guys
bye
