hi guys so we're back on the trampoline
today where I'm going to talk about Ali
Pasha's book hyperbole and a half I know
a lot of you are really familiar with
her blog you should check it out
but I'd also recommend getting the book
as well firstly just being realistic and
shallow I really like the quality of it
there's like a matte finish and a gloss
finish here it's wonderful and got the
colorful pages as well this book which
is made out of drawings that you
recognize from her blog and also writing
as well is a combination of stories from
her past and the lessons she's learnt
from them and what she's learned about
herself from them and creating things to
share with people as well the thing I
really love about Allie Brosh is her
honesty she can judge herself very
harshly but she's not afraid to share
that judgment with other people this
book actually reminded me a lot of Mindy
Kaling's book just in terms of tone and
then also that cross over from
autobiography to almost life guide in a
way but not as clear-cut as that and
personally although this is just me I
find that to be the healthiest kind of
self-help book one that combines
personal experience with also just like
little tips and tricks along the way but
it's nothing like too heavy or too
intense and it's really fun and like to
read as well because I definitely get
strongest messages through when they're
kind of relate through humor I
internalized them more when they
presented me in a negative way in terms
of what I'm not doing or what I'm
lacking I either put a wall up and
become really defensive or it just makes
me feel really depressed and when I stay
inside all day and not ever talk to
anyone again there are very very few
books that I've read over the past two
or three years that make me laugh out
loud this is one of them Mindy Kaling's
book is another one of them and it's
such a joy to have that experience from
a book so yeah wonderful wonderful
wonderful I'll definitely be sharing it
with people I know who I think could use
a bit of a laugh right now as well see
you guys bye
