dear Tyrannosaurus lack firstly your
name is bloody hard to pronounce
secondly as someone who frequently
displays her mood or personality on her
20 did it let me run you through my
collection for your enjoyment pink does
anyone else smell that freshly cut grass
those this was a bit like like new
parchment and like like spearmint
toothpaste I'm just gonna have to excuse
myself for a moment candy floss pink my
favorite animal is a pygmy puff I may
know all the words to all the dialogue
and all the Hilary Duff films but that
just means I have a secret army of
clones waiting to destroy you silver I
mean it's so obvious you would pick the
invisibility cloak because that would
protect you and turn your death and it's
all kind of swooshy and funds but when I
want to go unnoticed it's swooshy yellow
I'm feeling for Brosius and kind of
pompous and a little bit unwanted
sometimes I'm also gorgeous sparkly and
I'm dead though so you know we all have
our bad days green kind of a dick but
also prone to crying in the bathroom
turquoise sparkly ravenclaw on acid navy
blue ravenclaw during exams can you shut
up in the library please blue great
ravenclaw waiting for exam results blue
metallic blue special effects and likely
ravenclaw on exam results day get in
gold Gryffindor on Felix Felicis may the
odds be ever in my favor red daring
nerve and chivalry bitch boom Gryffindor
the red sparkly we won the Cup we
won the Cup we won we won the cup we
purple I'm secretly in love with an evil
wizard also just one tiny question did
you put your name the Goblet of Fire
dark green black and gold sparkly what
guts be
today is kind of exciting for a number
of reasons firstly because Wonderland
came out have you seen this cover oh my
god Emma Watson edited additional guests
at a church Paul so exciting also
because this week my youtube channel
turned 88 years old OMG and lastly
because this is my 500th public video oh
my god I have around 40 to 50 videos on
private mostly because there are audio
visual issues with them but thank you
and thanks for making these things with
me onwards let's go on if you do like
what you see please join the other
33,000 people now subscribe to this
channel what and like and share as well
thanks bye we sought to soon
