happy Monday everyone this video comes
in six parts I've written them down
partly because I plan ahead and also
because I wouldn't be more like I'm a
stone and easier to be fair that's my
general goal in night but let us move
swiftly onwards part one hair you might
have noticed that my hair is somewhat
pink that drive to dye my hair pink goes
back to both about a week ago when I was
like standing in Boots and surrounded by
hair dyes but also goes back to my early
childhood years massive fan of no doubt
obsessed with Gwen Stefani I was
obsessed with the album cover of return
of satin I actually have that CD but
it's buried way back in my bookshelf
where all the other foreign objects live
anyway so it's just gonna sort out my
route so then I saw this died and I was
like why not it's bleach London the big
pink is 210 washes and it's been like
fading with everyone is very Gordon's
right now which I actually quite like a
lot of people saying it's very
Clementine from eternal sunshine of the
spotless mind which I kind of love and
also that reminds them of my so-called
life part-2 bras so I haven't been very
well over the last few days in one of
those days in the mood of the night I
kind of wrote this delirious post about
bras and boobs how are they really like
wearing bras the waiting to meet though
is that I feel so self-conscious about
not wearing a bra on camera when I'm
making these videos I think that's
partly because as I said in the post the
visual medium is very productive and
that affects a lot the way the content
is see all these problems with the male
gaze and all that sort of stuff the
other part of it is also naturally a
fear of like sexual harassment and and
decide that sort of sexual sexualization
that you don't necessarily want you
wanted some situations but you don't
want it in other situations the thing
that frustrated me Percy like entire me
was that I have a really great audience
and I don't have the number of problems
on the scale that I had before with
regards to harassment and things and
when I wrote that post everyone
responded with kindness and
understanding and suggestions and
helpers you guys always do so it's just
a bit like what is my issue this is such
a tumble answer to give but it is
patriarchy and it's it's all the issues
that come with it and that's not
something I can fix all I can do is
personally for myself this is my
decision my decision not to have to wear
bras or fill full swear bryson videos so
that's I'm doing and I'm even wearing a
white t-shirt because that's how daring
I am and it's not just kiss Brandon
Flowers is on this t-shirt and I just
want the feel of him against my body
this went to a dark place not that dark
part 3 sorry I kind of want to save this
for another video I've decided to spend
part four awards the American Library
Association handed out all these awards
for children young out
sure to various people people that Kali
black and people like rain Burrell and
people like Markus Zusak but I was super
excited to see that the prince would not
the artist formerly known as not fresh
of bel-air not winning a member the
Prince for the tea anisette was awarded
to marcus sedgwick who is basically like
oh my god one of the best authors ever
also if you're watching carefully you're
watching at all I mentioned in my
previous video about a fan of endure so
basically all I'm saying is that I give
award-winning reviews and
recommendations part 5 money so i have a
TARDIS I don't know if you've seen it my
target slut she pay you back with its
chameleon circuit stuck so that's not a
pig this piggy bank at 112 pounds in it
anytime I had change a tool and I came
home and it was in my pocket my bag I
was like who knows we're after my out
man who knows where money ends up I just
put it in here after say probably seven
months it's it was stuffed to the brim
now I can take it and do exciting things
like pay council tax part 6 on here says
bye it's basically a little bit more
than that I wanted I promise to do a
run-through of I lights and conscious
resource to find a lot of the ladies
survey videos now that video responses
are gone but I start doing and I got
halfway through and then as usual I got
overloaded by other things and that
project was put to the side however I'm
putting a slight a weekend to work on it
in earnest and look through as many
videos as I can because obviously in the
interim time so it's my last attempt to
making the video and now there are even
more submission send me your favorite
ladies survey video can be a video it
could be a blog post it can be a tumblr
post where's like a one-sentence i would
say maximum 350 character description
underneath about why particularly liked
that video and email it to me to that
address you should do this by monday
next week so that's monday the second or
februari i think once you've done that
one of the two best will win one of two
prizes we've got BB where i am fearless
and therefore powerful and pillow cover
that i sell on my society6 like a throw
pillow like a cushion cushion think
that's a quotation from Mary Shelley's
Frankenstein I have the original art of
a marina it's just a really nice daily
reminder and gives you a bit of a boost
um I just
above an edge when you need it the other
thing i'm giving away is this doesn't
that look exciting inside it's a woman
of youtube calendar from the project for
awesome this year my favorite is
actually coming up next month and that's
great Helbig februari so great I relate
okay bye guys see you Wednesday
