on Thursday last week I made my way to
Norton in southwest London to the cherry
red records Stadium home of AFC
Wimbledon Sam with him John and I have
been working on the sponsorship over the
past few months gave me a tour of the
stadium from offices to bars and
changing rooms and taught me through all
of the brilliant photographs on the
walls of the presidents room Wow I mean
cook who's the man next in whom he's in
here old every Max like oh that's
amazing
I've moved from obviously got the heck
out sir mint yeah and this is this is
Dave Bassett who was the manager of
Wimbledon just before they won the FA
Cup uh-huh there's just so much
continuity down through yeah and then
the stadium itself I was glad to see the
holding go up designed by nerdfighters
we put a call out on tumblr and twitter
a while ago first the slogan and then
four designs we chose four designs for
hoarding and once the program I'm an
internet kid and I love gifs and I love
Instagram pictures and I love YouTube
videos but there's something really
quite cool to the physicality of it to
seeing those physical boards around the
physical pitch December physical
nerdfighters some of whom live half the
physical world away from me and from the
stadium he started up some youtube
communication with his brother in
America and got a lot of following
through his life then that became that
it's called the nerdfighter community
legacy which is the way these all
designs by no fighters by people who
watch the video the two gentlemen who
put up the hoarding were volunteers as
is mostly everyone who works for the
club they come in once a week and their
main job tends to be facing the plastic
seat
they had snapped off behind the goal
when there isn't a body in the way to
act as a buffer against a hotly kicked
but sadly off target shot standing on
the empty pitch and looking out at the
slogans was bananas
hyper-real in its reality but that's
nothing compared to what it was like
being there two days later on Saturday
with
the inimitable Lex croucher I was 45
minutes late to meet her luckily we were
meeting two and a half hours before
kickoff but I met a couple of AFC
Wimbledon fans on the train and when we
got stuck thanks to the not so glorious
Southwest train service which wouldn't
let us off the train door even though a
platform was right there we all took the
bus together Sam gave us passes to walk
on the pitch and seen the holding with
actual living breathing physical people
behind it was something quite
extraordinary I felt really proud to be
a nerdfighter and so honored to have
been welcomed so warmly we're everywhere
I'd met at AFC Wimbledon from those
who'd been volunteering with a club for
nine years to nerdfighters and AFC
Wimbledon supporters I met up with after
the match two players themselves yeah
sadly the team lost to Torquay and not
400 chances and losses sting even when
it's not your childhood team that's
playing but that couldn't take away from
how cool it was to see everyone come
together in the stadium people who don't
even have tickets to the games go to the
bar rather than their local pub so that
they can support their local team
and they soak up the end of match
presentation when Iver talks to mascot
some players and cheers everyone up if
it's been a loss or how everyone can
stand outside and drinking the Sun if
they want and now was ushered in or how
the match sponsor was a guy celebrating
his 40th birthday he makes cakes for AFC
Wimbledon every single week it's such a
fantastic community and for the first
time in ages it was with some regret
that I made my way home from Southwest
to East London
the American over what's-his-name John
Green yeah
