hi I've put sunny back because we were
reminded by someone on Twitter quite
recently that we haven't made a 2014 13
jobs crisis yeah it was it was 2012 we
did our last one yeah 57 foot so we're a
little bit late but we're here watch the
video that we're gonna be making a
sequel to it was about us and our job
situation which was a good situation
yeah I wait for our faces to get like
smaller and younger more like wide-eyed
baby that's okay so once you've watched
it come back it up but that's the first
thing that we have mentioned is that we
didn't know anything about what we were
talking about when I felt like I knew it
I was I'm gonna say it the way it is
yeah and you know I've said of hundreds
of job applications at this point and
like why are they hiring me and such a
back then I had been in London for about
four months
I'd been invited to several jobs that
had like some really her in this
experiences almost no response it didn't
have a bank account because they
wouldn't give it to me because I didn't
have a job like half a human being that
I had a lot and that was about it now I
have a job at hot key books
I am the digital coordinator I've been
there for five months now oh my god and
I have a bank account it is pretty good
and it changes I've given up internet
banking now Wow you had a postcode until
it was hard because they were like you
don't have a job so we can't give you a
bank account there were so many things
that I couldn't really do we were joking
about me being deported from the country
but it was a genuine thing where if I
wouldn't be able to find a job in like a
eat mall years time less than a year's
time I would've had to go back to the
nether city the most expensive city in
the ynl apparently congratulations to us
that's me now yeah and me this time last
year I was working at top man and lots
of circus I was working with wonderful
people but it was a really tough job
especially around the Christmas season
makeshift work so I would come hiring
I'm like exhausted barely even saw my
flatmates at the time making this video
I was last year I was in the middle of
like 14 days straight of shifts or
something and I was just a little bit
crazy else are
we never really got to hang out because
it didn't a that well before we moved in
with each other we'd be living together
for about four months and I don't feel
like we had done more hanging out than
like a couple of evenings or something
that's the thing about it's definitely
thought it with retail which is working
generally you get home and you just
absolute started and then you use become
a little kind of night back yeah and you
start to make videos and stuff like that
as well i splash forward a year I'm now
PA for John Green and I work with him
with various projects and work with lots
of like nerdfighter projects as well
absolutely love it's been so much fun
I write for crash course which is very
fun race scripted it as well as so it's
like complete turnaround like we were
two working lady yeah but this time nice
JSON it was like next you I have these
amazing jobs that she's being so
sarcastic
oh I might start applying to book shop a
couple of months later I was like at the
mall like all my knees begging like they
wouldn't even take my CV I just went I
went to like the mall so many times just
like piles and piles of CDs I couldn't
even get again we got a dump though I
was in September like before I got the
job and that was really like I thought
so like grateful to have that job
because it was so hard yeah that was the
point I was like what am I gonna do he
was saying as well about how fixated we
were especially on penguin but these
particular companies generally quite big
companies as a whole and that was kind
of like no dream yeah and we both were
in very small companies like relatively
speaking now looking back and like I
don't even know why yeah I specifically
because I didn't know anything about
that company you really yeah um and
we've since interned yes I think one is
all we've done lots of different
internal departments which is quite the
week after each other um but it just
made me really like now working in this
way smaller companies made me realise
how much freedom that gives you and how
much like creative freedom and
especially writing with you or like
digital stuff that sounds really vague
yeah like but that with that thing I
think it's important to have a lot more
freedom because if you have to have
people signing off and every tiny little
thing you do it really restricts you
like especially the way we used to
yeah because we're gonna hook the middle
our own channels where hopefully we get
to decide wait yeah as I say I'm not
just working with John I'm working with
this like whole team of people in
Indianapolis and in Missoula it's really
nice cuz it's it's a small enough team
to make feel like you kind of know
mostly everyone but at the same time
there's enough people that you're not
like the only person - yeah and I think
you also and a small team you really
know that you make a difference yeah
it's nice it's good it's nice but I mean
obviously there are benefits working in
big companies it's like a lot of
exciting opportunities and yeah just
watching that video I'm like why was I
so upset so obsessed yeah I think the
final tally was like 36 job applications
to penguin or something I mean I got to
like five maybe what happened between
then yeah like how did that happen he
stopped okay so by the time that we were
making the video I done just on my first
internship an icon and then I went on to
do an internship a penguin in March I
was I got sick of Jeffrey because I'd
say to Middle East yeah and then a month
afterwards they asked me back but for a
different department because my name was
in the system yeah and someone dropped
out and literally on Friday evening with
me they were like wanna come in on
Monday for another two weeks and I was
like yes I was like oh I really don't
know if this is gonna work and then they
had a job opening the team someone from
the team was leaving and I apply for
that job and that was my orthotic I
might actually get this they are already
working with me so obviously I had such
a like bigger chance than if I just sent
like a anonymous letter basically and
then that same week I also found out
about the hotkey job yeah I think and
then I applied for that as well and that
was just like I was like it is it
finally happening because in those three
months before that people come in like
publishing jobs or constantly telling me
like it's gonna happen really soon I
feel like it's gonna happen for you like
while you can keep saying that - it was
three months it could have taken another
eight months you don't know but I feel
like I went to lots of events like
blogger events
I went to the London Book Fair and like
I kind of don't ask me to have because I
feel like that's really good
not only is it a good way to get access
to stuff but it also it's such a good
conversation starter because people are
so curious about yeah they wanna know
what you're doing and we went to lots of
stuff at the lemon book for as well
about people literally panels talking
about how to get into publish a yeah and
there's still stuff that they said at
those panels that I repeat to other
people and they'd like asked me to help
with like job applications very
interesting it's it's great too but the
conversation is happening as well and
you know I think it can be quite easy
especially as a youtuber as a creator to
go into those things thinking you know
everything but as long as you like keep
an era and this and your finite some
amazing stuff and some destiny right
oppressive and the main thing that
change for me we just thought before is
that my Twitter feed went from like
YouTube people and friends to now like
75% Publishing like my twitter feed and
tied a publishing and that's when I
found out about yeah even like got in
touch with some people that I then like
I met Samantha London Book Fair and like
it's just you get in touch with people
and you slowly without being like well
kissing asses and stuff like you look
slowly get into the world you just
because popular random I took like two
weeks of holiday off top man I remember
like only two weeks of holiday but I had
after like the a once we're doing me
much I know however long have been that
and I spent at penguin and I did my
internship there because like it was an
unpaid internship I literally couldn't
afford it if a mess I had unless I was
paid by Tommen and the same couple of
weeks my mom was moving houses
shenanigans everywhere it was insane but
it was really worth it was really
interesting and just kinda came to
really understand these roles going in
and seeing the places where they did
meet how open like what I'm kind of
weren't doing that's what you thought
that's what helped me most like seeing
where the gaps were being like I think I
can fill these gaps at a company in that
video we talked about like oh we want to
be social media people and do you to be
stuff but we didn't realize until we
went into companies
this literally like this is exactly what
they need and then you know what to talk
about your letter and I'm like I'm so
against unpaid internship strongly I
think they're like it's so hard to do
especially when you never learn to like
it's so so hard to do but I will say
that that unpaid internship is like
change a lot oh yeah definitely so a
bird in the foot second we got that
internship that John and Hank were the
student that time to do the UK foreign
all-stars talk John I've always had a
really good working rapport as well as a
good friendship obviously but over the
next couple of weeks following that it
became really apparent to me that I
couldn't stay in my current job because
I was actually gonna go completely
freaking insane
I was so frustrated because I was
putting a lot of pressure on myself and
I do have a lot of friends who had jobs
as I've mentioned in my previous videos
and I think I just about the pressure of
absolutely everything kind of caving in
on me a little bit I was talking to John
about it and then we sorted out like a
temporary solution where I'd work for
him a few days a week it quickly became
apparent after like two or three weeks
that he wanted hire me full-time which
was amazing and now I'm here and I'm
like working from here which obviously
isn't ideal but we've made it work
really well and you know I just have a
weird like working schedule compared to
most people but I don't really mind it
we get to hang out in the evening and we
actually see each other which is really
nice I felt like I went to new sauna
which is something that I've kind of
known for a bit longer but never really
properly hung out with ya until we've
had time to like sit down or watch
movies together and make food together
so I got the TV so that my friends would
like me and I nod yes thanks the funny
thing is I've had a lot of freelance
work like random other bits and bobs I
mean since then so it's kind of like
when it rains it pours and i got and i
got all these jumbled fits from people
as well you might apply to previous
really dig euler once i started working
with you Jeff and I was just like really
lies like you couldn't have done this
like a few months ago and people were
like I'm it are you like whether you
wanted to come work for us what I'm
really happy we do when I am very happy
a good situation just got to get married
a job session and staying forever advice
or hope for people that are basically
where we were last year part four
stuff we mentioned like the Twitter feed
stuff and like I like just like honey in
that but also being aware that you might
not know as much as you think you do
that's my internship that's my main
thing it's like they know that you have
to learn stuff like you might think you
know everything but you don't even know
like the tip of the iceberg at this
point I think there it does ultimately
come down to a confidence in your
abilities and when you have those
opportunities like even if it's work
experience or whatever it is just play
all your cards and show all your
strengths and really know your stuff but
also show that you're willing to learn
and that you ignores that you don't know
everything and I think that will get you
really far that's hard to say kid like
it's a heart it's still a heart like you
have to show people what you have to
offer whether it's like a specific skill
or a part of your personality or the way
that you work with people or that you're
a quick learner
you have to like when you're doing an
internship you have to step up your game
and make sure that they remember you
yeah without being too overbearing and
while you're on these internships like
going out for coffee or lunch with the
people around to you like I'm making
internships on I think you can do you
will find these experiences elsewhere
whether there are industry events or
like smaller through a hobby or yeah any
like any kind of connection you can find
any person that you might get in touch
with through social media
be brave me like just ask them like
sounds like no I can't share this video
with my viewers no prisoners in my video
I gave my CV to someone it was
terrifying thing to I'd already
redesigned it but I was like tell me
what's wrong with it because obviously
something is wrong with it it's like
burying a soul it's like this is a kind
of shape yeah and then it came back and
had like nope move this no I like I have
an education at the top of my CV which
now I'm like why I'm gonna do that
I'll say I didn't get a job through
doing this and banners but when I really
looked at my CV and I made it one page
it changed everything for me it just
made me realize how much for what I
wanted to do I really need to target
like every single thing on it and like I
just have this huge tendency to like
waffle on about stuff I think notice
because this video is gonna be bloody
long it is
information what you're doing wrong
through showing other people or through
being really harsh with yourself
I'm just being like do you have that do
it have you had an a star and like RS
okay want to you don't can I was reading
some tweets this week and you're
responding to them as well from wasn't a
Melek oh yeah and he was tweeting things
like tips don't do this and I was just
like yep that was me there that will do
well but I think yes in fact I think we
should put links to any videos that
we've made that are about like job stuff
in that would be a good idea it's like
you say fun of the guy ideas we can all
about the description yes I will see you
guys on Friday and hopefully I'll see
some of you on Saturday at the match
that AFC Wimbledon are playing it gets
chalky because I'm going and Lex is
going son are you gonna go I'm not going
sorry my god Lee
