hey guys okay so it's a new year new you
right if you went out on New Year's Eve
you've now recovered from your New
Year's hangover and if you didn't go out
you've recovered from your Netflix
hangover although over here in London
were in the middle of a rainstorm the
sun is out intermittently and you might
even have a cheeky Christmas check from
one of your relatives but there's an
implied expectation of failure in year's
resolutions it's still really cold in
your probably a little bit broke because
Christmas was really tough from the bank
account best thing there is to do while
your energy is still a little bit higher
and you're still feeling pretty rested
make yourself a really good place to
start January and get it going and to
start the year off right ever playlist
that i called the 2013-2014 crossover
playlist i'm not quite sure why because
i didn't really play it in 2013 but so
far and in fairness it's only january
third it's been really nice to just put
my laptop on the side so we're turn the
brightness down select the playlist or
the other way around because you don't
want to select the playlist while it's
dark and just play music without having
any visuals again clear up my room which
has been my big project for then also
get stuff ready for things like taxes
and like make lists and write goals and
just kind of have a really like present
time where you're not being a little bit
caught up in the virtual world like I
love the virtual world and I will defend
it to the death especially when people
are criticizing it and that's why I
really love the Apple advert that was
all about that boy who was secretly
making a film about his family do you
think it's nice to just kind of rest
your eyes from the internet for a little
bit sometimes enjoy the things that can
come out of the computer I'm not really
one for silence I find silence a bit
like oh I don't I don't like it people
told me oh you have to become
comfortable in silence and I'm
comfortable i just don't really enjoy
what I do enjoys having a really great
energizing playlist that will drive me
through the rest of the month and even
the rest of the year and what kind of
harness the best of all this restful
most that I have going on the other
thing I'm really enjoying is the fact
that a lot of people are around have a
little more time still to meet up people
who I don't normally see who are around
for Christmas and just generally friends
who still have a little bit time of work
my friends will came over the other
night to watch Charlotte I'm going to
see some friends out about tomorrow
night and it's just nice having people
around I can end this by telling you
some of the songs that are on my 2013
2014 crossover playlist a lot of them
aren't you at all by any means but as I
say it was kind of like boosted me in to
the year over here let's go pompeii by
bastille or in fact anything by bastille
because their music has such a good beat
and it really like draws you in it kind
of syncs up with you in a way to get to
the good bit by rizzle kicks
on my favorite songs of 2013 and has
continued to be my favorite song in 2014
because you've got to have something or
a few things from The Killers mr.
brightside is on there naturally
carrying me home from here on out oh and
shot at the night there's just such a
great song and makes you want to buy
bright pink suede heels and like run
around a hotel dresses are made in a non
like creepy way probably should have
said that last one all of Beyonce's
album basically i really love flawless
probably my favorite song I just love
the whole thing how is she so Beyonce I
really not fair I like you know it's not
to say that she's flawless like I've
come into this problem quite a lot
recently like saying that I absolutely
love and admire and like hero worship
all these people I wasn't thrilled when
she went to Cafe Gratitude infer
jonesing that was the best move but it
doesn't like invalidate all the amazing
things that she does and then generally
all the old fades Taylor Swift who I'm
seeing like a month one direction who
I'm seeing in June hi I'm who I'm seeing
in March and then a bit of no doubt and
a bit of doors and like I Bev Lily Allen
and whoever else just manages to shuffle
along so that's my 2013 2014 crossover
plate let's share yours in comments and
if you have spotify playlist you can
link me to those as well meanwhile I am
off for the weekend but I will see you
guys on Monday why if you did like this
video please consider subscribing liking
sharing whatever but as always your
comments are the most important thing
the thing I love reading most and as
much as we can agree that Google+
absolutely sucks i still love to see
your pretty faces and comments by maybe
yellow today yellow hair oh well if my
hair is short it's like edgy right
that's what I've been saying about my my
edgy lopsided haircut it's quite Peyton
Sawyer here today
