hello everyone and welcome to 2014 so
far it's looking good now some of you
might have made resolutions to learn a
new language in the new year the more
casual users among us might even be
seeking to understand the language of
the Internet so today I just wanted to
kind of visually show how some internet
expressions translate online let's get
started then
I hope you found that useful next week
we'll be looking at Lauren Conrad chips
just kidding we already have and hey if
your magazine reader I'm in this month's
issue of Glamour under the secrets of
the YouTube billionaires feature
I'm not YouTube millionaire for the
record but I do have secrets it's on
page 61 and it goes over a couple of
pages and it's pretty exciting because
I've always loved glamour and Kate
Winslet's on the cover other than that I
will see you on Friday if not so you
know bye guys
