so I've got a list of things I went to
do 2014 and I posted this list in front
unbless one of the items on this list
was a little bit controversial this year
I want to donate all but 50 of my books
donate over 50 cried the masses
understandably so I guess no matter
where I live my family home university
or in my flats I've always taken great
pride in my bookshelves - three rows
back piles of books just like stacked by
my beds and stacked with my desk and
just stack stack stacked everywhere but
ever since I got ready to move into this
flat I've been getting rid of about 50
books a week I would say I have now only
around 500 books which is still a lot
like a bet what I had the stock it's
actually not that much at all anyway see
my family as a whole we owned a lot of
crap like I'm really sorry to my sisters
and my mother but it's true we between
us owned a lot of things so my sisters
and my mother these things take form in
clothes and clothes and clothes and walk
I save for a very short very intense
love affair with dresses I have never
been like obsessed with accumulating
layers of clothes if I'm a really really
young age my dream was like a library of
the sliding ladder I probably took it
from the book shop at the beginning of
Beauty and the Beast I also think it's
in Bedknobs and Broomsticks and have a
very clear memory of as ladder in the
scene in at the beginning of jage to the
center of the earth in 1959 version
there's something very grand about
sliding around a room and selecting your
book from which ever shelf the other
thing that added to my airs and graces
about libraries were the books
themselves not here Louisville Harris is
one of my favorite authors of all time
and he loves libraries in the same way
that JK Rowling loves foreshadowing but
this year which has been a year in which
all that self-evaluation has spurred
into something that feels a little bit
like self-improvement or maybe just
possibility I realized I suppose that
all their shelves and libraries I
aspired to weren't just like him
innocent little materialistic dream they
were in fact part of much deeper need
for validation
especially intellectual validation and
that had nothing to do with reading
these books but everything to do with
owning them and that whole thing made me
feel really queasy because that's sort
of perception how others perceive you
based validation was one of my strongest
criticisms of my dad a on so many levels
here I was trying to be the type of girl
who owned books and who knows maybe that
was born of a fear of being associated
something else or maybe that was out of
a fear of being associated with nothing
at all but I would say that part of me
on every level forced that image upon
other people it sounds so weird and
serious to say but like I'm the bookish
whitening it's my thing I don't know
when the whole bookshelf scenes stopped
being about pleasure or ortho ever was
because I'm very fortunate to always
have had access to stories and always
kind of consumed them whether or not I
owned them I don't want to get too dark
about this because ever since I learned
to read like h3 I think I've loved books
and I've been really obsessed with them
and obsessed with the stories and
obsessed with learning how to tell
stories like that they've been so
formative and helpful and exciting in my
life even though a lot of these books
were really useful to me and really
important and kind of sacred in a way
the means that they are important to and
formative for were 13-year old me or 17
around me or 20-year old me but not
22-year old me and that's not to say
that I won't go back to these books and
reread them and find great things in
them or that I won't go and find them in
a library someday but there are new
things to read and that's really
exciting and they're going to be
important to 22 year old me and 23 year
old me and 24 year old me and so on and
so on the last thing and something that
I touched on before was about keeping
things in motion and that actually came
out of a book itself that came out of
the gift which is by do is hide and is
this great book and that books about the
process of gift-giving and how it
shouldn't be like the stagnant thing and
kind of how that works without our modes
of thought because I spend a lot of time
kind of like in my head and physically
quite still because I'm like sitting
around all the time I've grown a little
bit uncomfortable with like being
surrounded by stillness I want to be
surrounded by things emotion and like
ideas in motion and I want to be able to
pass on the books that I love on to
other people and in the same way that I
had to come to think about my family
home being enjoyed by other people and
having new experiences and having their
own specific very highly individual
experiences related to that space I want
people to have those experiences with
these books they might hate them and
they might bring them back to the
charity shop like five minutes later but
it's it's a kind of nice feeling I
suppose that's why I'm so excited about
kind of curating my personal library to
a really almost extreme degree I hope to
be making loads of videos this week a
very bare minimum
on Wednesday and Friday as scheduled but
as always kind of dependent on the state
of things so for those of you who've had
some time off over these past couple of
weeks I hope you've had an amazing time
for those others of you who haven't I
hope that you get an opportunity to rest
up soon and I will see you guys next
video and in comments all right bye if
you like this video please do give it a
like and consider sharing it but the
most important thing for me is your
comment I love your comment yay unless
you're saying mean things in which may
neigh
