hey guys today we are sitting back in
the kitchen but this time under the
penguin postcards to talk about
something I'm not as keen on as everyone
else seems to be Christmas however I
didn't want to make a video talking
about some Christmas be things that I've
been enjoying firstly obviously the
killer's christmas single it's an animal
van and i love it i mean you know how
much i love the killers today as i
mentioned listen like every video for
past five years of my life but this year
in particular because their song
christmas in LA features one of my
favorite Elia bands doors I was
introduced to doors by my friend Ariana
about two and a half years ago and is
actually the music that was playing on
the car when everything was going with
my dad and it's like that their band I
associate very strong you at that time
but their music is just absolutely
beautiful my favorite songs probably
good rest my soul and so the killers and
doors what a wonderful match the song is
all about to send rest and
disillusionment through Christmas which
I can kind of identify within a lot of
ways but mainly it's a cracking song
that I bet my flatmates getting very
sick of hearing me play on repeat the
second thing and this isn't necessarily
a christmas thing because they started
couple of months ago mine open
supermarkets had these Glade candles and
sell everyone i know loves candles and
subsist with candles everyone loves
candles I'm pretty like a movement
towards candles I'm happy with a decent
tea light these are really nice this is
I think cinnamon or something else Apple
maybe another thing that I wanted to
talk about christmas nails cuz i have
some of my controversial opinions about
them but quite a few years in a row I've
worn the berry and it's sparkly sparkle
I know what the official name is red
glitter that's so very ritual and I love
Barry I'm i love all their products and
i love how ethical they are and all this
stuff however this is a bloody nightmare
I hate getting us off and actually
really dampens my whole winter
experience it's sparkles so well and i
def at base con- still could never get
off it just drive you crazy so this year
just made it easy on myself and go for
one of my favorite bright red now
varnishes which is the nails inc red one
red one sir james so it's cool i'd be
such a fashion
and then another important one is tea
and my favorite brands of IT from a
Parker and really love Parker I love
detox I also really like all the parties
generally i don't think i tried achieve
from them that i dislike it's like
everything they do just love them the
company i really love his teeth eggs and
then tweeted about them because i really
loved their licorice and peppermint tea
and they sent me a packet of spiced
winter red tea but the back at his
enemies actually not this packet this is
one that I thought after I tore me do we
finished all the two that they send me
can this really yummy i think it got its
got a lot of spices and i really love
spices orange blossom cinnamon cloves
yummy that's what i like cinnamon is my
number one spices make Christmas for me
spices and the thing that I enjoy people
who love winter so about loving being
warm and bundled and whatever if I pick
something would probably be the spices
that makes her way into everything like
I always loved having my mom's apple
crumble woods I clothes in it and stuff
like when I was a school I'd come home
and just something that would warm you
up kind of from the inside out it was
really really great but the answer is
not necessarily winter even then cover
of this is very wintry and I have spoken
about this before but i think it was
quite some years ago so Oscar Wilde
stories the children collection and it's
his fairy tales basically but this is a
lovely addition has some really
beautiful illustrations this one in the
nightingale on the road and this edition
is published by quarter the
illustrations are by PJ Lynch and for
some reason the kind of creepy sad edge
to all of us go of fairy tales really
makes me get in the mood for the
mythology of Christmas or it is most the
most level that I can get maybe that
makes sense the whole Christmas period
in the whole winter period is extremely
melancholy and the fairy tales are slow
melancholy especially the nightingale on
the rose which if you haven't read it
isn't that long please read it Oscar
while you don't have to read it in fancy
addition you can find it cheaper edition
than that and while I don't cry when I
read it I kind of feel something
breaking inside of me and for some
reason that's enjoy
and I associate it with wintertime the
final big Christmas thing for me
whoo-hoo is the Nob Hill winner is my
fridge just turn on which is this bad
boy which you might also knows the
poinsettias another thing that I guess
just like re-creates Christmas at home
granules kid once we had one reason
house meaning that Christmas was coming
not sure where now it's like the big
kind of Christmassy night in Mexico it's
celebrated on Christmas Eve you have to
clean out that the whole families there
you stay up until midnight it's great
great fun but the actual plant was going
on Joanna as well and it's just so
bright and red and the rounds on my
favorite colors because I'm a Gryffindor
in heart and spirit and soul yeah saying
that I just had a big flashback of when
Haley tweeted I think that she's so
Gryffindor she bleeds red and i
responded I'm so Gryffindor I've LEED
Gold bitch so classy anyway there's been
four videos uploaded so far this week
there's lots of like recommendations and
books and adventures with friends and
that sort of stuff and then I'm hoping
maybe to have any of the weekend as well
basically every day and one up to the
project for awesome next tuesday
tomorrow save the children's christmas
jumper day i'll put more information in
the description bar below you can read
up about that and in a wonderful news
tatiana maslany was nominated for God
for her role of a black hey me and my
plan to go there I've been forgetting to
say this in every video for the last
like four days of something my society6
is doing this thing where it has like a
different deal every single day all of
the saddest face is doing this where you
have like six dollars off a different
item every day today's items pillows I
know some of you guys have seen the
police i have actually have one coming
in the post that introduces a giveaway
probably in January to cheer us up from
all the january blues so just check that
out but obviously no obligation
whatsoever just want to let you guys
know all right bye
