hi guys so as you know last week I went
to see the killers live in London I went
to the event at the event I'm Apollo in
Hammersmith so the official t-shirt from
it and it was amazing and it was to
promote direct hits which is their
greatest hits album which I have right
here I love the song just another girl
on it which is the new song they also
have the original mr. brightside demo as
well which is absolutely brilliant
there's mr. brightside somebody told me
smile like you mean it all these things
I've done when you were young read my
mind for reasons unknown human space
manner just a fairytale runaways ms
atomic bomb the way it was which I love
that they included that on here because
the way it was was one of my favorite
songs of battle born shot at the night
just another girl mr. brightside
original demo when you were young calvin
harris remix which I don't love it kind
of sounds like anyone could have done it
rather than Calvin Harris doing it
himself and be still which is just such
a great way to finish the album oh it's
so beautiful other so clever those
killers they're so clever habits with
Apollo is like a big deal when you for a
lot of musicians and it's you know
really especially if you've got over
London like you've probably seen quite a
lot of gigs a house with Apollo but the
thing is for the killer's it's like a
really small venue and they actually
tend to play quite a few small venues
when they come to London because London
was the first place that really embraced
them and I think they like having that
kind of just soldier and yeah bringing
it back and going to play places like
cocoa and like how a Smith Apollo which
are not tiny but relative to the size of
Wembley Stadium which they played the
summer I'm really small just felt like a
very close group of people watching it
there were two guys who absolutely nuts
and just kept like shoving into me like
full body slams and I push them harder
than I've ever pushed anyone in my life
like I literally two hands like shoved
one of them to decide knows that K back
the f off except I desde f when you walk
towards house with a point it has a
really kind of old-style announcement
concert lettering on the outside as well
as the killers and I went with my friend
Tom and doors were at seven so we got
there like six to be a bit early but
also not to be too early because I had a
lot things to do in the day and he did
as well because it was coming down from
Oxford and we got inside maybe 15 rows
back somehow you know ended up about six
rows from the front they played like an
hour and a half set and it was
absolutely outstanding like the
engagement of the crowd Brandon Flowers
oh my god what a hero
like he can he loves a crowd so much and
he just he has this joy in performing
which I know kind of seems to go without
saying but there was so many acts I've
seen you just do not seem to enjoy
performing whatsoever sometimes it's
because of the context like I saw kings
of leon headline reading and they were
absolutely terrible I had a feeling they
just don't really like reading and just
didn't really want to headline that
first of all the Brandon Flowers is such
like a Las Vegas boy just loves the
performance he loves the stage and he
just gives such a great performance he
just smiles all the time climbing on top
of things and lying down on things and
like waving microphone stands around and
he's such a great performance it's a
thrill to watch him but says everyone
else as well you know all that the rest
of the band they're doing they're so
knows when won't even eat she was doing
his drum solo it's just an electric
performance but I'm kind of getting
ahead of myself here cuz i'm so excited
just thinking about it and indeed when i
got back the gig I just chatting to
anyone who was awake about it and
everyone thought that I was absolutely
smashed or that I was on drugs so yeah
anyway so going back they opened with
shut the night which is such good song
to open with he'd actually open through
that on jools holland or the BBC like
the night before i think it's actually
that joke crowd-pleasing tune that
everyone loves to sing along to and it
just it really gets you going makes you
want to have a really good good night
and as I mentioned the engagement of the
audience before the whole gig Brown was
very keen to push the whole seeing your
long think people just kept going seeing
the baseline after from here on out
finished and then they went back and
played it from the chorus again so that
we could have a whole sing long session
again and that happened at many stages
throughout the night there's lots of
like play and lots of cheeky going back
into the middle of the song brown
flowers also did his acoustic version of
read my mind which I don't know if
you've seen before but if so beeyoutiful
it just kind of is one of those moments
where you want to stop and listen and
not do anything now some people just
basically stand with the whole gig with
that arm of the air foam here with a
camera or taking pictures with a camera
most these people kind of like brought
down those cameras even though that was
almost the ideal setting for video can
you don't have as many people jogging
your hands where people just wanted to
be present and in that moment I can
actually just fill my mouth like talking
away at it again but it was such a
special gig it was so special to be
there for that for them the last have
many times I've seen they finished when
you were young because it's a really
great big one to go out but then they
came back for the Encore with Jenny and
it's very clearly getting to the time
where people have to be out the venue
there was a real panic that passed
around through everyone that they
weren't gonna play most
bright side and I've mentioned this so
many times before but Mr Brightside is
like the single most important song in
the world for me like it is such an
important song to me and I was getting
really worried because firstly I knew
that they not only finished when you
were young and that also they would play
Jenny because it was a big song in the
UK and that was the yag in one of the
first ones that we really embraced so
it's pretty panicked in the back of my
mind that they weren't going to play it
and then that just a little riff started
and the spotlight and was a very last
song they played and it was such a
moment and I just like danced my
bleeding legs off I was so excited to be
dancing there and beat there in that
moment in a house with Apollo with the
killer's listening to that song with my
friend and just having I just felt so in
life I felt so alive I mean I like I
want to say I felt infinite but like
that that's a phrase that's been used
and like pushed to the edge of its
meaning that it has lost meaning for me
but that's what it felt like it felt
like it could go off forever and I
wanted it to go forever but I knew had
to be over but I want to just be that
are in that moment for such a long time
listening to mr. brightside but then ok
so like they've been a couple of times
and drumsticks have been thrown out
throughout the gig like as you do with
the very last set of drumsticks with
thrown out at the end of mr. brightside
and so the very very last one fell
around a meter in front of me and
suddenly everyone like piles down this
dolls grabbing the scruff of my neck and
like yanking me down so for a second I
couldn't breathe I reach down like
grabbed it someone snatches it out of my
hand and then they drop it right in
front of me so I snatched it down grab
this amazing job so to actually have
over here one second and fill it in my
handbag and so here we have a Ronnie
Vannucci drumstick from The Killers gig
and from the mr. brightside encore with
jenny was a friend of mine as well and
look you can see the little ridges you
can buy t-shirts and stuff as I clearly
have and you can buy CDs but gigs are
special because they only exist in your
mind but this is actually one of the few
things that I feel like it's like an
enchanted object it has like a physical
physical power to it and I actually
slept with it under my pillow every
night since I saw the killer's last week
it makes me so happy to have this and it
yeah it feels enchanted and say creator
this is
just my ramble of joy but how much I
love seeing the killers I don't know
whether that's helpful but if you have
seen anyone especially the killers live
recently then just make maybe make a
little video tell me about it and if you
already have just link me to it because
I love seeing that post-gig ecstasy and
other people as long as it's not
actually accessing I mean make your own
choices maybe don't make a video on
ecstasy that would probably be a bad
thing
