hi everyone there's a lot you know I
pretty regularly writing a diary and
I've done that for many many years if
you didn't catch the video where I read
out from some of these Diaries I'll link
that in the description bar below but
basically when I was younger especially
when I was like between the ages of
seven and eleven I would write little
list in the back of all of my Diaries
that would be the top three four or five
guys I was interested at the time I
would write a little date next to each
one and sometimes it was a list of the
same name five times obviously they were
my true luck they just didn't know it
yet story of my life side note so I
recently finished watching orphan black
no spoilers which is a kick has 10
episode program from BBC America of
course about this young woman called
Sarah Manning he was kind of on the run
from a lot of different people as she
witnesses the suicide of a woman who
looks just like her she takes this dead
woman's identity and you have to watch
to find out the rest I'm watching a lot
of really good television at the moment
I'm in a really good place for
television some of that television isn't
actually quality it's just delicious
anyway for whatever reason the other day
I started making lists like I did when I
was a kid of guys I liked one of these
lists were the guys on TV list so i
thought i'd share it for your education
none of these guys are the usual
suspects by the way there are no david
tennant's on this lips these are new
people it's about meeting new people so
they're yeah five guys let's dive in
number one Dylan Bruce who plays Paul in
orphan black Dylan Bruce is Canadian
tall gorgeous very handsome a little bit
dark and kind of creepy I texted my
friend Emily to tell her how great
flight was to canadia for giving us the
gift of Dylan Bruce to which her only
response was you're welcome also there
are bomb scenes number two Rupert
frantic pace Peter Quinn in
home-and-home Anne's kind of gone to the
toilet a bit the series first it's
really slow and then it washes through
all the good bits I don't know how that
description mirror is going to the
toilet but whatever Quinn's protective
nature while still maintaining what a
kick-ass hero and strong committed brave
lady carriers has won me over plus he
also has the dark Rudy sitting in a
corner thing and the bomb scenes number
three Josh Bowman who plays Daniel
Grayson on the ABC series revenge who is
by the way apparently English and a
former professional rugby player what
the things you can learn from Wikipedia
man and no you're supposed to go for
Aiden but for whatever reason I don't
you would think that Aiden would be my
type with all the dark and broody corner
boots that's actually I think a little
bit too obvious Daniel loves Emily and
has the potential to be a great man also
he is totally doomed and both of these
things combined to make him attractive
in my book which says a whole
about me number four Andy Jordan who
plays Andy Jordan and made in chelsea
yes I watched fade in Chelsea yes you
may throw things at me but Andy fondly
named nostrils by so many it's just so
endearing also as he saw this week he
has a lovely voice is very talented and
manages to pull off a sort of sleeveless
plaid shirt thing he's also got the
whole chance of crossing and he's a bit
of a romantic and you just think he'd be
like a really fun person today number
five is Scott Foley who plays Jake
Ballard on scandal also not the guy
you're supposed to root for what the
hell is wrong with me anyway to be
honest I think Fitz is a total prick and
I want him to lose his presidency so
that we can have presidency borns
actually of state CJ Cregg chief of
staff Josh Lyman vice president Donna
moss so Jake Ballard who seems like he
actually gives a crap about Olivia
Pope's well-being is my guy also he has
that dark and smoldering thing you know
like it's just like just the corners and
the shadows and the kind eyes and yeah
okay anyway I'm going to wrap up
whatever that was right here but that
also gives you an idea of the television
that i'm watching the moment with the
exception made in chelsea these are all
high-quality programs not for the man
although all these actors are fantastic
but for their women and for the
directors and for the writing and the
dialogue and the plot throwing you a
bone here homeland still sometimes I
feel like I spent so much time being
very conscious of whatever I do talk
about boys and try not to talk about
boys all the time that I forget how fun
it is and it can be to talk about boys
so we just did that let me know your top
five guys or girls from television in
comments and also tell me what you're
watching I'm gonna go see the killers
which I am freaking out bout because
they're my favorite band in the whole
universe and Brandon Flowers is just
like ah amazing otherwise I will see you
guys on Friday okay bye
