hi everyone I'm an Amsterdam on the very
last day of filming of The Fault in Our
Stars I got to come up to am stone which
was just really really cool because it's
such a special parts of the birth
because it has a part of the story and i
also just didn't really think I'd have
the opportunity to ever do something
like this and thrill for John and throw
for everyone and it's been really fun
but also I got to see the beautiful city
of Amsterdam which I've never been to
before all of my friends was tell me off
especially my American friends always
tell me off for not seeing him what
enough of Europe I spent a lot of time
in lots of places that aren't here I
can't really complain though it's been
raining a lot while we're here today was
the first truly lovely day it was very
sunny in the morning I went round and
took lots of pictures before um doing
some work stuff and it's just it's like
everyone so welcoming and kind and I was
very nervous about the whole English
thing and I don't like being in a place
where I don't speak the language because
it makes me feel really rude everyone
here is just it has been lovely I
finished look on the plane called
strange weather in Tokyo it's a really
great story about how a relationship
develops between two people and how a
lot of time just kind of being in their
presence like that's a very important
thing when you don't have that you miss
it yeah I think above all it was like a
novel about being present which has been
a big thing for me here as well you know
obviously I can't show you some of the
things I've seen when I'm here but i
also haven't really taken money because
it's been a real gift to be present and
to yeah just to be here i'm pretty tired
actually i don't know how that happened
I all of a sudden got pretty exhausted
but I flying back to my morning um and
probably I see John again until vague
one which is a crazy theory enough but
me let's have a little look at the
beautiful houses of amsterdam on some
very lovely twilit evening
