hi everyone so if you live in the UK
charts as I you've seen some people
walking around carrying one of these and
then if you don't live in the UK but you
live on the internet chances are you've
seen a picture of someone walking around
carrying one of these put very very
simply the books on my bad campaign is
publishers and booksellers coming
together to promote shopping in
bookshops but rosianna you ask why are
they doing that with one book shop
closing every week and a third of all
book shops closing in the last ten years
they and I are a little bit worried in
fact as some of you know the bookshop
the line in unicorn that I used to work
in closed around a month ago it was open
back in the late 70s by Roald Dahl
himself and its closure was a great and
serious loss for the community so yeah I
care about this a lot it's not just
booksellers and publishers who got
involved it's also the lovely people at
national book tokens and they along with
the nice people at ebru press who
publish lien in gave me a 50-pound book
token to make a little bit of a haul for
my channel which is really nice of them
because it meant I could buy hardbacks
yeah anyway I wanted to talk you through
some of the books in my bag at last that
long long long last maddaddam the new
Margaret Atwood novel I've been so
excited for this book for such a long
time I really really loved oryx and
crake I also really like the year of the
flood and basically everything that
Margaret Atwood has ever written but
because I love those books so much and
this is a particularly important
installment in the Margaret Atwood
library that is you know the books
behind me really is that you read this
really love the rejecting of all her old
books as well we're very much in this
bright spring breakers star cover really
excited to read this one and going to
delve into it ASAP I also picked up
invisible which is a nonfiction book
about Britain's migrants sex workers
it's written by a journalist who went in
and worked as a housekeeper and one of
the brothels and no the UK I know fair
bit about the sex workers trade in the
mainland Europe but I don't know so much
about it in the UK strangely enough then
I bought one of the books shortlisted
for the man booker a tale for the time
being by ruth ozeki i've heard your fix
things about hard the books and I'm
excited to read this one especially now
that's getting that recognition through
the nomination the Sunday Times says it
is a triumph as a key explores what it
means to be human in this moment right
now
a novel is saturated with love loss and
compassion in short an absolute treat
but yeah I have a read and let you know
finally a book that I've wanted to own
since it came out I follow up to another
book of this author and personalities
that I really love it's lauren conrad's
beauty book has lots of step by steps in
it and tips and tricks and that sort of
stuff just general general Lauren Conrad
life advice I just I really love her
guys I can't help it this will be
helpful for maybe a small series of
videos that I maybe we'll be making in
the future so that's what I got with my
books in my bag National Book token
really fun to go into a bookshop and
properly browse and read all the staff
recommendations and you know just all
this favorite things like going up an
article member of staff would you
recommend this one say no but you should
read this one instead that's what I love
about it I love going into a bookshop
and having that conversation from the
starting point and also the fact that
you can go in and not talk to anyone if
you want book shops are just the
greatest places and booksellers are the
greatest people am I biased maybe so it
goes if you've got our books in my bag
bag then do take a picture of it and
tweet at me cuz I'll be fun to make a
little collages and make a warranty with
your nice orange bags and also to Emil
book calls send me everything I like to
watch things by the time this goes up i
would have internet it's going to be
very exciting the end
