hi everyone my name is Roxana and this
is the 2013 lady's survey the photos
puck this video is going to be the
questions and this year's survey the
second what video is going to be my
answers to the questions of this year's
survey the survey it's open to ladies
and gentlemen and other anyone who wants
to do it please take your friends you
don't have to do it via forum you can do
it in text whatever however you want to
do it tag your responses with ladies
survey and women on YouTube as well
that's pretty much it so let's go
question 1 do you agree that women have
a harder time when the Internet than men
why and is it helpful or harmful to
acknowledge that question 2 what is the
most helpful book or article you've read
or film you've watched your video you've
seen this year about women hood question
3 do you think a focus on supportive
networks of women is beneficial or
harmful to the cause question 4 what
have you done personally to support
women creators online this year do you
think that things are better right now
than they were this time of year ago
what do you pledge to do this coming
year to support women creators finally
question 5 who are your five favorite
female internet people whether that's
video bloggers or podcasters bloggers
anything and the thing at all at the end
now it's time for me to answer those
questions yes I continue to believe that
the Internet is harder for women than it
is the matta it's partly due to the
harassment stuff that I've talked about
before they all say I think it's because
we dismiss everything that women created
we also have these very weird ways of
defining success as well there were a
lot of things working against women by
far the most important material or
whatever media I have encountered this
year about womanhood is leaning by
Sheryl Sandberg that reframed a lot of
things for me it was a really important
time when you know I graduated a few
months before from University and I come
up against a lot of problems that I
didn't see myself encountering and you
know I didn't I thought I was pretty
confident but it turned out that I
wasn't and there was a lot of
apologizing going on for everything
Nalini and really readjusted that
attitude but also gave me the tools with
which to talk about the problems that
women face I felt very motivated by that
book I didn't feel like oh this is the
state of women everywhere now what the
 do you I'm in favor of supporting
networks of women I'm not sure that this
is really very formal networks like that
are for everyone I got to a stage where
I realized that I have all these great
friends who
and who I really admire and who are
struggling with the same things I am
struggling with we can talk together and
we there are ways for us to have
conversation there's Skype and there's
Facebook messages and kind of big group
messages or have group texts a lot
there's women also video bloggers and
they're also writers and there they do
not the same things that I do so the
problems they encounter that are quite
specific and that I encounter that are
quite specific to what we do they're
there for that and I know that not
everyone has that which is kind of why I
do want to take this these issues and
these conversations to YouTube where
more people can have that conversation
and more people can join in with it this
year more than any I've made more of an
effort to watch things written by women
and read things written by women
starring women I've tried to find things
that show women as complex characters
that's been a huge change and it's
something that's affected my buying
habits greatly I things better now for
women they were a year ago no I didn't
think so
I think it's kind of stagnated I've seen
a lot more dismissal go on this year
than kind of ever before of things that
women do and that women excel at and I
find that really disheartening that I'm
also to me is nothing more disheartening
than having groups of people say time
and time again like oh that person's
just talking about women's rights again
she's always going on about feminism
that stuff and I feel like that's come
to the forefront a lot more even when we
do talk about things like in pop culture
like blurred lines or or Miley Cyrus or
whatever if you're talking about the
women's issues associated with that all
of a sudden we were dismissed and I just
feel like it's happening more than ever
or maybe it's just because I'm focusing
on it more I don't know in the next year
I pledge to work on the women project
which was this videoblog
plan thing that I really wanted to do
just didn't follow through with because
I ran out of time or he wasn't really
important my energy that hopefully will
get there I don't know but my five
favorite online women at the moment stay
away from people who are my super close
friends because that would be like
horrendously biased and I just talk
about how much I love them and if
they're very boring for you
Nathalie Tran we're still in love and
he's just amazing
Tavi Gevinson who are developed I've
always really liked her but this year
I've developed a serious obsession with
her Marina marina shuts out her most
recent videos have really
taking my breath away she posted this
poem called 100 pennies that was
exceptional but she's also been talking
a lot about harassment from people that
you know and you are familiar with and
kind of the idea of saying if someone
and then having them completely ignore
that I really love achelous videos
smoothie freak I think she's fantastic
I was really excited when I found her
channel because I was like this so many
videos to watch a number five I would
say Laci green Laci is just such a hero
figure to me I think she's amazing
she cares so deeply about these issues
and she cares so deeply about us all
looking after ourselves and she's not in
any way patronizing either she always
comes from a place of wanting to educate
people and I just I think she's
sensational people I'm tagging in the
description below because I haven't
decided at the point of making this
video my tag like five girls and some
boys I'm looking forward to seeing your
responses and I was talking to you soon
bye
