hi everyone so when I was growing up
back in the day I was but like summer
was all about lightness like reading
summer blockbusters fluff fluff fluff
that idea there was summer as the site
of like trashy reading and light of
films was never the case of me I
actually prefer to do those things
throughout the school year and
everything else was really intense and
heavy in the summer I had the time to
read and think about the toughest books
and despite working a lot throughout
most of my summers the idea of going
somewhere and not thinking just did not
appeal to me whatsoever
probably a floor so three things
combined recently firstly a little while
ago I read how to get filthy rich and
rising Asia by Machine Hameed secondly
last week I went to see the Seth Rogen
film this is the end which was so funny
has an amazing cast of characters and a
little bit of rapture humor which always
just keeps me going and then thirdly
they're lovely people at penguin sent me
ten billion by Steven Emmett you can't
really see how Orange it is but it is
very orange - how to get filthy rich and
rising AJ is an amazing story of
becoming successful businessman in a
developing nation but I loved the speed
of the story and how quickly become
attached to these characters even though
the author is speaking about them as
though they're you addressing you
directly that first seems quite
arresting but quickly becomes just as
comfortable as reading in first person
or third so it's a really terrific novel
and I had the privilege of meeting with
senior Meade earlier this year this is
the end is basically a comedy about the
rapture and then finally 10-billion is a
nonfiction book about the state of the
world specifically a dire state of
emergency an exploration of how the
world is going to change when it holds
10 billion people and even more than
that and miss account is really well
spaced throughout the book giving you
time to think about the questions and
think about the fact that he's putting
forward there are also photographs and
other graphs I often feel really
intimidated by graphs and like look over
and skip over them but the spacing of
them throughout the book made them much
less intimidating but also much more
terrifying because they actually
understood them or aspects of them at
least so I was thinking about these
three stories and thinking which one was
the zeitgeist I mean you immediately you
would think of a Seth Rogen film because
it treats like massive planetary change
with such humor but then has a very
exaggerated quickfix solution to it and
then with how to get filthy rich from
rising Asia you see the importance of
learning these countries develop and
letting them find their footing because
they're getting so we're so much quicker
than we ever did and then as we see in
10 billion of
see that's having really difficult
effects from the planet and by difficult
I mean catastrophic we can't just sit on
our thrones and say oh they should cut
that down they should emit less they
should do less deforestation whatever
that's once again shocking our
responsibility to deal with it so my
friend Marion and I were talking about
this on our way to the bus stop and
talking about the big like impact that
films like An Inconvenient Truth had
when we first saw them and even things
like The Day After Tomorrow there was a
time when it was really like cool to
care about the environment when we
started to really educate ourselves to
climate change but then it will return
to being a very inconvenient truth and I
am a hundred percent guilty of that like
I am flying to California in a week I do
not live as sustainably as I could live
there's so much more that we could all
do but it's inconvenient and it would
changes patterns because it had the
level of commitment we need on any level
at the planet temperature is just going
to go up and up and up and we keep
missing goals because it's inconvenient
and because it's too much to change it
feels like too much to change so you
think you always three stories a
nonfiction one which I think is gonna do
well it's gonna do well among people who
like to spread these sorts of things
with their friends and you talk about it
and I wonder if it kind of would do well
for a summer or a Christmas or whatever
and then fade and then people will stop
paying attention to it it will stop
being the front of their mind then
you've got how to get filthy rich and
raising Asia which is a very clever
story and makes me think a lot but its
purpose is absolutely not just for
awareness about climate change still it
does allow for a certain lifestyle
understanding and makes the people in
those countries that we're like oh they
she's just improvable they should just
kind of get over it that makes them more
human and their experiences in a
developing nation more human and then
you've got the South Oregon model like
is it going to be comedy and Hollywood
blockbusters that finally get us a
constantly pay attention is there
constantly paying attention or is it
going to be one big blockbuster film
every once in a while like the day after
tomorrow that gets us talking for a bit
and then we stop talking it just makes
me wonder whether we will actually ever
properly pay attention even when like
environmental disasters every way even
when food shortages and water shortages
creating famine everywhere will we pay
attention properly I'm dubious I never
thought myself as a pessimist but I'm
pretty pessimistic about this so what do
you think it would take to get people to
stop paying attention
the changes in our world today oh well
we continue hoping that the rapture will
save us or some other solution that
takes away any sense of our personal
responsibility or need to make drastic
changes in our lifestyle let me know in
comments guys and I will see you on
Thursday bye
