hey everyone so speaking today about
those self image videos that I and so
many other youtubers made back at the
beginning of 2013 and I was kind of
thinking about how every single video on
your channel is a sort of self image
video I think I watch a few video
brothers videos after that kind of
framing them as what if the title of
this had been self image 2013 or
whatever I found it really revealing and
I just kind of suggests that as a
project how do you think that if I were
to make a specifically self image video
now halfway through 2013 my outlook
would be quite different my job has
changed and then also it's a different
time of year and very seasonal I
absolutely hate winter I can't stand it
makes me so so miserable it's so dark
and it's horrible but June which like
even though it hasn't been that amis
been warm today even though it hasn't
been that warm the days are longer and
it just makes me so much happier I'm
just like completely yeah a completely
different person really one thing I have
been thinking about a lot though is the
sort of brand idea of the channel I'm
getting so many like business proposals
and that sort of stuff through my
business and email and like a lot of
them I just don't even really look at
I'm obviously made me correspond with
publishers when they tell me about all
these new exciting books that they're
releasing that's been really cool game
to read more and more of them just
before they're out so get let's get you
on it and get to kind of know my stuff
just as I used to but other than that I
have had to be kind of brand focus less
about brand in terms of what I want to
sell the money I want to make less the
commercial side of a brand but more what
I want my videos to stand forward and
you know I guess the value aspect of the
brat what we have here is extremely
valuable and that isn't something you
can really put a price on and the
conversations we do have here of
extremely valuable and then I think the
next challenge to me at least is having
decided what I value it's kind of being
as consistent as possible with it
because it's obviously I think always
going to be points where you kind of
different for you don't really live up
to what you want to live up to as long
as you're being at least fairly
consistent and in trying to get there um
I think that's a big thing I think
that's a big plus it's hard because I
want to talk about this but I don't want
to name any specific companies or
specific projects that would like
identify anyone there have been things
that I
been offered just like yeah I could do
it and then I can get money but even if
you guys didn't news or respect for me
which if I reviewer I would lose all
respect for me that wouldn't be what the
channel is Forrest channel has never
been a cash cow it's never been a way
for me to make money and those times
that I do kind of promote things like my
recipe book or like always all that
society6 stuff I was talking about a lot
this weekend now appears down down here
that stuff that's been really fun for me
to do also something that I hope you
never feel is like an obligation like
you have to buy it to watch the channel
or anything like that because that's so
could not be farther from the truth it's
just something that um I like to do and
that this website has de sylhet ated and
by this website I mean society6 and
YouTube and like it come road and these
other really cool cool projects and I do
really enjoy the spontaneity of it I
wish I could make like five videos a
week like grace does for example i don't
think i have that in me and i also still
want to spend a lot of my time writing
as well so yeah i don't know i guess
this has been a video so next week i'm
gonna do a bling ring week cuz fling
ring is out in the UK on friday then you
Sofia Coppola film I'm gonna be talking
about pretty wild on monday and
wednesday i'm going to be discussing the
bling ring book by nancy jo sales then
or friday straight after seeing it i'm
going to review the film maybe with some
little help from my friends sigh friends
I mean sparkling wine I don't know if
this video makes a little sense I think
it does or if I'm just really tired and
can't even remember what I've just said
which is really promising either way but
I'm gonna go and yeah I'll be seeing you
guys three times next week actually four
times because I'm gonna be on the vlog
brothers channel and tuesday so yeah
busy week to say the least hi
