taylor swift book recommendations the
knife of never ever ever letting go
catch i don't know about you but I'm
feeling 22 The Unbearable star lightness
of being if I stay stay stay As I Lay
tied together with a smile dying the
last time travelers wife blood but
loving him was red a red burning red
snow white and finally the sad beautiful
tragic lovesong of j alfred Prufrock and
other poems
if you have any Taylor's with book
recommendations let me know in comments
oh and by the way there's just over 24
hours left or free worldwide shipping on
my society6 page and another know I've
been getting loads of questions about
the women on YouTube panel at VidCon
which is really flattering and you've
seen the agenda has seen that it's not
on that basically I was really um had a
lot to sort out so I couldn't really
sort it out earlier this year because
things were just a bit too crazy for me
and that's saying something however I
was talking with Lacey quite recently
only talking about doing some sort of an
official meetup thing and I think that's
probably what we're going to do and so
stay tuned about it obvious but unlike
my tumblr and on here as well and and
just keep you in the know so yeah
alright I'll see you guys tomorrow bye I
got these today and then I'm so
ridiculously bright but extremely
comfortable yay
