hi everyone since today's a book review
video I'm going to work one book the
bone season by Samantha Shannon which
has been very much height it's not out
in the UK until the twentieth of august
2013 it's published by blues free it's
going to be a series of seven it has
already started to appear in all the
kind of book sections of magazines such
as glamour and like the one to look out
for and I know a lot of people are
getting advance review copies as well
like they've really push the early
influence side of marketing the force is
strong on this one I have to say my
thing is that the force is not strong we
have a somewhat different opinion of the
book from all the reviewers and people
who are pushing it this early on but
I'll get into that in a second the boy
sees in a set in the relatively near
future in London it offers an alternate
history over the last 200 years or so
leading up to the present day where we
meet Paige clairvoyance see has been
outlawed and that basically means that
anyone who has a relationship with the
ether or the supernatural and anyway
whether that's card reading will be able
to tell the future that sort of thing be
kind outlaw a person obviously these
people aren't all going to want to run
away from their home so what's happened
is that all these syndicates all these
kind of crime gangs have formed instead
and Paige is part of one of those it's
hard to say too much without spoiling
some of the early surprises of the book
but less to say that page is extremely
capable very selfish short which is
refreshing i have to say from is a super
natural talent which you didn't really
understand at first I guess cost her a
lot of her like general vitality she
always wakes up and has to be on oxygen
on life support afterwards so I found
that all quite promising i like having
disturbing book set in London because
it's familiar to me and it's just cool
to see people's interpretations of it in
the future so first I was really
laughing it up but then I feel like
there was a point at which the world
establishment stopped and we sort of
hurtled forward with the story which is
fine like that doesn't doesn't have to
be all about the wild one thing i will
say that is that throughout the sort of
world establishment side of it was
definitely much more fatel than a show i
do feel like there are opportunities for
me the reader to experience the world
through page as she's discovering it but
there's opportunities were missed and
instead favored for like a sort of
historical run down or or very like
technical explanation and which was like
less good in my view that's good yeah
that's my English degree view a bit less
good anyway to page a situation at some
point quite early on changes to say the
least it becomes a bit more
a beauty in the beast story as this on
the Beast a whole new politics to learn
about and I guess the question is
whether her life in this new community
is different from her life in her old
community again something that should
have been shown rather than told I mean
as a couple of suggestions of it towards
the end where it's like was this so
different should have really just let me
come to that conclusion I think maybe
I'm putting too much faith in the reader
but I like putting faith in the reader
so I think subtle tea was kind of lucky
but i did also feel actually gain new
skills will discovered her use of her
own skills to quickly it didn't really
for that kind of failure before being
successful nothing happened on a much
smaller timescale then there was a point
where it leapt forward a few months
don't really understand why it's the
like book to look out for but whatever
like it's a fun it's a fun George get
into the side effect of when things are
hyped the question why they thought it
was sensible to latch it onto this other
book so that while you're reading it as
a person he's reviewing it and as
someone who's like looked all the
publicity materials to this but why'd
you have that other book in your mind
because there's so many things that
books like The Hunger Games is just as
smart as I was with the sequels saving
things that that book does for the way
you think about society in communities
and your personal role in it but I felt
like this didn't do it all and not doing
it how to do that but I think that if
you kind of align it with the Hunger
Games and you were saying that it does a
similar thing and it immediately doesn't
do that immediately falls flat at that
hurdle and then there's apartment they
did get bit twilit and I did get annoyed
it like the whole very much older and
very much younger dynamic I wanted to
like this book that everyone was talking
about but I didn't I don't often give
bad reviews here because I prefer
talking about books that I liked but
because this one is so hyped I felt like
I should talk about another aspect of it
is the whole thing about it being a
seventh book series and obviously
because that's published by blue three
who thought which harry potter you kind
of can't help but feel they're trying to
find their next big thing which of
course the naturally tried to do because
how i push did the best thing for their
money that ever has but it's also made
been kind of a little bit lazier I dare
to say in their kind of curation of the
young adult space anyway so not to make
this about how reported versus any other
book the thing I like about Harry Potter
is that even though it's a seven book
series each book is very much its own
complete story and you could read it in
isolation of this ends in a sort of
cliffhanger but also doesn't feel very
complete I think that is also something
that could have been done better I feel
very strongly and I could be entirely
wrong that good series books have to be
their own book in isolation like The
Hunger Games or Northern Lights of those
sorts of things maybe that's my favorite
probably is my fave anyway I was sweet
you guys tomorrow don't forget there's
free shipping on my society 6.com /
rosianna shop page until Sunday midnight
midnight sunday so nearly Monday what do
you liked these sunglasses that I wore
my other video they're actually from
forever 21 they're like five pounds it's
a miracle this was also from forever 21
yeah I never really go to forever 21 but
when I do I find the good stuff to know
it doesn't cost that much and it's as
likely to break is anything i buy from
any other store so yeah magic doing a
half weeks to LA yeah I'm never gonna
see a good corn in comments by
