briefly let us go back to Madrid where
when I last left you it was looking at
the sky full of birds and the late onset
of A Midsummer Night I spent one of my
final days in the city walking to the
reina sofia to see the dali exhibition
and the permanent collection Clara
latina and the royal palace to Placer my
yard and through the streets in between
it was walking through the streets that
I began to notice how much graffiti
there is Madrid big bright colors a bit
often painted on the greats that will
cool down in front of shops at night I
remembered very clearly reading Norman
Mailer's piece the face of graffiti at
vassar above all the line for six and a
half centuries we have been moving from
the discovery of humanity into the
circulation of the name when these shops
stop selling shoes and clothes and
miniature matter tools and clothes off
the day the name and the ego occupies
the space in a way many regard is
transgressive because it's not seen as
an authentic use of the space but as I
walked outside the railings of the
palace and in the quiet of the Cathedral
where there was a uniform and a set
volume to obey I was reminded that
graffiti is not the only way in which we
claim spaces we always claims faces
we've been here so long that untouched
loses its meaning not all that much time
has passed that Spain had a dictator
whose claim over the space was absolute
when you think in those terms it's no
wonder Madrid is so covered in graffiti
and then many have said that their
aversion to graffiti is down to the fact
that it's a decoration we have no
control over but we have no say about
billboards and buildings for the most
part so why do we focus on graffiti
there's a theory in urban sociology if
the surface of the city has broken
windows or graffiti it fosters a sense
that crimes authorized amiss it E but
there's a better angle I think and it's
partly male is and partly mine that
graffiti is powerful because it
celebrates that the city is out of
control and celebrates the scent that
when I wasn't here someone else was in
criticizing graffiti are we trying to
escape the reality of other people
probably I think that's partly what so
disappointing about the attempt to get
rid of the graffiti on the south bank in
London because it feels like a
generation already inclined to fill
ignored as being raised with white
spirit and paint and what's worse that
arisia is
easy
you
