hi everyone so look you know the first
job I ever had was in a bookshop at
George's bookshop in Richmond called the
line in unicorn bookshop and I worked
there every saturday and sunday during
second school why it's really really
hard through that and they also work
they're doing like my university
holidays and any time I had off really I
would be there it was really close to my
house it's like a 10 minute walk from my
house and it was like it's a really
lovely space it has all sorts of amazing
really great selection of books actually
the best created young adult section
there is in the UK I think and it's just
like it's quite small it's all on one
floor but it's a really fun space and I
remember going there as a child's as
well Roald Dahl open the shop in 1977
and he is the first in the furthest away
on the big war photographs or the many
many many events they've had in that
shop my two sisters are also on that
wall and a black and white picture next
to Rolf Harris and yeah so there are so
many greats up there but today I got the
very sad news something I'd suspected
for a while but also something that had
apparently been in denial about the
whole time as well because I got really
upset when I found out that it was
actually happening that the line and you
know comfort shop will be closing and in
August that's what they thinks it's
really hard to talk about to other
people because a lot of people don't
really understand what space is to you
and in a way it can be really hard to
convey this or formative aspect a place
like that and your first job especially
can have in your life I used to bio
babysat before that but I also that was
like my first proper job it's just so
sad and it's such a loss for southwest
London and for all of London really and
that shop has so many partnerships with
so many schools and when I was there
that was what I really really learnt to
read critically into I don't know find
what it is about a certain book it makes
you love it and to put that into words
in a way that shot really trained me for
being able to talk about books on here I
talked about them before in a sort of
vague way and I mean sometimes I relapse
into that now but it just it made me
want to share books with people more
than anything and before like reading
had been kind of a solitary activity
that kept myself and I very much felt
that these books for my books and I
didn't really would share them and
reading was my thing but working that
bookshop really showed me how important
it is to share that love of reading
whether it's with someone
who is a reluctant reader or someone who
loves reading as much as you do and
there's a real joy to be found in that
when that person somebody came with the
street or an aspiring author or a
celebrity they all kind of a looking for
that book that will grab them and that
to me was really appealing and then of
course another key role of my Muslim
people would come in asking for Twila
and say you might think you want do I
like what you actually want is X Y Zed
but then I also have caused games from
the copy of twilight they requested
because you know customer service it was
in that book shop that I got this and it
was in that book shop that I got this
and looking with rascal especially was
entirely on a recommendation I came in
after school and and spoke to you one of
the people who watched the bookshop you
later became colleague of mine and it
was on the recommended read shelf but
she said you absolutely must read it and
it's that thing that we're going to miss
so much we will lack that so much when
we eventually push independent bookshops
and real like handcent book shops out
the picture and we're going to lose
people like Tony you worked at the line
unicorny were hood you felt like he'd
read absolutely everything he knew just
what you were looking for and he talks
about it he talks about books in a way
that make you feel like they're really
magical there's really something to be
discovered in them whether or not
there's any element of fantasy in them
then there's people like John who works
there as well you find this amazing
gritty teen reads but also finds this
fun junior fiction venture stories a
really good sense of humor dhone about
dragon detectives was Margaret who's
like queen of team alongside Sean as
well who loves the dystopia in the
fairyland and then Jenni who's owned the
shop after all this time minutes and
it's hard so it's just I so sad to me
that it's going I feel sad about this
and I felt about when we sold our house
like the house I grew up in the house
that my parents are in for like 30 years
I feel so much sadder about this book
shop closing than I thought about that
and that might sound terrible to say and
like I'm sure that a lot of people would
be confused about that but to me it's
just it's a huge loss because I know
that other kids are going to move into
my house you know and like there's
another family living
there now and dagenham an amazing time
there it's going to be part of their
memory and I like that I take comfort in
that but in fact that kids aren't going
to have the lining eunuch around and the
fact that teenagers aren't gonna be able
to wander in it and find the next thing
out of book and you know it just is so
sad to me however let's guess I'm really
self-serving now but I have put up more
designs on my society6 page and they've
got quite a fun response so far so do go
check them out there is free worldwide
shipping until the end of sunday i
believe can get stuff like this Emma
Stone cushion and things like don't talk
to me during the jackal and other stuff
as well now I'm like three weeks away
from go to California which is amazing
but also means I have so much to do in
the meantime so it's going to be a
little bit crazy for me from here on out
but I will be making video every day
this week don't really make him think I
was in Madrid and I thought I could
needed a push for myself so we'll be
doing that as well as a sort of PS i'm
curious to know what from your kind of
childhood town or city whatever would
you be most devastated to see closed
down and also i'm raineesha to know
whether you guys think that independent
bookshops still have a role in our sort
of like online shopping discount
shopping society like what do you see
independent bookshops is offering if
anything i will see you guys tomorrow
bye
