hey guys say shame really talk about
some books and I'm really quite a lot of
books at the moment going through quite
a lot so taking out the ones that I most
liked and then one that I really didn't
like and it's raining a little bit about
that and why that happened these are the
works I'm going to talk about today
firstly because I went to an event of
hers over the weekend more in Johnson's
book the Magnus underneath which is the
second in the shades of London series
the first one this is a UF cover and
it's a US advance Reuters copy as well
so I'm Fomorian hey it's called the name
of the star it's about the return of
Jack the Ripper the second one follows
on from the rather explosive finale
there'll be no spoilers about the first
or second book in this video both
feature Rory as the narrator and
protagonist and she's an American living
in the UK after her parents have moved
over to Bristol she goes to Wexford a
boarding school based in Whitechapel
really near one of my favorite branches
of the breakfast club or an artillery
lane as well I really enjoyed the second
installment I thought it out really well
with trauma and ideas of mental illness
a big part of my dissertation at the end
of university was about reverse there's
a lot of Cathy Carruth an unclaimed
experience but generally as well there's
still such a stigma around mental
illness and this kind of explores that
in relation to bedlam in the earlier
days of London that's the madness
underneath by maureen johnson and if you
haven't read the first one the name of
the star the second book i'm going to
talk about is one that a lot of people
have mentioned and also has a quite
reddish cover it's the end games by T
Michael Martin who's actually a
nerdfighter in youtuber by the time I
started to read this I was getting
really bored of reading books and rated
by boys and about boys and just very boy
heavy so I was quite skeptical going in
but I really really loved it if I had to
revisit second to school and pick your
main theme of this book I would think it
was definitely brotherhood and loyalty
but i also think a lot about this
reminds me of The Wizard of Oz the l
frank Baum but can I guess in many ways
the film and you should depend but with
zombies to every statement of mine so
it's an exploration of heroism but with
zombies an exploration of brotherhood
but with zombies an exploration of
military culture but with zombies
there's even like ear zombies I'm not a
zombie person either the only things I
like a zombie course by John Green and I
also liked zombieland because it has
emma stone in it and she's best person
in the world or sue Bill Murray I really
thought the end games was great it was
two brothers running away from home and
that plan getting slightly altered by
the presidents of zombies very much
voting German very much a coming-of-age
story but with zombies so that's it the
one I really didn't like out the way a
working theory of love
we've got hudgens it has a great cover
it's very 500 days of summer the cover
and the premise is pretty promising Neal
works in a company that's developing the
sort of supercomputer this very
intelligent being a computer that
eventually needs passed a test to see
whether it can trick judges into
thinking that it's human but here's the
thing all the computers memories are
from the journals of Neil's late dad who
committed suicide really great premise
really great hook it actually turns out
to be whole book a bowl about Neil and
all about how his marriages failed and
it's really dull in that all the women
are such cardboard cutout characters and
they're so not interesting and all his
little epiphanies about those characters
as well aren't like in any way
establishing there was really fully
realized women and just generally I
didn't have any interest in Neil I
didn't have any interest in what he was
taking from this experiment with his
father's memory so I do like things that
are hopeful in some sort of small way
that was more story to be taken from
such a great idea of having a computer
be filled with the memory as a few late
father like I I was not so satisfied by
this I guess but in more positive news I
popped by penguin recently and they gave
me a copy of picture me gone which is
Microsoft's new book which is coming out
the fifth September this year meg rosoff
work how i live now which is one of my
all-time favorite teen books what's
really great of writing transatlantic
stories about people in the u.s. courage
to live in the UK and vice versa in this
case it's a little more of the vice
versa its milla who's 12 years old and
she lives in London with her parents
neither and her family have planned a
trip around the US when her dad gets a
call that his best friend who lives out
and the States has gone missing the
timings really weird especially as they
will do to go and visit him but it
immediately becomes a bit more of a
mystery book even more so because Mila
is extraordinarily perceptive she's kind
of like that Charlotte famous figure and
that she doesn't understand what other
people aren't as perceptive but she's
perhaps a few heaps teaspoonfuls more
humble not only was this a wonderful
father daughter story I felt like the
narration was really similar to that of
how i live now the kind of narrative
voice of it was really similar funny
enough that's actually what the person
who gave it to me said I enjoyed frost
off southern novels but not in the same
way that I enjoyed how i live now and
picture me gone is definitely a return
to form in that sense I would also say
I know when people say plain reading and
train reading they imagine really light
trashy books and you kind of pick off
the shelves or 3424 me though this is
definitely the ideal plane or train read
in that it's pretty short it's at 190
pages it's really well-written it's a
high quality story it's interesting you
kind of grip throughout if Alan they
were able to project himself right into
the future and standing on the platform
extra railway station thinking of
paperbacks and dreaming up a penguin
this is a sort of book that he'd want to
publish which is so appropriate because
this books published by penguin so you
know it works but that's picture me gone
and it's out septemberfest I just had a
flash of what it's like it's a slightly
younger Paper Towns I would say but if
you're older then that's ok as well but
it's also got something of Skellig
Annette slightly David almondy they were
on to the last and certainly not the
least is this is my favorite book of the
bunch so far Titus and lassies gone and
Moscow this wonderful book is about
whether you can ever leave home or
whether you can ever go back to your
home it's about family and generations
and death and life and everything I'd
love it I really really really love it
that was vague so let me give you a
little bit more information it's one of
those books that starts with
pronunciations and with the family tree
as you can see pronunciations family
tree the first chapter opens with a man
about to die and he's about to die his
beautiful home in Ghana and what
followed the chapters that flip between
Boston and akram Boston and Accra
through the perspective of different
members of this great family and that
question of the authentic experience the
authentic home whether you can ever go
back somewhere whether somewhere is your
home one of my favorite bits comes very
very early on in the book one of the
main characters in this book as a
character called kwaku is a surgeon and
a father to a number of children one of
whom is a girl called daiwa she's an
insomniac and she's up in the middle of
the night goes into the living room and
see so far the fallen asleep on the sofa
quakers obsessed with slippers he's all
about the slippers he has his huge
baskets of them and tries to make
everywhere slippers all the time on this
occasion and his feet are bare on the
sofa and she looks under the soles of
his feet for the first time to see if
they're blistered and burn the narration
reveals that this is from a childhood of
walking Bertha in Ghana but it's
something that she's never seen before
something that from the tops of his feet
which was clean and in pristine
condition and in these
because you'd never know it's the first
time tyro understands at least the first
moment that we see how I understand she
doesn't really know her dad in any way
it also becomes quite a crucial point in
the novel and in all their lives anyway
so that's gone on the Moscow by Titus
and I see yeah it's absolutely wonderful
you have to read at the end as I'm
reading so much the moment you'll
probably get another book review pretty
soon I try to put a video up on
Wednesday and Friday but might just be
thursday on thursday i'm going to madrid
to visit my sister my two nephews and my
brother in law which I'm really excited
for because i miss my sister and family
very very much and I'm going for a week
and a half because my amazing job means
that I can work from anywhere just the
best in the world ever yay ok guys I
will see you when I see you bye
