hi everyone so in a recent going up
video I was really positive about how
wonderful company magazine had been
recently how high-quality their content
had been since the rebrand how positive
and wonderful and forward-thinking it
had been for women how horrific it was
that they were so strongly integrating
social media putting bloggers on the
front cover of issues and so on I care
an awful lot about all of you guys and
it's really important to me what I
recommend to you that I'm sincere and
what I recommend to you above all
because my past seven years on YouTube
would be nothing if I didn't have your
engaging comments the great discussions
the humor and General kick-ass story
that you guys bring to the table and as
I do feel we have this report I feel
it's my solemn duty to take back my
endorsement of company magazine why in
the June 2013 issue ie the one that's
going to be taken off shelves pretty
soon and replaced with the July 2013
issue because that's how magazines work
this was the issue with Demi Lovato on
the cover there were some good pieces as
usual and there was a solid piece on
feminists in 2013 I Blythe quite a
strong focus on feminists online as well
so there was a focus on the no to page
three woman and also on everyday sexism
as well when I was reading the turret I
then turned over a few pages literally
like for maybe eight pages at most to
this article that was called the skinny
Club and this piece the cover page for
which is a headless woman of course is
what I can only describe as an anonymous
article basically functioning as a
manual for developing at least at least
serious body image issues and more
likely an eating disorder disordered
eating or some sort of serious
psychological issue related to food so
this woman talks about how she lies to
her friends about what she has and
hasn't eaten or the language is
extremely persuasive it's written like
one of those persuasive pieces that you
are made to write or use an example when
you're made to write the sort of thing
in secondary school basically promoting
the idea that it's okay to encourage
denying yourself certain foods based on
the principle that certain foods are bad
foods and bad foods in the strongest
terms like bad food is in some sort of
enemy food crucially and this was sort
of the bit that made me want to scream
in the pillow for hours it really really
strongly imply
is that if you are not thin then you
don't work at it and you're a failure
and that's why you don't have this
completely unattainable figure the hood
like is pushed us from every single
direction also implying as a lot of you
have pointed out if you are the skinny
it's because you've denied yourself food
it's not because we're naturally slim
it's not because you eat well it was 100
percent the vocabulary of eating
disorders maybe some of you were
thinking yeah I mean it doesn't sound
great but it doesn't sound terrible
earth-shattering rip out the page in the
magazine or in my case through the
magazine straight away as a tumblr user
he wanted to remain anonymous in this
video left in my ass box when I first
read the article in company magazine I
wasn't particularly shocked I'd seen
plenty of things like it before but then
I realized where I've seen things like
it pro-ana blogs and websites I've read
a lot of blog posts similar to it over
the last few years and they're harmful
and dangerous enough but for something
like this to be printed in a magazine
glamorized and made to seem like it's
the right way to live it's irresponsible
and completely out of order and there
are so many things wrong with this piece
but the first thing I thought was fuzzy
why did they publish this article and
secondly once they publish it in an
issue with Demi Lovato my cover so when
he was undergone extreme like you just
worked so hard to work through her
eating disorder and find ways to manage
all those problems and how insulting in
every way seriously Oh for me person it
just reminded me how completely
hypocritical magazines are how they say
one thing they have an ad showing
something else in the next page you know
there are some printed publications they
tend to be a bit pricier things like oh
calmly and Luna there are a little bit
better at this obviously the big
exception is rookie mag the online
magazine by toffee it's just by toffee
which is absolutely sensational but just
I don't know you see a lot of potential
in magazine and have them publish
something like this is really
disappointing to me I'm getting the feel
the same questions over and over again
so I just wanted to I'm draw them all in
one place and surely this article is
about body positivity for thin people
absolutely not the article ties in and
promotes feelings of shame duplicity and
denial with attaining your desired body
image what do you image that isn't as
ideal it's not about body positivity
it's about if you're not thin you don't
work hard enough the second most common
question I'm going is they provided make
page feature post comments about the
article I'm surely this article promoted
a really good discussion about these
issues because some of the comments have
been really insightful there is a good
discussion going on that website yes and
I'll link to that in my description bar
but firstly does everyone visit that
linked website is the damage not already
done if someone finds it triggering is
it not already like planting seeds or
confirming things people thought or
suspected and more than any of that you
don't need controversy to spark
discussion this isn't where at least I
didn't think it was a Daily Mail this
isn't Samantha brick but maybe that is
their motivation maybe they just want to
create scandal to attract attention what
frustrates me is that what actually
would promote good discussion and what
would be helpful it's educating people
explaining even in just a paragraph next
to the article they published it they're
so obsessed with publishing this article
that such things and medical issues even
if it's not an eating disorder it's
still a medical issue because nutrition
is a medical issue nutrition is about
what you put in your body to make it
work and to get the most of it and your
psychological approach that is crucial
this is the other question I'm getting
loads and loads and loads of surely you
are endorsing censorship I've not
endorsing anything apart from maybe
decent eating disorder education I am
being critical of company magazines
editorial decisions the article had no
trigger warning no decent professor
remarks no companion article much less
one with an opposing view or a view from
like a doctor or an eating disorder
specialist or a nutrition specialist or
even a personal trainer no support
resources no hotline nothing and in fact
no indication that the article was
anything other than what we all secretly
believe and what we all secretly do this
is just what we don't talk about but
it's okay but you just keep doing it
anyway they're not doing it okay here's
how you do it bicycles are cut every day
huge features are caught if you've seen
the September issue for example it's
Anna Wintour calcul see censoring
critics when she cuts masses of
photographs from her feature
censorship is extremely serious but my
saying that they should have seriously
considered their demographic to the
context of the article within the
context of summer body bikini issues and
three pages after writing about feminism
and just in some small place in their
brain noted the general hypocrisy of it
and made a different editorial decision
that is not censorship so I just don't
really get why that criticism is coming
from anyway so I'll put some links in
the description bar including to the
website where they want you to sound off
about the article I'm also going to link
to the tumblr post where I posted the
scans of the article but as I say it's
extremely triggering and like I worry
that people think that it's worse than
they thought it was going to be
especially if you already have that sort
of mindset as well so yeah not good not
happy not a happy bunny but yeah so this
is the sunday video videos this week it
can be Sunday or Wednesday and Friday
just because of what my schedules like
this week also in the description bar in
much lighter news you'll find a little
post a little summer timetable of where
I'm going to be the stomach is lots of
you are asking what I'm gonna be at the
next thing gonna be at is actually next
Saturday I'm at Stoke Newington lit
festival Maureen Johnson's gonna be
there so I'm gonna go to that and you
can fight it gets I'll put a link down
there as well and the only other thing I
wanted to mention is that my society6
page is still a thing and I ordered some
my own designs and look the double-sided
good friends I do it to me during the
jackal this is a West Wing reference
this is an easy reference with you
sausage they look I'm gonna go
