hi everyone I'm already someone who goes
to fancy parties and probably because
I'm not that fancy I try to like brush
my hair every day but it's just so hard
i try to be an adult and like pull
myself together but if I'm just gonna be
flinging myself around to the tune of 22
by taylor swift then what's the point
last night however i went to the very
fancy and posh named one marylebone for
the share a coke launch to be totally
honest with you I wasn't even that in my
own right I was Lexa's plus one always
surprised made more like the +1 hag so
he can have a film in the UK because
inconsistent anybody know what to expect
it was rainy I was head to toe topshop I
knew Nick Grimshaw of radio on Fame was
due to DJ and I also guess they were
probably free drink so basically I was
down so I did not expect to see the cast
of main chassis now I wish I was someone
who didn't care about seeing proudlock
Louise and Andy Jordan but F I did care
and then even colder than that coolest
event of all time I got my name on a
coke bottle I don't know how many of you
have seen the shower coke campaign but
they basically printed 100 most popular
names in the UK oranje coke bottles but
they have this little sticker machine
there as well and you can like requested
name in it so I got ass bottle of diet
cake with Rosie honor honor there's me
who have peculiar names will know how
exciting is to have stuff with your name
on it because it's so rad has to be
individually personalized has to be sent
off for actually related to that a
friend of mine and bought a coke dealer
day and to get home and realized I had
the name of her ex-boyfriend on it so
sometimes things are twisted yeah it's
so exciting to have things with my name
on it i don't know why feel free two day
arrived like why does this campaign work
why does seeing your name on something
make you want to buy it maybe there is a
little bit more in depth than just we're
all massive narcissists and fame balls
but if we should go without as well
anyways today at the point of this and
i'm just saying this because we're all
adult it is that i mean actually quite
chatty quite forward I guess is some
ways you might say quite like Sharky if
I spot someone I like physically fancy
or who seems like they would be nice I
go and talk to them so I tested this one
guy naturally he like asked me what I do
but he did not understand the internet
he like one hundred percent did not get
it was not open to it at all it flipped
from flirting to me getting really
annoyed at him I tried to explain to him
why you she was so important they just
kept me much it's just names it's just
username he just missed every single
example I gave him he was beautiful and
he had excellent bone structure and he
was quite funny but he was so rigid
subject to the Internet dismissed me on
every point so no nope nope nope nope
nope nope nope other fun things over
though they had these big canvases we
could like paint and write on and so I
wrote things like dftba and lionesses
for life on it because that's what I do
and there was a little fuzzy boots as
well but I'm just gonna keep these back
here I'm really sorry a video was a lot
yesterday to be totally honest I spent
the whole day having just five more
minutes like eating Mexican food with
Katie who was leaving us next week to go
back to her homeland at least for a
while also I've been craving jarosz all
week and they had Charles Sarah ate
churros and it just all became this big
drug fest this is a really long not
particularly interesting and roundabout
way of saying see you on Monday dear my
delicious Spring Break forever
