this video contains swearing drinking
spoilers for Spring Breakers and
discussions of scenes of a sexual nature
as such it might not be suitable for
younger viewers normal videos returned
on Thursday
my earliest days of Spring Breakers and
we thought it would be a really good
idea to review it after having a couple
of drinks
I love Spring Breakers and then a couple
of great turn into a few more drinks cuz
we watching Made in Chelsea and now
that's what is like politically defined
as a clusterfuck and if I were to
transact as any sort of broken beer I'm
just like a really chatty shall I drug
yeah we thought good reviews from
Britain's we just really watch the
trailer the trailer is nothing like the
path you're gonna go you get it right
paint you a picture it gonna be like
what's she betrayed you guys think oh
this is mom yeah like fuck I will see
fun come in like it was mighty dangerous
yeah like the light haunted with tinges
of like danger and then just of like no
guns like on the cartons of data loggers
you get to the end of the traitor you
think right so you think you get stopped
at the end of the trailer is the gist
and then what actually happens in the
film is that it starts off dark and then
it just stays dog yeah this never like
hearted man there's no like release the
introductory sequence is a bunch of bugs
tips and crutches yeah they got it they
kind of like try to do soup so the
concept of foods really yeah yeah like
they're all gonna be so baby boobs
you don't even know you know I'm gonna
walking back from the film I said to
like it was
kind of like Flash learning that sounds
really creepy and weird but it's just
like oh that's just like a thing I
started to feel really uncomfortable the
fact that I was eating popcorn because
like when sexual things are happening
and there were bodies flying everywhere
like in a sexy way not in a dead people
way I was like just saying that eating
popcorn watching them there's like a
closeup of a nipple and I was just
eating my popcorn like yeah show me that
nipple I felt like I was in a strip club
like say it sound way especially there
was a scene in that strip club there was
a scene in this strip club I've been to
strip club so it's a very like
pornographic star big dayy they did play
up that and it was something and
something that we felt like we had to
say from the other sentence that it's a
very problematic film yeah we are aware
we are we don't like maybe we're not
ignorant of that yeah time for this very
drunk right now so we're aware of the
problem I thought we were Saban but
right now we quite drunk so don't worry
when we say we'll know we don't we do
know as well we also have like this
crazy impulse to buy everything neon we
were in we're in true we went something
off do it well in a shopping center a
waitress but she won't straight out of
the cinema let's just straight into
Waitrose and bought champagne gin then
to Kenan as a pillow because you just
might read on the wall count of like spy
thumbs I want to be a spy and when I was
trying Spring Breakers I wanted to like
get wasted
second card clutch one thing that
straight away was like oh no I will just
and look like this film is created to
appeal to the middle plus people who
will never have these experiences but
enjoy themselves feeling like they're
happy that yeah
like in my head I'm having this
experience now because we came back to
your flat the direction became a nurse
works like any Thunder tries like Carver
yes that's um just uses basically I was
living for spring break though it's
pretty a folk program right so CH
thinking is that please pork this
bullcrap snapped up and three of them
are like genuinely rebellious two of
them are major barriers and one of them
Selena Gomez plays his characters like a
little bit reluctantly questionable
slept but I you see this film sweet
diagnosis mean that's how exactly how I
would react in this situation except
that I don't believe in God
although it was interesting to me they
made a lot of choices in terms of who
was appearing when throughout the film
and like I thought second people would
come back and they didn't I thought that
for certain people wouldn't come back
and they did and just like a narrative
choices and just the narrative choices
of this film was really interesting to
me but also the fact that James Franco
Wow he was like this repulsive character
yet still was identifiably James Franco
yet still was being an amazing actor
yeah and still still who you were James
Franco Franco you want to James Franco
my in the James Franco and like and they
were it don't definitely went between
the two like at some points I'm so
grossed out by hair like like they kind
of panic that you feel when someone like
who is just kind of slimy but I mean it
protecting you and yet manipulating you
I felt that panic
yeah watching him and then other times I
was like oh yeah
all right it was quite a it's got an
unexpected amount of humor and the kind
of humans very particular tone and the
scream where he starts playing the song
that you don't expect
cries the soundtrack was perfect and it
was this montage and it was a nice
beautiful day and I was like the fact
that they can have fun with it's hard to
what also being a very serious
manipulative creepy character and you
side with each of the girls and each of
those perspectives on this character
yeah don't nothing women till you feel
like a boy or you feel like you're
watching else and you shouldn't be
watching it on and also other moments we
feel like amazing that you kind of get
to have this shared experience of this
u.s. spring break it's kind of like the
way too much about the u.s. high school
obviously too much bigger extreme on
spring break is such a cultural feature
ever never really have that we make it
sound like nuki we're going to new money
and get drunk in tents but it's really
not the same thing it's not as glamorous
like also Nikki is much more isolated to
your friendship group whereas every
break since be a lot back yeah you could
go in behind other people yeah anybody
max I've always liked music festivals
and stuff it's like yeah I guess that's
kind of our equipment I was like reading
and everything wait to get this this has
been soaking for like to marry the thing
I read likes like the ending was that
the deaths of alien was really casual
like he kind of came out of nowhere and
the girls kept it all together because
they are playing this role like most
videogame characters and they were just
like bang bang bang middle they'd
already shown their ability to play that
role when they were talking about it
with faith faith yeah it's in the a car
park and it was really intense like how
how they kind of snapped into it and
obviously faith was really aware of that
and that's what scared her again they
were able to snap back into that and I
found that whole theme about whole
dynamics so interesting but then we'll
see when they come back one day I'm like
just like kissing him goodbye
and it's just oh yeah
but it's bad to say they generally kind
of depended on him for a sense of
fulfillment and whether or not that
fulfillment was justified it was a you
know it was a very genuine emotion I
really expected I think maybe just from
the trailer and also the beginning of
the film for it to end up with them
being victims arrested yeah and like if
I'm also two of them do quite a bit but
being victims am i and like feeling like
they are victims of that situation and
leaving which I completely understand
because that's what this is your spoiler
that's how I would feel the fact that
they end up you know like in a position
of power was very surprising to me
because just an from the trailer and
from the stoppers in the beginning I
didn't expect them to take it that far I
expected them to kind of break down
towards the end and be like I can't take
it this far when actually they would
like the most powerful ones in that
situation which was good in a witness
it's like I mean in every way you don't
expect it to be a film where the any of
the four key female characters have any
agency whatsoever yeah
really at the end of it they do and it's
like it's one of those things where you
don't know whether you agree with it or
not because if they're so sexualized
throughout yeah it's very much a foam
where like these girls in their bikinis
the whole time they're like firing guns
and like all this stuff happens yeah you
don't really feel like you kind of have
to shut yourself off on whether or not
it's comfortable watching cos you plug
it in yes there's like a second punch
when they're supposedly always women
have all this power but they have all
this power wearing teeny 20 skirt right
and it's also like you know there is a
certain purpose that super misogynistic
films so because they're like you know
you become aware of that you're like
this is a film where it has all these
problems yeah but this one was kind of
weird because it ended on a very strong
note yeah
but then also I was saying I do I see
spring breaks a sequel or is he really
wants no I'm happens I'll do it I really
want to I would say I know that folks
don't today we just don't get young and
sick they don't exist anymore so any but
I feel like I strike next steps we check
here only to direct never so maybe it
like so that they said I can't
by the way by the way light a maja but
Mary in this situation things with big
pretty little eyes fans
so it was ready now I thought she did a
great job actually that's it yeah I
thought actually did and I thought she
added Vanessa that was the right other
one not so great I didn't like the other
one today Rachel coming I'm not sure
after like a three like yeah no it's
Isaac's planetary that we didn't like
the other one but that's not it's not
because I no no I just some property was
just a bit I felt like she should have
been played by Amber Tamblyn well sorry
to make you like that girl I don't know
where she's from
that's a new story bro carry on you
should tell that a party I'm gonna party
uh we're out hunting this is no party or
to run on wiki you keep smoking about
the other film that we greatly associate
this and that is the reason why were
singing at the summer and we both have
this issue where we watch lots of really
shit television like reality it's not
that rich people live in LA about rich
people you never know and we watched
pretty wild and we just that over no
regard and the part of that is also the
fact that Sofia Coppola is making this
snow for the blue-ringed what she's
already made it's coming up this hour
and that's the next book felt more
excited about but if interesting that
both of these films are about teenage
girls sitting well yeah I mean yeah or
something like we're just in a kimochi
cultures that just something that we
need to stop obsessing about see is a I
don't know I feel like it's easy picking
me but I'm not sure if I'm seeking while
wants to keep the lava which is a very
different yeah I really mind so much
about having money it's just kind of
like looking good feeling good being
able to treat myself to things which I
guess it's kind of well food that come
from like incredibly super wealthy
background that will really like
privileged people guys know you and I
have
very like work ethic and aware of money
and nothing yeah I uh nice I've seen the
video of the fancy jar this is nice a
nice cooling but if you switch five
watch pretty wild all the way through
one time okay yeah one day me to college
oh yeah so okay well okay sit in it I
agree I think the thing is that you want
the thing you want to be able to do is
that go out for meals and go out to
don't you know for drinks that well
phone oh it's definitely well but it's
not possessions
yeah no it's not slices out but then I
do want design things like selling show
variances become Sicily because you're
saying a whole lifestyle sorry Silas
slowly shutting the door I don't get
this conversation started comments
conversation you're sober
don't be an itchy she'll comment video
basic why is it that you watch pretty
wild guess you should be two or three
scenes yeah this is anyone's the scene
where they were doing the nude photo
shoot and I was like that is insane I
need to know more about that this my
family but I what's appealing about that
is it just that just some show I don't
know sometimes a train wreck is just
really fun to watch you can see how he's
just gonna go massively wrong even if
it's staged even like I just they're
seen them like this has to be staged
obviously but I just choose to ignore
that because that's not fun anymore yeah
it's raining
we choose to like we're very aware that
it's station that is fake but we choose
to like accept it that's the whole thing
about Made in Chelsea in the hills but
you you're very aware that it is so fake
when I won't watch your marathon of the
hills I completely forget that it's fake
I'm so angry will I forget I forget it
for most of the time that it's fake and
then there's some scenes I'm like oh
that's kind of that's not table no
nevermind I might ignore it and things
like Made in Chelsea I think that's
because us in England is very familiar I
mean I've heard people like that like
you're having people yeah go yeah yeah
but yeah a night like that it's not so
close to home but it's like the movie
character in Chelsea is kind of a little
bit yeah like you know people who are
kind of like that
yeah livin sorry I know people who would
identify we both really love the idea of
living in LA we both love seeing it and
we both love seeing people within it but
we also enjoy watching these lifestyles
that were pretty unrealistic and things
that we don't necessarily even aspire to
no I think we both aspire to being able
to go out for dinner and going out for
drinks yeah it's being yeah we don't
aspire to being you know Heidi or like
anything like that you're in Colorado
but I see Lauren Conrad because she's
she's just she's beautiful and she's a
good turnout yeah I think she started
she's written books and he's no matter
what you think of those books she's
written books she put those ones down on
paper she has true fashion love like
she's like 27 yeah
eh enjoy online news and like did you
want some team bow yes she is successful
I aspire to being successful I will
glamour that I have achieved my earn
like hard work and stuff look it's like
here you're an accomplishment yeah like
I bought myself a fancy-ass designer bag
my 21st birthday because I feel I'm
going to work I've done it's free and
Vivian right it is not it's not it's not
mother is clever but I bought myself a
like major designer Vivienne Westwood
bag my 21st birthday because I went this
is something that I've earned do my
earnings and I like having that little
touch of glamour but also no I didn't
just get this because my parents will
wait for me and that's fine but that's
not what happened with me and that's not
what I want for me I like that any money
I had this money I've worked oh yeah
that's not even all the money I had this
moment the job I really appreciate
everything to the point where like for
the first time in a really long time I
was like I can afford to get a drink
with the meal I'm having right now in a
restaurant that's not a nice feeling to
have it's fun I think is when you'll I
spent a lot of light the last couple of
years being really tired money and it's
not enjoyable and so of course you
aspire to life so we don't even have to
think about it yeah when it's just
something you feel up for lunch you do
up for dinner and then have another
drink
I like a general concept of that like in
general like regardless of how I get
there but when I apply it to my own life
it definitely has to be that I've earned
my way to that and I can be like hey I'm
own business and that's why I get to do
this right like I'm
that money but nice beautiful kind of
strong in that world it's not like this
is the particular thing I've job and
this is my particular skills that and
that's why I'm at remember how this was
a review why do we want to see like what
was the appeal for you they feel for me
was maybe even put in it actually and
yeah like seen them in new roles yeah
and also I liked from my I saw of the
trailer I liked it I liked
cinematography and I liked I don't know
there wasn't much given away in the
trance be fair I'm so interesting
looking especially now see you back
there and realize how little was given
away and how is yeah completely
different plot in the trailer it's
almost like they're sending you
something different yeah and then you go
and expecting to see that and they
completely because I've seen other
people's reactions is yeah but see I
reason why I could well I've seen a
couple of people talking about it the
only reason why I seen the all 15 was
Haley saying she loved it someone saying
that like it made them cry I said to you
like I've heard this always make people
cry what the gasps to me it was like
it's gonna start off my heart is gonna
get done
well I didn't expect it to be like super
hot seeing like after swearing in yeah
but if it really is like atmosphere so
every like atmosphere films where I kind
of like things do happen and there is
kind of a vague plot but it is more the
atmosphere that's kind of the most
important thing there's a lot of thumbs
I like that I like that I didn't expect
up in this at all
so it was just a very strange thing to
go in and be like oh this is happening
to me it's true we're talking lot about
the cinematography and that being
something
that's really well done they paid light
rain while in color and particular
colors they pray like bright pinks
especially like the Sun sets and Romero
blues that drawn out but the thing that
was most interesting was the choice of
editing there's a lot of repetition and
like there are some scenes as well which
almost feel like they're dragging on too
long because they're repeating certain
phrases over and over again and you seem
like the same scenes over again and it's
a bit weird but you also kind of feel
like the trying to recreate experience
of being drunk yes trippy yes yeah
trippy but there is there is a sense of
like I'm trying to like recall it and
not fully being able to yeah so you feel
like you're watching film about them at
the moment but it also a film about them
recording the whole experience of that
particular Spring Break I feel like that
university experience is very different
from our universe experience it was just
so bleak but then I guess we're seeing
there USC being empty and everyone had
left and it was just that but yeah it
just made me feel awful about education
yes sir because like I joined my life at
uni and to them it was kind of like
waiting around this weird like it's not
much yeah and I read it it's not my
place you were trying to escape you
won't get hanging out overnight
this is why I'm right dark yeah no one
around just bleak super-elite in a way
like that serves its purpose like being
a sort of a establishing location which
is very scary yeah but then also I don't
know I feel like I know I felt like the
I have such an issue with the violence
in the film but I can't reconcile mmm
like the fact that they they slip into
that character so easily
yeah it's actually at the end no no
they're not relatable I don't think like
jealous oh yeah potential I really did
expect all of them be relatable
but then again that ties in with them
being victims to me cuz I in that
situation would feel like a victim to an
extent but if they don't only like just
take over the situation have the house
in power
this is super spoilery the thing with
the thing was gonna be no jobs and then
done it's like actually potentially
gonna kill him because all the scenes
they shown so far will see as I had
appeared in the trailer yeah so it's
like that's an indication of the fact
they again have probably killed him
right now and his brain so you're in
explains that's why some 18 yeah and
like this is the moment in which they
then fucking steal all his guns and his
money and then chase up against
themselves
yeah they gonna do that they just make
it this read like sexual I see yeah okay
well yeah I guess he like regains it
obviously but I actually just sucking
off the gun yeah I mean there is a
second more units genuinely scared oh no
I was like gonna die in the past like
that light in the past things in the
last eight seconds something like okay
it is hot let's let's do this at the
attack like yeah you really looks
terrified yeah and then that makes you
turn it's interesting cuz normally it's
like I feel like it's the woman's
emotions that make you feel
yeah yeah but in the situation it's the
man's emotions that makes me feel fear
which is really interesting because
that's kind of a position of how you go
I'm not used to feeling that's why I
kept expecting it to be reversed at some
point yeah it was just like women don't
normally have this power this could
happen I should at some point it has to
be flipped but it never is they just
have power that's just and that's a
perfectly legitimate thing that's like
but I'm not used to seeing that in film
playing I'm used to having said that
this is a film in which women have
Harbor and also a filmer which women are
sexualized would you say this is a
feminist film oh gosh not like it's a
blanket saying yes kind of yeah I mean
there definitely there's some strong
aspects of foam ISM I feel
hmmm that's the thing I feel it's hard
yeah I feel like the moment you say this
is or this isn't a feminist there
people automatically get on the
defensive and on the attack about the
opposite yeah but with this very
definitely our space of boat so it's
quite easy to do that because right like
you could say that like all the hyper
sexualization is part of the feminists
like aspects of the filming that like
it's just highlighting the incredible
sexual ization of people and you know
it's this kind of shit you know this is
just 15 bucks yeah English degree show
so like you could be like oh it's
completely a feminist film and all of
the aspects of it that seem like they're
not right if there is fill I'm just like
highlighting the problems but then it's
it's not as clear-cut as that it's a
gray area there is some shit yeah and
then I do always and this is this I do
always feel with the full mount of film
and even with the format of YouTube
because it is reliant on the gays and on
the like the whole action of judging a
like with your eyes look gay people may
be just perfect
yeah the whole action of like watching
people like who who's in the role like
section wise person though and because
of the fact that it's a film industry
mean you need to be commercial on the
commercial 'ti that relies on women
being naked and women being sexual
there's only like the fact is I always I
feel like it's really difficult and I've
seen at least in my life so far I
haven't seen a single film in which the
woman is not sexualized and in which
can't you just you know film I think
that it was just like completely
feminist because it just cannot happen
yeah like even when they're like
seemingly with irony like sexualizing
someone they're being sexualized still
this there it's still happy you can have
is that you can read into those aspects
of it but still sexual and someone is
still gonna watch that film and and
produce that film thinking wow this is a
commercial aspects but I can sell the
person's body
I can
being matrix we do say in the human
project and makes me want to die so yeah
that's what that is this is not my face
basically one day yeah
over the past few weeks as part of sort
of almost I guess it's spring cleaning
when the Sun comes out of the days
longer I've been I've been like
rearranging what I want to do with my
life actually to be on it's been doing
over the past year and it's definitely
has had this whole attitude that I call
like my positivity you can do anything
as children that my older sister cause
my don't fuck with me autism and I've
had like soundtracks of that and part
that has been sleigh bells some that
goes but also a lot of it that it's just
been like facing up to being a very
agent assertive person so I'm interested
to see what happens after I finish being
in this weekend because I feel like that
books either said to me decide of them
yeah last year Lex made a video with
many references to my existence about
Griffin during the fuck up
yeah being braver and also about I'm
just a random girl gossip I feel like
you've really at least since then and
also kind of you know a few months
before making that video you've really
embraced I do am I going forth with your
own yeah yeah I mean it's just like a
gradual thing that's been happening
generally um what do you like the new
sheep and the French in some way through
YouTube definitely helped but it was
like I was just such a passive person
when I was younger and I was just start
easy to walk all over so everybody did
yeah a fresh ideas yeah but ya know I
just I do kind of yeah I like myself now
and I think I'm a person who is good at
getting stuff done
yeah like I still have problems and
anxiety and stuff but I'm quite good at
pushing through them now and I'm not
that I'm xiety stop me from doing you
ever wanted to do for maybe three or
four years which i think is quite
impressive when I thought that I was
accepting what's kind of medical and
chemical yeah you're still a very
sociable person I am I'm missing my
dissertation down the dragon by watching
spring break that's the thing as well
because I feel like there were lots of
mortals in line for people who want
introverted and I'm concerned it's
dressed or whatever there aren't that
many models unlike the people who are
extroverted and actually conservative
dress yeah that's true that's the thing
about you definitely thanks I'm very
extroverted but you will say how do
these are things going on and yet I felt
like the internet was bullying me into
being this like introvert that was the
only thing that provided explanation of
any rational sort for it's kind of yeah
when you're a video blogger people make
you know it's people who were watching
you as well like I understand that a lot
of people who watch me and feel like
maybe they're not so extroverted or they
have problem making friends and that
watching videos online and getting
involved in online communities really
helps them and that's what was happening
to me when I was about 14 or 15 so I
completely understand that but for
people to kind of hold me to their
standards and in any way kind of demean
me for being that extra person that I am
now I worked really really hard to get
here because that's the kind of person
that I need to be for myself it's just
it just sucks when people are like
that's not why expect from you because I
thought what I'd like that home don't be
like that like I feel like whatever age
you are and however confident you are at
least when we first met each other oh
yeah oh they're in a bug you came
one day my friend it was apart from that
like it's just a whole experience about
understanding yourself and not kind of
constricting yourself to those ideas of
introverted and extroverted and actually
walk when it's actually comfortable
because I mean I just did that just now
I said I met you like tonight I'll be
shame but I'm not you know yeah I have a
mix of the chair I need my own time but
I really thrive off the energy of see
reading love the colors real of the past
also felt like a very unfamiliar Florida
because I've been to Florida I went to
Miami for a little bit it was very much
like the lifestyle was very similar that
whole like party life southern kind what
was creepy physical life Souls very
similar as some people watch my videos
will know but I don't know if that's a
space made up by film or a space it
really exists that's the thing because I
do you can get to space it sort of
exists in a way but maybe not to the
point that a lot tonight
you can fire guns into the sea the
trailer so it's not a spoiler Neverland
they'll find their guns into the air and
they find like a machine gun
if people heard gun shots they come
running
they're very nice houses yeah goodbye
thanks this channel is youtube.com slash
try source licenses not very easy thing
to spell just such next gotcha you shoot
it out oh great
alright face will puff up it sprang
right
