should probably have thrown these out by
now since my last video things have been
a little bit busy on Saturday I had my
last day working at top man Oxford
Circus on Sunday I spent all morning
reading and doing admin and this Monday
afternoon with my mother and today was a
day for doing grown-up things like
buying light bulbs buying some
grapefruit replying to emails scheduling
things and starting a new era the era of
the self-employed woman in her twenties
the era of self-assessment tax forms and
meticulous record-keeping and developing
and maintaining a sort of superhuman
focus but then at around 3:00 p.m.
Marian and I went over to Notting Hill I
don't have any video of that but here's
a picture that obviously looks like some
sort of very genuine vintage slide from
you know 4050 years ago / something that
came out of the photographer's galleries
so advanced my instagraming skills
especially when it comes to sunsets and
with our laptops and with my tall soy
mocha frappuccino with peppermint half
of which I spilled all over the floor
because I am an idiot
we worked worked and watched to be fair
because there were too many nanny nanny
rich kids and funny dogs to properly pay
attention to the computer 100% of the
time because those people coming back
from yoga classes and people swerving to
avoid busses and guys peering into the
windows of estate agents and William
Hill with equal enthusiasm it has been
such a long time since I had the
opportunity to sit for an extended
period of time and watch in such a
thoroughly voyeuristic eye model vary in
manner in the past six to eight months
or maybe even a little bit longer my
watching had been restricted to a stolen
twenty minutes or so a coffee shop next
to a couple who having this epic
devastating breakup or you know less
comfortably on a tube watching lots of
people cough and sneeze without covering
their face and then they try to like
wipe it and get away without anyone
noticing not pretty I know that the next
few months of freelancing aren't
necessarily going to be easy today
reminded me that I am also really
looking forward to revisiting those
things that I do enjoy so much I'm
brandy I'm selling it to myself as a
sort of personal spring cleaning getting
back out and running and going to
Pilates keeping on top of my money going
through my wardrobe in giving clothes to
the charity shop making time for people
and delivering all those projects that
sometimes just sit up here and go a
little bit moldy from neglect
I suppose I'm having a little bit of an
f il di month for those of you who watch
say Frank and it starts as I think
things always do with being braver and
bolder and better to myself or
alternatively it starts with
frappuccinos and funny dogs and still
entertaining the notion that at any
given moment Hugh Grant will round the
corner and pour orange juice all over
jr. Roberts or perhaps just perhaps it
starts with supposing I'll see you guys
on Thursday happy March
