good money Hank it's Monday and this is
video response to your last video about
dance crazes that you made on blood
brothers channel and that for anyone who
hasn't seen it i will link down here
somewhere in your video you noted that
the songs that inspire these huge
worldwide crazes of dancing people that
all the dance moves when I thought song
comes on every just goes crazy they tend
to be bilingual songs sounds like the
Macarena and Gangnam star and go down
but you didn't mention my internet
favorite which didn't necessarily have
this massive dance craze response to it
I mean there was that sort of response
but the predominant response was like a
very creative internet response and that
is Caramelldansen my favorite carol
dancin video was made ages and ages and
ages ago and it's a doctor who fan video
match it's really funny i'll link it
down there as well but it's basically a
lolcat video with doctors from the new
era of Doctor Who this is before Maxima
the time I think so it's made me David
Tennant and Christopher Eccleston and
it's all the misheard lyrics from
caramelldansen a big part of my dearie
why no songs are so successful is along
the same lines of what makes
caramelldansen videos work the lack of
understanding the thing that makes you
think that you're listening to sit words
and english then you realize that
they're not words in English at all and
that's because the experience is Saudi
familiarising they're having that
distance from thinking about what the
words mean and what they're saying and
what order they go it means that you can
listen to the rhythm not necessarily the
rhythm of the drums of the guitar of the
base the rhythm of the language itself I
think George Watsky for example makes
you extremely aware of the kind of
rhythm and his music and it it doesn't
detract from it just adds to the
experience the Watsky experience but
there's a rhythm and rods that we just
don't pay attention to I think that's
one of the many reasons why people are
still reading TS Eliot and this guy
Emily Dickinson as well poets you draw
attention to the rhythm of the word of
the spoken word of the written word and
of the sunward then also there's this
whole other level of just creation
generally dance moves dance routines I
spoke about this briefly in a video
about dance routines I made a little
while ago they're so creative they're
taking something that you listen to
something someone else has made and
you're collaborating with that and
you're making your body move and
response to that whether that's in line
with their dance moves that they set or
wants of your own that's maybe why dance
crazes are so popular on the internet
which is just the home of collaboration
or at least the little part of the
internet in which I reside so if my
lingo aspect is being worried that
rhythm is also collaborating with people
around the world and above all
about creation and being creative being
creative people in every aspect of our
senses really those are just my thoughts
pretty much it's Monday the kippie for
the crap who notes so I suppose my
question is why do you think bilingual
songs are so popular for creating dance
routines and dance crazes and things
that just explode worldwide and would
you say that the distance between the
language we use now and their language
that we used in Shakespeare's time is
the reason why we have focus so much on
his rhythm and appreciated his use of
rhythm and played with rhythm as much as
we have let me know in comments of video
responses and I will see you guys I
graduated but I'm still living a student
life where I used gin bottles for vases
hey guys remember that time Obama yeah
didn't you didn't like touch my breasts
he said don't forget to be awesome for
those feet you don't understand okay I'm
gonna go
