hey guys firstly look at my amazing new
bag from penguin secondly in case you
didn't get this from my last video I had
an absolutely amazing time at the two
tips live events that i went to the
first one in swindon and the second the
following day in the evening cadogan
hall the thing that really blew me away
that was meeting so many of you and
having amazing conversations I mean all
incredibly intelligent and funny and
just witty smart people and I loved
spending time with you all bless me
amazing letters we had conversations
about YouTube documentaries we drank gin
and tonics and walked around Kings Road
and we took pictures together it was
just a really really great time if
probably one of my favorite experiences
of meeting people on a part of the
experience I had meeting lots of people
after the woman on YouTube power at
VidCon last year so it was absolutely
fantastic and the whole time I can help
but think to myself how did a nerd like
me get so popular not even wearing any
Argyle anyway so today I got my haircut
for the first time in like a year and a
half I think nothing you can really tell
but even if I had shaved it off food I
did blue like I said I would when I was
little it would still be a very minor
change in my life compared to the sort
of changes that have been going on this
past fortnight this was a fortnight of
ghosts of paintings pass of extensive
paperwork to do list cardboard boxes
this was the week that our family home
of 30 years began to belong to someone
else the house I grew up it was built in
nineteen twelve but instead of spending
its centenary here dancing aboard deck I
spent much of that year at University
and later left the house for a flat of
my own well me and these are the three
souls the time in the house in between
was spent grasping for air or a moment's
pause for a final song as the ship went
down to make sense of things I actually
grew to resent the house for what
hesitant buyers called its shortcomings
the biggest thing that we need to sell
like a giant burden above all for being
constant reminder of the past and it no
longer housed the person who spent time
and energy too much time too much energy
devoted to making sure that we could
keep the house only for us to leave the
house behind us as we began to navigate
this world without him this week
especially I thought this quotation from
CS Lewis's a grief observed it doesn't
really matter whether you grip the arms
of the dentist's chair or let your hands
line your lap the drill drills on I also
thought that
as frequently quoted sentences that
follow a grief still feels like fear
perhaps more strictly like suspense or
like waiting just hanging about waiting
for something to happen it gives life a
permanently provisional feeling I
remember JK Rowling's answer to my
question of whether biting about death
so much means that she understands it
more no but she's less afraid of it but
it's not fear for me at least not right
now it's waiting the lack indeed the
total absence of any sort of satisfying
completion we can sometimes make the
mistake of thinking of death is
completion but when someone dies there
is always more to waitful in that way
and in that waiting it's sort of what
some people call hope but it can also be
what people called read it can also just
be paperwork I really didn't mean for
this video to be dark I really don't
mean for my memories of that house to be
dark I wanted this video to be as light
as the glow of the constellations stuck
onto the ceiling of my childhood bedroom
I wanted to break through the solid
barricade of the words no entry written
on that very bedroom door with backward
ends no less I really wanted it to feel
as familiar as someone walking up the
creaking steps to the top room but now
those creeks will be a completely
different reference point for a
completely different set of people
living maybe a completely different life
and the drill drills on goodbye house I
did love you once
