it is unreasonably cold in this country
right now and I want it to stop I have
been doing night shifts and I was doing
night shifts about the last week which
is why I then got very tired and very
ill and why there was a video yesterday
sorry about that but while I was tired
and ill and watching clips of Jennifer
Lawrence making film references and then
being called not classy what Hollywood
you guys should get your references
during that time I think about a lot of
things and one of them was the amazing
response I got to my last video which
was just a really completely loved that
response to that was just so great and
also love you have made video responses
to it as well so I encourage you all to
go along and look at those video
responses because they're really really
beautiful the other thing I spent a lot
of time thinking about at about 3 a.m.
in the morning was food
I'd also tumblr strangely these two do
intersect if you've ever seen anything
that I post on like Instagram or tumblr
you'll see that I do post a lot of
pictures of my food as does everyone
else I've recently made a work with that
quality humor video about Instagram
which is really really funny and will
say freakishly accurate but for me it's
because I want to remember how to make
this food and and what works well
together but then also how it looks
visually and how you present that to
other people as all of you know in 2012
I put out a little PDF called noms which
is all full of vegetarian recipes but
not those recipes or things that I
actually wouldn't eat now at the moment
I'm essentially vegan I don't meet egg
at all I generated a butter or milk I'm
gonna have like soy milk sometimes ever
almond milk I have hazelnut look I don't
know honey and that sort of thing that's
been kind of gradual process and I've
been very self-conscious about talking
about it which is bad because when I did
first talk about it when I was first
doing a couple of weeks more eating
dairy not eating eggs I got that
response from some people on tumblr who
thought I was like one of those fad
diets and it's like oh my god this is
everything I hate about people who try
and claim they're being vegan Lola that
just you know making it some sort of
like weekly thing that's countdown' but
they can eat stuff again like that's not
what veganism is about etc etc etc this
is going to be a lot of accessories in
this video I can tell and it just has it
that whole response have that qualities
to mean of one of the things that I
really like about tumblr and then
equally really dislike about tumblr
which is when I think of tumblr I think
of the word outrage it's like the
opposite of that sustained attention
things that we were talking about a
couple of videos back because it's so
short but it's like rage that's burns
shortly and then doesn't have any sort
of bit after it like there's no tale to
it there's no what do we do next what
what do we do instead
it's very negative and there's no
positive action linked to it and it just
really frustrates me sometimes when so
people are just very very critical and I
think food is one of those things that's
very dangerous to be critical about
because everyone has very different
attitudes towards it and making someone
feel guilty for eating something or not
eating something or giving people such a
strong sense of that food is prohibited
that food is bad food that's a really
unhealthy attitude towards food in
general and I worried that that sort of
reactionary thing that comes from a lot
of the vegan community and sometimes
vegetarian community can have a really
damaging effect so I don't know like I
understand because I feel very very
deeply about the reasons that I became
vegetarian and I did a lot of reading
about it and it's something that really
matters to me but then I'm surrounded by
meat eaters usually I mean not in this
flat this is the this is the really nice
thing about this not just living with
vegetarians but like my best friends all
eat like crap to meat they eat so much
meat and they love me and I understand
that I didn't love me as well so it's a
fine line like where I don't know I
think I think food is one of those
things that you have to allow people you
can give them the information you have
to allow people to make their mind up
for themselves and not chastise them for
their decisions and that's why again
coming to label myself as a certain type
of eater I suppose even vegetarian or
vegan or whatever non meat eater or just
whatever it is you choose to label
yourself as that that's something for
other people and that's not really
necessary for yourself and so I come to
sort of reject that and we're not feel
the need to say I am this type of eater
to anyone else because that's what I'm
bringing to my body that's the way it is
like that's kind of the end of the
conversation I don't know that's just
kind of blah I don't even know if this
makes sense though
something that has really been like in
my head but then so as a headache so I
don't know what is leaking out of my
ears and my mouth so I suppose this is
my question for you guys to what extent
are labels of eating types necessary or
helpful because it can be helpful in
some ways it can be helpful when you're
going for food at someone else's house
and so that they understand exactly what
it is you eat or don't eat when you're
going out for restaurants as well that's
sort of consideration that's all social
eating like they have a big factory with
that and it also can be really useful
when you're shopping and you just want
to look quickly is this suitable for
vegetarians is it suitable for vegans
etc the same for people with allergies
people who are allergic to gluten and
that sort of thing like you it does
facilitate this really easy shopping
experience and social experience but is
there any other purpose to labeling
yourself vegan vegetarian pescetarian
carnivore cannonballs like what is the
function of that so yeah you guys can
discuss in the comments I'm hoping that
will be a video on Thursday I'm still
feeling a little bit poorly but I know
what I want to talk about so that makes
life easier and at the very latest it
will be up on Friday so have a very nice
week everyone and I will see you in
comments bye
