hi everyone so as you know I really
enjoyed doing various projects and
working on things and just putting my
energy directing it focusing it on
things because that is something that I
enjoy and the current project that I'm
starting today came as the result of an
email from my university destinations of
leavers as you all know i graduated in
summer currently work in retail and i'm
trying to find a job that will make even
better use of my skills initiative and
creativity anyway so this email was
essentially a seven-page survey in which
they interviewed you about what you felt
like your experience at university did
to prepare you for your current stage in
life which company you're working for
now if you are employed or whether
you're unemployed what your plans are
for the next few months for the plans
get travelling etc etc etc and even
though I know lots of people especially
on my course English you're still
struggling to find work I also know a
lot of people who are in very
comfortable jobs right now or doing
exactly what they've always wanted to do
and I look at them the green wants comes
out and the green watts is very whiny it
says all I can I do that I should be
there I worked hard ah and I know it's
not because I'm not ambitious or because
I didn't work hard enough all those
things that just happens the job market
at the moment is terrible still I refuse
to accept that as a valid response and
also I refuse to allow surveys to go to
me so anyway from now until the faster
febri I will apply for at least 100 jobs
and not any old jobs jobs in the areas
in which I'm interested in digital
publishing media all of that stuff that
I really really love and good quality
jobs for which I think that I am
qualified and can learn from but also
really really use my skills why the
first februari because by that point we
will be well and truly into 2013 and I
kind of refuse to settle for anything
ever do not like settling settling bad
sessle only for the best if you're in
the same position as I know a lot of you
are because you've commented on past
videos saying I pay me for the work I do
for your internship ah feel free to join
me over here are the rules of the 100
jobs challenge before starting you
should write a list of what your dream
job would be or variety of dream jobs
you don't necessarily have to name a
company but you can name those companies
you can say things like what kind of
skills you want to use of what things
you want to learn but then also what
fields you want to go into and whether
you want to go in an entry level or a
system level or director level or
executive level or you just want to go
right in
CEO whatever your dream job outline is
and then the jobs you apply to you must
fit at least one of any of the criteria
on that piece of paper also you can't
use your existing job applications count
I've applied to loads of jobs at this
point but I have to start again from now
until if every 1st the count restarts
the last thing is kind of what I'm doing
right now tell the internet about it the
internet is really good at holding you
accountable in every video from now on I
will update you on the number of jobs
i've applied for considering their 79
days between now and the first of
februari it's kind of just over an
application a day but do bear in mind
that there's Christmas and New Year's
and probably days when you don't feel
like a blind for a job so that's the
challenge even if you're not taking part
and you do have any job application tips
or questions or any sort of thing like
that then put them in the comments below
and we can all help each other out and
it will be great and everyone will be
employed in the door of their dreams now
I have to go because all of these other
projects are calling my name bbc's the
hour starts again tonight which is great
because I love to review our only canoes
calm and you can go check this out at
some point I also owe about five or six
Gossip Girl reviews they'll be going up
in the next few days promise bye
