hi everyone it's Friday so of course
it's another Reza answers but this week
I got you to leave questions anonymous
questions in my tumblr box to answer
about relationship and love and not
being in love and being single and being
together and having one mates downs with
people and all that sort of thing the
first group of questions I want to
address are the ones that phrase
I'm insert age here is it okay but I
haven't done in such thing here you
might have heard this before and it to
be honest might not be very helpful but
of course it's okay there is literally
there is no timeline I know it feels
like there is a timeline but there is no
timeline that says you have to be a
certain age when you do these things and
also it's not a situation where when you
start making out with people when you
start having sex with people there's
necessarily something that you continue
doing all over those years it's not as
though you're moving through life in the
same way that you'd move through like a
fuse box flicking all the switches on
that's not necessarily how it works and
that means that you have to do things in
your own time but if you're in one of
those situations where you might want to
do something with someone and now just
the fact that you've waited so long has
built up the expectation of it just talk
to the person about it like if you can't
have that conversation with that person
not necessarily if you're in a
relationship with that person
but if you can't talk to them about it
then don't do it
yes that's okay that you haven't slept
with someone or kissed someone or so
much as held hands with anyone the bad
thing is when you're putting pressure on
yourself because of an invisible
timeline or because of your friends or
because of things you see on TV or
reading books or whatever word magazines
like that's not that's not fair to
yourself you have to be good to yourself
and that is the ultimate thing but also
be good to other people too like that is
also good things
anonymous asked how do you actually meet
people especially if you tend to spend
Friday nights curled up on Netflix my
solution for that is talk to people talk
to everyone not just because some day
you might want to make out with them but
also because people are really
interesting and we're only on this world
for like a sure amount of time so you
might as well just chat to people while
you're there is my philosophy or life
just make conversation with people it
doesn't have to be a huge thing and if
you are more of a shy person and start
really really really really simply go up
to you know your Starbucks barista for
example and say how's your day been so
far if you do that with every person you
come into contact
the day you find you'll have met loads
of notes of people and generally it just
makes you comfortable with talking to
strangers and talking to friends and
friends rather than just shying away in
the corner maybe instead of going
straight home after work or uni or
whatever and jumping straight up on
Netflix pop into a cafe I'm not saying
everyone date your Starbucks barista
but I'm saying just go into public
spaces to do those things that you want
to do in private get out of the habit of
totally hiding away all the time and at
least give yourself an hour of doing
some sort of private Internet seed
tumbler thing in public in a public
space and I promise you you will meet
people especially when you become more
of a regular in sports that you know
people might not have seen you out
before you don't necessarily have to
make I want to meet a guy or I want to
meet a girl or I want to meet a fish the
object of your night in order to meet
people and also in order to be someone
who meets people the majority of guys
I've met has been at clubs or at house
parties and at those kind of big
traditional social events so again
there's nothing wrong with that either
because that can be a really good way to
meet people when everyone's just feeling
a little more chatty and a little more
sociable than they otherwise might be
anonymous asks my ex boyfriend broke up
with me a few weeks ago and immediately
started dating one of my close friends
as you can imagine I'm not too
comfortable about it
their relationship is making it a lot
harder for me to get over him and move
on any advice as to how I can move on
quicker first I'd like to acknowledge
that's a really crappy situation to find
yourself in and I don't think that's
very fair that either of them have done
that in a way but whatever I mean that's
something that's happened and you have
to accept that that's something that's
happened and it sounds actually that
you're working really hard to do that
however close this friend is to you and
how I will close you out with your
boyfriend you need some time away from
both of them
I know often times it doesn't seem fair
that this bad thing has happened to you
and yet you're the one having to make
all the big changes like maybe not
spending so much time with them and also
maybe not spending so much time with the
friends who are kind of sticking around
them because it doesn't really affect
them in the same way before you do that
if you can if you feel comfortable doing
and have a chat with a friend and I say
look this has been really hard for me
I'm going to need to spend some time
away from you just so I can deal with
all this and so then it's not hanging
over me and also so that I don't start
to resent you in a massive unhealthy
negative energy sort of way emphasize
that it's for the benefit of your sanity
and your happiness and I think your
friend will really care about that
say your friend and if they don't care
about that that honestly not worth your
time obviously these things aren't
always as simplistic as that but I think
you need to just get some time away from
both of them and spend your time and
energy elsewhere just why you are able
to deal with it sometimes in these
situations daily intensive communication
can be helpful but because in this
situation it's you coming to terms with
them as a couple and being this kind of
couple entity and you not being part of
that couple I think it wouldn't be
beneficial I think you actually just
yeah just need to take this up out of
that situation and put your energy
elsewhere just while you deal with
everything
anonymous asked is someone who has
studied abroad you might be a good
source of advice I'm currently at
University and have this flirtationship
with one of my flatmates the issue is
that he's leaving for the USA in just
over a month and I'm unsure if I should
just go for it yeah you should just go
for it
Gryffindor the F fart man I've had a
couple of friends with this situation
I've been in this situation as well and
I didn't go for it and that was a bad
thing you know I have I still regret not
going for someone that I liked okay so
this would ghost baby fingers happening
again now you're all probably
understanding more about Lex's shit
Gryffindor say video because that is
just my approach now you have to be bold
you have to go for it and yeah and just
you know care about other people be good
to other people be good to yourself
but essentially we're here for a limited
time talk to people and make out with
them okay goodbye that has been advice
bye Kayleigh what's the title of this
video gonna be tags oh oh oh what was it
sex no big whoop
