hi everyone so as many of you know I
worked in bookselling for the last five
years of my life and now I've shifted
along the history and moved into fashion
retail as with any job I have I very
quickly become very obsessed with the
need to know everything about what I'm
selling their does appeal to the fashion
aside of me that are definitely
suppressed over the years it's
definitely something I have a massive
interest in even though I don't have a
separate channel for it like all the
other girls I live with for example
there's a really comprehensive fashion
shower you should called the stylish and
they send a clip to a bunch of youtubers
so apologies if you see there's more
than once I think they have a really
good balance between using homegrown
youtubers and then having and using
their connection to have people like
Betsey Johnson who designed my progress
but when I was 17 so just show you that
now
I put milk click and subscribe link to
the stylish because I know they're just
growing right now but it's interesting
because obviously there's a stigma
against fashion and beauty it's
something Lex often talks about it's
just interesting to me because it's seen
as something that's you dominantly
female regardless of how many men are
involved in the industry and also just
how many men buy clothes are not caring
more about the way they look but of
course if it's feminine it must be
superficial it can't be legitimate form
of expression blah blah blah this sorts
of things make me air anyway i've been
using many ways in which to think about
the relationship between creator
creation and audience and fashion has
been one of the ways into that and books
have been another way into that and they
also defense this model of you creating
something so that an individual has an
individual relationship with it and it
also has a set of group relationship
with theirs and they want to share up
with people or you know they want to
keep it to themselves but ideally for
your creation to kind of make its way
around you want them to share it with
people and also you want a lot of people
to have that individual relation to it
without feeling necessarily like it's no
longer individual because everyone has
that relationship to it but then also
when you have things like fashion you
have things like trends and and so you
want a sense of communal but you don't
want to lose that individual so it
becomes this huge like battle between
individual and communal and creation and
what are you creating for are you
creating for the person to feel
individuals are you creating without
that audience in mind which i think is
ever true at least not if you're in the
kind of more commercial side of fashion
or creation in general and that's kind
of a big necessary part of creation
nowadays because people have to pay rent
and maybe one part this equation is
actually an illusion and I think that
might be the creating something so that
its individual but when I make a video
for example I am as aware that i'm
talking to lots of people as I am that
for you I am talking to one person
obviously all the facts that makes us
difficult is that I'm talking in massive
generalizations everyone has different
motivations for creation I do think
there are some similarities that can be
drawn between them and that also can be
drawn between the whole field of fashion
in the whole field of books in the whole
field of anything ever sold ever and I
just find it really interesting I don't
know why maybe because on some level I
was trying to explain to myself why took
me so long to wean myself off magazines
I then bought my first issue of vogue in
a really really really long time only to
buy a dress that looks vaguely similar
to Jennifer Lawrence's on the cover of
this hi Jennifer Lawrence Jennifer
Lawrence is just the best person ever i
love her i think she is so cool oh my
god so yeah that's the monday idea i'm
throwing at you how do you create for an
individual and a group at the same time
without negating one or the other and is
the idea of the individual delusion yeah
do tell me fashion superficial boob okay
I'm gonna go now because this is getting
embarrassing for myself boy
