hi guys so here's the deal I'm exhausted
and I feel disgusting and yeah I'm gay
cold and everyone at my job was getting
called a lot feeling sick so I will do
raise the answers from and do it feeling
a bit like an urchin so do you forgive
me Stacey FTW was one of many people who
asked whether or not I was doing
nanowrimo I was considering it but I
have so much on at the moment a lot of
things that I haven't really even been
keeping up with things like Miley kinis
Gossip Girl recaps I just haven't been
doing and that I just can't at the
moment and just generally though I I'm
writing quite slowly at the moment but
it's not a bad thing so I think I'm just
going to stick with that who knows I
might do it later on in the year you
know me always giving myself ridiculous
challenges wherever possible and but
yeah we obvious I'm not to do it this
year but I good luck to anyone who's
doing it i hope you'll win Amy likes
cheese asks how I feel about viewers
calling me Rosie and sort of rosianna
much the same is how i feel about people
calling me rose in santa rosa Anna I
don't mind a lot of people just short
names out of habit or that's just they
do or they like doing I definitely feel
like rosianna is more my name than Rosie
Rosie is just the kind of shorthand
version of that um I don't really think
of myself as a rosy I'm definitely
rosianna don't know why it's just my
name y ma but I don't mind you guys can
cool whatever you want an oreck dogface
asks do you think people should avoid
commenting when they're really tired no
because I don't avoid video making when
I'm really tired so you should be on the
same page guys paper ginger says you
once mentioned that you didn't really
like many first-person narrators stories
I was wondering if you could explain
what you find most annoying about them
in your next raise your answers um I i
don't know i have to say now that read
slowly more broadly it's not really
something that i can say as a whole um I
definitely find that in why a lot of
first-person narrative stories really I
don't know they just don't put enough
effort into actually making me think
that I'm in the carriages head or that
I'm on some level of empathizing with a
character I think it's something that's
more to do with my feelings towards
young adult literature than to wasn't it
so ya authors can use it as an easy way
to tell instead of to show there's that
big thing in writing is supposed to show
not tell and I think that first person
narration can sometimes become all about
their telling and to a point that's just
bad bad writing Eric color Rosie Rosie I
don't know how to pronounce that asks do
you plan on collaborating with other
youtubers in the future I mean every
every day is a sort of collaboration who
knows who's cough will appear in the
video next now I would like to do more
projects with other youtubers especially
because I love them have very specific
skill sets in video making in general
and in editing and all that sort of
thing that I just don't have and
collaborating with them as a really nice
way to share their skill sets and that
you know one of us might have and the
other one doesn't but also just because
I have not so very talented friends who
are great youtubers and I think it's
always fun to watch a collaboration for
me at the moment it's a lot that time
and about energy and two things of which
I am quite short of at the moment and
but whenever I deal with collaboration I
would want to come up with a very
specific idea and pitch that to them so
who knows what will happen but I'm sure
there'll be some collaboration at least
within the house and it's a flat rather
funny invisible string asks what is your
opinion on the banning of certain books
and schools libraries etc I think it's
bad I think it is a bad thing to do I
think you cannot tell people not to read
something because of the certain way
that you feel about it and there are
books like this book called the AL kiss
cookbook it teaches you how to like make
a balm at home and things like that foot
like safety reasons yeah but say at the
end of the day we now have the internet
and I think people who want to find that
information can find that you've
information so you're bamming that I'd
much rather people have access to all
sorts of books so they can balance their
reading out themselves by having the
wide selection rather than being told
what to read and what not to read in
such a forceful in restrictive way also
in a way that makes people immediately
biased against certain books without
having read them just because of what
they've heard about them and that's more
what battling with books is about it's
about the tour
around a book rather than the book
itself I wish people would just read the
books that they are so fearful and the
last question today Louise lutz for
Alaska asks what did you do academically
after the age of 16 I took my a-levels I
did in the same school I've been setting
up the five years previous to that so I
spent seven years in one school and the
last two years where levels are adage
English philosophy Spanish general
studies critical thinking and AES
geography I went strange University and
I studied English so yeah I've just been
in education all this time until I
graduated this summer so non stop for me
really and it's it's quite nice in a way
to just be reading the things i want to
read but have all this really valuable
education behind me and i'm sure i'll
keep educating myself in different ways
right now I'm educating myself on the
history of mi5 so that's that's fun
enjoying it loving it I will see you
guys on Monday hope you have a wonderful
weekend that none of you have this whole
situation going on but sure some you do
because it's so cold bye guys
