hi everyone first and foremost happy
Halloween this Halloween I am dressed a
bit premature Christmas this is what
happens when you move in with Katie
height Christmas starts appearing
everywhere even on your clothing I very
pathetically do not have any halloween
plans because I just finished work and
I'm tired don't have to get early
tomorrow I'm give me a talk tomorrow
morning which is quite exciting I have
become a person who does talks that is
my thing you will today I want to talk
about mergers and buying out companies
and that sort of thing because it's been
very trendy and hip and in the knees and
I am nothing if not topical actually
going everything if not chopper called
so early in the week a big merger was
announced between penguin and Random
House not called random penguin house as
it should have been is dead called
penguin Random House boo then yesterday
everyone was like ahh oh my gosh it's so
good it's so bad I hey everyone I love
the world because of course disney
bought lucasfilm and then they announced
the star wars 7 was going to come out in
2015 personally I think this is a really
good thing but other people are like her
mergers and buyouts are really
interesting to me because I think a lot
about branding and how people
individuals come to brand themselves in
a way that sometimes it's healthy and
sometimes it's completely entirely not
healthy in any way whatsoever how
company's brand themselves how they
create a brand how they let people know
what that brand is and then when you
test a random stranger in the street and
give them flash cards and say what
company would you associate this with
they mutually go to that company if the
branding is strong I didn't know I had
the interest apparently I do anyway so
the penguin Random House Manager for
example Random House has strong branding
the penguin has extremely strong
branding I mean let's have a look if you
were to show someone that they would
probably immediately know that it was
penguin similarly the modern classics as
well like that is something that has
been branded really well so it's strong
company branding helpful when you're
doing Marge's ordered a harmful when you
spent so many years creating a brand
that is different and displaying and
talking and demonstrating in every sort
of way how it's different from those
other companies are trying to sell the
narrative that it is different from
those other companies what happens when
those companies are forced to work
together and and create something new
and bigger personally I think the future
for random
NASA's own system calling it is probably
very bright but that said I am a blazing
optimist so I can't be trusted
whatsoever the question of Disney and
Lucasfilm brings up another case of
branding now for me when I think of
Disney the moment I think of an
incredible production company people who
put money behind firms such as the
Avengers and make them possible I think
there were some great people working
there picking some wonderful films to
fund and also something less wonderful
films to bunt but maybe the wonderful
ones and that's increasingly what's
coming to mind when I think of Disney oh
yeah a production company people who
have the money and the skill to find
those films that they really should back
but the phrase Disney film has so long
been associated with in Walt Disney
hand-drawn animated classics or the
newer animated classics that were done
on computers but for me that association
has started to fade a bit because it's
one I think of disney pixar that I start
to think of original work that's what
much of the discussion actually revolves
around lots of different views on the
brands that are involved and what role
we think they should play in film and in
and in creation in general no creation
of the universe to see a creation films
let's just dial it down a little bit
that's what's dominated my day thinking
about all of those things what do you
guys think about branding what you know
anything throughout their Browning of
people Browning of companies tell me
your thoughts on brands branding not the
branding you know what I mean also leave
your questions in comments for friday
cuz i'm gonna do another Rosie ounces
and I will see you then bye
