hi guys take the second part to mondays
video what's going down in October why
it's where the only purpose is
exaggeration like hilarious where was
the last time hilarious was used for
something that is actually hilarious I
feel like hilarious is only ok when used
in a sarcastic context because people
just you think they're just doing it
wrong they're just doing the word from
but it hurts me guys it just really
hurts I realized that this is funny
coming from a nerdfighter but this is
similar to the way in which the word
awesome is used like it's just used all
the time for things that aren't awesome
that don't inspire all that aren't even
that cool the worst when hilarious is
used at the start of the story that just
isn't funny to anyone involved it's just
some weird thing that happened also
going down cameras running out of
battery because I've got charged them
before go to work we worry about and two
hours later she returned it to future
self charge your camera anyway so number
two men winking once upon a time I used
to find it slightly attractive but a man
would work it meant something mysterious
something made just for me but now I
seem to find it more uncomfortable and
also just like a bit like I'm not
entirely sure like what you just try try
to say like doesn't really help that in
the most recent encounters of men
winking they seem to wake in the most
inappropriate situations are you when
their wife or girlfriend or other
partner is standing right there but it's
more the absence of knowing exactly what
else it could be that they're trying to
say with that wink I don't mean the
semicolon close bracket variety of which
i do just mean the in person completely
unprompted wink I am of course i found
on the internet week because it does
involve semicolons and I love semicolons
with a passion going down part three hot
water bottles hot water bottles have
always been problematic for me blush it
because you have to fill them up in the
sink and sink was never quite deep
enough to take the whole hot water
bottle so let's see how are those many
many tiny ones that just did nothing
anyway you had to force it all around
some of it would spill out and it would
never typically spill over your bathroom
and you had to clean up with a towel
before your mother got angry and then
the towel would be wet and there's a
whole bulava oh I feeling very stressed
in this video anyway it's not all
negative to you this video I do have a
solution as some of you who follow my
twitter may know hug you're overheating
laptop mmm it's just so warm instead of
wasting all that excess heat is pumping
out lava top but seriously earlier this
week
I had a need for a hot water bottle and
I hugged it and it made me feel better I
just I feel like I return some of the
love some of the good things that the
laptop has given me you know the fourth
and final thing that's going down is
cheating it's genius had a great moment
they had all their colors our display
everyone wore than for summer it was
great it was Mary everyone drank pins it
was a wonderful time but now now it's
autumn as everyone keeps reminding me
seriously if you're looking for mining
me I was supposed to be happy about the
fact that it's getting cold and dark and
worked and everything's dying and
especially so pretty LLL Allah no I'm
sad about it and I didn't wanna talk
about it we can't keep on with this
chinos nonsense it's how it's time it's
time is past can we put chinos in the
past and return to genes and genes and
suit trousers and that's all the people
that work also helps people can wear
kilts that's okay I like the color was
embraced and I like that people drove
for that but there are other ways to
express color as an email shut and dip
dyed denim that supposedly calls back to
the 90s because the 90s are now
apparently vintage which is depressing
in itself might I say I'm just done but
I'm just done but I'm just done but I am
just done with chinos go fuck yourself
so that's all for the up and down this
this month let me know what you think is
going out of fashion or just shouldn't
be used or just generally makes you want
to punch a wall in the comments I will
see you guys I'm fine day for another
Rosie answers so it will save your
questions and comments and that's it bye
