dan has just left his like full-time
normal job and moved into full-time
weird youtubing yeah that is such a
terrifying prospect to me and probably
something I would never do because it
puts so much emphasis on like your brain
to come up with creative ideas yeah so I
gave up on you chief about three years
ago and then was like I'll just make
videos to the fun of it and I'll never
get like a hundred thousand subscribers
that's fine and then I did a video and
then it is another one and then it is
another one and I was like hang on this
is fun people talk about creativity and
like we use an inspiration so on but for
me if I have structure I'm not going to
make anything you definitely have to
sort of get into the mindset of I have
to do this now and I got to one where I
was coming home going god I make a video
doesn't matter what else haven't have
got to do that it worked for a little
bit and then it didn't work enough but
then it got to the point where if I
dedicate all of my time to content
creation by what could I achieve at the
moment I'm dividing my time and I'm sort
of a little bit frustrated that I'm
there but then I come home and I'm
relaxed from being now into afraid to
make a video in case I'm not feeling
like tired and this is I mean - I feel
like people don't talk about it or not
on YouTube many other people i watch do
do it full-time and like not say that
that's not demanding it's only two
totally ears but when I used to make
videos after work or after school I'd be
so tired yeah another a learn self set
point of making it was like a
master especially if you have like a
physical job I mean we chose ZOTAC yeah
not just the physical work it's the
energy of being on and dealing with
customers like sometimes they're
Pleasant and it's wonderful and
sometimes they're just assholes and you
have to be nice and that's all you're
having like this like yeah the idea of
going home and set up a camera and
making video doing anything yeah just
know so knowing that I had friends who
were already doing it was at once
wonderful because it was inspirational
and frustrating as hell because they
didn't understand because they they
hadn't had retail jobs like hazel was
really helpful because jenna had a whole
career and then was finally the one
where she could go this is my job now
and after she understood and she was
apathetic and also so helpful that my
boss knew how Yugi worked in the end she
was saying what can I do to push you out
the door not because you're not welcome
not because you're not good but because
I know this is what you need and I need
to I think someone needs to give you
that prod
I thought mentors are so important is so
firstly not talked about and also really
inaccessible so a lot of people like
mentors I think come along when you
don't when you're not looking for them
yeah in a lot of ways a lot of times
people aren't in those situations
they're not in big cities they're not in
creative environments jobs with weird
hours and don't have the time to go to
events meaning where they might meet
like people who inspire them creatively
yeah but no there's nothing like me
telling someone who I respect that I'm
working on something and she then
checking in on me or just being aware of
where I'm at how about you make me do
something and also be really honest with
y'all like where I am would you describe
yourself as a younger person as a
perfectionist because I felt like my
growth in my like professional life and
in my creative life has been from this
extreme perfectionism to be allowing
myself to like make mess and make rise
I'm not as happy with or aren't as
polished but also kind of knowing where
that perfectionism is helpful I don't
think I would describe myself as a
perfectionist but only because I think
to be a perfectionist you have to do
stuff I was too afraid that things
wouldn't be perfect we can try so I was
not making things I was not you know III
had these ideas I have these visions of
okay well I've released an album and an
album gonna be like double-time and I'll
go on at Oriel be amazing how are you
gonna do that if you don't at least
write some songs they're rubbish a lot
to me I wrestle with so much like even
the damn play button has created the
sense of longing in me that I really
like the size of our community like I
don't think it's a great size and I love
the conversations I have but I want that
damn play button right and by god it
fills me with jealousy when I see other
people with it and I'm like I should be
there too and all that whole like does
the entrapment of the shiny thing yes
that is something I've also really
struggled with and when I get really
focused on that it stops me making roads
it becomes this whole thing about well I
have to make the thing that's going to
instantly shoot me way up there rather
than the thing that is like nourishing
why I'm doing is I'm trying to grow a
community of people who will want to see
my career do what I want to like take my
art in and whether that's you know books
films music whatever like that's what
I'm trying to build if you just want to
make videos that's also brilliant if you
have something to say
whereas if you go in there being like I
want to be a famous youtuber I feel like
that's a bad and that's something in the
video we made on your channel we talked
about YouTube in years gone and there
have been so many waves of
that I particularly remember when the
first idea of like YouTube properly
YouTube celebrity and when the money
came in and hasn't happened there's this
whole wave of people who just joined
YouTube just to make the money and don't
get involved in that and to be YouTube
famous and it's a funny because I can
barely remember anything else right now
yeah because it was so super bright and
then you also burn out like the burnout
is so really getting it all into this
thing it sounds a bit listen to say the
numbers are incidental because they're
not because how else would we have the
opportunity to do that we need we need
those numbers change row to reach more
people with the work that we want to
share with them not quite so directly
trans actually you know like there's
there's a difference between these like
really transactional channels we've got
these that use those numbers as ways to
get other things in a very transactional
I'll give you this you can see that yeah
I feel like with most youtubers I
watching and I'm friends with it's like
there's something more to it than that
you know it might open the store over
here but it's not like over all
these people here it's that's also
important and a value in what I was
protecting it's very easy to sit here
and be Noble and say like we're doing
this VR haloform but there are some
people who literally just want to go on
and share their life and you know yeah
being them and that's completely fine
there's room for all of that I mean I
like so interested in how in how
identity comes into it and seeing
yourself as a creative person because I
feel like I have a tendency towards
presenting a lot of confidence and why I
mean I'm pretty confident but presenting
a lot of like got everything sorted and
where it's entirely feeling like
anything will pick me out as like a
fraud or like everyone will see the
things as a work and be like god this is
terrible we knew the same you were like
all like the entire go scan the idea of
it all resting on the things I'm making
day today sometimes it's scary in a way
that I'm able to contain because I have
all these other aspects of take up
physically the hours of my day how do
you not get caught in that or if you do
get caught in that like how do you pull
yourself out of this and the idea of
feeling like a fraud well I'm not just
you know right before but like the sense
that what you make is so clearly tied to
your identity like it doesn't have to be
the most pure or perfect form of it but
it is it says something about you and
something even about what you're
choosing to share and then I just kind
of get stuck in that spiral of like this
is saying something about me and I don't
know that I'm necessarily gonna like
what it's saying or other people can
like might say it's not even about being
like there's like something else about
it that I feel like sometimes leads to
some sort of like creative collapse in
me because I'm so I think I retired I
think that's all just getting anger and
ahead I think that again when I I need
you Matt what's that like have you shown
that yeah like he could ask us recently
like I'm still learning like oh you're
having two years if you make a video
every day why do that or nothing
yeah I don't like that no you know I
feel like my creative my sense of myself
as like a creative person always feels
like such a house of cards so they call
me their throwback yeah I'm like a
throwback all old uses yeah so bring it
why are you that you actually like
engaged with your community in a way
that I think a lot the time I mostly see
much smaller youtubers and people have
been doing it for ages like Kassar yeah
doing like Cody doing I just think
that's because I'm a human being
well I guess but people I know there's a
basic sense of like what YouTube is full
and a lot of people see it as this
front-facing platform that doesn't have
anyone looking back you know like you're
projecting something out there you're
not having a conversation someone or
even just not showing it to this one
person where most of us interact with
YouTube by looking at it like either
one-to-one or like with your friends on
a TV screen on your phone or whatever
and it looks like that person's looking
back at you until he directly to you
yeah so to do it as kind of a projection
not having the engagement seems to me to
go get the neutral platform but that's
because of how I used it if I think of
where where I've been where I've come
from and so the reason I want to be an
actor I joined the Youth Theatre and
then started and I got such a rush from
making people laugh on stage and having
people that reaction and feeling that
connection with an audience when I make
a video I like to imagine that my beat
they're going to make people laugh the
only way I've been able to get out my
head is to actively just do it like
today I nearly didn't make a video I
nearly gave myself a day
this is the day where it normally upload
a video and then I was like mad at my
mother yeah except I suddenly found
myself with an idea and I was like well
I'll go with that on those days that you
feel it's just not possible seems to
make a video and you're so in it does
that in any way affect your sense of who
you are and like what your sense of like
what you suppose I definitely I take
there and I feel like I can't do this I
am what Who am I what I can think why
would I why do I think I could do this
you're never gonna be an actor it's not
in a good girl there's probability I
have to sit back and go oh why is my
brain doing that like that's not how I
feel I feel like I'm good enough I feel
like I do a good job and people clearly
enjoy the work I do so even though
strange that my brain is doing that
that's the thing I'm trying to do at the
moment I'm trying to go that's my brain
having a joke and on that note is the
batteries left
oh it's flushing as it's going to die
every other conversation that will
probably continue downstairs oh I never
ask you a follow-up video a lot of
people go through any level not just
when you're doing it full-time
even when you're making it at all you're
making anything that you're sharing to
anyone whether it's like reading a poem
on stage or I don't know performing
something or even just like choosing
your desired career path and going for
it that's all that stuffing likes the
murkiness yeah we finally did it I'm so
proud of us yeah bye-bye
