hey guys a people doing well today I'm
going to answer just the one question
from Cairo camels of current camels and
they asked did you ever have the urge to
drop out of uni if so why did you keep
on with it this question received a lot
of updates so it led me to wonder
whether a lot of you are in the position
where you think you might drop out the
University or you're thinking about it
there as most of you know I just
graduated from the University of Excel
after a three year course my course was
English with study in North America as
for my second year abroad in New York at
Vassar College and you all made that
academic work is really and put it to me
like if I feel like I can do a certain
standard of work then I have to achieve
that standard it's something that I
obsess about and stress about to a level
that is really unhealthy in a way not so
much now as I did in second year school
but that was a place that was coming
from work and academic achievement
academic excellence has always been just
extremely important to me and in a
September before my first year at
university I had thought well I'm gonna
keep studying and get a PhD eventually
you know I'm gonna get into the best
universities in the country everything's
gonna go according to plan
I'm going to just love what I do but
when I came back from the University at
the end of first term at Christmastime I
was very very very close to dropping out
I had looked at a lot of other
universities I had looked at transfer
things I had considered dropping out and
getting a job I had I had considered
dropping out and getting a job or going
travelling or just doing something else
to fill my time I was pretty unhappy to
be honest the academic side of things
was excellent I was still loving it I
was working hard I knew I wasn't going
to be the number one in the year or
anything but I was putting in the work I
could do and I was surprisingly chilled
out about it and in many respects
socially things were going pretty well
as well I was going out four or five
times a week I had some really good
friends kind of in my halls and around
for my course as well but and in a way
that sounds quite silly so many people
from Exeter went to public school went
to boarding school and in my holes
especially I felt really out of the loop
and kind of an outsider for going to a
state school grammar school combination
thing and to be totally honest with you
I wouldn't have felt like that if there
weren't people who it made me feel like
that two or three particular very very
snobby very close minded people who to
make themselves feel comfortable and
probably less insecure about you know
going to new place and seeing new people
put me down
because they didn't know the life that
I'd lived and by the life that I lived I
mean I went to school in a city and I
didn't know all the same people that
they knew I have to stress that this was
a minority this was just one or two
really stupid people who later really
grew out of it but that coupled with
other things I was unhappy about just
grouped together to make the whole
experience feel insurmountable and of
course I was upset because universities
this thing that you work towards during
secondary school if I didn't know that I
was going away in my second year then I
wouldn't have promptly stuck it out
there at university which would have
been a shame because I did haven't
really did three years I still don't
know if it was the perfect University
for me I don't think it necessarily was
but it gave me that second year abroad
at Vassar that made everything
worthwhile like that was such a valuable
experience that was just fantastic and
the only other time when I very very
very very briefly considered dropping
out or deferring a little while was
after my dad died and I remember
thinking that in California just after
I'd heard the news and I everything was
racing through my head it was like oh my
god I'm gonna drop out what because this
crazy like how am I gonna keep going
with all this in my head how am I gonna
do third year the hardest year of
university with all this in my head it
was the idea of graduating at the same
time as all the people that I knew which
was really important to me maybe more
important to me than it should have been
and there was that sense of I just want
to get it done now and I want to move
past this to other things I don't want
to be dragging it out as it were and you
start to think of university as dragging
things out however much you enjoy
certain aspects of it there's clearly
something in there that's not really
working for you so you do have options
and you have to be realistic with
yourself do you want to go through it
and just kind of get your head down and
get it done or do you want to take some
time out find somewhere that might be a
better fit for you and might not be a
better fit for you and then finish your
university experience a lot later like
it just depends you have just way things
up and I knew it like in some
instinctual part of my head especially
at the beginning of third year that the
solution for me was to just continue
working hard and continue finding ways
of making the experience better for
myself and surrounding myself with
really good people and also allowing
myself to go out and be a student and
have a great time you have to think
about University and then think about
how you're thinking about University
think about whether you're at
 has changed to it like that's
totally fine my attitude towards
University was different every single
year secondary school first year second
year third year like a completely
different attitude University entirely
that is fine what you want to get out of
it doesn't have to be the same thing
from day to day but it also helps if
you're studying something that you
really really love like books but yes
there were times that I considered
dropping out these are my thoughts I'm
dropping out of university okay bye guys
I will see you on Monday bye
