hi everyone so today after work I
descended into a subterranean passage by
moving stairs there in an opening many
many meters below the earth I stood with
my fellow humans we waited and time
granted us a cylindrical metal device
with a great rule of Rushton and panels
on its side opened to let us in and that
I was out once inside one of the
vertebrae of this great beast and
leaning against the edge I watched his
people to count glass squares I to
barely thinking brought out my own and
tapping the rectangular device caused it
to produce light through there I
connected to an invisible system
accessible even though it was so far
below the ground it's a system that can
even now be accessed from many many
kilometers above the ground when you're
moving through space and a tin of a
different sort through it I've had
several forms of entertainment keeping
up with and keeping updated those people
i seed for a few days once a year
keeping up with those people who I never
see and never know but you still matter
because they still live here on this
strange thing but nothing was quite so
entertaining as watching everyone else
as they were individually caught up in
their own little universe staring at
glass panes of different sizes it was as
I watched them that I realized this is
the future I've read about without even
noticing I'm already there and although
we don't live underwater too many
extents we live underground and although
we don't all have jetpacks many of us
have glass panes that connect us and
divide us in the morning on the way
there I saw these people as characters
from the wasteland by TS Eliot with each
man fixing his eyes on his feet moving
forward moving automatically your food
aid communicate with those around us on
commutes but I still find it strangely
comforting to know that the automation
the 16 your eyes upon your feet battle
itself can change we are at least
developing new ways of looking at our
feet meanwhile it's as though then
thrust into a 1950s science fiction film
this is the past present and future all
at once and I sort of only just noticed
that a quick final note some friends of
mine worked extremely hard and an
important film a documentary called
euless source and opportunity has arisen
that would allow this film to be
screened in some big important cinemas
out there in the States if you could
join me in supporting them through the
magic of clicking it would be much
appreciated have a lovely evening
everyone I'll see you on Friday five
