hi everyone so this is another Rosie
answers and let's start straight with a
question from Thea dazzle who asks how
do you deal with being vegetarian when
you're at a friend's house now it's not
so much of a problem for me because
everyone knows I'm a vegetarian and
everyone expects me to either bring my
own thing or mess around with what's
being prepared in some ways that makes
it okay appreciate when you guys make
the switch it can be quite awkward if
you like um I'm a vegetarian every five
minutes the key is I think to make it
seem as easy as possible for whoever
you're going over to see to assure them
that you can either sort our your own
food or modify what's being made in a
way that makes it really really easy for
them the people who's serving just be
helpful rather than snooty about it and
then I think they will see it as no
trouble at all Amy likes cheese asks how
long I'm going to keep up this Monday
Wednesday Friday video schedule I still
don't know I actually really like doing
it it's meant that I make something
three times a week at least and I'm at
least achieve that every week which is
nice they'll mark one of myself whether
or not the things I make it good can be
very difficult right now for example
it's 11pm and I just got back from what
I'm really really tired but I do still
want to deliver on that saying that I
promised to make it stuff but I'm going
to try and keep it up at least into a
Christmas but we'll see what happens
with that the wolf comes home asks can
you do a review of casual vacancy when
you've finished it please cincy so
please yeah I absolutely do a review of
it once i'm finished reading it I think
I'm 300 pages in so hopefully i'll be
done by this weekend camden andrew asks
about my color coding I didn't know some
views on my copy of the Dickens the bomb
for example or I don't know whether I
have it to hand no I do Michael may be
extremely loud and crowded places very
similar as well because those were the
books that I was doing my dissertation
on generally I'm a somatic color-coded
so as I read especially first few
chapters I pull out some of the themes
and then I use those themes as I'm
highlighting but the other thing I do
which you might have seen is just make
little marks next to paragraphs I do two
lines and then a star if it's a
particularly good quotation and you are
the little symbols and walks sort of
instinctively but I don't really know
how they break down I always have some
sort of highlighter or borrow near me
when I'm reading it's just really useful
tip in way to organize my thoughts one
reading and after reading a lucid minute
asks for advice on email etiquette I
think imagica is one of those things
that ever pretends to have
knots or two but doesn't really have an
answer to I think the key is to keep it
polite keep things in like best your
kind of guards at the end before your
name set out well with a hi or hello at
the start dear I think it's too formal
for emails but use high person's name
like high a lucid minute or hello
elusive minute and then break down the
main body of the paragraph shorter is
obviously better but sometimes you do
need to include more information and
again just keep it polite and keep it
the same way that you would write a
letter that body of it is how you would
write a letter and how you've been
taught to write a letter you also asked
whether it's essential to keep the tone
formal even when they aren't formal and
give an emailing regularly that's one of
those things you have to kind of play by
ear I think it's always better to be two
for more than two informal however you
can loosen up the structure a bit as you
keep emailing back and forth once you
start sending out more kind of formal
and official emails you really get into
the habit and you'll just be able to
pick up when it's appropriate to turn it
down a little bit or to turn up so
basically my sound advice is play it by
ear so useful that's all for now because
I was already established I am
absolutely not good but I hope you will
have a wonderful weekend and I will see
you on Monday finalized
