hi everyone so although I've talked
about this before it's something that
people always always ask me to talk
about and I feel like it's something
that people just constantly revisit in
their life and that's reading way
treating yourself to read making the
time to read and when people ask me how
I find that time to read my old answer
my stable answer was you just have to
make the time you just have to just make
time in reality this over simplifies
things and to be honest it was a lot
easier making time to read when I was
still a student but as now for whatever
reason I really really really have to
make the time like I have to structure
it into my day I absolutely romanticize
my nature with books for me it exists on
another plane and my desire to read is
tied into that I think every now and
then I do catch myself saying what I've
just been so busy tears don't have time
to do this thing that I love and that's
okay yes it would be okay if I were
being honest with myself is in reality i
know that i might have spent my evening
in a less productive way laying out
favorite lines from the hills but like
that's the whole thing i thought you're
making an effort with Spencer and Athena
but then he pulled stuff like you did
last night he's a sucky person he's a
sucky person Lauren I don't like Spencer
I'm never like that so that was a really
messed up thing he did last night it
seems to me that a lot of you probably
do this as well like he's found at a
time on tumblr or you spend your time on
top of it saying that you hate tumblr
where you spend a little bit too much
time categorizing your emails by labels
and label color or instead of reading
when your break you stare into the abyss
that is the music television channel put
on mute in the screen in your work
canteen just me okay to be honest with
you as delicious as it is I sometimes
think that romanticizing our
relationships with books can harm us
more than help us the experience once
you're reading the book yes that
deserves to beretta sized but sometimes
anything will give ourselves enough
credit for the physical decision to pick
up the book to stop stop the tumblr and
the lauren conrad for the lauren conrad
on tumblr and by not acknowledging that
start with sometimes you pretend it
doesn't exist by pretending it doesn't
exist that makes it all the easier to
lie to ourselves and say that we didn't
have time to read today it's something
that i am absolutely working on around
about where the message is really make
time to read that's not an abstract
thing or lofty thing or romanticized
thing that
like in literal structuring your day
around reading although it might feel a
bit like you're back at school it's
absolutely nothing wrong with saying to
yourself I'm going to try and read 50
pages today or I'll spend my half an
hour commute with a book up to my face
whether or not understanding little
changes that I hope me to big changes
that lead to habit really do that's a 2
p-12 answer to the question help I don't
have any time to read how do you find
time to read ah ego questions in the
comments before I day and I'll see you
guys then homeboy wore combat boots to
the beach I know you don't want to call
that your boyfriend Oh
