hello everyone happy monday this is your
regularly scheduled monday video these
are my regular scheduled friends Kate
and Leo today's video will cover a
number of topics special thanks to
Carrie and Brody for the input leads
everyone reminder sizes leaves and I've
been a person who's done that because
I've been in New York in autumn and
Boston in autumn and the UK in autumn
tends to be quite a pretty thing but
leaves are kind of annoying that they
were hazard and you slip over from you
die as much as I love the smell I can
get that by going in Katy's room is she
burnt only scandal Indian princesses
Indian princesses are something that I
learned about an hour ago I never did
brownies or Cubs of daisies or scouts or
any of those things but a couple of
people I know where apparently Indian
princesses which apparently is like a
daddy-daughter thing and you go every
week and you do crafts and sometimes you
do a blog I thought this was explained
to me but it's very apparent is like a
lick with like a long inflatable thing
and you jump in it also you sometimes
appropriate culture a little tiny bit
and make dream catchers this is
kayleigh's dream catcher Kaylee didn't
want to be in my video not to take this
to a sad place but it made me think that
I didn't really ever do that many
activities with my dad I main activity
when I was much younger was me sitting
on the sofa and watching football with
him incidentally right now West Ham
United are playing Queens Park Rangers
suppose when I was younger I did things
like you know cycling but that was kind
of a big family thing and I used to my
was very very younger with him to the
place where they sold wood and he would
buy wood and make desks and shells and
for house in the last few years before
he died we never had like a thing that
we did and he watched four matches less
and less on television i also just
wasn't really around Downton Abbey
sylvanian families it's also something i
learnt about through briley she tweeted
about it it's amazing and I don't watch
Downton Abbey and I just still love it
you guys know I just watched the Maggie
Smith bits I just find it so funny and
so well done and sylvanian families did
you guys have had them I never had them
but my neighbors did lampposts don't
really have much to say about those
moving on buses I was on the bus just
now on a lady left a very expensive
handbag on the bus and it was part of me
there was like oh my handbag nela park
me was like that's a bomb dozen a in the
bus he was at a far braver or far
sillier than I handed it in to the bus
driver like she touched the unattended
item also in bus news last night was a
staff party for the job that I have
right now I fell asleep on the bus on
the way back to the flat and woke up
like five seconds with
we stopped at my stubs this close to
racine my stop and it was such a moment
of victory especially when I got into
work this morning found out that one of
my colleagues had fallen asleep on the
train and ended up in Milton Keynes and
then he had to pay 60 pounds for taxi
back to his house in North London not
ideal not going back to uni not going
back to uni is very weird when some
people you know still at University it
feels very distant and very long ago but
I still feel like I'm caught up in this
weird postgraduate world that is as
difficult as everyone told me it would
be I never really believed that it was
going to be that difficult but yeah I'm
just trying to keep pushing myself and
keep myself reading and keep myself
thinking and writing in all of these
things and prying for jobs and just
going and meeting new people and just
are just all of these things at once
it's just too much for you right now
graduate life is great I mean there are
some great aspects but I love living in
this flat and it's really fun but it is
not without struggle i would say pasta
versus noodles two of my flatmates refer
to pasta as noodles piece of pana pasta
isn't a noodle my green faster isn't a
noodle I didn't know why it frustrates
me so much honestly these people I never
bless you 24-hour supermarkets I like
going the way back from work and I
sometimes do that after the late shift
which means I'm go to the supermarket at
eleven-thirty midnight a lot the frigate
servant and officers but crates
everywhere it's a completely different
spaces the space has been reinterpreted
by night time but there's a strange like
to knowing that you can go at any time
of day and it will always be open cold
it's cold right now and I don't really
like it and I'd appreciate to have some
LA weather over here hedgehogs we still
really want one and we don't know if we
can have one and we want it to be called
space heater because it's just the best
name ever we can have a hedgehog called
space heater and a dog called radar like
radiator you have endless heat related
names possibly attached to my dislike
for being cold also because space heater
is just the best move reg hog ever snail
that's outside my friends house and I
heard the crunch I'm under to meet you
one day Kaylee thinking something
terrible had happened which obviously it
had said what happened what happened I'm
just like I just killed us now I just I
don't even want to bet right now like
actually talking about it is making me
upset against now where's some
ultraviolet vents like just ah on that
note it's part
eight and I haven't eaten dinner yet so
I'm gonna go do that bye guys
