hi guys welcome to another episode of
rosy answers this time featuring them
greasy hair and you know it's past
midnight and whatever I look disgusting
it's fine I wrote some of your button
down this nice handy piece of paper and
the thyroid in with them on Twitter
elysium asks is there any actor or
actress who really inspires you well yes
Lizzy there's Emma Stone David Tennant
Maggie Smith and Jennifer Lawrence's are
all actresses I really admire mainly for
their use of humor they're not all
education Sarah tenant is a man they're
really really fine of extremely talented
they have really specific and unique
acting styles as well as individual
ranges that just just mind-blowing David
Tennant as well as neither one of those
actors who could so easily big typecast
and closed into very specific roles but
instead exhibitors range and that goes
for theater acting as well as television
acting for those are my favorite actors
and they they all really inspire me also
from Twitter late night lit or ask ways
to get your groove back on while on a
weekend break from stress well exercise
like Pilates and running and things like
that I think that's a really good way to
fill yourself with energy I was
discussing this with my sister earlier
actually it's really great to have a
balance so to have one day of rest and
then one day of productivity especially
in a weekend now one day of total rest
doesn't necessarily mean sleeping a bed
all day you might find that actually
drags down your energy eff was rather
than raising that go to the museum's go
to free museums go to your events go for
walks in the bike get four walks in the
park or meet up with friends but do
things that fill you with energy run
things they take away your energy it
might not work for everyone but time
management basically is the best way for
me and the last of the Twitter questions
Emily or and dash asks what's your take
on saving I think savings great and you
know really important and really
impressive however I do think that in
the current climate for students it's
extremely difficult to save because
they're asking my expenses and you have
to make these decisions like I had to
make the decision do I want to stay and
live at home with my mother and save a
lot of money and work and and pay off my
overdraft and XY said order I want to
take the opportunity to live my friends
and live really independently or rather
continue to live independently and be in
a situation where I'm forced to get a
job other words I can't pay my rent and
put off getting myself into a situation
in which I would be able to say well I
appreciate this
it's really important and it's something
that I really want to be able to do I
would love to have savings not as cut
and dry as up to me I think there are a
lot of situations that can affect your
decisions regarding my curious sock pig
on YouTube asks do you have any tips for
students who have bad teachers and
important subjects I think that all
subjects are important is one thing I
would say you draw from them later on in
life in weird ways you don't really
expect to draw from them I've taken a
lot from like secondary school history
classes and secondary school geography
but have some terrible teachers for the
subject so I found most difficult like
maths on some level they were just bad
teachers but then further than that they
didn't like teaching me because I wasn't
very good at maths and I think that made
them you know slightly resentful of
having to teach the stupid group as it
were sometimes you know not in every in
not in every case I think the best way
to get through that is to just find and
read other books that explain things
more clearly the thing about books and
YouTube videos explaining these sorts of
things they there as patient as you need
them to be because you can go back to
them and you can repeat them and you can
work through problems with them whereas
with some teachers you just can't you
try really hard and you you put any
effort to have extra sessions with them
but they won't respond and you have to
sometimes just get past that and if you
can't afford one on one tutoring then
use your resources use the internet and
and find books get books at the library
and I think that that will really help
you the flip side to that I would also
say you have a right to complain about a
teacher because obviously it's not only
your year and yourself that's been
affected it's going to be a next
generation of people as well as all the
other people in the schools have been
taught by that person so I was felt very
strongly that if I was unhappy with the
level of education I was being given I
would just go to the head of department
or to someone else that I trusted and
and tell them that I didn't think a
teacher was doing particularly well I
had one teacher who responded to that
extremely badly and extremely unfairly
in the middle of the classic used a sort
of backstabbing her and you know all
this stuff but at the end of the day
it's your education so yeah okay yeah
are you excited for the hobbit asks
jabber whoopee
I wasn't feeling six times today
Jabberwocky you might have been asking
me back I love the hobbit and I breathe
okay don't kill me I did not enjoy the
lord the rings books I just absolutely
love the hobbit as and it like just an
amazing adventure story and I am excited
for the film but I'm not like kaylene
levels of excited I'm excited for it in
a sense like oh yeah it's probably can
be good for me but not in terms of you
know squealing been for London asks do
you watch Downton Abbey no I do not
watch Downton Abbey I just I just don't
get it you know I just hope I think I've
watched so many programs that are just a
bit too similar to it they don't all
have my Smith in it so I do i do what
she look clip somebody smooth and
Downton Abbey and I look at all that the
gift sets and stuff from maggie smith at
Downton Abbey she's the only character i
care about i tried to sit through a
whole episode I can i was so i just i
think i've just seen it all too much so
ya know that no i don't and i'm going to
finish on this one she went shut up
ellsworth than some of your favorite
episodes of new here and there are quite
a lot of them and i really liked the
parting of the ways i really like direct
as well and in that very very first
reason you who i love i love Vincent and
the doctor i think is such read for
episode i love new earth I love a tooth
and claw I love the idiots Lantern I
love I mean James day is a hard one to
watch my real oh I love it as well I
really like the unicorn and the worst
because I love Agatha Christie and that
episode is just so funny it's amazing I
enjoyed the doctor's wife there are lots
of episodes that I have really loved and
and yeah so those are some of my favs
hey next week's going to be a little bit
different so Monday you can have your
normal Monday video Wednesday's going to
be Rosie answers and then Friday's going
to be mysterious mystery video mr.
isness all right until then bye guys
