hi YouTube so I feel like we're at that
stage in our relationship where I can
sit here 21 years of age sitting
slightly on top of my stuffed Winnie the
Pooh eating green pasture out of my
Dalek mug but the Dalek mug is
appropriate for today's topic of
conversation today I want to talk about
dr. you as some of you may know I help
from this website crew mutinies calm
I've written a number of immediate
reaction post to the recent episodes of
Doctor Who my opinions haven't been
positive really it whatsoever have been
one or two bits of each episode that
I've really enjoyed but it really is
isolated and it's something that I have
a problem with the question do you think
you've outgrown Doctor Who implies one
of a few things to me about the person
who's asking it the first and I think
the most important one is the
implication that kids writing is
supposed to be sloppy or it's okay if
kids are itunes bad not we should give
kids the highest standard a variety not
that we should give them the highest
form of entertainment highest form of
storytelling not that they deserve that
audience but it's all right because
that's kids writing it's bad when you go
up when he got out stuff like that's the
real stuff as some who's read and
recommended children's books with past
five years when I really resent that
there are so many fantastic books out
there that were written for children but
can be fabulously enjoyed by adults and
completely but to rest a stupid idea
that kids writing is lesser than anyways
and writing adults although the head
writers of Doctor Who in recent years
have both been men waiting for children
such as in fiction tends to be
associated with women but wonder whether
that has anything to do with the
perception of kids writing being
inferior to a dog wedding the second
part of what that question i think
really asks house again a lot to do with
the previous thing that I just said
there are people who think in the best
mode of action is to go with those
stereotypes for children gender
stereotypes racial stereotypes and then
give them the faculties to challenge
those jokes later I only land this crazy
crazy thought that the earlier would
give children healthy ideas about gender
and race and wealth you know socio
economic situations before those
stereotypes form before their systems of
judgment are absorbed from other people
systems of judgment that surely will
create a healthier developmental
environment for the child and also just
make a better community the third thing
that people who try to get across when
they ask me how I grew doctor who is
that
because my opinion is invalid did I
should feel that Club to who the way I
feel about the killers for example love
it or leave it but just allowed people
to enjoy it first I appreciate that
people have enjoyed episodes I've hated
that's always been the case I don't hate
the people who love the episodes that I
hate equally I'm allowed to not like
things and to express that opinion on
tumblr on opinion forums or you know the
website that I helped run and it really
is only because I want better episodes
it's only because I care so much because
I love this program so much i love the
actors so much and i find it really
disappointing when they don't get the
show that they deserve saving me it's
not a case of having outgrown Doctor Who
it's a case of wanting it to be better
and wanting it to be higher quality
regardless of the age of its audience
and I actually think the more years I've
invested in it the more accurately I
feel personally that I can assess it
when it's doing well and when it's not
doing well again that's my personal
assessment that's not me saying oh there
should be everyone's assessment so yeah
those are my thoughts now a baitcaster
me big questions for friday in the
description bar no leave me questions
for friday in the comments bye guys so
green
