hey everyone a few years ago back when
my room was still blue in my pet dragon
was still with me I made a video the
video was ostensibly about the killers
and why pop culture was important but
really what I was just talking about was
how much i love the killers I was trying
to explain why I loved them so much I
didn't trying to explain why I love them
so much I sort of failed saying anything
explaining and reasoning and questioning
and justifying and trying things out and
just going for things that's the way I
function i do or the reasoning stuff and
I also do all the practical stuff and
that's how I work this that's just how I
operate around the world probably not
that rare or unique a thing to do but
the killer's there is no explanation no
carefully constructed owed to the
excellence of them in the face of such
explanation there is this oh good this
is restricted to music as a medium and
the killers as an artist with books I
will happily chat to someone with a
massive open mind someone who hates book
that I love and I'll take their opinion
into genuine account and I'll think
critically about it and I'll consider it
and i'll place it into what other things
i've read and talked about about that
book and sometimes a book I've finished
reading and halton amazingly high
standard it's just crashed from
conversations I've had with people
people who notice things that I don't
people who thought in reddit in ways
that i didn't and i love that so it is
slightly weird that with the killers i
am a sealed staples and superglued
envelope i like them like what like
super truly love you may not like them
that's fine for my have to teach people
who don't like the killers is let's just
not talk about it give me this thing i
don't have to rationalize this thing I
can just love give me something with
which I can interact in a way I don't
interact with anything else where I
refuse discussion or contention allowing
me that would you I mean you have tea I
basically just want to make another
video about the killers in which I don't
really say anything because I love them
and because battleborn came out today so
favorite songs just from the past two
hours of listening it because I didn't
stream went before here with me Runaways
obviously and miss atomic bomb part of a
girl be still and the jack leconte remix
of flesh and bone which is so good
pranking the album's up to this point
too close to cool my favorite coolest
song is still after all these years mr.
brightside
you guys are Wednesday The Killers
didn't pay me or reward me or get me a
free CD to say this I just do genuinely
love them with the kind of love that I
haven't been able to stop talking about
back a woman coming out for the past
whether the liver learn what they do
this to me
