hi everyone so apologies about the wet
hair and I generally just shoveled
appearance I just got back from work and
I ran through the rain and everything
was just just blurry blurry right in
through my face for the past five years
I've watched a small independent
bookshop in richmond and sorry called
the lion and unicorn i started that job
when i was 16 but i had done a week of
work experience during the harry potter
release week when i was 15 as of monday
i no longer work there I just started a
new job in retail and I've been having a
lot of thoughts about how valuable that
experience has been and also like how
important it is to start something new
even if it's not necessarily the job you
want to do I think especially when
you're young and you've had a steady job
it's somewhere that is very familiar
even if you've had other jobs on top of
it for example I worked at the wimbledon
tennis have done hospitality work and
I've done work at university and other
sorts of jobs everywhere all over the
place but I always had that book selling
job as a constant as something that was
very reliable I think you get to the
stage they when if you do have the
opportunity to move on to a new job it
is good to do that just for new types of
energy and new types of people and while
it's a bit of a cliche to say new
challenges it's about allowing yourself
to not be the number one person like I
said in that transition from second
disclosure University in the same way
when you move from a comfortable job
just something different you're not
going to be number one and you are gonna
have to do a lot of learning and that's
kind of a good thing so as I said I have
had other jobs apart for the bookselling
one and most of those jobs have been
very short-term an event that I've had
to pick up on the job ray quickly and
meet people and five ways of connecting
with people in a very very short amount
of time Wimbledon was probably the most
extreme example of this because it was a
limited two weeks but it was so teamwork
reliant I was working on the bar and it
was just so dependent on just making
those connections and feeling
comfortable with other people but then
also finding out all the technical stuff
about that particular bar and that
particular clientele that sort of thing
with particular products and so it was
an extreme version of any sort of new
job experience sansa gave University
tips I thought I'd give some like dog
tips I am by no means an expert on this
but I'm just offering my insight and so
the fasting things I was there going to
be the kind of technically obvious ones
like be on time make sure your
appearance is up to scratch to whatever
kind of uniform rules they have then
also in terms of rules especially if you
were just starting there's lots of
people who've been there for slightly
longer time don't push those kinds of
rules you might not get away with
bringing your phone with you into the
work environment or
seeing in the work environment and
either way especially at the start the
biting buyers rules shows that you are
really serious like your job and even if
it is something that you do consider
just kind of a placeholder job then you
are willing to put the effort in and
you're willing to kind of follow the
system as it were with every job I think
there are sections where it's good to
take risks and then some things that are
just good to stick to the rules
especially when you're starting out also
I would say as soon as possible get
Tupperware I get clean fill get whatever
you need that will allow you to make
your own food at home and bring it into
work as delicious as local cafes are or
is cheap and cheerful as your local
fast-food places you will save so much
money just by making your own food
there's also kind of a good way to just
bring yourself and get yourself into a
good routine of allowing yourself enough
time to make yourself food meaning that
you're up early enough or or prepared
enough in every way before going into a
12 x room the last thing I have to say I
think it's the most important one and
the one that makes such a big impression
especially when you're just starting I
now keep repeating that phrase is when
for example is you who are starting new
if someone starts bitching about someone
else who's employed either whether
someone in your group of people who
starting new or whether an existing
employee just don't join in some people
express their nervousness or discomfort
through judgmental comments these are
ties can be very nasty it's also the
same for conversations with people
who've been now for a really really long
time whether those conversations are
about people who've been there for a
really long time or people who are just
starting you the most important thing
when you're starting something years to
go in with a positive outlook my friend
Haley and I are really obsessed with the
idea of positivity I think it can be
hugely hugely monumentally life-changing
it can really save your day that's not
to say you never allowed to be negative
or down or anything like that don't lie
about what you're feeling however I
think that bringing positive
conversations for example and stuffing
away from those that are negative I
think that can have a huge impact on how
you view yourself and other people view
and just being a happy person and if
your work environment is a positive one
or at least the part of your work
environment that you're involved in is a
positive one then the place where you're
spending say eight hours every day is
going to be a more positive environment
and all of that requires a certain
amount of bravery I mean don't be afraid
to say they've never said anything to me
personally or actually really like them
or I didn't have a problem with them
just
they change the topic this week you've
watched Lex's most recent video well
there that I am a fan and coin up four
base Gryffindor the up I think that
phrase applies in this case when you
have the need to tell people that you're
not interested in having a negative
conversation and they might turn their
nose up at you for that but i think the
payoff will be worth it if you have any
tips for anyone starting new job then
leave a little comment in the comments
or leave a video response for those of
you who aren't already there's a
subscribe button somewhere up here make
sure that you're following looky news on
Twitter because that's the website I've
right for you can get free shipping for
prints and t-shirts and stuff them in
the link in the description bar below
that's all the business of the day
speech you guys later bye
