everyone hope you're doing well or at
least a little better than these flowers
are doing basketball in its john green's
birthday here sorry excellent i'm cher
lloyd thank you for starting right now
John reminds us to be awesome through
the internet on a weekly basis and the
kind of on a general level on a daily
basis his real champion of thinking
carefully and thinking well and thinking
that thinking is important also just a
great love to be around and it totally
wonderful person so happy birthday John
but now is pretty much porn music /
views a time that's what they're calling
it these days chokers asks what kind of
work are you looking to do my biggest
dream is to be able to write all the
time just do that and Matthew my job and
that's me house I pull myself two
stories and and through sharing their
stories with other people and more
realistic dream is doing social media
publicity persona publishing house I've
actually has that's really good at this
it's quite books and they have this guy
called Eric Smith it's just so on top of
social media and so notice the right
audience to disturb the books that
they're releasing and I think it's
wonderful I was really really not to
have that job I am coming after your job
the time being go anything that involves
seeing new people please let me tell
because I public that is something that
I really get a lot of energy from I get
my energy from being with around other
people so it works well for me kitten
with a chaos you guys only have three
years of University yes in the UK you
have three at the University of last
year doesn't count towards your final
grade normally your secondary accounts
for a third of your final grade and if I
do obviously can't swear to you goes to
your final grade and the UK have a
first-class degree in upper second the
lower second third and definite
calcifications can be taken really
seriously throughout the rest of your
career so this clear your classification
mountains in a way that it doesn't
really from what I understand in u.s.
also interesting me if you transfer from
a UK sort of a high school they will
count your first year classes as US
second your classes and they only put
you in as a junior but again I'm depends
on the school and kind of requirements
you have and blah blah blah there's
study board information ah hand side
which we fight ask whether or not i
wrote for exposing which was the student
newspaper were at the University of
Exeter now I did it
I regret not doing but all throughout
first year I was on the proofreading
team it was really great you know in
first many hours you wanted to prove me
the issue and they would order pizza and
if ever there when the pizza there I was
really good good times and that period
of time I was so adjusting to how I was
going to ban to create about what I did
to review to burn through my writing
with what I was want to do at University
and also with why I was having to
provide in terms of essays and homework
and research and that sort of thing but
as I'm still writing for other outlets I
didn't think it was a huge loss but if
you haven't written for anything before
it's a great idea to get starting
student newspaper especially if you're
wanting to know things like journalism
where you have to show a keen interest
throughout your mind a lot of you like
crazy Claire 88 like the headband in my
last video I would just like the little
sequently one which is now packed up
someone gets romney look it was in the
sale i think was about to bounce I
didn't ever really go into you look and
then I went in and suddenly these things
that I really liked were just there in
front of me pulling my name's they often
do clothes I loads and loads and loads
of people have asked over the course of
my videos during my time at University
whether it's okay they don't like going
out of course it's completely okay that
you don't like going out and you will
find other people that don't like going
out as well but the thing I find a huge
problem within maybe nerdier communities
is there seems to be this great project
to attack people who do like going out
and who do like drinking you do like
dancing who do like age club and as
someone who falls into that cash for you
and there's somebody falls into that
category I've sometimes feel a little
defensive about it I feel the need to
say I do these things not necessarily
it's okay that's the wisest thing to do
all the time but just sit in the words
of wil wheaton it's okay not to like
things just don't be a dick about it
something now more than at any other
Asian history it's really easy to find
people who like things that you like
treehugger 09 says can you think of
other situations where a parent failure
has made you feel like about us because
I feel like knowing about this could be
really helpful to me I think translating
that sense of failure into a sense of
accomplishment is something that you do
really learn from if you compare my
reaction to not get into Oxford not
getting into Harvard Yale Princeton
Stanford which will few months later it
definitely felt like I'd learned from
that first experience and I was
disappointed by the same time it wasn't
soul crushingly hair dying Lee
devastating
is that you've all seen it by now but my
friend likes made actually in really
good video about this called not getting
in that's why the bush because it's
really true you do become aware that
there is this whole other world
possibility now maybe not quite the
world man there's still so much
possibility in opportunity that
opportunity never goes away as I would
say there's a certain feeling of
accomplishment even with the rejection
from all those US universities because I
said to myself I had done these
applications i did this application in a
match from four or five months I did my
cities and got really good schools I
taught myself biology my references from
school where amazing actually really
proud of that and also just the fact
that it was something I wanted to do and
I gave it a go and I think that that is
the best way to do things and that I am
slowly slowly learning it's the best way
to live my life not without care in the
world just thinking if there are
something that I want to do what other
steps I can take to make it happen being
bold again I suppose maybe I'll try and
answer questions every Friday maybe I
have a question Friday time don't leave
any comments you want me to answer next
week in the comments below today is an
exciting day because i am moving into a
flat I'm moving to flat with my friends
k Lemurian and son while it's
nerve-racking and strange to be leaving
the house I lived in for 21 years those
are quite sad in that respect I think
I'm ready to do it and it will provide
me with a lot meditation and more
general would be fantastic so I'm
excited fire goes but now it's pretty
much for new music let that
