hi everyone so as many of you know last
weekend I was at VidCon this video is
not that vid continent was at VidCon
which are you talk about the next five
seconds I was on a panel about women on
YouTube I spoke quite a few of you after
the panel and kind of general response I
got was an overall positive one but also
the sense that this was the start of
something new there shouldn't be a new
conversation considering some of the
most influential youtubers were you know
women and I was writing to hand me the
other night about ideas of how we could
keep this going it means how we don't
want to lose that momentum we don't want
to lose that creative energy so
basically what I'm saying is let's keep
the discussion going welcome to the
first annual ladies survey the surveys
of course not just for women and have a
key role in this as well on however else
you identify yourself I think surveys
are a great starting place for
continuing the discussion starting
continuing English degree both question
who are your favorite female youtubers
there are some classic flirting are 15
life I superior melee Molly who still
makes videos there's a really fantastic
huge people huge successes like
community channel and jenna Marbles know
people who I found recently like chess
Kelly and Dane great in a row the
Olympics favorite female athlete
probably Jerry duck you I love love
favorite book written by a female with a
female protagonist probably I capture
the castle but that's a tough one
because of the you know Jane Austen
what's your favorite film written by a
female with a female protagonist
clueless it's funny it's my its 19th
it's basically tumblr favorite female
fictional character in general probably
Hermione Granger and i also have a huge
love of CJ Cregg from the West which is
kind of everything I never want to be
what is the biggest problem facing
female content creators today and any
solutions I just I think it's harassment
and perhaps a lack of online structure
to deal with the harassment because you
can't release the internet at the same
time there needs to be more safety in
place and whatever size needs to be
placed on that rather than necessarily
the freedom of speech side of things
which I think generally tends to
dominate that conversation more
structure and more awareness about the
structure once that's in place I have
written a post on tumblr about safety
online and
think that the description bar below do
you think achieve an online video in
general a better suited for tackling the
problems that women face in the
workplace and the prejudices that women
have to deal with than maybe television
online video suddenly has a potential
especially as are more independent and
theory when we're being paid through
YouTube and you're being paid through
networks there's no discrimination just
on the basis of being women it's more
about whether or not you will get the
views to me it seems more to be the case
that disparity in pay between men and
women on YouTube is more down to people
choosing to watch mens videos rather
than women's if any such dispatching
sassoon that says there is a lot of
power in the audience but I don't know
necessarily the problems with ageism or
heteronormativity or any of those things
really necessarily automatically are
solved just by being on the internet and
having maybe a slightly wider audience
what do you pledge to do to make
internet better place for all ages races
genders classes or creatives I'm going
to steal this one from Laci green I'm
going to use my voice I think for too
long I've absorb the ignore is the
internet mentality it's time we will use
our voices so I urge to use mine and to
encourage other people to use guys as
well and I think that good stuff is the
first step towards that but it's only a
step it's not you know a loop for my
entire anything add this is a lady
survey tell us a story featuring a lady
in a prominent role when I was very
young about three or four my best friend
live next door when we would talk to
each other by standing or rubbish bins
go chat with the feds together and would
be great we chatted for hours and hours
and hours Hougaard she had loads of
amazing curves like fennel and dill she
used the pics on these plants and pass
them over and I taste them and just be
amazed the one day I managed to convince
her that some very very fine grass was
very expensive her that's very fancy her
but I wasn't allowed to taste because
she was my friend I would pick some and
let her try it basically I mean my
friend he grass so sorry neta next order
of business is to tag five people with
Sanna books and quills Marion Marion
honey Kaylee I'll see you okay be hiding
whatever she's using at the moment I'm
going to tag some of my fellow panelist
Christine I talk to snakes and Haley
energy Hoover the fist of power please
do you take part and leave your videos
as video responses to this video right
here what you guys made up by
