it's going yeah it's recording yeah
deadlights don't actually but it's
camera action take this book I have a
camera lady by the name plants grew as
this is where am I you some filming for
other people and be
yes me sir moose cover it that's so rude
me why would you do that this video's
most sit no this is trying to kiss you
slobbering mouth is too is the club we
go moose moose know who tried to let the
camera moves academies loose gone you're
in the way we gotta go to the
formalities from shopping he's licking
my knee he thinking I need don't do that
me and which is one of my favorite parts
of LA or its portability thank you but
it's also strange because that was the
whole area that I wanted everything
California sorry he's trying to eat my
toe shoe and sushi so professional bug
zappers are pretty sure yeah there is
nice like that this morning worries me
out here eating a breakfast of the
balcony and both my life of California
years no it's just a it's kind of hard
 storm
or we've gone and I think that's really
true because it's just like a few a few
friends at a time and chilling out walk
around it is very common ways but come
to me everyone in one big space to be
great time as well but it's going to be
very different this and I'm glad and
very fortunate to be able to have both
of those experiences even though most
people being locked in my room at home
looking for a job but you know why do
that when he comes California is one
reasoning I've started the other
fielding and I'm really love it and I
also caught up happened with me which is
slightly trashy TV book as well and
today I'm going to buy into that and age
the beer as well as the garage and it's
going to be great so that's just it was
a lot of data from me yesterday I could
act Apple in like Stephanie so tied to
her life and moose was almost better
than me but not by much I be here by
about two cards for free one
and it was just really fun fun time for
my friend reality I could be three that
are part of that it was nice so yeah
experiences whoo california Thank You
lights recording by
