hey guys when you're a student you get
certain free passes to doing things and
behaving in a ways that you wouldn't
necessarily behave where you're not
living a student life things that you
can probably still get away with doing
once you've graduated university but
really you should be kept to the student
bubble eating your grapefruit in the
shower ridiculously practical because
grapefruit gets everywhere and also you
wash up your spoon in the process no
need for a bowl you're wearing
ridiculously high heels to a club or
your way back just take them off just
what yeah it doesn't matter if there's
glass around you're a student everyone
knows your student it would be fine if
you did that what's graduated might look
a little bit trampy but it's okay
because you're a student and yeah he's a
student it's fine using new university
library as your personal Blockbuster
people underestimate how many good films
and television programs are in the
university library she did this count
I'm going to really miss my student
discount the essay based reward system
if I've written 500 words and I get this
reward if I write another 500 birds and
I get this reward you did that tumblr
picture that says do you don't reward
yourself with food you were not a dog
don't listen to it it's full of crap and
you don't necessarily have to reward
yourself for food you can reward
yourself with cultural films from HMV
and you can rule yourself we're going to
see a film at student price go to the
pub for lunch and end up staying there
all day copied here guys carpe diem
constantly turning your room into dens
why don't doubt but I probably will
still be doing that after graduation
it's not anymore acceptable at
university I have made one every single
year usually during the apex of my exam
stress and for those of you whose
student households do not involve dryers
then it's a really good way to dry out
your sheets in that vein many student
households don't have dryers drives use
up a lot bellick tricity so everything
becomes your dryer you can hang your
damp clothes from the pasture you can
hang your damp clothes out of the garden
window hang your damp clothes of the
flagpole on the entrance to your house
but we don't have flat Falls because
we're not American but still washing
separate colors yeah like so necessary
it's a luxury to even use things like
fabric softener just use washing machine
tablets put it in fine washing up
rinse breeze little bit more just cut it
off it's fine thinking critically about
the use of penguins and picture books
part of your degree sambuca shots will
never be acceptable outside
I don't dislike them pound just
generally all these little plastic Club
glasses and things that delight and the
club's going out and knowing that
everyone will be in one place or two
places or three places depending on
their different preferences and thinking
yourself classy when you buy you know a
packet of strawberries rather than just
doughnuts
I'm just eating a box of doughnuts dizzy
can ah I don't want to graduate I kind
of do but I don't know for those of you
who are leaving University or who have
already left what will you miss what
have you missed what is there to miss
about student life and its various
disgusting oh I'll just wear again I've
only worn it four times I can't be
bothered because I also didn't have any
more she got tablets off life stuff let
me know bye guys
