hi guys so we're back down by the key
again it's another beautiful sunny day
oh it's just lovely this weather makes
me feel like there is no way I can stand
winter ever again in my life I'm just
gonna have to move to the equator and
it's just how it's gonna have to happen
they were on the sarcastic Channel
they're talking about bucket list this
week I kind of went to about the same
thing but in a different way I've been
writing a lot of 5-year plans recently
obviously as I've kind of gotten to the
end of this but also it's something that
I've just done we've done a lot I don't
know who really instigated it I think it
was a big thing at my school in
secondary school I said that sort more
person to me than a bucket list per se
more because a bucket list is sort of
too long and lofty and I like again as
you saw within ooh yeah I like specific
goals and specific times I'll be 25
years old coming up to you 26 when my
sister was that age she was pregnant and
got married when my other sister was
that age she had already done too many
things and it makes me extremely jealous
she was a casting director she kept in
Australia she's just she's crazy person
in five years time I would love to have
a story that I'm really really proud of
published not even the five years I'd
love that to be the case in like two or
three years when I'm 25 I'd be working
on my second thing what if I this time
I'd like to still be living with friends
if everything goes to plan in August
I'll be moving out and having went three
friends and living in London I just have
a lot of fun like big houses kind of
missed that this term because I haven't
been living with friends and while it's
been really nice to have my personal
space so I can get through my
dissertation stuff there was something
really nice about having a lot of like
energy in a house I think that's
something that I kind of need and throw
it off I see myself having lived in
London for many years but I think I ever
seen myself in like Chicago or
California or maybe somewhere in Mexico
I would love to have lived in Mexico for
two or three months at least hopefully
things become a bit more stable there
but even if they don't it's something
that I think is really important that
haven't been to Mexico for so many years
now it's such an important part of me
who I am I I really feel the need to go
back the next years I'd like to go to
Africa and Asia I really want to go see
Petra and Jordan
really
Egypt I really want to go to Cape Town
there's just a lot of things that I want
to do and go and see but obviously my
travel risk could go on for a very long
time I would like to enter a by that
point as well I feel like a really young
University student now like my travel
plans by the time I'm 25 I'd like to be
a pro at camera equipment I'd like to
know everything about it I'd like to
still be vlogging I hope I'm still
vlogging but I'd also like to be making
videos for other companies as well I
think that would be something that I
would enjoy doing and not things with me
in them necessarily I think I'd like to
make videos for online distribution kind
of thing that sounds really dirty that's
not that's not what I meant I don't want
kids
I would like to have met JK Rowling I've
never done it before
sit down and have a chat I'd love to be
to Iceland back to Champaign temporarily
I'd love to not have an overdraft and
have kind of minimal depth so ideally
just have like student loan which I
would be slowly paying off with a couple
of other smaller things but nothing big
and scary I'd like to get back into
speaking French and ideally learn how to
speak Italian my Spanish which is you
know pretty good but it's grammatically
crap it was at it's a peat get an√≠bal I
was so on it I was reading Spanish mix
but what I was chatting the time and a
fantastic teacher and I'd now just kind
of gone where I just wanna be really
happy in fact his time I'm still like
active and healthy and I'd quite like to
be vegan in fireside I'd like to be like
properly vegan like it would be really
nice if I'd had like three years of not
eating like milk not eating the stuff
that actually physically makes my body
function less well it's a weird girls
have yeah one of my uni finds it very
weird that I'm eating vegetarian I like
to be a lot better at interviewing
because I've done some red carpet
interviews especially for Harry Potter
stuff and I really love it and I get
such a kick out of it I'd like to really
improve that I like to have an office I
would like to still be friends with my
friends
it's taken me a long time to grow it
needs to stick around have to go and see
The Killers perform a few what times I
have to go and so you no doubt what will
you be like when you're 25
they had me know in the comments I'd
also like to turn a boat across the
Atlantic maybe I see the Northern Lights
I'd like to get as far apart as well but
I think I'd be disappointed when there
are no armored vests
