hello everyone from the park today's
video is sponsored by every publishing
app penguin to celebrate the publication
of poetry the new war on truth and how
to fight back by marking d'Ancona a few
d'Ancona is a journalist and an
award-winning political columnist for
publications like The Guardian New York
Times and GQ service that just came out
I read it about a week ago and it really
interrogate the current approach to his
climate we're finding ourselves in but
it also shows that it's not something
that has happened all of a sudden and
unexpectedly for mines and lots of parts
of the behavior that I've seen in action
online discourse in Surrey skiers like
many of you I'm sure I'm really worried
about the transfers being at the moment
in how we interact and are encouraged
interact with data science experts and
so on yeah that no one really knows the
truth an approach that we can't know
what didn't happen and simply to rely on
a conspiracy theories approach in the
sheep's clothing of scientific and
philosophical doubts you don't know for
sure that I did it was a bank this
morning and you all think don't know for
sure that I did is actually a memo that
that I was in to run for UK in my view
especially in this information age where
there's so much information out there so
many was out that it's really important
to be a critical thinker the approach
being taken by a lot of people
especially online and especially the
context of things like climate change
deniers it's a form of fact relativism
their gear that there are no absolute
facts and therefore a big leap the data
is somehow pliable any contacts or
persuasive argument when a story is
great in this way I held up alongside
account creative consistent with
peer-reviewed scientific research
particularly when it happens on a public
platform but false equivalence is
created with the validity and relevance
of that account and lack how its
conclusions and it places are healthy as
valid and worthy of amplifying and
sharing distributing and holding up to
the tort or the transfusion in data this
is most visually represented for me in
carrot cake grants from states
an email chain confuse no chance that
crop out relevant details or the scale
or methods or number of participants
while they may still be attributed to
the source material like The Economist
or a research body and often that in
itself is a very important part of the
message a role like this is what people
aren't telling you or something that you
didn't know those cherry-picks or
distort as those carry packs will
distort the graph themself contradict
the description species and conclusions
drawn by both researchers and those who
may have taken in that data and that we
sell it and drive it into an article in
a respective publication the more I
think about it kind of a simulation of a
persuasive letter receiving the reader
using the means of communication online
that the sources they're using to
illustrate or prove the argument are
merely being shares rather than walks
there not only the using the language
data and the visuals of data is also
using the means by which we share these
that we communicate to one another a
personal what that would be was also
discussed in this book which I'm now
protecting from the rain under my coat
are there examples that simply really
ease the through visuals of the crowd
size at Trump's inauguration for example
I won't forget that moment when Shawn
slice about secretary pointed to be
visuals of the crowd side as there those
pictures that showed clearly smaller
crowds served as some kind of proof that
that crowd is bigger than Obama's 2008
inauguration and not just the pictures
or the visuals are set up to present
some kind of fact and authority the
press secretary is West Wing bus snow
stands on a rant platform is offered
behind a podium and behind that podium
is the White House feel very the
conversation and the physical body
language is that point of giving a
presentation like a business meeting
when you're standing next to a bit bored
with all sorts of data but all of this
is a fruit cream the data and in fact
even the visual point like contradicts
Trump and against the official White
House position the online base book
persons in ripped from its context so
that email from anon is in their
situation is in this situation actor on
stage is fiercer traditionally
associated with
yes and son says so against critical
approach and understanding that they're
presenting a certain kind of emission
but to undermine it in such a way that
the mean seems extreme closer to home
and very close to where I am right now
saint-omer flags that really some
expensing means to me when Michael Gove
said during the leave campaign for
breakfast I think people in this country
have had enough of Expo and I think of a
sense right now so quite everything I
just said about vaccine users take out
of context so on the April budget grass
expert statistics prove our to be
divided a position which itself relies
on a really individualistic sense of
superiority as well as a quick tribal
and confirmation bias you find the fact
you need to support your position and
who cares of those backs their context
their message to achieve are a bit
wobbly when challenged but as the rain
is getting higher as I'm seeing here in
London thinking about this with a
general election coming up not that far
away
I wonder what your thoughts are on all
of this and whether there a book or a
film or TV show there made you a more
principled leader that made you think
about all the personal how is it
connected how to talk about what we
consider truth in many ways in which we
consider trees without a big difference
or otherwise the role of that the role
of science and so on did it make you
think just me did it include voices that
have been traditionally systematically
marginalized and was that why it made
you think differently was an example of
that kind of warping I thought about or
did it just make you zoom out a bit and
help you see the things that play
caprica report's conclusions in being so
ter review science it's not without
chaos but I think it is something to be
celebrated and this kind of hyper
intellectualism that actually has
nothing to do with the facts or has
something to do with the facts that are
using it in this crisis waste of way
it's kind of
feels new that maybe as it quite as we
think I'd love to hear more in the
discussion in the comments on where you
are at all the fact if you're interested
in reading post trooper new war on truth
and how to fight back by matthew
campaigner there are links to a couple
of places where you could buy in my
description box i've also made a video
for penguin platformer that has become a
more critical reader you can find a link
to that in the description or somewhere
down my face thanks again to e brieant
penguin for sponsoring this video and i
will see you all very soon hopefully in
comment because i want to know what you
think right right
season 8 my very fancy set up for this
video oh yeah who needs a try for
