hi guys say this money I went to the
dump with my mother which is always
really funny because there's these huge
skips full of like TVs and it's all very
worried like definitely one of those
things that takes him back to being a
little kid and going on trips to the
dump and helping bringing out one time
from thing was my contribution I can't
bring out like a leaf and put it onto
the green pile it's been really
interesting reading your comments from
yesterday about the smoking thing that I
voluntarily go out into smoking areas in
clubs sometimes just to find my friends
would have a break from being inside
with all the madness there are a few
people who said that personal liberty
should not depend on comfort which I
agree with to an extent but then I also
think that people were right when they
were saying that it's an underlying
anxiety because of the risk of being
attacked that yeah women so keenly feel
that maybe I felt safe in logical terms
but kind of under the surface there is
that fear
yeah banning people from smoking outside
isn't going to stop that from happening
it's a bigger problem it's about 8:30
p.m. and I'm 50 pages away from
finishing breaker which I really
enjoy I'll actually let you know about
it tomorrow when I'm properly done I
have to least favorite questions at the
moment are one of those it's related to
jobs I realize today that it's not even
so much people asking me and curious
about what I'm interested in doing as a
job but people who are taking it on
themselves to worry that I don't care
enough about getting a job no no no no I
could promise you just just no I know
you guys probably don't feel like that
but I think as well you may since my dad
died people feel like a huge
responsibility to fill that role but you
tell me what to do so many people have
advised me to go into finance and
investment banking and things like that
and what do you do you know me I know it
will comes from a place of caring but
sometimes I'm just like shut the F up so
progressively I'm becoming snappier and
snappy about that which is so appealing
I have a warm winning heart but I have
girls myself and I will take other
people's opinions and things like that
but I'm not gonna take other people
telling me I should be more worried than
I am or whatever do you not need to tell
me to worry that is something I am
perfectly adequate at doing by myself
the second thing that's annoying me in
rosianna complains every day in May is
the boyfriend question I know we don't
all rest under the illusion that there
are no more glass ceilings to crash
through or anything in relation to
women's rights it's really interesting
and
a bit unnerving to hear how many people
are interested in whether or not I have
a boyfriend and again this isn't youtube
this is IRL but about as equal concern
as they have for my future job prospects
it's funny because I've never been a
boyfriend sort of got in fact I've had a
grand total of one boyfriend and I've
seen people before and that things with
people before whatever but it's never
been the number one priority for me it's
just something that I don't really care
about maybe as much as I'm supposed to I
feel more concerned about the fact that
I don't care about it then about the
fact that I don't have one and even
saying it like that like I don't have a
boyfriend makes me feel like it's saying
I don't have a pair of louboutin shoes
or I don't have a don't know what else
is unnecessary in my life lack through
whatever boys a great fun I'm just not
prioritizing everything around
relationships and I really like that
video of Taylor Swift on Ellen talking
candidly about boyfriends not being the
focus of her life but I think people
could deal with that perspective because
she entered it by saying when she falls
in love she wants it to be a rare thing
and that makes that aspiration of
falling in love the target that's not
the time if my life I'm 20 I already
have fun I was watching the wheel block
foam friends-with-benefits the other day
which I love and most of you should know
that because a emma stone is in it and
be it was directed by Bullock who
directed and wrote ez8 one of my
favorite films of all time but I'm very
very much like Justin Timberlake in that
film as much as I would like to be like
my lucuma store they were having a mix
of both it's nice to be confident enough
and this respect in the respect of
boyfriends and not having boyfriends or
whatever that when people try to make me
feel like I should be ashamed they're
not having one I'm just like go away any
of you out there fiercely independent
women like you know Destiny's Child and
what's that song miss independent by
Natasha Bedingfield tell me what you
want that I'm defined by a guy or even
not defined by it but that that's
essential to my life it's not by the way
David Tennant Leonardo DiCaprio Eddie
Redmayne James Franco Zac Efron Liam
Hemsworth Penn Badgley toupee edges the
last bit oh happily be your girlfriend
because you guys are the exceptions in
my heart
NAT miss independent to make the word
system
Brendan flowers as well yeah for you
government
