hi everyone so for those of you seeing
this face for the very first time my
name is Rosie Anna I'm 20 years old my
youtube channel is Miss X of rojas and i
make video blogs on it the raw hostas
because we leave or not so let me stab
me Donna the other half of me is English
I've been video blogging on YouTube for
about six years now which would be
utterly depressing were not for the fact
that i love it so much which is why i
decided to apply for the youtube next
mother thing it kind of worked out and
one of the 16 people they picked move so
for those of you don't know me here's a
little bit of background in july i'll be
graduating university with a ba in
english i'm in the last few days of my
dissertation writing process really i'm
just excited and nervous about what's
gonna happen next and there's a Swiss
ball just morning around what do I love
about robbing I love that people know
that when I say something i'm being
genuine and being sincere I don't rely
to people on my channel I really like
talking to people i really like hearing
what people have to say and I think that
YouTube is a really great place to do
that and I think vlogging really opens
that up a bit more than maybe other
styles of video making I love that it's
given me skills of video making with
programs such as I movies been so great
so far I've been talking about books and
films and politics and just like random
things that normally random things I
love as I move into the big bad world
they want to do things figure and more
regularly I just want to be putting more
out there and a YouTube next book a
program it's going to be a really great
opportunity for me to do that so I'm
excited you check outs on my more recent
videos I'll put them over my face thanks
for watching and I hope to see you later
bye guys in the house she never say that
again
