I'm chilling out in the house by myself
I've nothing to do some wanted to walk
to my camera Tokyo's so basically what
I've been doing a lot of tidying silver
because we have lots of plans in this
house of like stuff to do my old room
which is not a mouse's room looks really
different so it's like sad this used to
be where the bookshelf my dad made three
walls and now that cooked up some three
four five boxes of books under there are
three box of books up there let's do
next door there's one down there it's
just boxes of books everywhere the thing
I own is books I don't really own
anything else cute pictures of me as a
little nail switch this is the first
banana bread I have ever made I realize
it looks like a cake but that's because
I couldn't find a loaf tin but how
beautiful does that look ah hey guys so
today which I've been my dad's birthday
was my dad's birthday I never really
knew how to phrase it like that but we
have any way and play for a few more
hours and then I get my train back to
uni in the evening I believe we're going
to wander around London a moment I'm
just hanging out in my room with my dear
working really hard on my dissertation
in my defense mode station zoom back
nicely back from betos back for a week
and a half a lot that times just by
myself from the host I had Katie Lex
over one night as well which was really
fun I died to Kaylee's hair in my mom
gave me this call back fat got she
bought for herself and then of course
the second Oklahoma spotted her I was
like this is really cool can I have it
so when she got back from holiday she
gave to me which was very nice of her oh
hey it seemed I know Chanel bag that
I've got ages and ages scope from car
boot sale for ten pounds and they let to
Johnson prom dress of the bottom this
isn't becoming star blog by the way for
some reason being at home makes me talk
about fashion and clothes and items and
tights and things after that cracked out
cool tights video I got a couple of
offers for modeling I'm not going to
accept but you know complimentary I'm
going to stop procrastinating by making
videos and maybe actually do a bit of my
actual dissertation for a bit and I'd
like to get it done by this coming
Friday
get it bound and just have it there
already and done and out of my life
that's the dream guys I will talk to you
later bye
going way to go I have created an easter
egg hunt for the lovely katie hi there's
like five of them five the little guys
oh it was kind of harsh good you're like
burning me close oh my god them into
freaky flower my Instagram my eggs
you
