dear world I now have abandoned you but
I have been drowning under an avalanche
of work you didn't think you could drown
on drone Avalanche you are mistaken to
know is water after all don't tell me I
didn't know anything about science
anyway so a 52 days left of academia not
52 days left until my graduation but 52
days until the final deadline for my
earth shatteringly imported dissertation
was seriously using a lot of the
disaster imagery today as well as an
essay on the surprisingly challenging
and extremely fascinating realm of
children's literature you may be seeing
much of me until then and by then I mean
52 days time what if that was not the
point of this video the point of this
video was please can someone make me a
version of rich in kitchen but with
pictures of David Tennant's face I'd
really appreciate it and I think you
could contribute to my academic success
belt of love from rosianna
so you're writing dissertation here are
the six things that you need to make
your dissertation successful I hope
because I didn't know if mine successful
yet but you know across a net one
rushing kitchen preferably adapter to be
david tennant's face too colorful sticky
note things three and i cannot stress
this enough the notebook setting on word
2004 I don't know if the updated
editions of word have it found notebook
is a brilliant way to organize my ideas
and separate things and make them meet
and then collapse things and enclose
them to make it seem like it's not that
big deal and I'm kind of addicted to it
number for self-control it's not
something that involves using your inner
self control but something that you put
on your computer and you write all the
websites at you and a block so like
tumblr BBC News Wikipedia and then you
set an amount of time and it blocks it
set amount of time and it's great find
it a DFT BA ford / finals number five
I'm big fan of tea number six although I
don't have any with me right now but
working snacks but healthy working
snacks that won't lead to a sugar rides
and then it sugar crash for example in
one setting of writing my dissertation
yesterday I aid one cucumber one green
bell pepper 1 red bell pepper about 20
grapes I think that was it but you get
hungry when you work and it's better to
have skin will hydrate you and keep
going then to you know eat doughnuts
because lens not over yet and you can't
have chocolate yet vegetables but yeah
there won't be many videos here but I
will see you guys on the other side
