I landed in the Netherlands for VidCon
and sit down with little agenda other
than the five page long waiting area in
my hands and the promise of seeing
friends walking around Amsterdam or
taking the canal boats as we did from
time to time makes me feel like I'm
walking around Google Maps more than any
other city but perhaps that's because
I've looked at the digital version of
it's nested canals so often the three
main canals were created in the 17th
century in part of the response to
immigration they created more
residential areas and also tears of
prestige the layout of the city makes
sense to me far more than the grid of
the city formerly known as New Amsterdam
perhaps but if it's a kind of planned
piecemeal or because it sports cars or
maybe because it all points to the sea
and so do I as I said on the convention
centre or along the canals or in bars or
in a park or in the museums with new
friends and old and Friends in between
the two I see our own experiences and
encounters as nested contained and
carried within the other capacity from
war to be contained more to be carried
passageways between us all no better
indicator of this to me is mere time
walking to a bench to her chest and a
bench last time I was in Amsterdam a
quiet crew of people in the rain
occasionally interrupted by paparazzi
and water taxis now it holds physical
marks of what it means to people and
ever the optimist I wonder how many of
the relationships on it have ended or
maybe they've just been brought into the
nested canals of our experiences
what's it worth
you know you can feel
oh yeah everyone pees not like a bit
I'll sit over there I'll never be 25 in
us then taking one with my friends again
I never again be 25 in Amsterdam jumping
around a convention center loving every
minute of it and they can see it
releasing good company and good work but
it becomes part of the city of my life
busy in quiet ups and downs and
exhaustion and invigoration and so very
fortunate to have such a wonderful
collection of residents and visitors and
history
