hey guys so it's been ages since I saw
you last it actually does feel like it's
been a really long time I'm used to
getting up in the morning and checking
the challenges or checking member second
the midnight click 'add Dixon but now
the new years revolution is over I mean
let's be honest there's nothing to live
for I haven't really done that much in
the past 48 hours I really capture the
castle I also rarely bought in turn by
Antonio forest it's definitely a kids
book 70 something that you'd read if you
i don't know like an eight-year-old girl
or something but it's absolutely
brilliant and it's one of those stories
about a garland boarding school I'd
never read anything by had before and I
I really wish I discovered these books
when I was younger brilliantly written
really exciting girls at school stories
and a lot of the stuff even though I
didn't go to boarding school or even a
private school a lot the stuff was
really familiar familiarity of girls in
school I think and I capture the castle
as you know more wonderful each time I
read it so yeah that was a delight and I
went to see shame with my friend Georgia
with whom I go and see you probably most
the films i see at university partly
because i enjoy her company and don't
get to see her as much anymore but also
partly because we have some of the only
people who heap scorn on you if you
don't order popcorn I feel like there's
a horrible trend going on at the moment
where people bring in a raw carrots and
cucumber with hummus to the cinema I
love her miss and I love real cucumber
and all of that stuff that the cinema
you have to have popcorn at least some
sort of unhealthy equivalent and even
though the popcorn ends up costing like
double the price of my ticket I still
you know I couldn't do without it it is
integral Georgia understand 'this so
this is why gated cinema together anyway
so we saw Shane which was a Steve
McQueen film starring Michael Fassbender
and my love Carey Mulligan every time
they release photos from the great
gatsby film by the way I'm just I get so
excited she's the perfect daisy
buchanan's she's a daisy buchanan from
my mind just much shames quite intense
it has a beautiful soundtrack generally
not unlike hard to film and not want to
go see with your parents the way it shot
there something strangely claustrophobic
about it so it's always in kind of these
glass flats in New York or these glass
offices or you know the subway ways in
enclosed grass spaces almost like
screens against which to perform so
there's lots of screens as a cinema
screen and there's these glass screens
and as yet all the stuff all of these
things were having it once when I was
thinking was it really beautifully made
film and as I say the school just added
so much because so much of the film was
silent and so the score just brings in a
whole new level of tension and a whole
new level of everything in the way I
suppose that all schools do but this
just did it so well but I didn't want to
talk too much about the film's the
cinema going experience georgia and i
were amongst the first anderson
you know there were like five or six
other people but it became more and more
obvious that this was a film that a lot
of sixty plus your old men were going to
see by themselves and they SAT by
themselves around the edges of the
cinema there were also four or five
different elderly couples just going to
see it together and I didn't know
whether this is just like crazy West
Country couples or something but this
just doesn't seem to me like a granny
and Grandpa sort of folk I was honestly
really surprised that none of the old
ladies walked out so yeah there's lots
of kind of creepy guy sitting by
themselves more than you'd expect a
nerve in a daze screening and because it
was in the middle of day it was like
through or something they were even
fewer students than they normally would
have been so we were even more aware of
it and they just scared us and I
wondered how much that was unfair and
ages but I can't really change the fact
that it really creeped me out one thing
I was quite entertained by there were
also two guys who were listening with
audio described headphones every now and
then when it was a quieter scenes when
you could just really hear the school
you could hit a little kind of fuzzy
bits coming from their headphones and
occasionally I found myself wondering
how exactly are they describing the
scene like how what what they doing but
yeah I thought was really good it's
definitely one of those artsy films if
you don't like this sort of film then
stay far far away they feel like under
18 stay far far away it's kind of it
with my life I'll leave it there for now
i'll try to make a video every other day
although i'm not gonna promise anything
but it'll be like a rosy anima two days
it won't be a community channel two days
I checked Natalie trans youtube channel
like a daily basis I'm like why you said
two days then I cry I really should be
used to it by now bye guys
