hello everyone so I am in the park I got
back from Seattle this morning I was
there for Cristina and Joe's wedding and
it's just such a beautiful morning here
today I'm actually taking part in the
dear Martin blogger tour dear Martin is
a young adult book that has been out in
the u.s. for a little while but it's
only just coming out in the UK I haven't
really read much wide this year to be
honest I've been reading mostly like
general fiction and nonfiction when I've
had a chance to read I said when I began
to Martin I really felt like I've kind
of fell into the story the voice is
really strong throughout and it has this
wonderful format of kind of almost mixed
media so it has dialogue that's written
as prose and then dialogue that's kind
of broken down almost into like play
directions at points it has the letters
that justice the protagonist writes to
dr. Martin Luther King jr. which are
written actually they're like stylized
in a different font they've been done
the right page it has like newspaper
articles and transcripts of news to new
shows I've always been really taken by
those kind of mix formats I think I
mentioned in my previous video about the
Guernsey literary and potato peel pie
Society how much I loved the Jolly
postman books growing up where you get
the letters between fairy tales and so
on I think in the context of dear Martin
it works particularly well because
there's this play with play play sounds
like light-hearted obviously it is
extremely serious but with these
concepts of the good black boy in the
bad black boy and that this thing that
we kind of see in our press over and
over again that implies or outright says
that if black boys were just like
well-behaved then they wouldn't have
been shot which incidentally says black
boys who fall into this category of like
thug or whatever other races
categorizing goes into play there but
also all the prejudices that are
associated along the way then it's kind
of like they're saying they deserved it
or like they should have known better
justice is a very good student he's at a
really good school he's on track to go
to an Ivy League school
he has a good relationship with teachers
he loves his mom like he has all of
these things he has close friendships
and Manny - one of his best friends is
the son of a vice president and is like
the star of the basketball team and has
all these other kind of social accolades
as well and yet they still are
characterized as thugs and it's so
startling and horrifying but also real
to see how quickly their stories are
twisted away from them and how quickly
they are recreated into these roles of
like the aggressive black man so with
these different formats you see how
personal dialogue in conversation with
your friends this characterization
happens and these assumptions are thrown
around and then also how the media is
portraying it like news media print
media and then through justices letters
to dr. King which happen over a period
of time and they're not always like
every single day he writes a letter they
kind of they're divided up into these
key moments throughout the story you see
how he is putting it all in the context
of the broader posing of a system in the
US but also how he is struggling with so
much of it and how exhausting it is and
how impossible so much of it feels or
you know can what was said then really
apply in contemporary society in
contemporary America especially when
it's a young black boy trying to live
out you really feel throughout the story
so that all of this violence against
black people black bodies is so close to
the characters and multiple senses of
that word for one every single situation
every encounter with police authority or
really people more broadly but
especially with the police feels very
close to going horrendously wrong it
feels like it could tip over and then
it's close in the sense that it's people
being killed and attacked in the
immediate neighborhood or friends of
friends and cousins of cousins this is a
real person this isn't
a name I wrote another late that's
really long so I'm just going to read
out and I said the intentionality of
writing to someone and indicates of
writing to dr. King I've kept a diary
and I kind of keep myself in mind when I
write I feel like I'm writing to my
future self reading back which I do a
lot I also periodically write letters I
wrote send and many I do send quite a
good letter writer these days but there
is something to practice and
incorporating something as a practice in
your life practice is a word I have the
most in my life regarding like
practicing piano art practice and yoga
practice for example I don't hear it as
much and related to writing specifically
and activism maybe but not as much I
think there's a real intentionality with
the word practice incorporating
someone's teachings studying and
thinking about them critically and not
necessarily just one person many people
methodically focusing and exploring and
finding what has changed and what hasn't
and how people connect so you disagree
and challenge each other and build each
other up if you haven't read Tim Martin
by next onea I really recommend it I
cried on the tube reading it don't
necessarily read it in public and
letting like crying on the tube if
you've read it Martin I'd love to hear
your thoughts and comments if you
haven't then talk to me about the kinds
of formats that you enjoy reading
whether that's like different types of
media within a book or straight prose or
poetry written I don't know let's talk
about books that's why I like doing all
right bye
