today's task was to take first bus and
get off the final destination and this
one seems to have left me in the
wilderness there have been a few animal
sightings so far but very very few and
far between and they don't really see
that keen to be a bridge because every
time I which wasn't they give me you
know what would be called as a funny
look of some sort so that's kind of
where we're at right now I've identified
all of the water sources such as this
one that seems to be yeah signs of other
life but I haven't really encountered it
so far so we'll be seeing you know how
this goes and I'd really like to see
some of these natural creatures of this
environment in their natural habitat I
kind of get the feeling just from the
ye'd just the isolation this is a
closely guarded environment where you
know strangers maybe are not quite so
welcome Hugh and faces not quite so
desirable etc the hostility of the
environment exemplified by these dead
flowers ground the natural flow by some
beast is what struck me most the
creatures were unfriendly or perhaps
fearful with good reason every facet of
life seemed to be agitated stressed even
observe for example the squirrel
creature at war with this tree
so teams as land has them so far got a
reputation for trickery because i was
using their their drinking devices there
are their quenching devices in order to
get myself something to drink in a sub
something native to the land and I press
the d8 coke option and it came up with
something called sprite doesn't start
diet coke the representative of society
with the trickery kind of leads down
into into the machinery really like
maybe it's just the country where it's a
man versus machine don't know during
this expedition I also had the privilege
of observing the cat yet another
struggle against the demands of the
machine to fuel itself this rarely cited
creature devoured orange fruit what
looked like some sort of book also
appeared to be a source of some great
anxiety why we can only hazard a guess
