today's try something new challenge was
to try some new food try something
different or something different a
restaurant or if you're a broke student
like me get something at the supermarket
now I'm vegetarian so that already
limits the options and I'm with students
so that kind of limited be down to about
23 pounds it was originally going to go
to the vegetarian cafes that they have a
few of around here by then I realized
that I've actually tried pretty much
everything off the menu and the things I
hadn't tried I knew what they were and
I'd had elsewhere so I knew what they
tasted like so that's no fun at all my
last option was the international food
market because that's kind of a place
where you get slightly less conventional
staff and the supermarket's normally a
bit crap for vegetarian stuff to be
honest so ended up in the Greek section
and with a lot of the Greek stuffed food
I have had Greek food before they have
had stuffed food before in Mexico we
stuff lots of peppers and I've had
stuffed vine leaves which I like a lot
but then I thought I'd pick a stuffed
vegetable where I don't really
traditionally enjoy the vegetable that
much I picked stuffed zucchini I used to
really love cadets I really loved them a
lot but and my mum made great soup from
it and I used to love really eating them
the for some reason as i got older i
became very aware of the fact that
they're quite like slimy of something
about like their texture that I didn't
like I kind of stopped eating them all
but stopped eating them so this could be
fun or this could be torture either way
I'll be a little bit like I'm a
celebrity get me out of here but without
you know the animals I threw it into a
salad couldn't really know how to do it
i searched stuffed zucchini what to make
with stuffed zucchini def peppers stuff
other things we can't stop everything
with the stuffed zucchini but this is
enough stuff stuff there's one that's
broken but I'm going to start with like
a complete one which has I think it
broke that tomato pepper maybe that's
actually really good I really like that
and you aren't really taste the
courgette almost or this one has seeds
bit on it there marginally more aware of
the cord out with that one but it wasn't
terrible as you say it doesn't like
anyone near as appetizing as the vine
means but it taste taste pre damn good
let me know how you did in today's
challenge if you did it and also I want
to tell you about this book that I read
recently called Daughter of Smoke and
bone which is technically a sort of
young adult adult kind of crossover
thing is by Laini Taylor who's written
quite a few other things and it's set in
Prague mainly is the wall between the
angels and the Chimera I starts off in
just like your
which Prague art school except karu
protagonists as blue hair and tattoos
and maybe some sneaky abilities that
aren't quite human it was really
brilliant and so I want to tell you
about that trying new food is fun I
suppose I've kind of been taught the
Sassen twice and this week about trying
new foods and new sorts of things on
monday i went to Alex and Charlie's alex
is a ordered quite a little tea from a
company called T pigs I'm very sure with
my teeth I like my English breakfast my
our grammar Darjeeling my chamomile my
lemon and ginger and my peppermint and i
think that's it like I I stick pretty
strictly to that stuff he was putting
down the options me as i do and mentor
do on licorice mint licorice and mint
and i tried it and it was amazing and
then i walked for 20 minutes to this
cafe in where i am at uni where it
supposedly sells it and even though it
said on the tepees website that they
sold like bags and if they didn't just
sell it like to go out they didn't
listen we don't do that then i asked can
i just get one licorice and mint tea
bags t to go and they said we're out of
the question meant and that was my sad
story I'll get back to my zucchini now
and not irritate you anymore I don't
just cry then I stopped choir advice Oh
nom nom
