hey guys so I'm filming outside again
because that she quite nice from the
outside it's something that I wanted to
do more this month today's challenge day
number two I've tried something new the
new years revolution give something away
and i felt quite hard about what I could
give away because I haven't really got
that much stuff at the moment I've given
quite a lot away in preparation of all
the exciting moving going on I did
general I don't really own many things
apart from books and then it was hard
because my cousin staying in the room
that is my old room which is well my
book closed so I had to wait till I got
up absorbs hope laughs but eventually I
decided which books I wanted to give
away we say wanted to give away it did
take quite a lot of self persuasion for
me to part with these books and they're
not my only copies of these books either
I mean I have other copies but I'm a
lover of specific editions and I I just
like having books that reminded me of
where I was when I bought them so yeah
it took a lot persuasion but I was at
eight days until the release of this
author's brand new book I thought that
this would be quite a favorite give and
I didn't just want to give one I wanted
to give the whole collection looking for
ask is actually signed I got it signed
for someone who I never run into again
which is actually quite sad when it has
a little message and everything the
abundance of katherines i bought i think
when I was in Chicago when i met john
and hank for the first time the Paper
Towns i think i just ordered that one
when it came out and people back this
small Grayson Will Grayson it's a
company that I bought when I was in
Miami with a bunch of my friends so I'm
going to leave these probably on the
bench over of a train station somewhere
i dunno it's quite hard knowing where to
leave packaging I write a little note
which you'll probably see me doing in a
second as I get on a tube and go
somewhere else I'm quite sad about this
there is a nice little floral both so I
guess I guess it's okay so much let me
know you did feel fulfillment of this
mission or through gene the other two
challenges about saving money and
getting fit as it turns out the hardest
challenge wasn't giving books away that
i bought in favorite places it was in
fact tearing a pagent from the diary it
going that has area snoopy possess sweet
foods almost six seventy two thousand
nine right food super happen busty and
two years that kind of really changed me
quite a lot so I've been hanging on Jan
it's trying to write from teeny tiny
writing I realized I'd forgotten some
favorites so I were paid out and since
it quite appropriate that was quite
proud of doing it let's find out you
think that one thing giving away big
things we've done is going to be the
hardest part but then you realize things
come into alignment to show you anyway
that those aren't the hardest one
so I think in a challenge in them it do
something nice and giving something away
it makes you realize that those things
don't I mean my master and it matter to
me to me to me it meant something to do
something away that meant something but
and in contrast with that one that piece
of paper that you see me writing an app
for books for Clendon nothing but
they're also elephant those books mean
everything but yeah hey Allison tight
with even harder to in which is right
yeah I mean how you have an experience
with a book how do you how to share that
with someone else how did you you can
tell them what happens in it then you
can you can gain you know mere mere
words how reading it make made you feel
that you can't you can't recreate that
for them you wouldn't want to because
it's a personal thing but yeah this is a
harder challenge I thought would be
funny but it was a good challenge so
yeah good hips and I found them feel
like them and I left in it from your
vibe OH after putting out a cryptic
tweet you know that cryptic but it
sounded cryptic which is why I picked it
oh and now we go and look shown up canal
see you tomorrow
