this summer totally out of the blue and
when I was in California my dad suddenly
had a stroke and passed away 90 hours
later I got really hard about how I
could talk about this in a light-hearted
way but the truth is it really is a
really sad situation when he realized
that he was one of 150,000 people in the
UK and 15 million people worldwide who
suffered a stroke this year the
statistics don't get easier I'll bear to
suffer a stroke a third will die within
the first 10 days like my dad a bad ball
covered within a month and the last
third will be left disabled and need
rehabilitation in fact a quarter of a
million people in the UK live with a
long-term disability as a result of
stroke British charity the Stroke
Association fun to researchers district
prevention treatment rehabilitation
stroke support and service provision as
well as doing other great things like
campaigning against changes to benefit
that will have a serious effect on
straight survivors and on those who care
for them additionally the Stroke
Association is a very useful internet
resource for information about the
various kinds of stroke the clear and
informative fact sheets were invaluable
when I was thousands of miles away from
everything going on at home this summer
I would guess that we all know how
difficult it can be to find reliable
medical information on the internet for
this year's project for awesome I went
to raise one thousand pounds fourth
Stroke Association but I will need your
help donations towards this effort of
any size whatever you can afford to give
will be massively appreciated you can
donate securely through justgiving using
these just giving page just giving dong
Kong /r Oceania
the sixties blue left a few now there
are known
