hello everyone I hope you're doing well
recently I've seen a lot of videos and
blog posts about dealing with
procrastination getting things done
during this time of year and because
it's kind of got you got nanowrimo
you've got finals you've got exams
you've got SAS you've got all sorts of
things to hand and lots and lots of
deadlines I thought I'd give you my five
top tips in regard to procrastination
number one there's extremely important
for you to remember that if you're
talking with a friend on skype or in
some kind of instant messenger
conversation even if you're texting your
friend I mean that's not procrastinating
that is just investing in your
friendship you are going to kick
yourself ten years down the line if that
friend who you chose not to talk to you
because you wanted to concentrate on
your essay if that fan becomes super
rich and is giving all of his friends or
her friends lots of money and not giving
you money because you didn't watch them
on skype because you put work was more
important you know networking is
important those are the skills that we
should be valuing today so yeah skype
thumbs up to there's often this idea
that watching the film version is a
cheating easy way out when you're
supposed to be writing about the book
but i would say that watching the film
version is not a way of getting around
the but even if you did it before after
your reading of a book but of expanding
the breadth of research that you are
making into the ways in which the text
that you're supposed to be studying has
been interpreted to be or not to be
watching interviews with the actors that
starred in this film that also has
tremendous academic value that helps you
get an idea of what they look at when
they look at the script when they
consider their characters how they
basically interpret the text themselves
and what it is they take from the text
and what assumptions they make about the
text oftentimes they also make extremely
useful comments about working with the
director with their extremely attractive
fellow actors and actresses this is a
wonderful insight into the communal
approach to one text one body of work to
see which Inc films to get a feel for
the time so for example if you were
doing an SEO and Julius Caesar you could
have a look at films like Elizabeth the
first Shakespeare in Love that all falls
under a contextualization the kind of
context based approach to the text it's
also worth noting that anything would
keep launched at Helen Mirren Judi Dench
refines Colin Firth to some degree is
automatically an academic felt well
respected hyper degree genius number 31
approach I really like to take is using
tumblr as a really valuable research
resource let's say I wanted to look at
fate in Julius Caesar if I type
werd fated to tumblr I would imagine
that it would immediately generate
image-heavy interpretations of a text
not only is this a great research
results because who needs references
anyway it's also a really great way of
investigating the extent to which we
prioritize images and site in the vigil
economies within which we operate I
actually make those probably take no
more than two years the university's to
wake up to this and it's at that point
that we can expect tumblr to be listed
under project news and JSTOR number four
now one thing I've really noticed
there's a huge pattern of this a lot
people say that you have to turn off
your internet or use one of those
program blocking applications when you
want to get down and do some work I
would say that's not a very good
approach because if you turn a foot
internet you won't be able to access
Spotify unless you pay quite a lot of
money if you can't get on Spotify then
you can't access your motivational work
playlist and if you can't do that you
won't be able to get anything done
turning off the internet is actually
very damaging to your personal work
effort and to your contribution to the
Academy as a whole finally number five
with my really with vision of your essay
for another half an hour where you walk
to the curb or supermarket is a really
great way to give yourself an incentive
to reach your word count great way to
stretch your legs for a bit and also you
can't get to work on an empty stomach
and you also can't get to work and
you've got foggy cabin fevered brain
looking at pictures of pygmy hedgehogs
also important don't really know why but
I feel like it's important to the work
effort so hope these approaches to
tackling procrastination have been
helpful please do let me know if you
have any further ideas in the comments
and I wish you all the best of luck as
you approach the end of tumblr and wait
now I wish you all the best of luck as
you approach the end of NaNoWriMo and
exam and Association is that right at
that time bonus tips west wing always
has some kind of useful information
about something that you'll probably
learn about in the future so you might
as well just watch all seven series
