I'm going to rub upside down today and
talk about the clip actually I feel kind
of sick so I'm not going to do this
genuinely nearly bombed live on camera
by the way guys that was that gonna be
really great this is a video response to
maybe Molly's video about the club Molly
started making videos again so in
Molly's recent video she talked about
her experience of going to the club at
the age of 17 and 18 in all the width
ECG there my experience was very similar
but also at the same time a little bit
different and while she may think that
talk of the clubbers talk of debauchery
hedonism and all his other bad things
actually very current and important
because I my read of the music of the
day the parent companies the club that I
used to go to Oceana is going into
administration Oceana was a special
place that I went to probably starting
age of 16 I think I was one of the
youngest of my year but 16 kind of was
the age that people started find ways of
going to clubs and things I didn't go
that often I any went once in a while
because I was a nerd funniest thing
about yo Shauna is that every time you
go there's this ridiculous queue of at
least I don't know 100 people nowadays
when I go out if we go up to the club
that I'm planning to go to you and
there's a queue of more than 20 people
and it's going to be more than like a
ten-minute wait there are either go
somewhere else or go home however
Oceania held such promise in such a
newer that for some reason we would stay
outside for like an hour or two hours
even waiting to get into this place that
freedom awesome that great inside ok so
it was really fun to go up to the bar
and order your VK apple and then when
you got older more dangerous you to get
you or something in Coke and yes it was
really great to be in a room with a huge
group of girls and just be dancing
around just cheesy music Nokia market
oceano there's a lot about it that I
find really really creepy so for example
the room in which we were dance to
cheesy music was like the cheese room
had one is tiled floors were all the
tiles of different colors of light and
they would flatten it was just amazing
and it was a square dance floor and had
like a railing around it everywhere you
could patch on the side with your drinks
but not only where there's some shifty
day figures normally probably university
students you were like wanted to creep
on some 16 year olds hovering on the
dancer itself the weirdest thing was
there would be the dance floor and then
there's a huge high high ceiling up here
but before you got to the ceiling there
was another floor and in the floor there
was like a whole sea people could stand
around all the ratings up at the top and
look down on the dance floor from up
there so on any given night you'd be
like dancing two steps or whatever and
if for a moment you chance in the cup
there would be these for old men looking
down at you and on a couple of occasions
I
god they could not have been any younger
the 60 it was such a weird setup for
that was even able to happen really one
of the really good things from my
perspective was also the fact that they
would always pick out big groups of
girls and take them to the front so that
I'm the end you would only end up with
this huge queue full of guys kind of
desperate to get in this isn't
exclusively no Shana thing exclusively a
British thing you see it happening
everywhere being fast-tracked wasn't
free you'd have to pay an extra couple
of pounds on top of the original cover
was like four pounds or whatever so
we're just ridiculous everything about
it was ridiculous and you would often be
able to get vouchers or codes or
something online that would mean free
entry but you'd never get to the front
of the queue in time to use that free
entry unless you got there ridiculously
early despite that despite the 40 old
man the two-hour long queues the really
ridiculously sugary overpriced drinks
despite the genuinely horrific amount of
unsolicited groping that goes on in that
place despite on more than one occasion
wiping out on a very slippery floor of
foam party night at Oceana despite the
foreboding metal detectors head fight at
the clue the real reason why I had to
stop going was not any of these things
it was mainly because the club just
couldn't handle me mm-hmm did it that's
not a club song that's Mary why I'm
ridiculously excited about how long my
hair is right now
