last week I became one of those iphone
owners who immediately picks up all of
the most annoying traits that come along
with owning an iphone this is the first
smartphone I've ever had before that I
had a nokia 3100 for eight years and
then it's a slightly flip phone for like
a year and hearts also my first favor
the contracts and very excited about it
it's not forex it's just I could pour sa
stuff and I hear myself saying it and I
know that it's really annoying and it's
one of those things that I really hate
and I can tell you to set all the time
hey guys before you start eating your
food I really want to take a picture of
it on hipstamatic so just wait one sec
cuz I just pitched my food I'll take a
picture of the easy a DVD in my computer
so I cannot load it on tumblr I take a
picture of a particular shade of
lipstick that I like and of course if
there's a song playing at the club that
we're out at I mean even when i'm on a
night out and people can't walk out with
the signs i'll be the first one to be
like hey I'll just Shazam it I actually
report myself and the first person to
like Wikipedia something when people
don't know the meaning of something I've
now suddenly become really active on
Goodreads again mainly because you can
scan the barcodes of the book that
you're currently reading it makes it so
much easier to find it I mean but so
much easier it saves about five seconds
of my precious precious time I can also
tell you what's going to be on TV I can
go on tumblr unlike my three different
tumblr apps I can pay the bill at boots
or express its mark of our friendship
YouTube that I've been telling you this
but when I what I was opening my iphone
I even filmed a video to the chariots of
fire theme tune can't show you the whole
thing because obviously the music is
copyrighted but here is that it will
accept that
my iphone is called athelia which is
quite tragic but this is a lady iPhone I
can't stop myself and recording things
all the time the voice memos I'm just
doing everything with it I just love it
I'm just so happy not to have to top up
my friend if you're in funny emotional
states and you just need to call someone
and you can't call someone because you
have any bloody credit on your phone so
it's been quite nice to be on contract
so people are being quite patient with
me for now but I half expect one of my
friends to turn around and say do you
want me to stab you in the face because
there's an app for that at to iPhone
if it weren't 140 in the morning i would
call someone up and do that thing that
iphone users always do talk to someone
on the iphone when they're filming a
video and they have conversations with
them I've never seen anyone with any
phone other than an iphone do that but
it's clearly not exclusively a knife a
thing I don't know I don't get it
