to make a warm halloumi salad first
bring one pan of water to the boil 2
cups of water one cup of quinoa per
person add a drop of olive oil and then
cut up some garlic and throw that in as
well
I would look Whitney if it's my big
night and let you know but it was so
funny what's what I don't know when I
started when I was like 16 or whatever
people who watched it and were people
who made video so we're only being
watched by like people who did it
themselves you know I remember in first
year everyone found out about my videos
the be out every day and people would
come up and be like you're a blogger
from Burke some other stuff and every
like oh my god I wish I was so
embarrassed no because it was like they
were nice about it at the same time it's
just like it's not something that you
really you know tell people about to be
honest yeah just like something that
people aren't really familiar with the
Wizards I wait about the towels stories
and make little poems
you can buy cucumbers and half keep them
apportions no reason why i'm doing this
video is because people always say how
can you do that on the student budget
and the thing is when you don't eat meat
you save yourself so much money that
money goes on like vegetables fruit and
things like that I normally don't spend
more than 10 pounds a week it's been
about a tenner on grains and rice and
quinoa and couscous bulgur wheat all of
that and that's still last and we have
shaved my cupboard in embeds and it's
still lasting me all this time the
halloumi have turned off now it's all
grilled nicely it will look like it's
all that it's just a bit golden and very
white on the inside but that's okay
because that's how a movie works we're
chopping outside cucumber here now but
you ain't reading it you could do it
pepper do it with anything sorry
he marketed it when it just like stick
but nobody's quite clear but sticking
you can tell that that is when it
normally would have soaked up most of
the water all in the water and the water
will go clear it normally takes 15
minutes in it you see that we've got
some parts of the liquid apps forage
quinoa bulgur wheat couscous black
turtle beans which I have done the thing
with yet beautiful Brides know because
rice puffs ever balsamic vinegar sweet
chilli sauce soy sauce garlic chocolate
tea Zinfandel wine is my favorites from
my expenses so lovely a little bit of
gin leftover and an empty bottle of
tonic and I've got a little Covent
Garden soup I've got some olive oil and
I've got some watercress and spinach say
what I'm going to do something takes off
the heat and then I use the remaining
heat of the saucepan take a several
proper strainer as you wish pour a bit
if you keep the hot water in basically
you will just be drinking hot water will
be bad I get a handful of
rocket water crescent spinach you can
literally do this with any of those just
spinach just watercress just rocket then
we add in our quinoa Okinawa or how have
you prefer to pronounce it goes on top
adding another layer of green colors
already good guidance with food if your
food looks colorful and it's probably
quite good for you and I didn't mean to
kind of fool in the way of like a
slushie or slush puppy whatever I don't
wanna go bits of halloumi it's great
like this back of halloumi cost me three
pounds you know I've got a line and you
take a lime and you squirt it especially
of the quinoa because it just gives it
that extra kick of flavor and being
Mexican I even never without my life
there we go easy as pie or racemic warm
halloumi and quinoa salad do let me know
if you've tried to make it yourself if
you've had any issues with it if you
liked it if you want to fix it if you
have a better recipe yourself video
responses let me know in comments I
really genuinely want to know student
coking doesn't just have to be about
pasta and spending the shippers money
with me cuz there's a lot more to it
than that right
