normally I have six hours of pluses a
week that's because my course is mainly
research based in a way also because i
have to write dissertation this year
this morning there's an extra hour at
nine a.m. on a monday and i really like
morning lectures because it means you
get them out the way and you can kind of
think about them for rest of the day
rather than kind of pooling around until
your 4pm lecture whatever anyway my
lecture this morning was one about being
employable getting a career and a job
and a life and all that and what makes
things worse other than a job sector at
you know my name the morning of monday
was that she opened it by saying most of
you and at the end seconds going it
faster the pipe things were very aware
of a timetable you know you will have
really set things in motion now you is
kind of doing the last stages i mean
none of you will have really left it
this late to start thinking about what
it is you probably want to do after she
said that there were about five seconds
of tangible silence in the room after
which everyone started whispering worthy
to one another wait what have you you
know what you want to do like what but I
think I sort of know what I want to do
yeah sure there were people in that room
who had a really solid knowledge about
what they wanted to do with that future
and precisely and had like a career path
and like we're trying to convert to lure
or something like that most of us were
sitting in her chair thinking actually
you know I do know that i really want to
write books and that's what I've been
doing and trying to be working tools but
some days I wake up and I can't think
about a thing and I things mush right
now because I can't think in full
sentences i think sometimes or maybe
this is another thing that i should be
doing maybe i should be doing other
things that i really enjoyed in you too
but i really enjoy doing social media
and i really want to help people in some
way and I saw these things at once I
think that's what everyone was thinking
not just someone in particular but
everyone did have a bit panicked I just
don't understand where she would open
Alexis saying that I just I found it
very distressing so I was really really
really anxious after that I did what any
good woman should do when she's in
crisis I went to the supermarket and
bought the shopping for that week some
amazing person started this tumblr which
involves pictures of Ryan Gosling
blessings alderman is the sexiest thing
I've ever seen in my life and really
enjoy it i also want to speak briefly
about steve jobs because i know that
there's been lots of the marshes to him
over the last week he is important to my
life the only computers I've ever used
apart from its school in University and
at work on macs that thanks to my dad he
was a huge fan of apple mac I was so
frustrated that i had to pay 10 pounds
more for the sims which meant another
like only 30 weeks of saving up pocket
money because it was so much more
expensive so much more expensive oh no
mac then on a pc by deborah up
avid matic fans and now my mom uses an
iPad so when the family computer finally
gave out after like seven or eight years
or something dad bought her an iPad and
she just it does everything that she
need my sister text me the morning that
Steve Jobs died saying it was kind of
act that he died in saying years our dad
does a big part of me and it's glad that
my dad did seemed accessing my dad we've
been really really really sad about it
thank you saw Steve Jobs work for
inspiration for the work that he did he
did a lot of work on computers and make
projects and ideas and management things
like that so I think he found she'd
probably a very inspirational person and
I have to say that I did as well was
fundamentally important for things that
I do and if things that we do an issue
but I did want to mention it because
that's what I like to do I definitely
must stop procrastinating and get back
to work which include Sweeting the road
which I've never done before by Cormac
McCarthy the road in your pants
