I'm emptying my Britney books because
you know some days you've just got to do
that and I just and this letter that I
wrote to her but never sent clearly this
was a project that I've started a long
time before my letters I'll never send
poor dice I just have to read it out to
you it's honest Winnie the Pooh paper
and it's three pages long hey Brittany I
can't stop myself saying that I'm your
number one fan because it's the absolute
truth and our moms always told us not to
lie didn't they I love and appreciate
everything you do my bedroom has a
poster wall and it's chock a block of
you and I have two purses up kittens but
they didn't really count right I wish I
could have seen you live backstage pass
on all on top of the pops when you came
to England recently or it would have
been great to have a pass to sm TV live
in CD UK when you went on those shows ah
i just looked back on what I've written
and I realized that I haven't even
introduced myself boy that's weird
someone was trying really hard to be
American my name is Rosie Anna and I'll
be 11 on august 15 that reminds me happy
very belated 20th birthday I wrote this
when she was my age it's ridiculous
you're about the same age as my biggest
sister I probably won't be able to see
her when it's her birthday though she's
way out in aussie land and she's going
to stay here with her boyfriend for ages
my other sister is 17 and she's learning
how to drive cringe the other day she
almost reversed into a Jag Europe that's
when my dad said she should have
professional driving lessons dad had a
point didn't leave anyway i just adore
well do you how much do I sound like a
stalker he was so multi-talented I can't
even express how big a fan of you I am
in our school they held the talent
contest and i entered it singing and
dancing tips i did it again and i won i
want a fire fan music voucher I really
want to read a mother's gift it sounds
like such good novel it hasn't hit the
book shops here yet so I hear that
you're going to come to England again
soon doing a whole world tour or
something I ever can persuade my parents
to split half and half with VIP
backstage passes if not I can just comb
my savings account I wish I could have a
cardboard cutout of you that would be so
so cool Please Please Please Please
Please Please Please Please Please in
every single different color of gel pen
ever existing can I have your autograph
a real written one not one that is just
printed off thank you catch you later
your biggest fan in the universe
rosianna how cool am I bitch I hate
myself I kept everything ever written
about her and they always people to give
the stuff to me
and I made beautiful graphics like this
this is from the time I went to see her
live eventually can we go die now
