hello everyone hope you're doing well
it's a horrible rainy day in London for
like the third day in a row but you know
that won't stop me from talking about
books I'm reading quite a lot at the
moment but the ones I want to talk about
with three particular titles the first
one being the collected stories of video
Davis which I did mention in an earlier
video I love the way Lydia Davis right
but I think they like working your way
through a big collection like this means
in a way you get too much apart dip in
and out of it I feel like she's trying
bit too hard and some of her collections
and I think how words are much more
valuable if Yuri destroy a little bit at
a time she is a terrific writer and I
think she's quite underrated so if
you're looking for something new
especially short stories and especially
female authors and especially anything
then go for the collected stories of
Lydia Davis next I want to talk about
book they haven't actually finished yet
but that kind of irked me in a way and
I'm also enjoying weirdly I didn't think
I would it was one of those books I kind
of pulled off the shelf because the
cover looks silly the title next earlier
I thought was going to be supremely
trashy and terribly written ten things
we did and probably shouldn't have by
Sarah malinao ski I think is how you say
premise as many a 16 year old stream
having a beach house to herself and
being able to hang out there for a year
without parents without supervision with
your boyfriend around with your friends
around like great fun I say this like 60
pages from the end the things I've done
so far pretty tame I think there are
lots of books are being pushed as kind
of risque and daring when really they're
not and they're kind of not doing as
much as they could do we'll see the
characters in them like our rebellious
huge air quotes and come on anything 10
things they shouldn't have done they had
a beach house to themselves for a year
30-6 think they did that they publish
and have if not quite so catchy title
but I would read that book otherwise
it's a fun pretty well written book so
you know check it out but I'm kind of
like annoyed by a lot of teen fiction at
the moment I think mainly it's the girls
and teen fiction that just suddenly have
just really got on my nerves I don't
find most of them interesting I find
them really shallow and I got a comment
on my blog saying well why do you just
like move away from teen fiction in
general no because there is gucci and
fiction out there there are some really
great books and there have been really
great books and I don't understand why
we're going through this phase went
pretty much every book I pick up is this
really shallow female protagonist
narrator figure and every page of book
is about like some really boring romance
like it's not even like an interesting
relationship it's like it's just
repetitive I feel like it should be a
lot better
this'll like suppose in a roundabout way
brings me to my last book and I know
that there's gonna be people out there
who like give some bias you're only
talking about this because she's a
secret sibling no it's a really good
book the name of the star by maureen
johnson i haven't read every single one
of Maureen's books I've read most of
them this book is a completely different
kind of book from the other ones that
she's been writing about an American
girl called Rory who comes to a British
boarding school and all of the sudden
these murders start to happen that
exactly imitate the famous Jack the
Ripper murders when they go back and
look at the CCTV footage something is
afoot that's all I will say the great
thing about Rory the main characters
actually pretty self-assured is not like
arrogant or annoying it's really nice
and entertaining to see her picking up
on the kind of peculiarities of
secondary school life in Britain you've
been just little things like confusion
at the UK timetable you get with this
ridiculous jumble of different subjects
every day in double periods and half
periods and things like that I think
Lauren's really taking care to recreate
the secondary school experience but not
the time when you read boarding school
books there can be little bit a lien a
ting like they can be really curious and
really interesting and exciting and you
really want to go then you wonder why
your parents didn't send you to boarding
school but they are quite a unique
experience but I think that having the
boarding school in London necessarily so
that she's around the area of
Whitechapel with the Jack the Ripper
murders I think that makes a boarding
school work I think it makes the whole
world more accessible I hate the word
accessible I found the plot to be really
clever and interesting it played the
ideas of CCTV and celebrity against one
another in many ways it really explores
the kind of kinetic London in the sense
that we feel like someone is watching us
at all times to what extent do we rely
on what we can see in front of us the
kind of visual bias that we place upon
everything another thing I thought was
really well executed was the way in
which that people kind of really seem to
grasp onto these kind of spectacles of
murders and things like that and people
get really obsessed with them the
murders become the sensational event and
everyone flocks to see them the river
mania orbit all like people making
t-shirts and mugs and things like that
of this really gross horrible event it's
not like it's a book that's like trying
too hard to play with those ideas are
explored really well within the story
and because they learn to the story it's
out in the UK on the twenty-ninth of sep
tember 2011 as it's been published in
the UK and the US are like you can order
it really easily through your local
independent bookstore and I will take no
excuses next video at some point in the
future
