so we just tied up mamas car and you
can't see the extent of it this is
Hannah Lizzie his cargo well there I've
tried my best to show you some of the
exciting faraway places to which I've
traveled during my time here in the US
such as Pittsburgh Chicago Boston and so
on I haven't really shown you much of my
immediate surroundings in Poughkeepsie
New York shortly before the end of the
academic year my friend Hannah drove us
to two of our favorite food places soul
dog and Molly Molly and I thought I'd
take you along so that you can see a
little bit more of Poughkeepsie with me
Poughkeepsie is about two hours by train
up the Hudson River from New York City
it's gorgeous especially on a sunny day
but also an autumn and winter when it's
covered in snow and right here the
Poughkeepsie train station is where I
would come in after weekends at the city
if you look on the right as you turn out
away from the train station you can see
the Hudson hooray right next to the
train station or pretty close there
abouts and soul dog cafe dr. Brown's
black cherry fizzy drink is my favorite
I like veggie night service we ordered
our respective veggie and non veggie
dogs with spicy peanut sauce which is a
soul dog specialty and two must try for
any newcomers driving back to campus we
spotted this lovely billboard that
reminds us that judgement day was
approaching accept the judgment day was
apparently about four or five days late
I also spotted this womp womp that's the
vasa term for a groundhog they're
extremely cute fluffy animals slightly
scary at night and a bit weird when he
first approached them this one was
incredibly tape fast-forwarding past the
womp womp and past this extremely
beautiful cloud to a slightly cloudier
and less beautiful day we went to Molly
Molly the local mexican place where
everything is very very tasty tasty
pizza mono mono
which from the outside as you can see
looks entirely Torres also leaving in
the movie you should buy it on your way
I think it's a good idea inside the
decorations range from sombreros and
Lucha Libre mask the mask sworn in
Mexican wrestling two cards used in the
game of la tarea a kind of mexican bingo
which is illustrated and beautiful and
questioned it brings back lots of
memories of childhood struggle hard
tacos I probably didn't see as much as I
should have outside of the bubble of
vassar college but honestly when your
library looks like this why would you
ever lead apart from eating at all our
favorite food places the remainder the
last few days at Vassar College was
spent taking down walls of pictures and
quotations finding broken mirrors
everywhere is everyone tried to move
that in a hurry and of course at parties
spelling out my name is Scrabble what
are you doing tomorrow why why
nothing
