de youtube feel lucky this is the only
letter L April Feeny and conveniently
it's the one addressed to you how about
that don't worry this isn't an open
letter actually as opposed in one sense
it is by virtue of me reading it to you
it's open having been closed and then
prior to that neat new blank and at
present my present writing this not
yours being screwed over by a 19 year
old with plenty on the mind anyway I
shall stop rambling and tell you a short
anecdote earlier this year a sister of
mine bought me and a darling friend
called Molly tickets to a one-man stand
up show titled the interminable suicide
of Gregory Church written and performed
by comedian daniel kitson Molly and I
saw the sold-out monologist performance
of Sant Anne's warehouse a hidden away
but fabulous space in dumbo brooklyn
back in january the shame was absolutely
incredible the story of the man who
seemingly spent 20 years of his life
writing suicide letters found dead in a
house which later was shown to join york
its environment state agent hips and
went to the attic and found any piles
and piles of letters one of them halfway
out of typewriter from there he pieced
together the last 20 years of Gregory
church's life now I know much of the
story Daniel told this fiction but his
an thing gets me thinking it's fiction
and I can't help thinking how our
relationships with each other a
different to those relationships form
through the writing of letters email
phone call collaborative video blog in
our physical distance from each other
these are in some ways the lessons to
each other and I think media is
collapsing into itself even more than
ever before so that books we'd like
photographs and videos can feel like 500
page novels in the good way I couldn't
stop thinking about letters and then
also January I had a great conversation
with a very wonderful Lauren Fairweather
about the function of a diary the BBC
drama single for other starring David
Tennant addresses many of the same topic
some diaries are written to be read
whilst others take
every precaution to forever reveal their
meanings to the scribe alone the gyres
I've kept the regularly since I was at
least seven if not younger fall into the
latter category well they're just some
extent I no longer have just won diary I
have the book the vlog the blog changes
often the private and private of blog
the tumblr the Twitter the facebook
which I don't add anyone on by the way
in which largely functions as a
collaborative photo diary with my
friends and my scrapbooks but the letter
I couldn't stop thinking about the
letter how does what we say to people
change when written are our previously
formed thoughts expressed more
coherently for our new thoughts created
in the bio religious process of letter
writing if I could only communicate with
everyone by letter for a year how would
that change their perception of me would
a perception be formed in the same way
as that of the YouTube viewer recipient
of a stream of thoughts on our topic
sometimes edited sometimes not or would
it be quite different more honest less
honest adding to that long list of
Diaries I mentioned just now I decided
to take up a one-way writing projects
one with no official name but floating
between letters you'll never read and
unsent letters and return to sender and
dear blank and all of that in many ways
it's a diary it's organized by date and
numbered and cross-referenced you just
discover it's in a different way I found
it quite helpful healthy honest i right
to friends family celebrities Dead or
Alive authors politicians directing
these thoughts at an audience serve them
together somehow and I suppose that
lends some explanation for my continued
of residency at YouTube what's nice is
that as my whole diary isn't just good
at the same person real Dead Alive
fictional I change my tone changes my
reference has changed my language
changes I don't know how long I'll keep
these envelope sealed from myself I mean
you and get to read them sorry even if
they have your name on it maybe it will
be better to tear them to shreds to
recycle them I don't love you back I'm
far too for that sentimental masochistic
nostalgic terrified forward-looking nuts
it's been fun I'll keep going you should
to sign and seal them don't deliver them
they are for you spoken to someone else
where diaries can feel like you're
speaking into a mirror who just won't
respond with anything but mark eNOS this
provides remarkable clarity at least me
best wishes
gonna miss expertise
