hi guys so today we're going to talk
about the big news story about Osama bin
Laden firstly like I'm not gonna talk
about it for long because I acknowledge
that it is your reaction to it is so
personal and contingent on so many
things that it is incorrect that anyone
to be making Miley's huge blanket
statements about how you should be
feeling right now but in that sense I
just wanted to kind of record my
personal reaction to being in America
and being a visitor here because it's I
think a very different experience from
anything else and it's probably going to
be a key part of my study abroad in the
it just is interesting to feel in
relation to a place and not in relation
to a place in those kind of occasions
where you feel like the exception and
when you feel like a member of the
community aspect as opposed I was kind
of mentioning in an earlier video and
certainly one of the reasons I'm going
to be brief about it is that whenever I
talk about politics or anything vaguely
related to politics this isn't gonna be
really political but I'm guessing that
this isn't also gonna be popular with
the people mainly Charles scary chose to
stroll across my videos and can be
extremely extremely nasty so I really
rather not have any of that it was an
extremely strange experience I've never
really properly felt excluded from
anything in the States watching CNN last
night at about 11:00 p.m. and everyone
gathered round was like fifty people
watching and it's weird because it's the
same space in which we watch Glee and
Gossip Girl really I were watching them
say that if something bin Laden was
killed and that Obama's coming to make a
statement and like well some stuff was
happening my mind is already like an
overflow but CNN itself an NBC like all
the American news television channels
because I watched a lot that night all
made me feel so anxious and like
physically like I couldn't breathe I
don't get function because they work on
extremes and like to some extent or news
corporations do that everyone is guilty
of that
but this was in a way that I just I can
experience more than that I haven't
experienced like it was insane
what was really interesting to me was
that I just felt so without a place to
land like there was no point of
correlation for me in what the news was
telling me it was telling me that
Americans should do this Americans
should feel like this Americans this is
relief for Americans this was Obama
speaking to Americans and Americans
allies and the point of reference is
always a moment though obviously because
I'm in America it should not have a
voice talking to me and that made me
feel extremely anxious and it was great
at 2:00 in the morning or so to find the
BBC live feed and the live video
coverage and hear these familiar voices
and these familiar approaches to news
that aren't perfect our extremely biased
in so many ways but at that moment all I
needed was familiarity there are lots of
ways in which the US and the UK are
different but in cases like these
especially considering the history of
the UK and us relationship to the war on
terror or the war in Iraq and
Afghanistan whatever and in relation to
some bin Laden I don't really think that
there would be so much a difference but
our narratives are completely different
I thought excluded because I've been
presented with a narrative that wasn't
my own I've been presented with the
American narrative when in contrast we
have in the UK the July the 7th bombings
in 2005 the car driving to the airport
all sorts of different things and write
different relationships the whole
situation which doesn't mean that we're
not justice by the summer Bernard
instead and that symbolically is very
important and that he was a very
important figure in terms of speaking to
people inspiring people to do certain
atrocious acts and things like that
it's not I didn't see that as extremely
significant and extremely important it's
just that I was being told by news
sources that my reaction should have in
a certain way and until I realized that
they weren't talking to me it was very
weird to have to remind myself
that everything is being seen from a
different point of reference from a
different narrative from a different
standpoint all I need to do was find my
point of reference to calm myself down
by no means do I think that this is over
or that this is simple or that this can
be simplified or anything like that I
think this is terrifying as I said on
Twitter I think everything about this
whole situation is terrible I think that
just confused me about people
celebrating outside the White House and
people celebrate in general was that I
was being presented with a story that
wasn't my own and it's not that like I
don't have sympathy for that story and
that I don't give her understand that
reaction it's more than at that moment I
needed to be at home for five seconds
you know what else to zero for that this
was just intense I just needed as always
somewhere to voice my crazy mind strange
day to be in America
