hi everyone so yesterday Saturday was my
school's founder today Founders Day
which basically means a day where they
have lots of kind of rides and fun stuff
to do and they have food everywhere and
there's performances live acts they had
disbanded Torah in what I keep calling
it thoro in war but it sounds very kind
of pretentious though French Spanish
combination thing but no no really
really good beautiful day
until the evening they had fireworks and
like a screening of Mary Poppins and all
sorts of different things and it was so
much fun even though we share moments of
you know my personal breakdowns and how
stressed I am and that you meet quite a
few of my friends I don't share too much
about the specifics of my life like I
didn't tell you until last week that I
was about sorry I didn't tell you
specifically any of that I do that for
very like practical Internet safety
reasons but it's nice knowing that I
don't have that much time left abasa and
being able to actually talk about it
specifically because it's a very like
unique environment and it's been so much
fun that it's nice to be able to tell
you things about basa in particular so
that's kind of one thing that they're
not having much time left it has freed
me up to do that is there was so much
fun but I was absolutely exhausted
especially cuz the Sun was just so hot
and it was such a nice day that it just
completely drains all the water out of
the system so today three of my friends
and I went for a walk batter has this
really cool farm like ecological
preserve area and if you walk past there
you can kind of walk through this forest
trail and it's beautiful and we were
walking for about an hour and a half or
two you or maybe even more than that and
it was just so lovely and it felt kind
of like you were exploring and going on
an adventure George George George of the
jungle jungle VIP
yeah broken
it's strange to think that there's only
three weeks left and there's still so
much a batter itself from the area the
immediate surrounding area that I
haven't seen and of the states in
general because I'm not able to do all
the traveling that I wanted to
originally but I've still done so much
traveling every time I come back from a
trip or put up photos or talk to people
even make a video about it someone from
the US always says you've seen so much
more of America than I ever have and
it's strange how that time crunch like
knowing you're about to leave pushes you
to see even more and even more almost in
a panic diversion of I haven't seen an
opiate habit enough yet I might never
get the chance to do this again that
kind of panicked rushing around and that
has shown itself in the amount of
footage that I have that I haven't been
able to edit and the amount footage I
have on these little memory cards I have
three memory cards and they're all just
full and I can't put the footage on my
computer because there's a third on my
computer that I don't have enough space
to edit an export and my external hard
drive is all filled up so this should be
interesting it was really nice to be
able to go like a Sunday walk really
nice have a really fun weekend I do have
finals mine coming the form of three
very very long essays and take home exam
over the next two weeks I'm hoping to
kind of knock them out the park nice and
early don't think that's gonna happen
said I have even more time to explore
take video and show it to you all whilst
I can't promise that there's exploration
format will keep up in the UK it will be
interesting to see how my mindset of of
taking camera all the time which I
didn't used to be as proficient at
translates to run on back home I mean we
shall see I'd be interested to know if
any of you especially those of you who
have gone abroad or who know that you're
moving away from an area and really felt
that the push to explore that place even
more or whether that's just something
random look flew into my head
