remember that time that I used to
lecture you just tell you how I was
feeling it like a very unedited on jump
cutted way and if it's online there's a
video of me like immediately after
reading Harry Potter the Deathly Hallows
I'm like crying and I have braces and
it's a disgusting video but I you know
that it was online and that crazy
stressed video and all these videos have
like been me just generally telling you
how I feel anybody know why I felt they
need to kind of explain that so I'm
reaching the end of my period at Vassar
it's been incredible actually and I does
points where I didn't think it was going
to be as incredible as it was like there
were days when I had too much work or I
was just haven't quite found my
friendship group yeah it was like
difficult or cold in the winter like
very very cold but then everything kind
of turned out really well and it's
coming to an end I'm going into my last
year University I already know what to
do with this information because I'm
gonna turn 20 in August I feel like I'm
not ready to do that I feel like I'm not
ready to acknowledge the fact that I've
spent 20 years of my life I'm really
done with being a teenager you know
because I'm sorry to get all kind of
weird on you but like it's just it's
scary you know like I didn't know if
time's going faster or slower or
anything like that but I just can't keep
track of it and I'm panicking and you
know especially with my writing and
that's something that really scares me
because I try and do it as much as
possible I try and make time for it at
the same time I try me time for reading
as well I try and read time to be with
friends for me is extremely unhealthy to
be like to let myself just be with
myself I have to be with other people
which is nice and nice balance with the
internet and kind of real life and where
those things kind of crossed over as
well because that's been the great a
great great great part of being it
friends who might normally see for six
days every couple of years being able to
see them every month or every other
month has been a dream but it's scary I
know that writing is a thing that I love
the most and I
knowing that I'll keep working on and I
also know that there are things that I'm
not ready to put out there yet you know
I know like i know i need feedback at
some point a lot of feedback a lot of
revisions you know many edits of course
but right now it's just still not quite
there yet you know i worry that i'm
running out of time just freaks me out
and I feel like I'm not the annual going
through this a big marker of that is
this film that's coming out in the
summer more than the bookmarks how much
time we've put into this whole world and
how much that times in the past now
because I'm ready to go on from it I'm
finishing here and I graduate next year
university is supposed to be far off and
for such a long time it was the thing
towards which everything was directed
you know my every effort school
otherwise was obsessed with University
and like now it's nearly over and I just
I don't know what to do with this
information my mind is like computer
says no there have been these markers
that should be this huge neon science
you know my sister got married and had a
kid now I have a brother-in-law and
nephew my friends are getting married
this year and I worry that if I didn't
stop for a second I'm gonna miss it but
then I worry that if I stop for a second
that I'm going to miss it so I anyone
else going through this way so just
lease is it something in the air did
they drug me to the excessive amounts of
foundation on my face seep into my
bloodstream and kill me see that's
probably a I'm actually possessed right
now ah head knee there's been a lots of
videos on this channel I know that some
you don't like that but at the same time
I call this my scrapbook because it's my
scrapbook
some days are a really creative want to
do loads put it online and it's really
annoying for those of you who have you
shoot on your phones and stuff because
it means like wow explosion like what is
she doing and then some days it would be
like I can't deal with the computer I'm
stressful and this is how I deal with
stress one of my secret brothers I'm not
going to mention you just need to hurry
up and get his next book out so that I
can read it and then have an epiphany
and everything will be solved that's how
it works I felt very clear after reading
looking for a last year in abundance of
katherines and Paper Towns my wonderful
secret system Warren Johnson who has a
book coming out and 12 days has a blog
post it she tweeted again that she wrote
a long time ago about branding they were
found in a state of crisis I'm obsessed
with the word crisis right now I think
the human body in crisis is something
that extremely like you don't really
interest me because there are all these
crises that we have no life especially
you know death being a big one of them
that moment of panic and anxiety and not
being able to breathe that isn't
entirely asthma-related that is
something that we should keep looking
more at now that we live in the consumer
driven society where we are told more
clearly than ever before what we should
be concerned about anyway she tweeted
this blog post about a black branding I
worry that because we're in this state
of crisis we're transferring everything
from Harry Potter to YouTube in a way
that isn't healthy we're trying to make
it all a commodity straightaway I don't
know how successful or unsuccessful that
is that's just not how I see youtube
I'll make videos that you like but I
also want to make videos I like I can
feel something close to proud of more
videos that I can show my friends and my
family it's nice to be able to translate
what you do in two terms that are
slightly more understandable to other
people I feel like lonely girl 15 it's
me it's my secret identity I was really
tempted to put this video on like a new
different channel in fact that's very
true to myself to have that I'm not
brand down right
