hi guys so today I'm going to talk about
couple of books that I've read recently
starting with two by Don DeLillo I've
never read anything by Don DeLillo
before then I read white noise and
cosmopolis I had two completely
different reactions to each of them a
lot of students in red white noise in
the high school classroom he's very
popular American postmodern alpha who
I'd never heard of in my life starting
with white noise I really really loved
it it followed a couple both of whom
were completely paranoid about death
overtime can you be paranoid about death
I mean it's kind of persecuting you and
it's not really an irrational fear faced
with a situation in which death suddenly
becomes very immediate and real and
tangible in a way that it hasn't before
and the reaction to it is somewhat
unexpected it's an extremely postmodern
Texas all sorts of postmodern
conventions and relative poking fun at
the academy which I always absolutely
love for example the protagonist is a
pioneer in the field of hitter studies
and yet can't speak German there's all
sorts of discontinuities throughout
which make these very familiar
situations of reacting to disaster
diseases you can't see the medical world
doctors hospitals and very very familiar
fear of death seemed suddenly very
unfamiliar and very d familiarized by
these slightly absurdist and peculiar
characters I thought it was very well
done and I liked it a lot so it's
exciting when I got on to start reading
cosmopolis also by John to leave oh yeah
I can't tell you a word what it's about
because I was so distracted by the
language which I just hated obviously
I'd like to think they want authors
include very misogynistic characters
they're doing it these days to create an
effect and to you incite a specific
reaction in the reader it was pushed too
far in Cosmopolis where it just got
distracted it's a lot of people
subverting each other no one really
knows who knows what and it's very kind
of confusing world in general but as a
whole the language the way women were
described just really distracted me and
I think that probably makes me a very
bad reader it was funny because this was
the first time that had just overwhelmed
me because there's no socialism
everywhere lots of my favorite books as
well it's incredibly prevalent this was
the first time when they had really
become distracted I would be really
interested to know whether if you've
read a lot of John gelinas work you
think that's true throughout his novels
or whether you just agree with me
entirely and what kind of reactions you
had to cosmopolis and white noise that
would be really interesting to hear
so please leave comments video responses
below also read runs as basic writings
my religion class a Taoist text arguably
quite tricky to get hand log because
unlike the heart of understanding which
I read and talked about a few videos ago
you don't finish with the sense of
understanding and knowing what the
authors trying to get at here it's all
about sarcasm is he joking is he being
serious like what's he mocking here lots
of chapters / continental lots of little
stories and examples of metaphors it's
really well done there and I think part
the nice thing about Zhang's is that you
don't come out with this complete
understanding it's a confusing read but
I liked it and I thought some of the
metaphors were really beautiful whether
or not he meant them genuinely and
literally or not I also read some food
fix records of a floating life but in an
18 09 by able to biographical a love
story a social commentary like it's hard
to pick which one of those you want to
categorize it in because it's all three
shofu thousands imperial exams has
decided to work for the government
really loves his wife or put her down
all the time but need to understand it
better I would have to know a little bit
more about the bureaucratic makeup of
China at the times I understand a bit
more than kind of family structure the
last two records and six records of a
floating life have never been discovered
think we can do it i think we can find
the last two records of a floating life
i also read dangerous laughter by
stephen mill Hauser recently which is a
collection of 13 short stories
absolutely brilliant very postmodern
again funnily enough for my post modern
American literature class the first
story is basically you look into the
minds of Tom and Jerry so that is just
brilliant improving me done we have
stories of disappearing women laughter
itself pushing the body to its extreme
so the last third really reminds me of
chania Lewis board has in its very
geometrical nature it's very
architectural and I liked it a lot like
a really wonderful collection of short
stories if you're looking for some
please let me know your thoughts below
also slightly related in very quickly i
also have this tumblr called hips too
late' where I am use the hipster tumblr
format of like faces and landscapes and
other arbitrary nonsense and then on top
of that i put a little quotation from
the book i'm reading or some of my
favorite books or even the blog brother
videos which you know in reality are
just like 800 different installments and
so this had large narrative eight
hundred volumes of a visual text you
know so I kind of included them i'm just
a little briella and will continue to
take liberties and with what i include
under that umbrella if you feel like
checking that out go ahead we thank you
