as many of you may know at this point
knows a terrace incident in London today
I found out about it and about it when I
was at work and it was really upset but
kind of cope kept it all together and
then mostly when I got home I just
suddenly had this flood of tears and it
I think was mostly just delayed shock I
don't have a good proper strong cup of
tea because I live me you asked and
can't get the water doesn't were the
same you Nagar and and fortunately you
know Nikkei is very few terrorist
incidents but yes it donated the beads
and then use and really took over my
brain personally as well obviously
because it was my city I have got all
silicates I think and I think you've
ever seen context the fact that today is
also a world war today and it's also one
day because 1.8 billion people worldwide
do not have access to clean water was
that committed often carries diseases
like typhoid and cholera so the travesty
really that 1.8 billion people don't
have access to clean water organizations
such as water to all and charity water
are trying to tackle these problems so
was it can use of water worldwide is an
ongoing very big thing and there are
goals where global goals each aim
canoeing is the Everest have access to
clean water by 2030 however there is a
sense with things like this to take a
little bit longer that they're not tied
up and they're not at point of crisis
even when an extremely large number of
people don't have access to clean water
so thinking about this in contrast with
what was happening in London because one
part of it is obviously that the Cheras
incident happened in a wealthy
predominantly white country but the
other part of it to me seems relevant
here is that it's a narrative that can
be become and ended most of time within
24 hours
it's a narrative that plays into the way
with geared toward crisis and with guilt
all these incidents that create an
extreme feeling in us and then are
resolved in some way there is some pause
at least if not as neat and in the story
so you have the incident then you find
out how many were killed and injured you
find out about the attacker or attackers
you
find out about you know if they're if
they're lying you find out when court
you find out more about who they were in
it's like a very neat narratives that
we've kind of come to expect and it's
the construction of our news is geared
towards these crises and more so they're
not decorated in wealthy countries but
sometimes the you see crises from
countries that religion struggle in
extreme poverty filtering to service and
that's often when there's an emergency
appeal like a disaster appeal or like in
the case of Somalis for example and
famines it has reached a point of utter
devastation and really terrible terrible
level there all these appeals or the
charity sores that come out of these
news appeals to come out there it's my
heart than a nucleus that point also
because more than not when it does come
in and when people when just such tract
more attention in news and all the
suddenly have this influx of NGOs who
have different lots of strain on
infrastructure and the existing markets
are kind of wiped out and need to start
again sometimes are able to that's not
to say that you shouldn't donate to
these causes you absolutely should but
that they need to get this point of
crisis before we pay attention to stuff
really makes me think about the way we
talk about our world and what's
important to us in platforms and been
built around it tendency towards crisis
and towards pregnancy and outrage and
that like severe level to use the
terminology of you know the threat scale
how does that affect the way we see it
at problems in the world and finding
solutions now those longer-term twelve
years minimum problems that involve
ongoing management even after they're
technically salts like water crisis for
example or like famine in warming world
where I will see more and more droughts
now yesterday the risen one more serious
things will occur today and I was
rewashing the brilliant her talk white
hurricane we love it and I go back
through a lot especially my feeling
stuck because I was just surfing really
creatively stuck and kind of just stuck
in the world
and in it she talks about thicker than
her poems she talks about morning to
walk around with her hands
yes in touch people pain be open to the
world
there's something about crisis that I
think mixes carve our hands up a bit
because I'm a last bit just it's like
this some kind of constriction
I think crisis relies on extreme
definitions and extreme simplicity
whereas longer term problems within
which this crises are placed as
requiring complexity and and I make sure
tricky messy problems dissolves for
living like thirst and living a nice
life get food crisis I don't think isn't
it self sustainable like my head feels
too completely bonkers completely bother
me I can't live and take in or do these
phases where I like to do one week on of
these feeds and everything is extreme
and outraged and and pain real pain like
I don't mean to minimize occur real
suffering a pain and then just countries
we saw swinging back to it gearing our
lives around that isn't good for us and
I mean that on a small scale like us but
I also mean that on a broader scale of
you actually don't think that like
extreme crisis problem-solving
empowerment in to make the most
effective change but I'm willing to be
open to other arguments and that but
then what do to marken is in the root
become because we have to find some way
to deal with to kind of process through
broader problems that going to take much
longer we have to put some markers and
the Romish that and goals that we can
achieve cases that we can get you what
do they become if they're not giving
around crisis and what changes do we
need to make in our lives and our
approaches to things to make sure it
doesn't take a crisis for us to pay
attention so the different sorts of say
for my head is been spinning with this
Jackie Munden and with everything
happening on the world the name with
gratitude though for the poetry of the
world to some resort so true yesterday
very helpful anyway the light is
completely gone while I was filming this
so I'll see you tomorrow right
