after launching my video project sorry
can't drive the inevitable question
emerged why have you never learned how
to drive why do you seem not to want to
learn how to drive there are lots of
different reasons as to why I don't want
to learn to drive so I'm just going to
speak about a few of them today but a
big one is money it's incredibly
expensive to learn how to drive you have
to pay for drives lessons there isn't a
car I can practice on at home so i would
need to either buy one for cheap or just
practice using the instructors car which
would be more expensive and you have to
pay to take the test you have to pay for
the theory materials and once you get
your license you have to pay for road
tax if you do decide to get a car you
have to pay for insurance for petrol and
all these other things that I'm sure
haven't been thought about yet secondly
a big thing is obviously the environment
I have a big environmental concern even
though certainly hypocritically know
incredibly hypocritically I'm flying
basically everywhere oh and I'm taking
lots of coaches and things I'm trying to
keep my environmental carbon footprint
down to minimum and I wouldn't be able
to afford a car like a hybrid or like an
electric car because it'd just be so so
much more expensive it would be very
easy for me to just say the reason why I
don't drive is because I live in London
and that's a big part of it I've lived
in London my whole life apart from
university I probably will end up living
there because I love it to pieces and i
love how well-connected it is even if i
don't end up settling down in london on
probably settle down in europe in
general i love the feeling that trains
just connect you everywhere I love that
public transport is so good I love that
you can cycle everywhere I love these
things and i love that in some ways
they're getting better even though
public transport costs are going up and
up and up the joy of public transport is
something that I believe comes from a
hybrid of my parents my dad has always
loved trains I didn't always understand
why that was he's given away quite a few
of them now but he's have all these like
model tracks and things we had a little
kids one behind me down from my sisters
to be honest where my dad first brought
home Harry Potter when I was six I was
very skeptical because I thought the
reason why he bought it and to this day
I still really the reason why he bought
it was that because the UK edition of
harry potter and the philosopher's stone
has a trainer cover now I've learned to
really really love trains that
experience was kind of rushing through
the country and seeing these beautiful
landscapes kind of unfold around you and
the second part of that is to do with my
mother who is an incredibly social
person and has always told me never to
be afraid to start up a conversation
with
one last people about their lives and
ask people questions almost cross that
personal space area that the UK so loves
this lovely school has stood me in
really good stead and this was never
more obvious than when I went to San
Diego two summers ago I stayed with some
aunts and uncles who live in San Diego
they lived kind of on the outskirts so
you had to get a bus and then at ram
into the actual city where i was going
to for comic-con on that tram i met so
many people i met people who worked for
comic con people who'd lived in san
diego for 30-year people who'd lived in
san diego for six months people who had
these kind of stories that they were
just bursting to tell someone it's the
same in london it's not just an american
thing if you sit next to an old lady on
the bus chances are she's gonna start
talking about her life and it's quite
it's really great i wish you had more of
it but something you definitely don't
get by driving car now this might be the
most telling factor when I was very
little I used to always run upstairs to
my parents rubes very kind of hysterical
and terrified because I thought there
was an intruder I can be quite anxious
sometimes and it's not a very good
quality not having control over all the
other drivers on the road does make me
very anxious some people use that notion
that you don't have control of all the
others drivers on the road to give them
a sense of peace once you're able to
accept that you can't control everything
I think that's extremely healthy but I
haven't quite got here I'm close
probably but not quite there yet so I
don't know if I ever want to learn to
drive I'd we like I said I didn't like
getting list for my friends particularly
in the wee hours of the morning when
it's extremely cold and rather than
having to wait it a cold winter's
Bostock I would rather get a lift back
from a friend but for me right now
driving doesn't make sense and I think
when you're traveling and exploring a
country public transport however limited
is a really fun way to travel and to get
to know a place even if no one from that
place uses the public transport so
there's review of my reasons so if i
rambled a bit and more videos soon
