do you ever use really strange metaphors
and similes that you don't really
understand why you use them first thing
you all you they just feel very
instinctive don't know whether this just
tells you more about me than it does
actually about you know the rest of the
world probably the former but I was
talking to someone this morning they
were asking me how I felt and I was like
well I feel a bit like a moose on a wall
this coming from someone who's never
seen a moose on a wall or otherwise
except in films and things I was like
well I didn't really fight the head of
moose and all I feel like a whole body
of the Moose on a wall a stuffed moose
but then again not the person who hunted
me killed me not their pride and joy
like not the big hunters like yeah it's
moose I feel like the moose that was
stuffed and relegated to the back of
right the antique shop or the charity
shop some of you guys might call the
thrift store something really random and
slightly disgusting that someone would
pick up in need of something Retro and
like weird and so a hipster I am a full
stuffed big hipster moose on a walk the
Moose itself as an oyster the
acquisition of the Moose is hipster I do
know is that just me or do you find
yourself describe yourself in really
really bizarre attempt in other news my
friend Natalie here was trying to get
into like a not particularly ripe banana
and she said this is so hard it's like
hacking into the Pentagon and I
shouldn't really probably say that on
eat you but I thought was quite funny
over and out
