hi guys so this country is really really
cold right now it's literally about
minus eight degrees minus nine celsius
fahrenheit i have no idea i don't really
understand it I keep trying to convert
it in my head and it's always colder
than I think it is which I don't think
is a really good sign but oh well today
is kind of my first Monday so it's being
back we started on wednesday last week
but this term and all my classes finish
on Wednesday so it's great because then
I can just go travelling all weekend
which is what I'm going to try and do
and one of the classes I'm taking is
actually beginners ballet let's see how
that goes because my posture is really
really bad I also swapped my desk chair
which you can see behind me for a Swiss
ball which I don't know that you can see
you can see me rolling around on its
great right now I'm reading the story of
Buddhism which is nonfiction and it's
actually for when my religion classes by
donald s lopez jr who is a professor at
the University of Michigan we construct
religion is like these pretty coherent
sets of like beliefs and doctrines and
practices and like that's not really how
it works and you can see how erroneous
that whole idea is just by reading the
story but is its kind of historical and
social and anthropological and all these
other things that are skin tight so I've
been enjoying that a lot still reading
Moby Dick haven't finished that yet
because it's long I'm reading Irving's
the sketchbook right now I'm reading
lots of other things as well thinks the
exciting side projects you probably
won't know about for a while still
trying to write I'm getting excited
because I've got a lot of trips coming
up that I'm trying to plan for and save
for and channel money into somehow so
that's kind of where my life is right
now it also occurred to me that you guys
had seen my map which is probably the
most amazing thing ever but for my Swiss
ball so this is my mouth of the USA you
can see you already have it finish this
just yet we've got little orange kind of
post-it note flags with a date and names
of places that I've visited so for
example watch chicago Boston New York
California and San Francisco for quite a
while ago now and I hope to have kind of
a lot of this map covered up with people
orange flags but practically that might
not be the case that's all for me today
