hello everyone as you can see i am back
at university after a very long day of
traveling yesterday i woke up at nine
o'clock this morning and feel strangely
awake so hopefully I've circumvented the
jet lag but we shall see we have
uploaded to uni videos I don't know
whether all they'll appear in your sub
boxes one video is when i recorded this
room aged amazes go the other one is one
of my many videos that i recorded when I
was stranded in New York but I will kind
of try and keep uploading and editing
those because there's still quite a lot
of those the other thing I want to talk
about is this new project that I'm kind
of launching its gonna be honest channel
but it's called tentatively sorry can't
drive it was going to be called
unlicensed or unlicensed America but
that sounds a bit more dodgy YouTube
needs many things and one thing that it
really doesn't need is more kind of
dodgy euphemistic title this project is
all about being an exchange student
being under 21 and being without a
driver's license try to travel around
the US and try to see as much as i can
because this is what this semester more
even more than the last one is really
about seeing new places and exploring
things like that i might do a couple of
catch-up videos about my trips to boston
and chicago but I've got loads loads
more trips planned this semester and
I'll them I'll let you know about that
the third and final piece of badman is
that I'd really appreciate it if you
went to the watts on stage awards page
can find the link in the description bar
below and voted for bells are ringing in
the three categories that it's nominated
for it would really help friend out and
you know it would be your good deed of
the day my mother we said you should try
and do three good deeds every day should
probably do more than that seems a bit
harder so you're into three nice things
every day waiting so easy you don't even
have to sign up you don't have to pay a
thing you don't even have to vote in all
the categories you can just vote in the
bells are being nominated categories
leave a comment below if you voted and
thank you also I slipped on black ice
earlier and cut my knee but look I've
got twist over pasta and 320 pages
through Moby Dick and when I finished
that I'll talk about it I do want to be
that blogger who like asked you to help
me out all the time help my friends all
the time like with Lex and last video
I'm voting this year but this is stuff
that actually would really help so if
you could that would be amazing and then
I promise not to ask you to help me out
with anything for like at least 17
billion videos I have my fingers crossed
back here what are you talking about bye
guys
