hello everyone so it is the twentieth of
december and i'm still in the hotel room
and i'm still going to be here probably
until wednesday and 14 forecast of more
snow upset at which I've really always
appreciate and but I was I was wondering
what tips you guys had me to do because
i have i have become sick of the
computer especially because netflix
won't load and I have become sick of the
television because there's nothing on
I've read a lot of never let me go I
still not finished but I can't
concentrate on that anymore I read a two
month old magazine which is what they
had in the gift shop I've been to the
gift shop I've been to the vending
machines and I don't have any trainer so
I can't go to the gym and I don't have a
swimsuit so I can't go swimming I've
explored hotel I was going to build a
fort in this room ER den but I can't
because I feel bad for housekeeping and
I've been on skype to basically everyone
and their uncle I have taken photos and
taking video and discuss the merits of
the hotel artwork in my bedroom that
video should be up whenever I get into
an editing kick I have rearranged parts
of the furniture so that the ethernet
cable is slightly more accessible what
else should I do give me your tips which
I do in this free time yet as I take
preferably away from the television and
away from this computer and not having
to spend money if I work a cab to
Manhattan it would cost at least thirty
dollars one way and if I were to get
like a taxi to the metro and all that is
just it's a bit complicated and also and
the Virgin rep has been coming in every
day trying to help us out and giving us
information I don't really want to miss
that so I'm basically unstuck Sarah I've
got a couple of friends who are coming
up hopefully to visit but give me some
tips which I do in this room I've done a
lot of writing as well but again as I
say I'm tired of that for now and so any
other text would be much appreciated the
other thing is that I've been watching
and the project for some videos as you
may remember the thing you didn't really
load for me because I'm on here and the
internet isn't wonderful but I have been
watching back most the videos and almost
all of them now and it really reminds me
of the experience of watching children
in need and comic relief growing up as a
child I don't know how many of you
relate to that
tool I don't know whether they really do
that in other countries whether it's
that's just a British thing but the
children need programs like they started
probably seven and they go on until well
after midnight and they raise money they
raid millions of pounds each year and
pledges and it's incredible and people
do crazy things and stupid things to
raise money and it's so funny seeing
that a kind of mirror of that or echo of
that in project for awesome but it being
almost entirely of people I know and
like without the backing of the BBC you
know it's it's it's really touching it's
I've been loving watching it but it
makes me cry every time and no slightly
emotionally unstable at the moment and
just because I'm lonely the I did have a
nice chat with an elderly couple and
I've been talking to many middle-aged
couples and that's really fun but I
would kind of wish there were like a big
group of students who'd who tried to fly
home so I can hang out with them but no
just little me not complaining though at
least I'm not on a cold floor at
Heathrow so you know I can't really
complain the best of luck to anyone he's
stranded and watch the p4a videos if you
can am I just so interested that
everyone the raffle raffle has raised
over a hundred thousand dollars which is
amazing and i'll talk to you guys soon
when I can be bothered to edit things
but
