it's to a charity which i think is a
very important charity that's a very
important work and it has lots of
helpful resources for those of you who
might be in need of them a statistic
united kingdom has a population of about
sixty two million people that means that
just about one percent of the population
infected by them at least regular
viewers of this channel might have
gathered their body image it's an
incredibly important subject for me I
think it's something that needs to be
talked about a lot more than it already
is I think sometimes that the size zero
debate wasn't pushed far enough the
charity I'm talking about today beat
reaches the peak which is charity about
helping people with eating disorders and
provides loads of information not just
for the people who definitely have an
eating disorder or suspect they have
neat in disorder but also for the
concerned friends and the parents it has
message boards that has a helpline it
really is an incredible charity I really
hope you'll consider giving them a
donation today so easy you can just log
onto that website www be 8000 UK edition
statement beats vision is that eating
disorders will be beaten beats aims are
to change the way everyone thinks and
talks about eating disorders to improve
the way surfaces and treatment are
provided and to help anyone believe that
they're eating disorder can be beaten
beat do this by challenging the
stereotype and stigma that people with
eating disorders face campaigning for
better services and treatment and by
providing information support and
encouragement to seek treatment and
recovery thanks for listening i really
appreciate it this is a cause that needs
to be spoken about and needs to be
understood go to youtube.com forward
slash product awesome to find out more
details of why I'm making this video
today best wishes and dftba today even
more than every other day although makes
you could possibly ever desire more
information rather project for awesome
phone numbers and emails for the beat
helpline and you sign and more can be
found in the description bar below
