look at this beautiful weather it's so
pretty it's okay let's go frolicking in
the snow and I've left all my stuff on
there I didn't really think about it
when coming out to film a video that I
would need something to put my camera on
I was going on route to somewhere where
I like to study and just so that I could
multitask get a leaky TV video filmed
film something for you guys and yeah I
was silly like that I suppose I'm a real
Fullmer and real video artist what are
those people called what am I call a
video brother is that what I ask what am
I youtube I am going crazy for finals
that's what I just handed in one of my
essays I just have to finish my race
theory SI handed my race theory journal
and then revised my final and love
yourself in check I keep toppling over
because it's been the finals no one else
seems to be awakened is a gorgeous day
and it's like wake up everyone come on
it has to go get back to studying now
because that's what I do that snow
started falling properly at about
midnight last night naturally I ran out
into the snow video check out the
unlisted video at this link right here
if it's in the frame if not just kicked
my face makes you ready when towards the
episode of your girls where Lorelei for
smelters their teens now feel like such
a destroyer of slow because this snow is
perfect it's light and fluffy I mean
it's not the best snow for the stables
right now it's still a little bit too
fluffy for that and I tried to compact
them and make it into stable earlier and
that just didn't happen and it's perfect
for everything else and then you come
across the treacherous bits of ice also
is it really bad but I when I see this
lake covered in ice what a I think of
hiring butter and beat I just want to
skate over it or like touch it but even
though I know that it would kind of kill
me with how cold it is I just brought
some ice just stabbed the ice
when you step in someone else's
footsteps everything will crack I'm sure
there's a nice literary point there to
be made but I'll leave that to a
Jonathan Hank and their thoughts from
places videos
