so it's pretty obvious that i have two
big papers to write and one exam to our
Vice ball when I just keep making videos
all the time because I can't be inside
my head right now it's so full of
quotations from everyone and their
brother finding it really exhausting i
got up pretty early today after going to
bed about two thirds you from breathing
so much i woke up at seven and after
making my knee TV video i just didn't
loads of work i'm at a couple of errands
and then did more work they went to a
lecture and just more work cuz i went to
Zona then went to meeting with the
professor came back done a bit more work
and now i just need a very small break
before dinner because otherwise i think
i am actually going to explode two
things though that are really stupid
that i do sometimes the first one is
i'll send a text to someone saying meet
for dinner but because i'm so impatient
to find out whether or not i will you
know they have dinner soon or whether
they want to go somewhere with me or
just anything majin know something that
i will then get up from my bed to which
is where i spent a lot my time bed and
the chair over there that walk to their
room and ask them again what did I just
do that in the first place I mean why go
through the whole shenanigan or writing
out a message on this silly gay phone
and sending it like that doesn't make
any sense the second really really
stupid thing I did which I do all the
time whenever is website goes down it's
get into this strange panic I'll have
missed something people have posted
stuff there's things to read there's
things to catch up with do I not realize
that this website has been down for
everybody else there is no way that
could be things to catch up with and
really enjoyed reading your comments on
formative literature as I said I have a
very strong interest in jerz literature
in general boat so just books in general
they finish one of my favorite classes
today say Rome that was bit sad where my
passes for next term looked to be
absolutely amazing so I'm really excited
for that and also sad to leave all these
wonderful classes that I've taken this
semester behind but we shall see
