and so by the time is uploads it'll
probably be about 30 minutes until
midnight and which means it's 30 minutes
until December the first we all know
what the first was December mean give
this Christmas song is out I can
officially start watching love actually
and the holiday and home alone and any
and every Christmas film that will ever
appear on television I can start playing
Frank Sinatra's Christmas song crash out
the Christmas Spotify playlist and in
crack at the Christmas iTunes playlist I
can start doing christmas shopping
properly i can write four essays and
study for one final exam yeah maybe not
that last one doctor who christmas
special in 25 days new Todd is
technically a video up by the way I'm
very strict about not letting myself get
properly excited about Christmas until
the first of December it's just kind of
a rule I've made for myself over the
past few years I found myself coming up
and up against my religious beliefs and
putting my religious beliefs and little
categories I mean I was raised Roman
Catholic my mother is still a mcafee
make my father was raised Methodist we
describe as a religion right now is
philosophy or at least Bertrand
Russell's history of western philosophy
my older sister has kind of a chronic
for churches but it's really interested
in Buddhism changes have used a lot my
other sister would probably still
described herself as Roman Catholic but
she recently got married in a church of
england church my nephew's recently
about ties is Roman Catholic so I've
been in a house where everyone's
religion kind of changes moves to
agnosticism and moves to atheism and
just it's not this one concrete thing
which is something when it comes side so
you know adolescent teenager and it's
coming to terms with the fact that we
are all going to die it tends to be kind
of a confusing and stressful experience
so how does someone who can't even make
up her mind about religion celebrate
Christmas how do I have the right to get
excited about it without being swallowed
up by this huge commercial enterprise
for me I put the month in a little box
the month december is a month that i am
allowed to get excited about this
holiday but i will see so many members
of my family when I will see so many of
my friends this year there are two songs
that goes beyond my Christmas playlist
one is Ellie Goulding's cover of your
song by elton john i saw you in UK might
recognize this song has the one on the
current John Doe is Christmas advert for
me the song first came to attention as a
big fan of Ellie Goulding she's probably
one of my favorite singers she has a
really unique voice is very stripped
back is piano the music video everything
that I love about the British winter I
am NOT a British winter person I've much
provoked sunshine the second song is Tim
mentions white wine in the Sun now this
was released last year it's by the
atheist
australian comedian to mention is
probably my favorite comedian this
gorgeous seven-minute completely
sentimental lovely family heartbreaking
funny brilliant song about Christmas
time but me the song is basically
everything I think of when I think of
Christmas so that's kind of remarkable
considering that Tim Minchin is an
atheist an atheist who doesn't shy away
from being critical about religion he
doesn't shy away from being funny about
religion either I have a lot of respect
for him for that he's not just being
provocative for the sake of it he's
actually making very good points and
he's being funny and his work is
generally a very high quality recently
wrote the music for the RSC version of
Matilda the musical which I really want
to go and see but it doesn't look like a
great to be able to see so if you're
going to be around stratford-upon-avon
around Christmastime then you should go
see it on my behalf I listen to the song
a lot last you and I loved it a lot last
year has even more of an impact for me
now being thousands of miles away from
home the song is kind of ultimately
about Christmas tires a time and family
that Biggles cliche what's on your
christmas playlist this year guys I have
to get back to work now but I hope you
enjoy this slightly different angle in
my bedroom the lighting is strange
Princess Leia and I both wish you a very
happy first of December a pinch and a
punch for the first of the month no
turns of any kind there's been a very
peculiar surge recently of kind of nasty
less inclined comments and messages and
one of them told me I looked a lot
better with my hair down and without
lipstick on so am I will the lipstick
and the hair just to you I don't know
why anyone feels that they have the
right to comment on anyone elses
appearance especially a video blogger
this might sound hypocritical coming
from someone who has pictures of all
these gorgeous women on my wall but
honestly at least insult me with
Shakespeare which you can find in this
video right here which is also linked in
the description bar below happy first
December everyone not you trolls
