I am stress as per usual because I can't
I just can't I can't do everything that
I need to do which means that i'm very
behind on everything that just makes me
remember anxious the natural way of
fixing this is by making YouTube video
about it I feel I'm going to address a
couple of things I still read comments I
know that I'm not the best person in the
world it replied in my comments gets
really funny because you recall it and
every northern people like he's gained
weight you've lost weight you've slimmed
down well you should lay off the cake
it's just like um angles it's all about
angles right now this is on my window so
purely for comfort and four lights safe
but it does mean that it's elevated so
you're going to see my face from above
which is gonna make it look skinnier
back at University where largely I would
film from like a straight-on perspective
that would be my veins it's not a
natural like slimming down suddenly
putting on weight and also just bugger
off no one wants you here II I had to
get that off my chest because it's kind
of in my brain every time I make a video
because I wouldn't am I deceiving people
by having this video by the light and
therefore having it from above am I
giving people like a false image of
myself but you shoot videos of
necessarily a false image of yourself
like everything's are both image of
yourself I don't know I'm just going a
bit crazy oh I have a huge SH right I
have one that's 10 pages long but I've
just written three essays and not just
now like since I woke up this morning
but ever ever we can I write three
essays but that kind of inevitably means
that I behind on emails on behind or
stuff I do sigh well professionally than
emails i'm just i'm behind her second
part the question video that i said i've
made i thought i would actually go
around to making those tards tacular
videos before chamber break i'm going to
give myself kind of week off the
computer because i think i need that
when i when i do my activities of octane
a break they're coming up shortly
I just feel like there were no kind of
animals eating my brain speaking of
animals i saw a skunk yesterday who's so
exciting i didn't get skunked right i
think they're groundhogs everywhere I
thought that was just like a big grand
hole it was like white and it was huge
so I thought it was kind of coming to
get me coming to devour me but it was in
fact a skunk and it was funny and once I
realized it was a skunk I thought it was
really cute even though I know a lot of
people hate skunks blah blah blah but
actually sort of somebody's say there we
go and I watched ah that was really sad
lesbian follow me on twitter which you
should do I'm David Cameron we want you
shut up no one cares no one voted didn't
work you should follow me on twitter
which is paper time really on Twitter my
braces that i watch the clip from the
film watership down where they sing
bright eyes after hazel get shot still
makes me feel very sad that's just how I
got to talk about Twitter bunnies wash
it down youtube twitter there's a chain
now i need to do some reading about
lynching and so much to do why am I
making you do there damn it
