rage goddess Singh the rage of Peleus
son Achilles I felt like making a video
today because I had a really good class
on the Iliad we're talking about the bit
when Athena comes down and says
basically you need to check your rage
please and you need to yield which I
think was the take a chill pill of the
ancient Greeks maybe the whole of the
Iliad is a study in what it will take
for someone to yield
sometimes giving in isn't a good thing
but then sometimes you just swallow your
pride you need to accept that there's
anything much you can do I think
although a lot is said about pushing
yourself and trying harder and striving
and I think that it's very important I
think to some degree you need to yield
to your abilities I was watching a lot
of those videos where you talk to your
past self and your future self and I was
thinking about what advice I'd give
myself from the past from when I was 12
or 13 or 14 or 15 or whatever the truth
is I can't remember what it was like to
be 12 or 13 anymore and that thought
really scares me 15 16 17 18 is still
very clear in my mind and if I were to
go back and read my Diaries from when I
was 12 and 13 then I'd probably start
remembering what it thought life or at
least when I wrote down that it felt
like but when I think back the i get an
overwhelming sense of just being
stressed and working all the time of
this feeling that anything is possible
if you work hard enough yes but also
that you must you always must work
yourself to the point of absolute
exhaustion otherwise there's no point
there is no way that you're going to get
anything you want I don't know that
that's necessarily true and I think it
also implies that if you do push
yourself at hard if you do work yourself
down to the bone then you will get what
you want which isn't the case I hate to
bring this up again but I haven't
brought it up for a while and I have
been thinking about it for as long as I
can remember I wanted to go to Oxford it
was a big thing to me I thought it was
important to who I was I thought it was
necessary to do everything that I wanted
to do I thought that the only way to
achieve that was to push myself into a
breaking point and that were doing that
I was basically guaranteed a place i
think that was somewhere the back of my
mind I didn't realize that until about a
few weeks ago but here I am I'm not
Oxford in fact I would argue that I am
better for it it's taken me a long while
to realize that whenever something
didn't come through and i felt like i
was doing all the right things together
I was so angry at myself I was so
annoyed I was like Jagr miss a step but
maybe it wasn't my anger that I need to
check it's this obsession that if you
fulfill certain criteria then X will
happen and sometimes you just need to
yield I'm not saying like given to the
fates and sit around on your ass and
wait for that to happen but don't let
that wants you to check overcome and you
would overtake your life I don't know
this probably didn't make sense but I've
been thinking a lot about the past five
six years and everything has taken to
get me to this point where I am now and
whether I would have changed things I'm
I wouldn't have changed things but i
think it's just more important too gay
for words rather than to be going
backwards to concentrate on that you
owed me rather than 15 you owed me
tonight from 15 year old me but not to
pretend that i have a time machine and I
could go around the problem of the
paradox and go back and change
everything please just reality that you
sometimes have to come to terms with
runny were 19 I hope you're having a
lovely day gossip girl starts a week on
Monday I'm very excited for it it seems
kind of wrong talking about the iliad
and gossip girl on the same m38 but I
just didn't now please go and watch my
friend George's video with her singing a
popular song by a small child I mean
she's really good it's a small child I
have to question
