books and reading are often considered
very solitary activities people close to
me have even said that reading is
antisocial but when you pick up a book
you're creating a board within yourself
and all the people around you to me
though this obscures the social
connection that can come from reading
not simply with wonderful characters and
worlds within a book but also without
the shared experience of connecting over
a book with another person whether
that's in person or online because you
both paid attention to these pages for a
while the comfort of the bookshop the
wonder of a library the spark of a book
club people in service of books and of
each other on the 10th of April I hosted
a book swap and a screening for the
Guernsey literary and potato peel pie
Society a film with an immense title
based on a wonderful book of the same
title and it's an epistolary that's to
say it is composed of letters back and
forth between characters in the book in
this case a writer called Julia Ashton
played in the film by Lily James Sydney
her publisher who's played at the film
by their delightful matthew goode and of
course the various members of the
literary society in Guernsey guarantee
by the way is an island in the channel
between Britain and France and it was
occupied during the Second World War the
film is set in 1946 but Juliet and her
correspondence on Guernsey I tried to
patch together all of the things that
they didn't understand or miss during
the war after the Nazi soldiers arrived
on Guernsey no radios were allowed no
news was allowed it was all highly
controlled I had no idea that Gansey had
been occupied during the war the
narrative I'd grown up with was
Britain's like victorious inherent
victorious Ness and resistance to defeat
etc etc but the film points to a more
complicated history an island living
with its occupiers and for me at least
it was another tool to unpick and
demonstrate the subjectivity of a
nation's Chronicle in sharing a history
of the literary society with Juliet by
letter they're sharing a history of the
occupation but also the history of a
formation of a community I ran a
competition on Instagram and I asked
everyone who'd won tickets to the
screenings to bring a book with them to
swap we were about 40 people at the very
lovely Soho Hotel in central London one
of my favorite scenes in the film is the
formation of the Guernsey literary and
potato peel Pie Society just when it's
been started and all the members are
advocating for their favorite books the
things that they've just read basically
championing them is worthy of other
people's attention making a case to them
I've gone back and forth on the
logistics of the book sort but when I
got up and spoke to everyone I decided
that they're basically what we were
going to do is speak to each other all
of us strangers and make a case to the
book we'd brought with us basically why
the other person might be interested in
their insurer and in-person
recommendation for the book you've
brought with you and why the other
person should swap it for the book they
brought with them I am a people person
but I know not everyone is so I did feel
a little bit nervous giving the
instruction that everyone should talk to
each other as I know we had a mix of
like shy and out people introverted and
extroverted in the room but everyone
just really took it on and I know this
might sound cheesy but I was really
bolstered by the fact that we all had
this common love of books I had so much
fun talking about books with everyone
but discussion is a community space and
it takes you to all of these different
places these other books you may have
read things it reminded you of people it
reminded you of questions that you want
to ask about a book talking about books
helps me understand people more I think
people advocate for what they care about
whether that's in what they did see in a
book and what they didn't see in a book
and in the sharing of it and hearing
other people's questions you think about
things that you never would have thought
to ask that book sort and the evening
overall really felt to me like the early
days of YouTube gatherings of queuing
for geeks and midnight releases
ultimately people who may not have known
each other at the beginning of the
evening getting to know each other
through something that they shared so
thank you to everyone who came I had a
wonderful night I've put more
information about the film in the
description bar below if you want to
check it out it's a trailer Brooke so
great all right sweetie soon bye on the
10th of April I hosted a book swap and
film screening of the Guernsey literary
and potato pie I met at the paper'll I
hosted a screening and a book swap
before the Guernsey on the 10th of April
I hosted a book swap and screening of
the Guernsey potato peel pie no that's
the wrong ok on the 10th of April the
Guernsey literary and potato peel pie
Society
cracking that's quite enough
