hi guys I'm bored and I'm wearing the
same outfit that I wore in the last
video then though it's been about a week
I didn't just wear the same clothes all
the time I have one other set of clothes
that I alternate with better yeah but um
but um but um but um I'm revising so I'm
trying to like get myself engaged and I
can't I can't get myself engaged it's
very hard I surprised my whole family by
spontaneously appearing at my nephew's
christening yesterday I went just for
the day and it was really sad because on
the way back I was on the train it might
not be sad for some of you some of you
might be like cuz all but there was a
dead Fox on the side of the railroad
tracks it was so sad like had its mouth
open as if it's like like in so much
pain but it was completely completely
one hundred percent dead and I just felt
like that and I couldn't do anything to
make myself feel happy after that so i
bought a chocolate because I eat my
feelings but also the other thing I'll
say is that there's a scorning like
Spotify feature where you can go on
facebook and get over Facebook friends
pay less and then it got me thinking
that that is the feature that already
exists on Spotify we can share playlists
and I'm trying to get the summary mood
because I feel like the more pins i
drink and the more some songs i listen
to and the more sunshine ease summer
equids around the more dresses i wear
and all of that the quickest summer is
going to be get here use Twitter or
bling at paper time lady to tweet to me
your summer playlists then that would be
absolutely grand also appreciated or any
revision playlist because I am just
going bored and by revision playlist I
mean songs that don't really have any
lyrics because otherwise I get
distracted and sing along in my lovely
lovely tones I'm going to take these off
sometime soon but not anytime soon
because just so much fun to work
