hello everyone so it's my last date you
need before the Easter break and really
excited to go home because I've been
very jealous all week because people can
go home a week and a lot my friends are
already at home from them you nice it
just feels like I'm one of the only
people here and I was getting very bored
but yeah lacking a home and it's just a
training so I hope it stops before my
train journey home because I'm not
looking forward to getting on the trains
with like five big bags and changing
trains in the pouring rain but I was
trying to do my little bit for the
environment but getting the train rather
than make my parents come pick me up so
that's been nice I've been clearing at
my fridge I've got some milk right here
milk is great would you like milk and
there's quite a lot this I'm figure
we'll have to have about 20 cups of tea
or so it's really nice it's very good I
haven't really been up to much apart
from looping looping around that I'm not
home yet more people have found out
about my blog since I because it's the
last video so that's quite funny hi guys
and I think I promised to mention Ben
Davies but are you begging us to mention
right now so excited to be back in
London I mean I do like other places but
this more than anything miss you
experience has made me realize that I
kind of belong there or in a city or
something I didn't I think I have to
keep going with the world finding places
and until I find someone that makes me
feel whether London did Chicago came
pretty close i very much like shikaka
and but speaking of big cities and you
know economic hubs and that sort of
thing that I can't wait around
conversation I've been reading this book
for the past three months or so good
affluenza by oliver james there's a new
who follow me on twitter which you
obviously will should because I just
come out with little gems of wisdom no I
date well there that recently I've had a
small obsession with oliver james who is
I think a psychologist or a
psychoanalyst or I don't know the
difference between them burn I'm gonna
say that one of them anyway that he
writes articles for the Saturday
Guardian I think the family section and
but you can just go on the Guardian
website and enter his name is search him
but he wrote this book quite a few
answer and it's all about how selfish
capitalism's like forcing us into
emotional distress and just how empty
our consumerist LiveScience grace
absolutely fabulous it's about 500 pages
long I mean clear to turn really bad in
the party under page so it shouldn't
really be talking about it until I've
read the whole thing but
really gives a crap because I've learned
loads of interesting stuff already in
the first 300 pages my dad loves
self-help books like loves them this
whole it has I would say at least one
book shelf thought of self-help books
things like pure bliss which i think is
actually ok and the secret which I think
actually makes you want to stick my
fingers down my throat because its just
oh I suppose like the law of attraction
but they just repackaged it but into a
book that looks like The Da Vinci Code
and isn't really a secret and it
capitalized the one where it's just
makes me really angry and stressed and
talk very quickly but hey more than
self-help books I like helpful books and
I think that affluenza is a helpful book
to read even if you don't agree with all
it says just read it and yeah about it
how it's gonna make us all just very
unhappy and comparing the people who are
happy people who aren't and in the in
all around the world he's written a more
recent book this was written in 2007 his
russian movies look I think updates in
2010 called Britain on the couch which
is just focus on Britain but I think I
probably read after but it's nice to see
like a general grand scheme of things
and first but he's written those books
as well so can poke around and find this
I'm so excited to go home and literally
just thinking about like you know having
a tubes that aren't being able to go
wherever I want within reason and just
ah I'm excited I'm excited for summer to
come which I did it doesn't seem very
likely because there's a lot of snow
across the UK right now here we've got
trench of rain and I think at home it's
really really cold and damp but I'm
still just the promise of summer is so
exciting dr. he starts tomorrow so the
two nardin me with you know just just
threw out the true nerd in me like I'm
nothing but notice i went to the Oxfam
book shopping that spent twenty eight
quid on like 14 books and they were
amazing yeah she's excited about luck to
you basically so dr. you starts Mara I
think it's like 620 or something I don't
know I haven't looked at television a
very long time and it's gonna be great
it's gonna be amazing so we were
wonderful a spectacular
