hi everyone I'm gonna talk about a
couple of things today but the first
thing that I'm gonna talk about is the
fact that I'm mentioning the names of
Eve Georgia Anna Mike maxvill pops Abe's
and Bristow have told you I do it so
this is something that I read when I was
on the train home last last weekend I
think it was but it feels like a lot
longer actually it's very strange at the
station on my way home going there on
the way home I succumbed to Elle's
bring summer 2010 collections magazine
it's basically like this big book of
pictures and the few articles where they
review all the goings-on in Fashion Week
like the best neutrons the new catwalks
the types of catwalk they're new people
in the front row which is like such a
big deal everything and anything is
great fun to read but it's also slightly
um it's just that it's an indulgence
it's a very superficial indulgence that
said I finished an article on the train
by Robin I think you said given who won
I think the 2006 Pulitzer Prize for more
criticism and she's also the fashion
editor for The Washington Post
she wrote this article called yes then
she wrote the amount of obesity in the
United States is the real reason behind
why there's been like so much ruckus
about the weight of women in the fashion
industry and models especially on
catwalks in billboards and whatever and
she writes and I quote the main focus of
the complaint isn't that the look is
unpleasant for that it's unattainable
for most people and I just call for
right now these people might be
frustrated that they are overweight and
the idealize within the Alpha woman the
eternal girl is literally the size of a
breadstick not that she would ever eat
one but to describe fashion as a test of
willpower and determination a measure of
good fortune a purveyor of status feeds
the twisted and completely poisonous
image of the alpha woman is just it
makes me feel sick and it feeds eating
disorders as well and it portrays those
who have a genuine concern as we should
a genuine concern for the well-being of
these girls and men as well my dad as
whining little bitches who should just
like direct their complaints as again
and I quote people who spend thousands
of dollars and Redskins the season
tickets apparently and Redskins in
a it's an American football team and it
just all sounds like pointing fingers to
me it just sounds like a complete
displacement of the real issue she goes
on and she finishes with fashion tells
us something about ourselves and our
culture it does that by reflecting a
heightened or twisting twisted reality
it may be that the only way to change
the fashion industry's portrayal of
women is not by trying to make sense of
the funhouse perfection but
reconsidering the original subject
matter what I would say is that yes
people are too fat
obesity completely in Western society is
a terrible problem because we live in a
society of consumption and that is shown
by fashion and that is shown by eating
and that is shown by our relationship
with food but is more than that it's the
fact that people aren't eating well too
much too little whatever but there is no
sense of nutrition its well-being of
course the fashion industry should come
under fire for that of course it should
there has the power to affect change
I only wonder Topshop and the choice I
have I mean if they decide my options
will I buy in Topshop like in The Devil
Wears Prada it's just like a few people
standing in a room saying this collar at
noir this color they have that they have
that influence and if they choose to
feature women of a sensible weight and
if they choose healthy women and healthy
men and if fashion designers choose to
do that in their runways as they have
been doing that of course they're going
to affect change and it's just again I
mean they're saying that oh you know
these people are displacing the grain
but everyone has a responsibility in
this and I think that the fashion
industry arguably decides what we
consider beautiful whether or not it
should be the department that decides
that almost I think that they have to
step up to the plate and this article
just really piss me off so I thought I'd
make it pretty hard otherwise I hope you
all well I just finished a seminar on
Frankenstein which was brilliant and I
feel like someone
behind right now also I hosted a week of
truth or fail Doctor Who theme to the
sign which you can find right here and
finally that last thing it's sorry I
keep going tangents we've raised over
$80,000 for helping Heidi heal the big
dr is gonna end on saturday so keep
going hopefully I really believe that we
can make $100,000 I think it would be
incredible I thank so much to everyone
who's helped out and donated and and
just an anything to help of course cuz
it's just so sad it's terrible
