hi guys this is a really quick video I'm
sure the loads of you if not all of you
have heard about the catastrophic
earthquake that happened on the twelfth
of january i think it was in Haiti it
was a seven on the Richter scale 150,000
200,000 people are estimated to have
been killed by it and for those who who
did live their country is just
absolutely devastated and it needs all
the help that it can get basically the
best way to help is actually through
monetary donations because when you
start selling stuff then all the
medicine and everything that needs to
get there absolutely needs to get there
immediately and can get lost under it
and it's happened in the past before one
thing that I am going to talk about is
the live stream that's going on right
now I think it slides to do not confuse
/ say are hard but if it's not that will
be on a link right here so please just
click it's organized by the harry potter
alliance the reef accordion and the
bunch of other wonderful founder
websites and and it's basically just
like a donation drive you can donate
using paypal through that i don't know
if there's any other donation methods
and but just inquire on there and as a
sort of incentive i suppose there's also
a chance that you can actually win a
prize because lots of very very generous
people including the wonderful JK
Rowling have donated prizes so that the
top prize I would say is the collection
of all the Harry Potter books and signed
with a personalized card from the
fabulous JK Rowling myself and but
there's loads of enterprises there so
you can check it out the harry potter
alliance website but right now just get
yourself to the live stream because yeah
everyone will be there talking podcasts
performances interviews with people who
know
help and the organization would be
donating to our partners in health
who've actually been stationed in Haiti
for a very long time and sort of know
what they're doing around there we can
really really help so thanks very much
guys one of the good things I really
forgot to mention about partners and
health is that one reason why there are
particularly good organization to donate
to is the fact that they are going to
stay there even after the initial relief
efforts have happened because I know
it's happened to me many times that you
have these terrible events and they
really kind of consume you and then you
just forget about them but Partners in
Health will continue to work in Haiti
and to try and bring down the numbers
many many people living in poverty
especially after this horrible horrible
event so please help out it is
livestream.com for sale huh oopsie you
see you guys
