as usual it's been a while but I do have
some pretty good excuses this time my
computer just basically melted I'm not
exaggerating like the motherboard or
something he just melted out it was all
very technical I didn't really
understand i just noticed my head and
sadly had to hand over some money and my
hard drive failed and everything was
rubbish but now it's good cuz i have
like a massive powerful hard drive now
and everything's cool and it all seems
to be working so i thought i'd finally
get around to it because everyone on
formspring i have forms right now
formspring me would slash Alaska young
um has been asking me like when you're
gonna make another video so I do for
Bella Bella I am sorry I kept saying
like tomorrow tomorrow and then I had
work and essays and all sorts of
education related nonsense but n but now
it's like the 11th of December which is
very strange I've got my Christmas
lights up and seemed a little bit isn't
it magical I'm very excited for
Christmas I'm quite a Christmas person i
have my fair trade advent calendar and
me my roommate got some ridiculous
things like a bright pink christmas tree
with my sister's pregnant right now and
her babies doing the fifth of january i
think that's all just it's all happening
in whizzing by and i'm off to the
snowball in Edinburgh was a rock event
one of my best friend's is going to
university neda Brussels to go see her
as well who and I haven't seen her since
September's then I miss and really badly
just going home and seeing everyone and
just being in London again I'm really
looking forward to it but Claire's been
a bit tough recently especially as I say
with formspring as a distraction and
just watching so many videos like today
for example i started watching
flashforward which I've never seen and I
really do it kinda like a mix between
lost and heroes one of the questions I
was getting a lot on formspring was
whether I'd read in the thing good
recently and I have with like the books
of my core so really good but once you
do that and then doing the background
reading of articles and books to kind of
contextualise that then
it's sort of tricky to kind of have time
to read much apart from that so there's
a nice list of books that i want to read
over Christmas whether or not I'll
actually get to do that is another
matter but he knows one thing I want to
ask you guys is that this is obviously
my first Christmas as a vegetarian I've
never done it before and I love
Christmas food I used to be very big on
especially stuffing and pigs in a
blanket and that's what your things so
if anyone has any really really tasty
vegetarian recipes and food ideas and
generally that sort of thing that you
really enjoy you to my Christmas please
so then my wake is I'm very up for
experimenting with gluten things but um
I just want to feel Christmassy not to
feel always left out from the
festivities that I think Christmas food
is kind of big part of that sadly enough
the other thing is that the project for
awesome it is taking place on the
seventeenth which is the following no
following thursday the coming Thursday
all over the world that it starts at
five p.m. UK time gmt on the thursday
bit everywhere else I think it's 12 noon
EST that be more details button one
place you can go to find loads more
details and also to sign up for the
mailing list is nerdfighters com it's a
day whenever just makes video about a
favorite charity or try to they just
want to talk a bit about and you put the
project foursome thumbnail on it so that
you can see that this project portal
video and then you spend the day
commenting and fainting and rating and
the day after that as well favorite
videos just so that hopefully we can
just take over at the most viewed and
most popular pages away from the crazy
porn box for a little while
that would be something worth fighting
for that's what um I'm in a very strange
mood I'm really tired I just handed in
my last day of the term which was a big
fifty percent of my module really
important kind of s am dressing me out a
little bit just thinking I've just had
to pay him I went to see the music for
film for me and orson welles last week
with my friend georgia which was great
it was really good fun I was never a
sucker for kind of super fan until fussy
high school musical 3 and then second to
be 17 again which I thought which is
brilliant I really enjoyed that phone
and me and orson welles but it's like
such a beautiful art house film I really
liked that I want to make entirely
secular videos well yeah I will speak to
that in goodbye
