the first time I took notice of
cheerleading was when I was watching
sabrina the teenage witch as a child now
you may remember libby the bitch of a
character i was head of the cheering
squad and a valerie wanted to try out
the cheerleading and Sabrina was like no
you shouldn't try out for cheerleading
so i use my sneaky magic and it was all
about how your friends might want to do
different things from you and that's no
reason to stop them and when Valerie
eventually does try out for the
cheerleading squad Sabrina tries out
with her now Sabrina makes what we would
define as a tip of herself and I always
thought that episode was quite funny
because cheerleader looks really really
easy I mean all you do is like put your
arms up in fancy routine and stuff and
shout some words and you know maybe the
more gymnastic would throw in a few some
results and stuff but that's about it
really i mean doesn't require much oh my
god was I wrong the only sporty extra
great for thing I've joined here has
been cheerleading so that would be fun I
enjoyed bring it on I enjoyed you know
Greece went Olivia newton-john's like a
cheerleader with her long skirt and
everything like that I thought it
wouldn't be as bloody hard as it is I
had my first cheerleading practice today
I'm not a girl who exercises a lot I
like my bicycle I like walking a lot but
I don't really do any exercise I was so
used in primary as I through school to
try and get get out of things by
sprained ankles and headaches backaches
and bad asthma and all that sort of
stuff that I never really just got into
it at all I mean even when we had to do
gym let's go to the gym and I was six I
kind like did you know rowing machine
which I quite enjoyed and that was sort
of it really and so I thought you know
this is an opportunity to get give me
some exercise to be honest to get enough
cardiovascular exercise just walking to
your extras and walking to the sports
park which are up and down various hills
around here that you don't really need
to join the gym was my personal thinking
I thought yeah it surely did you know
it's kind
dance you know you'll be fine I'm
actually very good at dance all
coordination or anything like that so
this is going to be an interesting
adventure but yeah I just wanted to have
a little nod to cheerleading and that I
have even more respect than ever before
for cheerleaders who I think you've been
shunned aside as the bitchy girls NM in
crappy films and wonderful television
shows like Sabrina bah I don't know what
this video is about but and invest is
really fun but really hard I have so
much reading to do and getting my head
around literary theory and around I'm
beaming as I say it because I do love it
I read Ovid's metamorphoses and it was
some good and really enjoyed it there's
a point it or just clicked and I just
started to really love it next week's
reading is bare walls and I've also got
some kind of cultural criticism
formulism we watched the Bicycle Thieves
today films X minutes long and 10
minutes before it finished the people he
would put the film one came back and
being like oh the subtitles we didn't
put the subtitles on we watch this whole
film in Italian and it's weird enough as
it is to be honest Chris Italian
neo-realist style but it's quite good
film so you should watch it we should
check it out the bicycles needs looks
like lad jury do you beat chick to their
tails oh my god I don't know shopping
but I'm making out some food food is
good and yeah I'll try and keep you guys
updated with my cheerleading just like
