hello YouTube I'm about to play a video
that I made on Friday and that I didn't
get around to editing until just now so
it's a little bit out of date and my
birthday was yesterday and it was
brilliant had so much fun spending time
with my friends and you know finally
being able to just be 18 when all my
friends have been 18 for pretty much a
gear right now and it's crazy to that
all my friends are now gonna start
having 19 which to me is just like way
out there just far away in the distance
I'm definitely not old enough to be 19
at any point in the near future so it's
probably a good thing that I'm not going
to be any way I'll play this video right
now and that I made yesterday Friday
yesterday Friday and apologies because I
was feeling a little bit grim when i
made this video whereas now i'm just
feeling a lot more positive home sweet
home i am back logging in my room after
eight thirty two day stint in california
that was easily the best holiday of my
life and grumpy because I've working out
two days in a row to instead of blazing
hot sunshine and surrounded by my
friends not really surrounded by a lot
of people apart from my Winnie the Pooh
stuffed toy and great gray cloud
everywhere and slightly heavy rain and
wreck I can't really complain though
because I have been lucky enough to have
such an amazing holiday i went from
Laguna Beach area to LA to San Francisco
to San Diego to anaheim disneyland kind
of practically living there for a bit to
hollywood to home so that was a pretty
good bounce especially when you factor
in the fact i went to a Harry Potter
convention and comic-con and San Diego
Zoo which I wrote excited about and like
the Dodgers game and all this other
amazingly cool stuff that I went to
wrong the way in the fact that I drove
up from LA to San Francisco with
podcasts and Remus Lupin xin the
whomping willows that what is my life it
to me it feels like the life of someone
else sometimes but it has just been so
incredible and factored into that was a
fact that I really enjoyed the sixth
harry potter film an awful lot when's
akali the harry potter related shop
thing in
demonically didn't advance previous
screening at two p.m. the night before
the release the day before the release
rather I was kind of blown away by it
and just seeing it with all my friends
that most of them just feel the exact
same way I do about the books and the
fandom and the experience and I thing
that was just special but the fact that
I think that will be acting his improved
by Miles I mean my main quibble would be
Jenny just the fact that I don't think
that they have done justice to her
character or to her gender or just do
the actress all the kind of weird flirty
stuff especially with shoelaces and
other things can stay hidden up here too
I mean that was all really bad Harry and
Felix Felicis oh my gosh I have never
seen a funny a part of high water ever
in my you know it was really well done
they did that brilliantly with the
pizzas and we'll of it I did cry a lot
at the end which means that on some
level that had some kind of emotional
effect to me and I thought Michael
Gambon was far more of a Dumbledore than
he has ever been in any other films
which was brilliant to see as well and I
think the story just moved a lot better
and it was more complete and I liked it
a lot more than i had and tom Felton Wow
as JK Malfoy was just absolutely
brilliant and you know Emma Watson tone
down that hermione to a place that I
think was more her money than it has
been before and I could really imagine
that graveyard scene from Deathly
Hallows I could really imagine the
dynamic between Harry and Hermione ah
lavender and Ron were just so funny as
well and it was just brilliant I was
really impressed by it I really have
learnt to separate the books and films
now books will always be number one but
doesn't mean we can't enjoy the films
and I really did and so I think that
kind of laced in nicely with my whole
trip I went to dis in mind a lot
especially space mountain I never went
on Matterhorn and I really like tower of
terror halleh for new adventure as well
it was just brilliant and comic con was
yeah really putting it as well I mean
the disney pixar panel the animation
panel i was lucky enough to get in and
John Lasseter is just one of that I I
heard an amazing I think he's
21st century Walters need to be honest
I'm always really impressed by him and
he presented the whole panel really well
he's just you could feel that Pixar
running through his veins and it was
just so exciting to see him up there
especially interviewing people like hi
Aaron miyazaki who as studio ghibli and
I did spirited away and Princess
Mononoke which is another of my favorite
films it's just all amazing and also I
saw you know I someone that you might
know quite well at a comic comp which
was this person whose badge I haven't
have I hear he's kind of cool like I
didn't know that I like to went to say
hi and they could really what past
community channel and I was like doubled
backing and then was too embarrassed
having completely just brought faster to
go back and say hi and stupidly kicking
myself now because I'm a huge community
channel fan and on the Sunday I went to
the doctor who were tortured panel and I
did a little video about that was a one
video that I managed to do when I was in
the USA petardas tacular which is here
it's been great it's been so good right
now I'm working my way through the
schools of unedited shaky camera footage
that I took while I was out there and
prepared to be bombarded by random clips
from my trip in California but my guys
until next time
