I recently watched Jess's video on the
BNP which is a really great video i
really suggest that you watch it it's a
very good insight not only into european
politics but also the way that most
countries are moving forward but my
country is moving backwards into fascism
this video is just my opinions it is
essentially me being pissed off I feel
like YouTube is a really great platform
for that I have been told in the past
that I shouldn't talk about politics a
because I'm uninformed and because I'm
female
there's also see because I'm a dirty
socialist but you know nothing really I
can do about that just because I don't
know perhaps as much about politics as a
lot of older people do that I should
talk about it but how else am I supposed
to learn if I don't discuss things if I
don't argue over things if I don't find
some way to kind of build my network of
beliefs up and see what I think is right
and wrong we have something to do and I
think that youtubers are really good
platform for that because it's
accessible especially to young people
I'm very an to the BNP I do see them as
a fascist organization I believe that
their stance in it with such strong
opposition to interracial marriage for
example the fact that I haven't I've
never thought that the government should
dictate who can marry him which is why
I'm supposed to laws that prohibit
certain types of marriage between
someone because of their sexuality or
whatever I mean that that to me is
unacceptable that is somewhere with a
state shouldn't intervene
furthermore I hold a lot of issue with
their definition of British they never
really explicitly said I mean they're
very clever not to sound too racist you
know just just a sufficient amount of
racism but if you watch a recent
interview that Nick Griffin the leader
of the BNP did with Sky News not my
favorite news network but very good X
BBC news presenter who really grilled
Nick Griffin about the BNP you realise
that yes they are a whites-only party
and the fact that they consider a
British person to be white I think the
general gist of what Nick refers said
was that he can't join blacks only
parties so that's underrepresented and
that makes his party non racist which
again I would completely disagree with
because Britain has and has always been
a multicultural society and I think
that's part of what makes us you know
one of the most unique places we're very
accepting and
we're intrigued and we're curious
particularly this generation you know
couple generations up we're finding
these new cottages and we're learning
about things and refine it to really
have the freedom to travel and see those
places and and piqued our interest in
them I think that's absolute brilliant
and that's what my favorite things
particularly about London as well
because it is so multicultural now I
understand that there are some problems
with integration for example I think
that immigrants should be encouraged to
learn English far more than they are and
I think that that should be a priority
of a citizenship test so it's also
important because you have to prove the
sense of you know dedication to the
country then yes we might not have
ourselves but there we go
however yes I do think that there is a
difference between saying that people
should be integrated more easily and
saying that they will encourage
voluntary deputation or whatever of
legal immigrants let alone illegal
immigrants and they would probably just
shoot them the holocaust deniers and BNP
they're right I mean they can say that
they've changed their views but they
absolutely haven't and the idea that you
can let some be in your party and let
someone represent your views who doesn't
think that this massive genocide
happened now I'm sort of annoyed that I
didn't get to vote because I know that
while one vote wouldn't have made a
difference
I feel like young people should be
allowed to vote and we should be trusted
and the problem is not whether or not
you know we would vote well it's if we
weren't very well why wouldn't we vote
well perhaps because there's not the
education for it perhaps because we're
not being told things and encouraged to
discuss things of the way that was
shaped by my school did the event or
schools question time two years in a row
no I helped run it the first time it was
great because after we did the event
people left me like wow why don't we
talk about these things and people
aren't really encouraged to talk about
politics the European election should
have been a huge deal while god bless
them they try to put adverts everywhere
and and trying to appeal to let you the
cool young Jews it's just they're not
going message message across and we need
to find more ways of getting young
people involved in politics voting for a
fascist party is not a sensible reaction
to resisting change in the UK fine
conservatism you know not my thing but
if you if you want to keep core
traditional values to the UK don't try
and impose values that don't
don't try and say that the UK is only
for the British and the British or I
need two white because that's a belief
that doesn't exist the fact that a
government can selectively choose who is
and who isn't British and for those who
aren't to go out and British jobs to the
British and having a protectionist
economy and oh it's all really terrible
and I am really worried that this is how
our country's turning out but I think
what my plan is to move to a country
with a more sophisticated government
where the election results always result
in people with a high reputation the BNP
so I'm thinking Zimbabwe
