oh I I started vlogging this will be the
day but I die this movie it was it I die
I I started frogging wanna gym can be
hulu and avoided stir mart i I'm gonna
kill you la la la oh this is pretty high
no one two three four no why did you
slow the boys cuz maybe you can be cool
while I cannot X the school I do hurts
suddenly appear everytime Allen's near
just like me they want to be close to
you we let's do it again Go Go trying I
assessing this with weird intonation
what can you just change the song to the
song that I want why can you not
cooperate failure of a application let's
do this shit and then just press stop
recording cuz that's what I do I cannot
do this this is skanky nice oh come on
Charlie tell me into 30 let's let's go
back to know now I just complain to you
just like me they long to be close to
you
not as in my head all day or like tennis
with associates oh it's probably not
going to work but it might work okay
let's just let's do this Oh bother
lighting is so bad with this come on
checks I might say like I'm not a man I
don't have that for my let's do the skin
Bev lagann such my butt is a lie that is
a lie that is alive oh my god what was
that good Thank You Alan say my goodbyes
it's a short words in it its Shore
little guys please like stem estoppel
thing because like my face is looking
really fit really fit drip tips Marissa
collected works of Shakespeare Oh place
why why am I even surprised cuz when I
spontaneously singing at it's actually
okay but when I have to sing along to
their bloody low voices there no dr bit
crazy drive me saying cuz they're such
good singer oh the jungle book this is
very quite simple c31 lagu but if they'd
known I same
things going that's a funny it's a
furniture such a long
