I have a problem fire to the library I
only went to pick up one of my books and
I ended up getting tan out even though
I'm already reading 5 books I'm still
reading tricks to make this world in my
pants it's really good all about
imagination and I'm just loving it and
I'm kind of about here it's brilliant Oh
notice something here knew I am a
partner I finally gave in and applied to
the point it skiing with some pushing
from Marissa because she is cool let me
show you the books I cuz I'm really
excited about them while I brittany has
got all these really good book so this
is the book that I rich look up
Collected Poems of Edna's Santa vincent
millay in my pants which I was actually
going to buy our so close buying it and
I went to my bank lat I was like oh no I
shouldn't buy this so I went to looking
up and luckily in my library have like
an online service which means that you
can get books out from any library in
the London borough I've been enjoying
that and they're already lovely editions
and it's it's a beautiful book smells
good as well but couldnt what I lost
girls in their married bliss in my pants
the only reason that I picked this up is
because it has a little quotation from
Philip Roth in front who says that Edna
O'Brien who wrote this is the most
gifted women now writing fiction in
English I I think that's a pretty good
endorsement and it's it's not huge and
it looks quite good so that's gonna be
one of the read this one set in Mexico
and it looks slightly spooky it's called
a zigzag way in my pants but I need to
decide and I don't really know much
about it but I love all these galaxies
deaths all the little sugar skulls that
they use on them dared the dead they put
everyone the graves and it's all candles
everywhere and wow i miss mexico i also
got more poetry 73 poems in my pants by
e cummings partly after the insistence
of Alan but he Cummings is a fabulous
poet nothing and also after hearing a
few and John's ba TVs and so on and
looking up someone internet that I have
made me think who I haven't read any and
arrived and I reserved it and is a nice
surprise because when you go and say oh
I wanted to collect my collected poems
very simple it's in Malay and he's like
all you have another book and actually
had two other books but I couldn't get
out third one because i already had ten
books out this one's completely random
American Gothic in my parents it's all
about this painting and it's nonfiction
and it's just I don't know really
interested me a kind of study of what it
means in different interpretations of it
and things like that I've just really
intrigued by it but it's just one of
those completely random books that a pic
because they put it on display in the
library they're really effective like
that there's a book that they've been
selling my book shop for a while unwind
in my pants it seems kind of futuristic
and gory and it's the kind of thing that
I would enjoy recommending this isn't
fiction this is questions from the
frontiers of cosmology it's all about
the universe and I'm probably gonna
understand a word of it but I'm excited
to be about to read the infinite cosmos
in my pants that would be quite big
there it's all about like the structure
of the universe and dark matter and
everything and I'm really excited to
read it but it's not too big and the
writing well it's tiny but it could be
smaller right I'm finally getting around
to reading this I read quite a bit of it
at one point and then never picked it up
again I don't like film covers but it's
okay brideshead revisited in my pants
and I love everything from that era
although i think is gonna make them worn
oxford this is just something completely
rounded the infinite wisdom of Herot
rose in my pants which i think is were
about someone who's softcore writings
get published by her parents I didn't
I'd know nothing about it looks quite a
hairy fairy and I just would really like
to read that right now another one that
I've started but never finished his love
star girl in my pants I've read about
three-quarters of it and it's a sequel
to jerry spinelli star girl which is
just amazing it's just all her letters
and it only came out of the UK last year
I know it's been out in the US for a
while longer but I'm finally gonna get
round to finishing it and that's my part
of books barely standing up next to the
computer right now yeah the girl a lot
would gather for me but it's what I love
it's good and I've been writing still
and shocked by the fact that since my
last video in this video I'm still
writing I'm true I've changed the novel
that I'm writing completely as in I have
ditched one of them left it in it in a
folder in the world of my hard drive
somewhere and started a completely new
one with completely different genres
instead of being team being more kind of
9 to 12 however I'm sorry and I'm still
ignoring we work let's just hope none of
my teachers watch this did I talk about
the bread fritz
it standing ticket yeah they're good
they were my kid they were amazing and
by amazing I mean that they were so
amazing then probably have to dedicate
whole video to talk about them later but
right now I have to go and be sociable
on a Sunday and I didn't know what to
start with I might start with this
American Gothic just because it's shrewd
lively and highly entertaining as
American heritage I don't know I just I
like to read weird books what can I say
wait did you work confessions of a
shopaholic was crap read the book is
dead bye guys
