hello everyone so I've been tweeting
pretty much non-stop about contacting
your representatives and Senators and
your MPs depending on what kind of
governmental system you're living in
just to drive the point home though I
wanted to make a video about some tips
on how to do this because I know for
many of you it's your very first time
and you want to make this the least
stressful experience possible so right
at the top regardless of who you're
contacting the main information you need
to share is who you're contacting the
issue you're calling about a new
position any clear and concise action
you want that representative to take
your zip code or post code something
that they can identify basically that
you're that constituent your name and
number and whether or not they need to
get back to you even if you're feeling
really ambitious there is no need to
call a particularly representative more
than once a day and there are several
resources that I've personally found
particularly helpful in the u.s. five
caused org some of the spreadsheets that
I've linked below the UK the website
they work for you it's a really
accessible and clear resource to look at
if you want to find out where your MP
has voted and the website write to them
as a fantastic resource for contact
information obviously I'm talking about
this within my own context but this
video is adjust the US and UK viewers if
you do have information like these
websites and so on that you've found
very useful when contacting the people
who are supposed to represent you then
please comment with that info and I'll
try and collect it all somehow as I said
in my video many moons ago about how to
make a good phone call I think that is
very helpful to have a script or at
least even bullet points like the ones I
laid out before websites like five pools
and the spreadsheets I've linked below
also have scripts that you may find
useful just give you an example about
how these calls can go I'm going to call
one of my senators it's a Saturday so I
expect it will probably go to voicemail
but I will call nonetheless hi my name
is rosianna halse rojas
and i'm a constituent from I'm calling
today because I'm really concerned by
trump's dangerous executive order to
build a wall along our Mexican border
the wall is a logistical nightmare that
would waste billions of taxpayer dollars
better spent on health care or education
and we all know that Mexico is not going
to pay for it I also find this to be
horrendously consistent with Trump's
xenophobia towards Mexicans and I think
it's important for representatives to
stand against that can you please tell
the congresswoman that I expect them to
reject the building
Mexican border wall thanks very much
there is no need to respond but my phone
number is specs and have a next day
other general things I think it's
important to give calls of support to
your representatives and peace etc when
they make a decision that you agree with
in as much as it is to call in
opposition to a decision they've made
this also applies to activism in general
it's important to stand with people
raise up the voices of other people
chances are you not the first person to
be in opposition to something chances
are you're not the first person doing
the work on something you work is more
effective if you work with other people
if the idea of phone calls is making you
break out in hives and please consider
writing a letter or an email or even
sending a fax fax numbers are now widely
available here in the US it costs about
like a dollar fifty or something to send
a fax at UPS and fax services like fact
zero to come let you send faxes for free
online
but again regardless of what means you
use don't forget to include all of the
information that I mentioned before
another opportunity to talk to your
representative is in a town hall meeting
or one-on-one but I know that this can
be quite a big step and maybe they'll
make another video about another time on
how to deal with that kind of meeting
and interaction more broadly speaking I
think the way politicians talk and cite
examples of constituents in contact with
constituents like Joseph Plummer and so
on make you think that in order for your
voice to be important in order to share
and contact your representatives then
you have to have some kind of
exceptional story about how legislation
is going to affect you and the people
you care about this isn't the case and
in many cases with situations like this
it is about quantity because your voice
in your opinions the information that I
said you should share that is tallied
unlike the daily reports of his calls
and where everyone's position is where
we are at the moment with this
heightened sense of how grave some of
these decisions being made are it makes
you feel like the only time that you can
act is when everything is already
falling apart but you can actually make
a huge difference early on as well if
you call if you mess up your words
sometimes I get completely tongue-tied
sometimes I've budget it has a motto
your voice is still counted it's if I
actually got from
on Facebook that's been shared around is
that if you get a staff and you're
feeling like you can talk to you or if
you just want to throw yourself in at
the deep end
ask them what they would do next if they
were in your position who they would
contact next whether there are any
significant Senate votes or votes in the
House of Commons coming up wait you
should contact your representative then
as well pay attention to not just the
big headlines but to the smaller votes
when you're just voting in the general
election you do some post feel like your
voice is sort of powerless and you're
going you get something much bigger but
with smaller boats like this is where
your voice can really tip the tide and
if you get involved and you research and
you learn about these issues and you
talk to your representatives about them
and you talk to other people about them
and you listen these are places where
you can have a real impact take
ownership of your political education
educate yourself about where the system
works where it doesn't local activism
basically where you can do more it can't
speak for other countries but I do think
that there is an appalling lack of
political education in the UK it's
something that I'm really sad about and
would like to see change so there are
also resources widely available and if
you can't find them maybe help create
them else on Twitter for any book
recommendations for people who want to
learn more about their government and
politics and I've linked those in the
description bar below please keep
showing those and comments again
regardless of which country you're from
I would love to hear things that you've
found useful in learning about how your
system works find out about local
activism and issue based activism
whether that's your local chapter of the
ACLU or Planned Parenthood local
protests online three meetings black
lives matter and so on for many of us
this is a really soul-crushing time and
part of what's happening if meant to
make us feel powerless but two things
here one I would say that activism has
been broadly proved throughout history
to be a productive route to solutions
alternatives and waves of change too if
right here right now these past few
months this past year is the first time
you're feeling like this think very
seriously about how many people have
felt like this their entire lives
because of systemic injustice that has
tried to devalue their very existence
and make their existence not possible
I don't mean that in a pessimistic way I
actually mean that an extremely
optimistic way what can you do to show
up for everyone not just next time
but right now today what can you do to
listen and what can you do to talk to
the people who have the big decisions on
their desks so that's all for me today
but there is another video by activism
coming up very soon and it's just
something that's gonna they're gonna be
coming up a lot because it's something
I've really had to think about and
address my role or a responsibility as
someone with the platform in encouraging
you to use your voice not only find it
but use it and the roots that are
available to you even if you don't feel
comfortable expressing that in other
ways please feel free to share any other
advice you may have in the comments
section like alright see you soon bye
