I just got back from revolutionary road
it was sensational I was surprised by
how taken aback I was by the acting and
by the things that happen and buy
something in particular I look at her
spoil anything for you guys don't worry
because i had read the book I'd love the
book I still worried that there would be
a gap between how much I would be able
to enjoy the film because I'd enjoyed
the book so much but as always Kate and
Leo just did an incredible job and they
loved it all the shots were amazing and
it was just it was wonderful if you
haven't seen it I think you should go I
went to the cinema on friday and then my
head is having a huge dilemma about he's
just not that into you I went and I was
like oh like quite a nice little chick
flick then I got all kind of weird about
it I was literally typing on my friend
Ella's facebook LM on two dimension
because my friend Ella basically watch
all these my videos it just like I don't
know I'm not mentioned in them so Ella
you haven't mentioned but now I was
typing a facebook for saying I have to
see this we have a lot to learn from it
blah blah blah Rob now sinking Why
should there be a list of rules that
women have to accommodate for men and I
started getting all stressed about it
mentally and it was just a chick flick
and i'm reading intensely into it so who
knows what's going to happen when I see
confessions of a shopaholic on wednesday
which by the way I'm Reaper stuff that
they changed the main character from
like Becky blue word British kind of
feisty almost Bridget Jones character
who doesn't really know what's going on
to an American girl I'm sure it's been
amazing but I'm just like she was Becky
Bloomwood and they've changed her I
didn't i fenced in my kind of a hard
thing for me because i tried to
overanalyze everything oh I would just
talk about another thing related cinema
it's my friend Becky's birthday present
I tell you what's in it but I can't
because it's not her birthday till
thursday so this is my ticket what
happened to ticket stubs I have so many
tickets subs everywhere in my room from
all the Harry Potters when I go see the
next harry potter at you will be in and
i'll be in America but still well I have
like a receipt that's not a ticket I
can't keep that anything that's more
environmentally friendly i think i have
this rubbish it's a receipt and it has
my seat number on it and it's just like
all the hell i'd be more angry about it
they don't let me get away with paying
student rate even though i don't have
student card but still also tangent city
here i was waiting for becky i got my
popcorn
i sat down on a table Harris man konser
asked me which is fine he was like do
you have 20 or 30 p I was like I've got
70 so I gave him 70 because yeah I had
this popcorn in front of me and so I
gave him 70 p and he literally just
reaches over grabs a huge handful of
popcorn and was off you didn't even say
would you mind it had some popcorn which
I wouldn't have minded if he asked the
litari joke just grabbed over after I'd
given him my money I was just like and
then of course five minutes later
managed to tip over the whole book or
books everywhere what half of it or
something and it's just very
embarrassing I'm feeling like quite a
harry potter girl today because I'm
wearing the Slytherin jamba that bird
nice boys at my google cast gave to me
when they came for the tears away to the
bar launch I've got a locket a part of
my t-shirts I feel like I feel like even
though it's completely wrong color I
feel this is a special what else was I
gonna talk oh I really know what I want
to talk about right now oh I got these
shoes today is like a day of consumerism
I really needed a day of consumers and
oh look at the heel thing does
anyone want finna quite high poodle
sudden I really miss look right now
marinelli has recently finished but it's
only just come out in the UK and it's
been up in the US for a little while
longer it's the hunger games in my pants
I am 214 pages in and wow I'm very
impressed by it and one of the reasons
why I'm very impressed by it is that a
lot people accuse me of being completely
anti action books for example because i
didn't like maximum ride but the thing i
have with things like maximum riders
that they never get voice right they
always are very patch with not always
certain also i found are quite
patronizing when they write about adult
about teenagers i can in their mind in
their thought process and have them like
it get quite tired of everyone
simplifying teenage emotions and
everything like that but this this is
really good you should read it i'm gonna
have got to the end iya and apparently
makes you want it makes you crave the
next installment but i'm already craving
the next insulin because i never want
this to end it's so good it's I don't
have time right now ooh a week of
holiday I really needed it I'm going to
the buret super Wednesday Venezuela will
have Chavez as a president from now
until forever more
well you know things could be worse I
guess maybe a good day in keeping with
the theme of consumerism I got a bow the
second I turned up with it I was told
that it was very Blair Waldorf so now
every single head band in the world is a
Blair Waldorf attempt from Gossip Girl I
kind of just wanted to talk to myself
for a while it's pretty normal isn't it
and get over the emotional turmoil that
is rubbish new road I've been watching
so much West Wing I it's impossible to
stop me I've things I've been doing I've
been writing a lot oh just great because
i have authority for ages i have been
going out I've been reading I've been
watching west wing I've been eating and
shopping today I've been shopping I
don't normally go shopping but today
I've been shopping know what else I've
been doing guys i'm crazy i put in his
videos and then just deleting them i I
let you I spent like five hours in one
video and then decided that I hated it
and then just delete it which is why I
taught a secular video hasn't come out
which is why 17 days to have them and
put up and then I get I make all these
lovely videos little clips of like me
and my friends going out things like
that then am certain maybe they wouldn't
want on YouTube and B they have
copyrighted music and that's just a big
no-no yeah by two very much time go to
the Brits hey the other book relation
thing I want to tell you that I could
believe what I just remembered another
cool part of working in a bookshop
length damaged or incorrect whatever
books arrived max the graveyard book is
not the chris Radel version that i
absolutely love Chris riddles and answer
eater who is incredible at illustrating
yeah and also the other day but Canadian
news I had a revelation that the new
book in the Ruby all ova series will I
don't know if I told you this already
but the new book and the movie Oliver
series by E Lockhart will be out when
I'm in America so I wouldn't have to
order it and I can actually go to a
bookshop on that day and by which is
insane because Oh excited it's pretty
hard to stop me from gathering speaking
of Blair Waldorf headbands why is Gossip
Girl only back or mark 16 I'm sorry that
is an abomination I want my trashy
television and I want it now and another
one of my video made up of complete and
total side notes
I have not been watching skins this
series people keep asking me skins is
nothing without Cassie and Tony and
apparently now this series is just
completely crazy and I love Fe but I
loved her more as a kind of sideline
character and basically I'm just not
watching it instead i'm just i'm
watching west way
