this really great thing happened when my
opened I maybe sat down to make my video
then completely forgot what I was gonna
make my video about and still hadn't
remembered because we r memory is like
dory fighting Nemo it is short term and
then it just goes like that speaking of
which you should watch the Pixar story
on the woolly extras DVD because I have
I don't know I haven't cried so much
majors and that's really saying
something and now i'm gonna Pixar spring
that's great I love pizza it's my youth
so instead I'm just going to talk about
books because it's what I do by default
you know how when you learn a new word
then you just hear it mentioned
constantly every way that you read it
the radio you hear it in songs here and
talk shows and random people use it and
it's like the vital core of a subject or
lighting school and you're like I've
never heard this word before and then
all of a sudden it's everywhere for me
it's kind of been like that with an idea
and that idea is about our consciousness
and the way we perceive other people and
whether or not we can ever truly really
connect with anyone else really it was
Paper Towns yes but again that kind of
made me think more about how how we
perceive other people and again whether
we can ever properly connect with
another and then it made me think about
looking for alaska on that way and then
sup Katherine's in that way and they're
just everything and it's just been an
idea was well it's just popping up
everywhere literature and I've come to a
conclusion that it's you know a major
general theme of literature that I've
been completely blind to because no one
until Julian opened my eyes to it so
yeah but I want you to read a cup of
extracts from chrome yellow the book
that I've been mentioning in everything
one of my videos but probably about
basketball videos because I'm been slow
a novel set in the 1920s it's the Great
Gatsby British literature almost high
society it said in this big country
house as those of social gatherings and
everything like that it's supposed
protagonist it's a guy called Dennis
who's struggling poet and it's all about
we may all the characters that he meets
there so to convert a couple of extracts
from that I highlight new books this is
from trap to fool did one ever establish
contact with anyone we're all parallel
straight lines jenny was only a little
more parallel were most going to read a
little bit from chapter 24 for me I it
seems somehow inconceivable that he
should appear to other people as they
appeared to him inconceivable that they
had a spoke of him among themselves and
that same freely critical and to be
quite honest Mars Lee malicious tone in
which he was accustomed to talk with
them in his own eyes he had defects but
you see them was a privilege reserved to
him alone for the rest of the world he
was surely an image of flawless crystal
it was almost axiomatic on opening the
red notebook that crystal image of
himself crashed the ground and was
irreparable shattered he was not his own
severus critic after all the discovery
was a painful one no the distressing
thing wasn't Jenny herself it was what
she in the phenomenon of her red book
represented what they stood for and
concretely symbolized they represented
all the vast conscious world of men
outside himself they symbolize something
that in his studio solitariness he was
act not to believe in he could stand at
Piccadilly Circus could watch the crowd
shuffle pass and still imagined himself
the one fairy conscious intelligent
individual being among all those
thousands it seems somehow impossible
that other people should be in their way
as elaborate and complete as he in his
impossible and yet periodically he would
make some painful discovery about the
external world and the horrible reality
of it
consciousness and its intelligence the
red notebook was one of those
discoveries of such printing the sound
it put beyond a doubt the fact the outer
world really existed and the next bit is
Dennis talking to Mary who's another
guest at Quarry country house mary shed
tears at the memory she had never been
so unhappy in all her life before it was
Dennis who fast break the silence the
individual he began in a soft and sadly
philosophical tone is not a
self-supporting universe there are times
when he comes into contact with other
individuals when he is for to take
cognizance of the existence of other
universes beside himself true said Mary
and generalizing for herself she added
when one individual comes into intimate
contact with another she or he of course
as the case may be must almost
inevitably receive or inflict suffering
one is apt Dennis went on to be so
spellbound by the spectacle of one's own
personality that one forgets that the
spectacle presents itself to other
people as well as to oneself Mary was
not listening the difficulty she said
makes itself acutely felt in matters of
sex if one individual seeks intimate
contact with another individual in the
natural way she started to receive or
inflict suffering if on the other hand
she avoids contact she received equally
grave sufferings that follow on
unnatural repressions as you see it's a
dilemma but I think of my own que ser
Denys make you more decided move in the
desired direction I'm amazed how
ignorant I am of other people's
mentality in general and above all and
in particular of their opinions about
myself our minds are sealed Brooks only
occasionally open to the outside world I
find it really ironic almost and you
know dennis is to him that consciousness
in the trouble that we have and how
narrow-minded of your and how we are so
selfish inherently selfish and
everything that we do and it's he's
proving himself just because Mary's
suffering horribly and she's so upset
and she's so torn and depressed and sad
dennis is sitting that quantification
about this like
illumination that he's had in this
realization tlie he had that he's not
the most important person in the world
it is not the second one he reads this
red notebook I just I really loved it
and but as I said you know consciousness
has been popping up everywhere and it's
been it's been a really interesting it's
been really good fun I've been making a
few big videos and next week I will be
making a child as tight good one because
the Christmas special is approaching
I've doctor who I'm going to be making
another one on the seventeenth which
nerdfighters at least you know which
video that is and I hope you're making
12 and I've got a little nap good to
make about that as well and I might be
making a few mom you know especially if
I remember what to make them about but
right now I'm going to lead let us know
and drink some tea happy birthday Ali
I've set this tube up by at times today
we're great you're wonderful and it's
like middle
