hello YouTube it's been a long time
you've got a little freaky and long and
stuff it's gonna take some getting used
to it's gonna be good fun not much has
been up with me
as usual I'm busy I'm busy but it's kind
of in control and out so good night at
least cuz but tonight I don't have huge
pieces of work due tomorrow to touch
much forgotten so I'm just gonna catch
up with reading and try and sort
everything out and just kind of chill
for a bit you know maybe watch couple of
TVs and watch some films I've recorded
maybe we'll catch up with my reading
mainly because I've got a lot of reading
to do if I get into for Oxford Oh be on
8th of December so that's 12 days I
think I need to refresh my memory
because I did a mock into you and I
realized that I hadn't read like any
Charles Dickens or George Elliot in
about five years so that needs to be
improved I generally have a lot of stuff
to update he goes back red-letter day
that was Monday it was great it was the
release of Mamma Mia the film the
highest-grossing box-office hit the UK
has ever had
it's the past Harry Potter I resented it
for a moment and then I got over it
because this is a great film no it's
actually a terrible film but I love it I
mean it's got Albert the greatest pop
sensation of all time well one off at
least one of the many but one of the
most prominent of the many and it has
like Meryl Streep in it he was
sensational Amanda Seyfried who I love
with the is gorgeous interactive you
know no one really tends to agree with
me and Pierce Brosnan who is a legend
regardless of the pot-bellied I love
that man Colin Firth who I recently saw
in Starbucks disgust is an amazing cast
Judy Walters who is just like wow and
this sound right cos will add there and
they bus randomly into song and let's
watch the first time than this in around
like months and months ago with my
friend ello and we just fell in love and
we're gonna have some sort of Mamma Mia
really watching session in a couple
weeks and we're gonna need that amazing
sense of release and singing along and
being stupid and it's been great so much
fun another time I bought on that red
data Monday was Wally and I can kind of
tell that it was gonna be a big hit
I think so I really want to see in the
summer no one would go with me
able to pump like little boys and you
know it similar prices are really
sensitive so I was just like well you
know what I'm I just wait around and
pain what is literally about what a
pound 20 more and actually buy it and I
watched it and Wow I do understand I
loved it it made me feel really bad for
being the hugely materialistic person
that I am for wanting to own stuff and
it also made me really want to be a
robot my friend Alex made his stages
about how he watched wall-e and then he
wanted to be a robot and then I want to
be ready but after watching it be robots
because humans are I really enjoyed it
and yeah II feel really bad for being
materialistic so I'm trying to through
my things
and developed a way to charge the shops
and stuff and go back to the days when I
just revamped all my clothes because I
haven't done that in ages and I partly
bring the fact that I haven't had time
but it's not really that I think you
should always make time to be creative I
think it's only helped me a lot the
reason why some publishers get stuck
their busyness because I don't allow
yourself that creativity time you know
it's kind of nice to be practical
hands-on creative and I'd miss that so
it's very fun to go back to that
m'allister Anneli is harry history
without Harry history in your pants I'm
literally doing this so slowly as I have
been reading anything recreational very
slowly right now it's so brilliant I was
new medicine Annie was just wonderful
amazing spectacular lovely right
everything one of the loveliest people
that I've ever had the privilege to meet
which is so so brilliant writer and it
shows and she really captures powerful
to family for me and people said oh wait
till you get to the end you'll cry so
much and it just reminds me of the
Shakespeare code it's the Doctor Who
episode when the doctor says to Martha
wait till you read book seven whore I
cried about Harry Potter and I just
think it's funny Hansel full circle and
it's just my random teehee tangent that
was
really necessary I'm on to the seventh
chapter now page 137 so still a little
bit today my shower was broken so I've
been having Bob so I was reading in the
bath and it dipped in slightly but I
think it adds to the whole well-loved
effect see I'm rereading a lot of things
on rereading 1599 a year in the life of
William Shakespeare which is actually
probably the best biography William
Shakespeare I've ever read and it's
really interesting to find out about
what a year in the life of William
Shakespeare when your pants would
actually be like it's written by James
Shapiro and he's basically picked the
near 1599 and his written really
detailed with typography using so many
sources and just finding out everything
that he could about that one year
because it's impossible to do
biographies of Shakespeare's life in the
way that so many people have kind of
vaguely assuming what he felt like at
the time because no one knows you know
no one we bothered to find out what
Shakespeare Pasteur was like because it
just wasn't really important at the time
so I thought this is one the best bother
piece of hair to Shakespeare for all
times they do read that right yeah like
I said I'm reading it but I'm interviews
and such like rereading of mice and men
in your pants because I love this book
and I have it with it for about three
years and it's great I'm going to
working my way through Steinbeck again
because I love me some Steinbeck general
his labyrinth to still being a wedge you
reread
in two languages by blackboard
benevolence pantalones this surprised
the other day because I finally had a
little bit of money in my account so I
thought it immediately snapped up so
everybody thank um so I did that and
then it's knowing your parents I'm
crossed as well had
privilege of having anyone's crossed out
any names in this book then I'm gonna
save that for a couple of weeks and then
just dive into it great I got a copy of
OJ in Bari and the Lost Boys that Andrew
Zirkin which is all about the
relationship between Jay and Barry and
the by Davies boys and haven't read that
either yet but only people do that I'm
still hanger way through the motor
engines I've literally made about 10
pages because works that involves right
about this is almost son you've still
got minutes poring through it I really
enjoy doing this book and it's been
great
now another very important practice is
day in age which is the killer's new
album which has a really good thing
where if you turn it a certain direction
you can see the letters really clearly
and if you don't you can't so it's
fascinating really my favorite songs on
it are human
right
goodnight all so much waste because I
always could be so what they get played
on many many stations they get a lot of
publicity that was a point where they
didn't my friend Emma made this point
another day I don't some people who stop
this into a band when everyone likes
them yeah it's nice to have that little
secretive finger only you know about I
know you like but when everyone else
discovers that what's that bad thing I'm
watching to my other vent I'm going to
sort my life out and then read somewhere
books that I have not shown you because
they are somewhere in this chaos that is
my bedroom
as I saw through what is necessary for
me to own I was is necessary for me
goodbye mr. Thomas tacular video movie
scene it's gonna involve me talking
about the soundtrack oh and also I was
gonna make a couple of videos about high
of water related things and I just have
another chance to do that that will be
coming soon
and I've got to say that I got tickets
to the tales of Beedle the bard event in
but didn't leave London what stones and
only 450 tickets were available and I've
got three of them comment if you're
gonna be at the event and let me know
your general features so we can talk and
chiseling and here's the thing else I'm
reading it that we play and it's sort of
absurdist and it's by Tom so fun it's
called Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are
dead in your pants it's the whole tale
of Hamlet from the perspective of
Rosencrantz and Guildenstern I think
it's gonna be great why I can never in
videos when I first say goodbye and wide
I feel like singing okay
