hi guys today I'm gonna stop talking
about books couple of books i've read
recently it's really not been that money
i spent so much money on books in the
u.s. like literally two hundred dollars
or so they bought loads and loads of you
are not fiction in particular because
that's something that you just you don't
really get as much of a new UK it's
something that makes me angry quite a
lot and there's a lot of crazy plans i
have my head of how i want to combat
that but it has to be added to the list
of crazy plans of things that i will
eventually do one day very young adult
fiction on but there's no me something
else kind of related to that another
video that i won't make maybe tomorrow
maybe monday maybe Tuesday don't really
know books that i haven't yet i haven't
read that money and is what's weird and
what's really unnerving is fact that
i've read fewer books is summer then i
read in a relatively unbusy school week
and not even just in terms of like you
know what you think you know less is
this four-week i would read like lots of
thin books or something and that's why
i'm saying that note like I read you
know subjects of whom you'd like four or
five six hundred page books in a week
and I'm at school just because I sort of
devour them have you been finishing
death it's crazy you think that a book
that I've been waiting for a few years
reading pencil through but it's not the
same it's lovely so far i'm on the 380
first page but the good thing i love
about cornelia funke it's the ways to
use his language and the way and get
really lost her writing and and it's
been great so if i was it's my favorite
ink cart will probably always be in my
favorite but i haven't gotten to the end
here and i am really kind of reveling in
in like the her use of language and i'm
just a setting and the situation and the
ideas that you come up with this so
complex even even though I have to say
zone for characters aren't my favorite
fictional characters certainly not in
fantasy but now am I am enjoying it so
far i'll give you a bit more of an
update about that later but it's not
book I mean I preferment in cut but when
in the bookshop I work out to some 11 12
year olds if they're quite capable
readers or maybe 10 year old if their
parents of that but this I wouldn't
recommend anyone under 14 because it's
quite a read another book that I read or
just something I went to the library and
I kind of passed it and got out is that
calling the shots in my parents
directing the new series of doctor here
by Graham Harper with Adrian Rickles but
and here's a director of Doctor Who I
expect too much of books sometimes even
one that like you only look like this
and the photos the back have clearly
been like googled and stuck on the back
or whatever I accept as well then it's
you know supposed to be interesting for
people who are interested in directing
but just is not written very well at all
and they even even though his director
he's not a writer so why is he watching
back you know yeah they're all common
sense of furniture but they're more like
because there were facts about like the
actors and the program of dr. which I
love rather than about the techniques
and about the way he sees his ideas
develop a monster it just it was really
bitty and I feel like you could have
just SAT there taking the time to kind
of organize this material rather than
rushing it out before the next rows of
dr. he was over so kind of bit pissed
about that one star on Goodreads not
impressed then i read this which is
something that i bought in an hour max
which is read in my pants so we may know
that and five awesome girl avg whose
work has actually got Vanessa's I
thought it's a collection of essays by
teenage daughters and from America from
the United States of America I have to
say that I absolutely loved it I've read
this book which I'm sure a lot of you
Brendan chicken soup for the teenage
soul in my pants it's a book that I
don't have all the stories i love about
fifty percent of them and when I feel
completely loved ish book that I used to
read this and will likely read one my
favorite fiction book book for something
less fictional I read that but one thing
I didn't like about it was the editing I
mean I didn't that feel like it was
honestly the voice of teenagers I didn't
feel like it was decimated almost been
sanitized a way to kind of get rid of
bit of that honesty but it's still
amazing bike it's so like chicken ziti
no shells awesome what I loved about
read their editor mentioned it
direction we could really tell that
there wasn't that sort of sanitization
process it was honest and I put this in
my business in a couple of things if
it's in my Goodreads review but it's in
Twitter and I yeah i'm on twitter i got
it so addictive do not start it because
you will be really addicted and you wake
up for us anymore you really need to
update my twitter or maybe that's just
me maybe i'll just obsessed like that
but what I said on twitter is that like
you know what you'd go one minute and
I'd be like laughing out loud it
something i read or just little smiling
or closing is quite touching like Carly
that's a lovely story and then I'll just
be crying at the next one we those page
which I was absolutely we can 173 I'm
just so there are coffee stories they
make you feel slightly uncomfortable
because they're so honest but then you
think you think about it you're flat
don't even like now I'm glad I read that
you know before the record and locked in
his essay so in general i like I went
through this in like three hours it was
amazing but I could not put it down so
those are the three books I've been
reading I mean what is that 20 books
things I've been doing with my life I've
been typing up because I realized that I
don't remember what the crap I learnt
before all days I like I'm remembering
now and Toby are so i refresh my memory
on like oh yes you mean the Russian
Revolution was an example of oh yes and
this is all political philosophy which
is kind of interesting because I'm
having sort like a crisis of faith but
it's a crisis of political stats I
genuinely would describe yourself as
quite liberal and thinking but the more
I think about like the ideology behind
it all there's a lot of stuff that i
really don't agree with I don't agree
all day was a lot of socialism don't at
all grid would pretty much the majority
of conservatism I don't know if it's
because I found out that she was going
to be McCain's running mate in the
United States elections in November at a
point where I wasn't in the best mood or
just because I just can't stand her oh
it's the same Sarah Palin
frankly I'm insulted and I'm the last
person who should be insulted you know
the first people who should be insulted
are the entire female population of the
United States when America possibly
excluding pale yourself be insulted I'd
be insulted at myself with her
suggestion anyone who voted for Hillary
Clinton or supported her or batch out
should immediately back Sarah Palin for
the simple matter it's she's suggesting
that she's female and she's shattering
these god this class is like crying out
loud that is the most backwards logic
I've ever had like people said oh yeah
you know it's such she said feminist
she's she's a role model for kids
everyone yeah she's a role model in a
sense that hey kids would be like onic
you know she's running for vice
president that's something like you when
restrictions are ever loosening you know
in politics for females and that's all
around the world as well you know that's
one of people said about my boy that
sure but you know double sided coin but
herself through things that she's saying
things she's suggesting that just cuz
she's female people who go to barely
look into good breakfast she should be
saying no like that listen to reason why
you should make me it's good how this
policies this because this is what I
will bring to the job it's because this
is how I was supporting Kane and this is
how I will be an efficient leader in the
day the horrible event that John McCain
could not believe it or whatever but how
you thinking woman by virtue of being
female unsalted it's horrible it's
saying that for why women are all the
same and you know I'm gonna clear did
she's female you know oh yeah female 2
why not think for Sarah Palin hey why
not faithful is abundant she's female
she'd be great did like a psycho corpse
but who even cares just be now hey not
that I genuinely believe that is
important why she live oh you know not
stuck in the evil baby orphanage would
ever ah I'm sorry I'm sorry it was just
a very bad time to me to get this news
and i saw the need for a rabbit
how mix its way back to feminism because
honestly that's pretty much my like also
I disagree with a lot of people who say
that she can't not be a feminist because
she's female because I've met a lot of
women who do not call themselves
families and you lot of women you really
definitely in feminism anyway I have to
finish now because our people aren't to
talk to the sky and because there are
things i have to subdue my story my
friend is driving crazy and she's
driving you crazy doesn't every video
madness I can't see otherwise
