hi guys Kelly's not here sorry to
disappoint it's just me and she's still
at the gathering we had a lot of fun
Alex I did I had to come home robot
loads to do as always you know wouldn't
be me if I didn't have lose to do and
but actually I wanted to talk to you
about something that I was a part of a
cover of weeks ago I'm don't know if
love you remember it's the young
citizens action agenda event thing that
was before question time so it was a
really great event and it was really
cool and one thing that happened is that
the beginning I was interviewed i was
asked three questions and those three
everyone's answers to those three
questions are up on YouTube right now an
account called youtube.com forward slash
BTW better world UK i but link over
there I kind of just wanted to link to
it because like I wish I'd answered some
of the things everyone said and it's
really great to hear everyone's we use
and can't really I'm their only
subscriber and I think it's like a
really really great it was a really
great idea to ask everyone those
questions because even though there are
so many people who got a chance to ask
in the actual question time event and
that was really good they're not people
who didn't and I cannot people have
views on things you know little things
they just wanted to address it's really
nice to see of the spectrum of people's
what's the word let their worries with
people's minds and things in there and
and and young people's views on like the
political situation in life the moment
and I don't be cool maybe as well if you
guys made video responses to some of
them I don't know I think it'd be really
nice idea and because there we can just
if even if you live in London or if you
don't because the questions are all
about the mayor boris johnson and things
in the news and stuff and if you don't
maybe substitute like the mayor of your
town or like the prime minister or
President or one arc of your country the
choice to kind of thing too if they
could change one thing what would it be
etc etc but this is a response to one of
the videos
and if you're just yeah youtube.com
forward slash BTW better world UK it'd
be really cool to see what some of you
guys come up with um that's me over now
I'm probably good make a video some
other time as well my person we actually
download which is that it was this like
the one of the best days of my life I'm
not even kidding and I was weeping and
then I was like for one of the first
people to stand up to give them
innovation of like standing up and
crying sobbing things like that better I
do that all the details another point
I've got some really annoying footage
which I've taken side raise I've got a
very small amount footage from the
gathering and what I'm sure you'll find
a lot of stuff that online and I've got
a lot to dinner so I'm gonna go right
bye guys youtube com full / BTW better
world UK thomas in my days
