oh hello to wednesday it is Wednesday I
feel bad that I didn't actually make me
that you say but you are having fun at
school yes I went to Rosie had a school
today it was great fun but they had like
three assemblies which I don't know we
have been hoping up to I don't know the
second one was really interesting it was
like speech giving the public speaking
competition to find we're all very
interesting therefore God wanted
perfection on me it was born listen aunt
they got ability 10 yeah yeah notice
your thought okay dad yeah those were
good if our school so much more
academically inclined than mine I feel
so just stupid we welcome ladies evilish
socially people who recognize me there
are people on your school than what it
was aust Ashcroft's is what a little bit
she ran up three flights of stairs to
get a pen in life and vigor yeah that
was cool this identity it is very well
but in a tire hmm oh well guess you talk
well I get oh yeah say I'm saying
something oh I um I'll get my dress
batavus
and she's already made plenty of
exciting questions okay all of which ER
doctor who related because she's in
Britain that's what we do okay first of
all this is very awesome you may
remember this episode the satan pit they
had say to me ya mina huh fellas helmet
take off and then i have doctor and his
jacket and martha boo and her get in her
jacket but she's almost always my jacket
and and then the master and yell
anything you're in same thing yeah yeah
quite like I quite like it I think it
looks cool ya think it looks hip now the
pocket box I think we should wear that
to town oh yes okay would you still be
our friends if we wore this to terminus
comment and tell us can I be Johnson no
little man Derek techno cool i'll be
back and then it could be done soon
annotated well be i'll be her you'll be
rose yeah i'll be either of these three
actually i'll be worries i'll be him I
think I should go to terminus in this
yeah yeah I should I just I just get
like a fire extinguisher like I guys
doing some dry eyes yeah by the way
everyone here is making fun of me
because I talk funny yeah older friend
was a wet culinary artery that's what
it's just a thing up house and yeah
American but it unless you oh nice a
culinary before you take high now
coronary artery he ain't got colored on
the mind maybe or maybe cooking a
college I dresses like a victory when I
have cookies we've done I have to
I'll show you this ok second's pleasure
thanks yeah esme exciting there's a
doctor who store here that I'm really
excited about by the way I wish I can't
find on the map but it's not the one in
East Ham before you say no you can
probably have its plane going by right
now yeah I didn't have sex mm-hmm I'm
really i send me I'm an optimist yeah
these are the only makes it must go
higher for sure ones which I've got that
I have made their mate what's behind me
yeah but it's all about looking at them
nothing like a look Harry space is on my
muffin is you have to have that it's
like that is a direct available thank
you much time with my friends you're
like you make koi and is it is sexual I
say my friends I'm including myself of
it yeah it's like anyone do in your endo
oh yes none of my shine I'm showing
Schumacher oh yeah I would you mind
about taking street have any more their
legs and eggs Oh have you talked about
your t-shirts I haven't but I don't know
how much i should say about men's room
but there were the one reason or another
good eatin a sleaze gucci saves the one
team and I like the dinosaur t-shirt
that I yeah the t-shirt they had that
New York bikes as a friend and my
prehistoric love t-shirt and my eye
heart dies a teacher moving after a
basic video comment obsessional and they
all this one shots like this one which
says keep the battles on the dance floor
yeah which is very separatists and in
tutorials I all we do my fingers like
dance would be very badly but we love it
it's true I got a little on video
yeah yeah I've got quite a bit of stuff
on video I'm not too much but hopefully
I'll be getting a lot more so should I
be gathering but I don't have internet
on my computer here so we're using road
system at house yeah we have a good
Apple Mac am so that'll all be done
afterwards my god it's my family's
production post production phase product
I'm just getting ready to go into the
film business uh I got bug yeah I never
checked my skin never changes color
they've got ready but you can't meet as
much only chance it yeah we're now
starting to turn and then it can be
happy because like I made you loving
know when she went to Brighton yeah when
she was in grayton i went to london with
Tom and made it was so much fun yeah add
video about that Tom rafting Tom mutters
mutters I'm furious gonna be a long
fellow who's Annette like sticks and
open it huh this like you ever looks bad
I don't know why don't we end it now so
we end it now then if we have more in
top rap you can go down differently and
put our the other Bruce and champ
exactly and also I have oh no I would
you want share one thing because he got
a lot of sharpies they have the one off
but and I love but you haven't took the
brown one Catherine Jacob Braman
catastrophe you came to her and I was
being around people i also gave her half
of my my rap and i gave her a diet cake
because i'm just so damn nice seriously
ok here my head that's true I pretty gay
my hospitality is like 500,000 I wonder
what's asked Miss Georgia and was that
the end vm allen zealand a long Xia mom
zoo even mrs. stone of going with jon
spector but you eventually
