I've come over all gangster now with my
hood yeah I want to talk about a
slightly more serious topic now aged
Bundy debate which is going on in the UK
right now I don't know how many of you
are aware of it it's like that you know
very much affects the book trade and
like anyone really involved in a book
trade in any way that's authors
publishers booksellers etc but it's a
big thing the UK publishers quite a lot
of them are basically say that what they
want to do is take books any book the
web would sell to children put a sticker
on it saying the designated age so it
would have a book for sale like six plus
i had a circle it's a eight plus of my +
10 + 14 plus the way you get when he got
like Richard and Judy books I am very
unhappy about it and for a number of
reasons first off on us out said in it
there are some amazing books in like
junior fiction that I still read which
books you know go in the 8 to 12 section
books which I would happily recommend to
a nine or 18 year old and I would read
them and I loved him I still love them
but when I was ten when I was 12 or even
when I was 13 I wouldn't read a book if
it's at seven loss on it why would I do
that do you want to read things that
push you and make you feel advanced but
you do that in different ways you know
you find enjoyment from different
sources and kids are going to stop
reading if they see they're gonna stop
reading books that they enjoy if they
see that it's got a sudden plastic on it
cuz they're gonna be like of course I'm
gonna be like know what it would have
read this it's too childish for me it's
absolutely ridiculous furthermore the
biggest point that I have to make is
that they're doing this for the
supermarket culture where supermarkets
who have lots of money are trying to
squeeze in every possible shop into one
big supermarket I mean see Tesco Extra
see any Sainsbury's see I which was not
so much but like big as de as well I
mean we saw happened with harry porter
when they try to get away with not
paying the problem money and blue
like Mitch please you know you have to
pay but mobile supermarkets and
Woolworths and so on I tried to sell
books at cheap funding prices and people
want this but obviously there's so much
demand for them you know book so cheap
but the point of putting the aged man
Yvonne is so that people can go to the
bookshop say that's book is it suitable
for a trip oh it's got the right sticker
you know if you want to know what age
group you book your reading is for if
you want to know whether it's suitable
for your kid or your brother or yourself
go into a bookstore with people who
actually read books know what they're
talking about just ask anyone I'm sorry
that the advice is gonna be so much
better I'm not even say this just a walk
in a bookshop I'm just sick this is
ridiculous it's this is gonna drive out
independent booksellers which already
you know pretty scarce as it is let
alone children's independent booksellers
and furthermore this is even going to be
worse full no boosters and so on who are
gonna have to compete with the
supermarket and is awful so the authors
it's awful because it's cutting out
readerships and it's insulting to them
because another thing that pissed me off
about this is that the authors won't
even notified in advance they found it
with a general press you know at least
tell the authors that this is going to
happen and there's a furious man I know
Philip Pullman's angry and a big group
of waters have started up this and this
website where anyone can sign it
basically an equal sign is sort
petitions to say look this isn't
acceptable we're not happy with this so
on Emily even my manager she gets like
all these notifications and these
minutes from the meetings that they
attempt i think it's like it's over
2,000 strong people must've names have
signed up you name or the famous officer
i mean j Rowling herself a signed out
it's just matters so much guys I can't
explain it it's appalling I mean I know
it might be helpful immediately to a
parent who's like crap what do I get my
charger we'd the best thing to do is to
go to a bookseller and talk about what
the child is ready to enjoyed with them
and find a book that is suitable for
their reading ability because if you
don't if you go with this generic 7 plus
8 plus idea then
they can get books that they hate they
got to get books they get special
promotions just for the sake of the
publisher trying to promote their book
rather than you know rather than a book
which is actually generally good that's
what's going to happen like people only
go by bestsellers from supermarkets and
it's going to be a sickening it's good
to be horrible it's gonna be absolutely
atrocious coach book salads ask them for
advice but okay I know you got a certain
amount of expertise or no independent
bookseller that you don't get in the
bigger chains but even than being a
change moremore or hiring specialists
like children's book specialists that is
like that to help up because they know
that this is why people come to book
shops out because I need to advise that
there macking in supermarkets where
someone will tell you you know where the
next harry potter is the same with in a
time where the cheeses it's not right
it's it's really not right and it makes
me really really angry other people will
say yeah I get what you're saying
resented but aren't you really for young
adult books and you know isn't that kind
of hypocritical if you're ready in two
young adult books and you're saying that
there's not enough of a young adult
market because truly a harlot market is
as a as someone put it in an article
while gay surely a younger market is
isolating else and saying you can't read
everything in the adult market but no
there should not wanted to do the other
market meet I sure to give this the Arab
market needs to have more emphasis on it
in the UK because it needs to show that
really matters the teenagers and the
great thing is that there are so many
authors up there who are thinking now
that the target audience is teenager
because before it would have been I'm
sure it would have been child or adult
or but now its young I don't and young
adult doesn't just mean teenager you
know you're adil it's like anything from
thousand fourteen to a light or even 12
I don't think I don't have described it
like about 12 till about twenties
thirties and anyone of any age could
enjoy it and it's not there's not saying
you have to be h plus to enjoy this book
or if you're 14 and you're reading
this book and it says 12 plus Rudy with
those two charge which is a problem but
Richard and Judy in general i mean i
don't okay whatever they got laser
people reading but they get people
really and then they stick fucking edge
banding on the books like what is this
well its cognitive edge banding is not
something which is a comfortable it
should not be acceptable invest the
money you're going to invest publishers
and actually promoting the books because
that's what you're supposed to do you're
not supposed to be I hate this idea I
mean I know I know feasibly for authors
to be funded but books to be able to be
produced you need money but the
publishers are just going after the
supermarkets and they're going after
everything that will absolutely destroy
the book industry and it really upsets
me though we've all day is coming keep
an eye open all your comment about this
in there or am there
