I should really invest in a massive neon
sign with the word absolute a total
idiot because I've just spent the past
seven minutes talking to a camera but
it's an exact record this video comes in
for possibly more parts because as usual
I haven't really thought about what the
hell I'm gonna say but hey that's the
fun of it
part one reason why I haven't made a
video in ages school that's really going
to throw swimming generally I just
commit myself too much but I really want
to do really really really really well
this year and a personal statement draft
my four teachers asked them in on one
day even they're like I'm gonna be the
only bus and perhaps my friend Emily as
well to hand listen because we've just
literally seemed to be the only people
doing it but it's good to have it done
and I'm a geek so I wouldn't be able to
not have it done and I'm basically you
person segment cousin you Castform it's
about you know where you love your
subject where you want to study that
subject from University for me that
subject is obviously English literature
or Q 300 in the oxford course me I sat
down I just wrote everything I felt and
I wrote about like how I chose to
studies everything
problem was that when I checked the word
count and the characters with spaces was
7,000 you were announced a maximum for
4000 so that kind of sucked so I went
back now it's something like three
thousand nine hundred and ninety four
characters with spaces I've literally
just prompted it which is a shame
because I love my original essay about
it and I've kept it and I think once
I've applied to all my universities and
get everything back and I gave a couple
of movie or something and then I'll put
that issue up somewhere because it's
really I felt like for a change I
actually managed to sort of put to words
why I love reading so much and I'd love
to share that because it was great but
now we've got you know the final passive
statement which is here which mentions
all well inviting Shakespeare Karen and
doffing them we've got mentions of
things like the school for scandal
market boy ed quiz the metamorphosis
Lady of Shalott Tennyson in general
ordering Christina Rossetti Invictus by
W Henley Rosa Marquez got loads of kamau
got a chocolate thereby asked SQL in
there and got Sadie smith white teeth
I read you one sendeth which is the
following recently out I have enjoyed
works by contemporary American novelists
such as Jonathan Safran Foer and John
Green would you read it to you I don't
know why everybody I want to but yes
we've just been kind of manic at the
moment we are doing those in English
just warrior two stuff it's lazily just
loads and those background reading and
what was spoken to us about heroes which
is by Steven McDonald and is the front
friendship or so soon and Wilfred Owen
so that could should be interesting I've
got like oh like what it did you see
there you have like ideas of war poetry
and things which is great I've just got
loads and loads and loads and loads of
books read most of which I'm gonna get
other library because I might be able to
afford to have them all then in
philosophy I'm reading j/s mill on
Liberty I read his first chapter and
then I've gone back to reading another
bit and I don't know it's you know it's
for my synoptic which is the resin ship
between the individual and society
compare and contrast and evaluate mill
and Plato
so we're reading the Republic as well
when I get through the morrow let you
know you know what I think I blame my
course - today is a great day because
I've got loads of bran books and I
didn't even need to pay for them I
didn't steal them their books are going
to be useful for school I don't know how
to say this
the aileth in my pants to general and
his labyrinth in my pants which I've
read in Spanish but and I want to do my
Spanish almost no my Spanish course what
God told you as much of course not
possibly about this book and how closely
it ties in with the actual historical
scene on one of our kind of thing and
hope to help if I could read it in
English as well and it's just such I
find this copper I think of as gorgeous
I love this color like the Wonder hand
the Spanish was at this pretty cheap
ugly color cover cover braving world in
my pants crime and punishment in my
pants these are great little areas they
are 100% recycled paper and you although
I was talking with someone in the
bookshop and
I've got this one today and you know how
like different translations are cheaper
books obviously don't have as good
translation I love these because they're
100% recycled paper and they're all I
think two pounds one of them and you
know if it's tight might be with it
lease more and the paper might not be of
the best quality so you can't like
highlight anything and I sort of like to
highlight things depending well
depending on the book you know yeah
depending on the damn it spinach there's
so good and none of the color as well
you need the green is really nice I've
got quite a few of them the blind
assassin in my pants pretty impressive
to kind of get into my pants if they're
blind by Margaret Atwood that one is I
justified this one because apparently it
talks about 20th century and 20th
century includes you know war so
basically that can help with my synoptic
and also my English teacher like
smuggler at word and I haven't read
anything by her I have one book by her
which I still haven't do I have I don't
know I might have a book by her which I
still haven't got around to reading
along with my big pile of books but I
have to have to have the right book it
has to grab me in and quite it's quite
hard to get but that's grabbing me at
MoMA cos just a bit I need to be grabbed
at the beginning and a lot of books of
things do that right now this is my
friend YouTube user Celia ten it's her
favorite book it's chrome yellow by
Aldous Huxley and again you know any any
reason as good as any I suppose you know
because because it was written and well
published rather in 1921 it will have
some sort of influence from the whole
man kind of thing that's my
justification for anything which in
every time oh sorry chrome yellow in my
pants and also another thing that I
bought today is this dress which I've
been wearing and you know I need to sort
out a little bit a little bit the straps
are it long but I really like it anyway
it kind of is all eyes in Wonderland and
Wendy at the same time
but we've been spending money on clothes
recently and it was ten pounds from H&M
and I was really tired I had a long week
so I thought that it was a fine
investment if you ask me
part three I'm finding it really hard to
put into words how excited I am but the
return of a certain character in Doctor
Who tomorrow and if you still don't know
who that certain character is I would
close what it is right now close your
eyes close everything
yeah long-dead work before M before
doctor here in part 4 I want to talk
about a book that I read I think I feel
it would be half we go week ago I didn't
even though now time is just this kind
of always changing
craziness cycle there um at the moment I
can't really think I feel up who's gonna
say but I'm I want to give a quick
review of JTP
with no spoilers and never gonna move on
to a very spoiler as then I reveal what
happens at the end kind of bit I warned
you before the truth but yeah
and the first you know it was I have to
say in general as a book I really liked
it but a lot of people tell me that
reading all her books is kind of like
reading the same book again and again
and again and I feel like I'm kind of
having read this book I'm kind of
satisfied with her I feel like I can
guess what she would write in the other
book so she is the north were two to
date but I know when I don't feel like
reading another one but it's not that it
was a bad book it was a questionably
good book which I was on now into my
because I can't talk about this pit
without talk about the ending so if you
haven't read this book then stop
watching now I got so close to the end
of book and I loved the whole thing up
until the very end because you know the
guide well up this sense of you you
cross the barriers of right and wrong
there was it just right and wrong you
didn't really know and that was what
made it great there was this whole
dilemma right
what's the right thing to do and they're
multiple magister to hell even though i
didn't feel very much sympathy for the
mother i felt sympathy but everyone else
the only reason that doing for some
thief the mother was probably because
i've never been her mother the end when
she how car and also just assume that
the other ones you know it's - it was
fairy tale but it was crap fairy tale in
which steals it is completely avoided a
conclusion it was just an absolute
cop-out and I was really frustrated I
was really annoyed that's what made it
fascinating you know the debate of what
was gonna happen was she's gonna choose
what was she gonna do then G and MPI
just decided not to make that decision
she just said I know it's such a hit
ruin car guess he's gonna sick kidney
which is all very well and I mean I'm
all for the very talented just make it
realistic and this wasn't realistic or
well not even realistic just it was kind
of it all easy which was a bit of shame
because the whole rest of it I
absolutely loved
