I'm now moving on to deontological
ethics such as kantianism the
ontological normative theory kantianism
says that you should do your duty
ie what you are obliged to do your
obligation irrespective of your desires
or Consequences you should apply rule
whatever the consequences are because
it's the right thing to do in itself do
something because it's right it's called
a pure motive or intention if you're
doing something for the buzz of helping
people then it's not moral it's selfish
teachers of morality always confuse
young people as they always said that
you'll get something good out of it I if
you do an extracurricular activity like
help you I don't know old people's home
you can put that on your new cast for to
be moral it says can't you have to be
able to reason because you have to be
able to work out what the moral thing to
do is to then know what the right thing
to do is and ignore it is to be immoral
extrinsic reasons such as being good to
impress someone is also wrong an
imperative is something that you must do
a moral commandment there are two types
of imperatives hypothetical and
categorical imperatives categorical are
the only right ones if it's not
categorical then it's not moral but it's
also not immoral only categorical
imperatives are moral hypothetical
imperatives are if you do something
linked if it results in something but
the antecedent foster consequent
sometimes the if clause is not explicit
so it won't always be if you want to get
an A grade then you must make lots of
videos on YouTube for example don't you
that biscuit could implicitly say if you
eat that biscuit you will get fat
phrases such as honesty is the best
quality suggests that you're considering
what's gonna give you the best advantage
which you come to the conclusion is
honesty anyone who wants to reach heaven
should follow this God's law is
hypothetical because it includes a
benefit even situations such as I have
seen someone fall over I feel
sympathetic to their situation I want to
go and help them is hypothetical you
were helping teach your feelings and
sympathy not because it's writing itself
finally things such as you really ought
to get to school in time suggests bad
consequences if you don't
categorical imperatives are you do
something because it's right and not
because of the results such as do not
tell lies the Ten Commandments are a
deontological categorical list while
utilitarianism is an empirical theory
based on the experience of what makes us
happy categorical is rationally based on
reason
a priori morality which is right simply
because it is the meta ethical part of
kantianism is distinguishing what is
categorical and what is hypothetical by
looking at our language Kant is trying
to show us how all the hypothetical
imperatives have got to be non moral and
all the categorical ones have got to be
moral but back to the normative stuff
how to discover what Kant feels is
rightful wrong which rule or principle
is applicable to the moral situation
that I'm in you've got to be autonomous
or self brooding you cannot say God told
you to do something if it goes wrong
cannot be heteronomous as reasoning is
essential only creatures with the
ability to reason could be moral or
immoral Kant calls categorical
imperative Maxim's the principles I live
by the kind of lifestyle I lead to rules
I live by and so on a maxim is not
inherited but a created world to fit the
situation of attire meant to work it out
one must know the supreme principle of
morality which he calls the categorical
imperative
also known as a universalizability
principle that's a mouthful which
essentially asks if a rule can be
universalized
when you're in a moral situation with a
dilemma or try to universalize it and in
doing so you are trying to universalize
the maxim if you try to universalize
maxim and you can't do it this is due to
some inconsistency so don't do it
you may ask how do i universalizing
maxim well there are three formulations
all equal to each other you could apply
any of the three you know what to do but
you do not have to satisfy all three the
first formulation is the formulation of
universal law and this is a quotation we
can't act oh no that Maxim through which
you can at the same time well that it
should become a universal law so act as
if your Maxim words become something
like a law of gravity or the fact that
everyone dies it must be acceptable for
anyone in your situation to do the same
things you what if everyone did what
you're about to do anyone in that
situation would have to accept what
you're about to do this formula is
intended to be a test from that sins
which we are intending to act upon the
fundamental idea is that one should not
make an exception for oneself and moral
matters if I'm willing to do some more
on that then I have to be waiting for
others to do it maybe to me so I must be
able to universalize it it won't work if
it's not Universal or you're an
exception not because there are bad
consequences but because there's a
contradiction for example all lying is
wrong but I can lie to a woman too still
money cannot both be held if everyone is
moral a con man who does not get away
with conning people if everyone was not
world then we could not rely on people
telling the truth therefore a common
wouldn't it succeed and the whole
definition of core man would just
disappear into a black hole
everyone small to me but I'm not more to
them is a contradiction
it can't be universalized when something
can't be universalized it must be
incoherent the incoherent or
contradiction can take two forms the
first form is a contradiction in
conception there are three ways this
could happen there's the logical this is
when you want incompatible things such
as when I'm a moment of awkwardness I
like to get out of it me will evolve but
anyone in the moment of openness can
light out of the situation but this
won't happen without a context of shared
trust so the maximum implies a logical
misconception the second problem is
teleological there would be no purpose
and the third practical whether or not
something would practically work the
second is contradiction in the world so
you're not really sure what you want to
do the second formulation is the
formulation of humanity again can't
answer in such a way that you always
treat humanity whether in your own
person or in the person of any other
never simply as a means but always at
the same time as an end if you're using
someone simply as a means it's not moral
because you're not treating them as an
end in themselves if you ask the
question to someone you expect them to
tell the truth but if you do not tell
them the truth yourself this is not
moral as you are not giving them rights
or it's respecting them as an end
do not use anyone only as a means the
third formulation is the formulation of
the kingdom of ends every rational being
must so act as if he were through his
Maxim's always a lawmaking member in the
universal Kingdom of Emmons the
universal kingdom of ends as a kind of
utopia where everyone treats everyone
else as autonomous and an end in
themselves the democracy you would be
perfect as the perfect laws would have
applied to all one should always think
of oneself as a rational or making
individual of that utopia making the
laws equal for everyone thus if you do
something for an impure motive it is non
moral if you actually choose not to do
something pure and choose a hypothetical
imperative it is an immoral choice
something is permissible if it's
universal izybelle
