hi everyone so we're back to revision
videos I've had three exams so far
Spanish was okay not wonderful geography
was appalling the most painful thing in
my entire life because the glacis paper
was like torture and the third one was
English which I had today which was you
know the paper that I thought I was no
fire really hard was he not easier but
was went better than I thought and the
people that I thought was gonna find
easier I didn't think the essay was
fantastic so hit the BET Hip it balances
out into a nice big a high expectations
so my next and last exam is philosophy
and that's when friday and there was a
lot to learn about philosophy check him
out I had to learn photography you take
the amount that I had tonight English
then times it by about 500 and then you
still haven't got as much as I hike a
leopard and philosophy so I'm gonna get
some more videos so if you don't like
them stop now don't leave me in comments
stop stop watching these are watching
stop stop now thank you my friend is
annoying me all the time down there self
with ethics which basically attempts to
answer the question what auto dude there
are three types of ethics there's
normative ethics applied ethics which is
day-to-day kind of Drive Emma's that we
make in our conscious mind and met
ethics which discusses the nature of
concepts such as what's good or bad and
and what do we mean when we say good or
bad we think of these in our
subconscious minds first you must start
with normative ethics and when I start
with something called consequentialism
the only thing that we started in
consequentialism was utilitarianism so
I'm going to talk about that
utilitarians basically believe that
people's ultimate point is happiness
this connection to human nature is why
their theory must be white the theory is
Terry illogical which means that there
is an end or purpose as in we should do
X because there is an end or purpose to
it believes strongly an impartial ality
and egalitarianism so the happiness of
any one person cannot be more or less
important than the happiness of another
person and of course it's a
consequentialist theory which means that
one must act to secure the best
consequences there are few criticisms of
this immediately first there is the main
problem with justice an innocent person
being punished me make a lot of people
happy but there's something about it
that just doesn't seem right then
there's a problem with obligations and
promises can you go back on a promise
just to please more people is that
justified
and then the whole consequentialist idea
is also difficult but it's hard to
recognize what the consequences of the
situation will be I mean there are loads
of examples of these websites splitting
the atom for example did not have the
best consequences when you make a
decision you probably make it because
you think it's the right decision but
you never understand the full extent of
that decision and surely intention is a
big part of that decision making process
and whether or not your decision is
valid but utilitarians don't really take
that into account then there's a
situation called Jim and the Indians
which is referred to a lot through
philosophy as a guy called Bernard
Williams who posed that there's a
traveler who generally comes across this
South American town in that town there
is a captain and soldier pointing a gun
at 20 people who have lined up against a
wall 20 Native Americans Jim some
supposed to scene asked what happening
and the captain says that these people
of protesters and that the captain is
going to kill them all because this will
stop other people from protesting the
captain says as your travel gym i'll
give you this great opportunity you can
kill one of them because you've got that
honor and then I'll free all the other
ones or if Jim doesn't agree and he'll
just kill them all anyway so um what
what Jim to do should he kill one person
saving all these other lives or kill
know people and lead to the consequence
of everyone dying cuz the questions
would probably say you should kill one
person but it matters to gym whether or
not he kills one person thus with each
return ism there is a very big problem
with integrity the main interest Arian
theory is classic utilitarianism which
is called hedonic utilitarianism or
direct or act this is the theory that
one should always act to maximize
happiness or minimize unhappiness of
those affected by one's actions the
hedonic side a bit is that classical
utilitarians complete happiness can be
attained by pleasure and they believe
that we cope in a moral dilemma by
assessing every act in terms of its
consequences without concerning
ourselves with any other apps that we
have done in the past all with intention
this relies strongly on the idea of
commencer ability which is when two
things can become compared in terms of
the same units and concepts and so on
and hedonism
and it means devotion to pleasure you to
know Terrans believe that humans always
motivated to champagne and pursuit
pleasure this guy called Bentham thought
that will subconsciously to come to the
greatest happiness principle the
principle of utility we use something
called the philosophy couplets to
calculate the level of pleasure and the
level of happiness that will come from
an action we consider the intensity the
duration the fecundity which is the
chance the pleasure producing other
pleasures the extent so how many people
effects the purity the chance for
pleasure producing pain or the pain
producing pleasure the certainty that it
will result in pleasure and their
property how long you have to wait for
that pleasure there are some criticisms
about this because there's a lot
difficulty in assigning clear value for
things such as duration I mean how do
you know how long it's gonna last you
rate them all out of 10 but what do you
do when things come out equally also
Bentham says that this should be used
for moral decisions but as a
consequentialist surely everything is
more choice and if it's not all the more
choice how is it more decision unless
you're aware that it was as the greatest
happiness pretzel until the greatest
happiness principle has been used so
basically if the greatest happiness
principle to travis's our moral how
could something be a moral dilemma until
you will use the greatest happiness
principle specific calculus because that
doesn't make sense there are some good
things about classical utilitarianism
though there is no appeal to religion or
religious thought or entities this is
secular so it can apply to all people it
has that direct connection with human
nature and it seems common sensical but
just because it is common sensical does
this mean that it's a good or a bad
thing it's a guy tarian and reaching
people equally is something that's
become increasingly important in our
society it's also concerned with
well-being in its attempt to get
everyone to achieve happiness so there's
a purpose to it finally is a decision
procedure it helps people make decisions
with every guy dilemmas everyday
dilemmas in their life in case I had a
quick break for the apprentice oh my
gosh reef is gone but I'm still voting
team Alex some criticisms of classical
utilitarianism a big criticism because
it attacks the foundation of classical
utilitarianism essentially is the train
that humans are in pursuit of pleasure
not pain
humours pursue things that aren't
necessarily pleasurable like they forced
their children to go to school sometimes
when you know kid isn't necessarily
enjoying it to read character because
they feel like would you give them an
education when if the taught even if the
child is it necessarily enjoying it so
they claimed that humans are in pursuit
of pleasure not pain isn't always
accurate the impartiality aspect of it
doesn't seem realistic it doesn't seem
in keeping with human nature is putting
your friends and family or loved ones
alongside others and treating equally
really plausible I mean if a god man was
holding a gun to a stranger's head into
a family member's head would which one
would you pick to save I mean it doesn't
seem to be have a connection to human
nature at all it also takes into account
no other emotions such as guilt it only
takes into account pleasure and
happiness and then in terms of happiness
itself to be happy you don't necessarily
have to be enjoying yourself some would
say that monks for example and seem to
have that kind of zone and focus because
they didn't have any distractions and
that's where true contentment lies
finally what makes you happy isn't
always what there for you if you enjoy
drinking coke all the time like I do
then that's great but you're going to
wat your teeth and then that's not very
good for you but there are some other
branches on you to meet Arianism such as
welfare utilitarianism which makes
decisions based on your best interest or
preference between terrorism which asks
you what we'll what you prefer I rather
than what will give you pleasure
