hi everyone it's a brand-new day sunday
it's 92 what my Spanish exempt for
that's terrifying I'm going to continue
with the glacis video so for the time
being just a reminder to people in case
you haven't read the first video
description or the description on the
playlist I've now made for my a s
revision videos these videos aren't
meant to be the most interesting things
in the world and you don't have to watch
them by any means there and they are
just revision and facts for me and for
help of you know there are few people
out there as well who are doing that is
geography and you know they're known is
interested black glasses they can find
out a bit more now as well so you're not
supposed to find them interesting so
they'll good videos ish good videos
normal videos will come back in about a
week so come back one like friday
evening what's my exams are all done and
my life has returned to me okay today
it's preview glacial landforms resulting
from glacial erosion quarantine armchair
shaped hollow found high in the mountain
with steep sides and the steep back for
the diameter of aquarius from point five
kilometers to one kilometer the depth of
the back walls from 100 meters to 400
meters and the angle of the back wall is
from 60 to 90 degrees so it can actually
be vertical in some parts the formation
of a quarry starts off the same as grey
sea lice it starts off as a snow patch
the innovation happens in a mountain
hollow normally north-facing again
because the sun is on the south-facing
slope so it allows the snow to build up
without being melted down there's no
buildup is compacted and then due to
gravity the vascular moves down by
rotational movement like a rotational
flow resulting in a lip at the front of
the quarry as less erosion and curse
blacking will also occur at the back
wall and freeze thaw will loosen all the
rocks on the back wall as well abrasion
actually deep as the quarry and quarries
are evidence of glacial activity an
example of a quarry is a client you know
how to pronounce this Lin edible
absolute completely wrong in not
snowdonia Wales the quarries may contain
a lake moon and Tom after the Ice Age
the quarry melts and melt watch was
trapped behind the lip of the quarry for
me a really small moment I really small
small lake an example is after thorne to
make in North Cascades USA own arete is
a narrow knife-edge ridge where two
Coreys haven't rotated back to back the
length is about two kilometers and the
height can be from 50 to 700 meters it
happens when the back walls of Cory have
been avoided so far back by plucking and
weathered serve Broadway freeze-thaw
that only a narrow bridge separates them
here's another name i can say an example
is Mount Katahdin USA a pyramidal peak
is a sharp summit with steep slopes on
at least three sides it may happen where
three or more quarries are rated by
plucking and weathered by Freese
thoughts so far back that they produce a
rat's for the pyramidal peak in between
the mountain would have to be a very
high altitude all very cold for some
other reason because Korres usually form
on North facing slips away from the Sun
an example is the Matterhorn in Austria
ribbon lakes performed thousands of
years ago during the Ice Age through
glaciation a river lake is a large
narrow Lake occupying a new shaped
valley they are long and narrow
finger-shaped Lakes formation ok serious
for a valley creating a glacial trough
and the valley will contain alternating
bands of hard and soft bed rock abrasion
by sharp edge boulders carried and on
the bottom of the Gracia is quicker and
more efficient at the soft rock than at
the Hard Rock so a basin is created we
call this hollow a rock basin on either
side of the rock basin the more
resistant rock is worked at less and
these outcrops of hard rock owners rock
bar NAT as damned between which ring
water meant cumulate after the retreat
of the Ice Age filling up the hollow or
the rock basin and forming a ribbon lake
a river lake nasser phone behind a
terminal or recessional moraine which
also acts as dance allowing rain water
and water to accumulate behind another
method of formation is if their trip
received a co jobs and mango co at the
increase in power will create a trough
which is filled with water from the
river or mouth or just create a river
make examples include make Windemere and
water which are both at the Lake
District UK a misfit stream is a river
flowing through a u-shaped valley it
meanders through the wide flat u-shaped
valley floor it's called a misfit stream
to signify that the river didn't
actually create the valley vent flows
through as they form the valley after
glaciation had carved up the u-shaped
valley the shape of the valley also may
be inconsistent with the shape of the
valley of a valley that has been eroded
by water so that's a new shape vs avicii
and generally a valley is expected to be
in proportion with the stream that
occupies it when a period of rotation
modifies the landscape by creating
glacial troughs the rivers that occupy
the valley up did the glacier has
retreated aren't in proportion with the
size of the valley given the size of
most glacial troughs most of them
contain misfits dreams misfit stream can
be identified on an ordnance survey map
by a blue line flowing across a white
valley floor examples include riffic
Fidel in Wales and Minnesota River in
Canada crag entails soft rock in front
of hard rock is easily eroded by the
Garcia through the processes of abrasion
and plucking the hydropower is more
resistant to such a rodent leading to
the soft rock soft rock after time
becoming lower than the hard rock so
that the hard rock protrudes above the
surrounding layers forming a crack the
hard rock is not only more as a
situation but shields the soft rock
behind it from the power the gases
erosional force thus creating the tail
Krogan tails are quite big they're from
one kilometer 27 kilometers long and 20
to 50 meters high famous examples
include edinburgh castle where the
castle is actually in the crack and
craggy tales tend to be larger than
washing richness which I drove up next
with a downslope in the direction of ice
globe because what the hard rock
protecting the soft rock as opposed to
in the opposite direction so the hard
rock is like you aren't touching my soft
rock man Glacia that's the last time I
will say these things why do they come
up my mouth why why I wash me today is a
small bed rock hill typically eroded by
glacial erosion on the uphill side with
steep cliffs on the downhill slide
orientation can indicate the direction
of ice movement as they usually run
parallel to the ice flow from which they
were formed surface of the granite can
sometimes still preserve the striations
in the rock and they are much smaller
than ground health they are from 1 to 10
meters high and 3 to 30 meters
long the abraded upslope called estas
side and the pluck truly side of rush
which may require there to a previously
benthic fast-moving and sliding I
streams in meltwater the ice masses that
progressively shaped bed rock hill were
woolen base with the ice of the glacier
bed above its pressure melting point
informations are more complicated than
craig and tell it's a variation in
vertical flip pressure exerted by the
Gracia it's more intense from estas site
which leads to abrasion and less intense
on the lease site needs a plucky for
shattering would also occur most famous
example is doing Central Park's USA that
easily recognizable there they share the
striations on the book surface am an
outline form is a copper coal not really
much to say about it's basically a
depression of the woodshed created by
glacial erosion so it's a gap in the
mountain century
