having been kind of inspired by hank
version of these i thought it was time
to bring back the pigtails and yes i do
realize i look about five you talk about
glacial activity and i'm gonna start
with the weathering and erosion there
are a couple of fundamental things that
was awry in erosion that you have to
remember first is that water expands by
nine percent when it freezes and that's
really important for everything related
to grace's the second thing is that a
lot of the erosion would even happen
we're not the process of vast shattering
and for shattering happens when wood
enters a crack in a large bulk of rock
when it freezes and then expands by nine
percent strain and pressure is applied
onto the rock until eventually after
many many years rock itself will break
apart and this weather drop feeds all
the processes of illusion dilatation
crash release also called stress and
loading is another form of weathering
after you've had loads and loads of
years before shattering a lot of rock is
lost from the surface of any given mass
pressure is released on the underlying
layers which allows this guy's to expand
due to the recent oppression because of
all the rocks they've been a Porsche at
it to the rock looks like it's peeling
and this is because rock doesn't have
elastic properties so it can't thank
since it just cracks brushed chattering
provides a material that allows the
process of abrasion to a car which is a
process of erosion abrasion is works in
similar way as it does in rivers it's
all aware of like drainage basins in
general and stuff basically it's this
time a sandpapering effect driven by the
movement and the weight of glacial ice
in this hair is going to annoy me on the
whole it produces smooth surfaces but it
can also if there's a bit off the bottom
and it kind of scraped along a bottom of
the observation and it scrapes longer
the bed it can produce striations which
are kind of a scar and the rock which
indicate the direction of ice float that
sort of very useful when you're trying
to work out which direction the ice
floes loan was flowing now I in the
other video I mentioned the process
modulation and this is really important
in the original process called clucking
clucking is basically when a Garcia
freezes
outcrops of rocky outcrops it's just a
word for loosing rock and then pulls the
rock out of the ground as the greater
advances down the valley or quarry as
the groceries go on its happy weight
just freezes all these elusive box this
can only happen if fresh and melted
water or regular water is present in
order for it to refreeze around the
outcrops there's a regulation is like
the refrozen mouth or chest then loosen
material also needs to be present
obviously and will have been loosened
thanks to again for shattering or
pressure release of dilatation stress on
loading clucking creates a very jagged
and uneven surface and it's usually
present on the side of things like craig
and tail which you will find out in a
little while what they are if you don't
know already I've already talked quite a
bit about extending and compression flow
but just to reiterate the original
effects of that when the eye scans
aren't there's less pressure and
regulation occurs around the loose rock
outcrops and the same ones plucking and
as the grecia advances the rock is
pulled from the surface and that's
extension flow for compression flow the
ice mass increases as its courses
together leading to increased pressure
on the rock surface dead previously
clutch material has which is going along
the bottom of the glacier has an
abrasive effect on the surface again
possibly leading to striations aversion
and rotational flow the frost shattering
and claire's at the most exposed rock
which is most likely to do so it's going
to happen from like above and all around
this surface and the plucking claire's
at a release of pressure which is
extension obviously that less pressure
is exerted the base you're settled in
rotation effects are to rotate around
like an imaginary pivot point abrasion
world Kylie ice masses greatest and the
most force is being applied so that's
usually at the top I think we're
accumulation is occurring next up we've
got land forms of deposition and this is
going to take me all night I had to
break for Doctor Who a mystery and
Agatha Christie my reviews up on TARDIS
tacular
