hi everyone why are you getting a video
from me over here you asked when clearly
i should be revising well i'm actually
been quite good to say i went to school
voluntarily and did losophy division
before and after my general studies
society politics and economy exam which
i think went quite well i hope it would
and in the comments um i think about a
week ago was linked someone said that i
should do some revision to the camera
i'm actually wanted to work a little bit
on carol ann duffy the world's wife so i
thought i do a couple of meetings from
it I think you let you help me as well
if I you know be really beynon which is
back and hear how it sounds in terms of
you know what Duffy is trying to achieve
and that's my disguise for reading
poetry aloud isn't me good excuse I
think so dude Nagisa a suspicion a doubt
a jealousy grew in my mind which had the
hairs on my head too filthy snakes as
they're my thoughts hissed and spat on
my sculpt by brides bread salad stunk in
the great bags of my lungs and foul
mouth now felt hummed yellow found their
billet tears in my eyes are you
terrified be terrified it's you I love
perfect man Greek god made but I know
you'll go betray me straight from home
say best by far for me if you were stone
advanced at a buzzing be a dark gray
pebble fell to the ground a glass such a
singing bird a handful of dusty gravel
sputtered down I looked at his ginger
cat a house brick shattered a bowl of
milk and looked at a snuffing pick a
boulder rolled in the heap of I
stared in the mirror love gone bad
showed me oh Gordon I stared at a dragon
by a spewed from the mouth of mountain
and here you come with a shield for a
heart and sword for a tongue and your
girls your girls wasn't a beautiful
wasn't a fragrant and young look at me
now and this is probably my favorite of
the more humorous once it's called mrs.
Darwin seventh of April 1852 went to the
zoo I said to him something about that
chimpanzee over there reminds me of you
mrs. beast these myths going round these
legends fairy tales I'll put them
straight so when you stare into my face
helen's face Cleopatra's queen of
Sheba's Juliet's then deeper gaze into
my eyes Nefertiti's Mona Lisa's gobblers
eyes think again there is a moment's let
her shining silver talent to rub salt
into that sinking wound got up and
walked in agony and fishnet tights stood
up and smiled warts or for a prince for
a pretty boy a charming one who dumped
her in the end Tucker threw her
overboard I could have told her no
clubbish and men are bastards when their
princes what you want to do is find
yourself a beast the sex is better
myself I came to the house of the beefs
no longer girl knowing my own mind my
own gold stashed in the bank might own a
black horse at the gates ready to carry
me off at one wrong word one false move
one daddy look but the Beast fell to his
knees at the door to kiss make love with
his mongrel lips good showed by the
tears in his bloodshot eyes that he knew
he was blessed it better didn't try to
conceal his erection size of the mules
best the Beast watch me open decanted
quaff a bottle of Chateau Margaux 50 for
the year of my birth before he lifted a
poor I'll tell me more stretch of his
misery and shout and his corduroys he
steered his pelt ugly as sin he had the
grunts the groans the yelps the breath
of the goat I had the language girls the
lady says do this harder the lady says
do that faster the lady says that's not
where I meant at last at all made sense
the pig in my bed was invited and if his
snout and waters fouled my dark sheets
wide then he'd wash them twice meantime
here was his horrid leather tongue to
scare him between my toes here where his
hook to me yellowing claws to pick my
nose if I wanted that will to scratch my
back should have bled here wasn't
Bullock's head to sing off-key i will
night where I couldn't hear here was a
bit of him like a horse a ram an April
wolf or dog a donkey dragon dinosaur
need i say more on my pokemons the Beast
kept out of sight we're a high school
toughest all of us beautiful and
rich the woman who married a minor tall
Goldilocks the bride of the bed is
lesbian friar yellow dwarf
at one I watched his wonderful woman
shuffle and deal five and seven card
stud Sidewinder hold on draw I watched
them bat and raisin call one night I had
to head to him from yellow dwarf and
beard inspired was over the biggest pot
I'd seen in my puff that brow had the
queen of clubs in the bays and bid at
the Queen of Spades final cards queens
each fry really raised bearded raised
Goldilocks eyes were glued to the pot as
their porridge bubbled that the minor
told what if let us thinking to root me
I noticed the frowns hand sugar she
placed her tips they'd had raised her
final time instead stead so hard he fell
to address with mouse if she blinked I
held my breath for our yellow swallowed
hard then cooled sure enough bidded
flipped her aces over diamonds hearts
the pubic ace of spades and that was a
lesson that by all of us the drop-dead
gorgeous bride of the bed of lesbian
didn't plot but behind you two player
stood a line of ghosts unable to win Eve
hospital Marilyn Monroe Rapunzel / and
world lit her hair Bessie Smith unloved
and down and out Bluebeard's wife Henry
the eighth's Snow White cutting the day
she left the Seven Dwarfs Diana Princess
of Wales the cheapest piece came in with
a tray of snaps at the end of the game
and we stood for toast fay wray then
tossed our favorite drinks to the back
of our crimson throat bad girls serious
ladies morning how dead so I was hard on
the Beast when all use when I wish
upstairs there's tragic girls in my head
toughing him out of bed standing alone
on the balcony the Knights of cold
record taste the stars look tip of my
tongue and I made a prayer stunning my
pearls the tears of Mary one by one like
a rosary words for the loss the captive
beautiful the wife says less fortunate
than we the mood was hanmer a breed of a
queen my breath was a chiffon scarf or a
neat elegant ghost I turned to go back
inside bring me the Beast of the night
bring me the wine cellar key that the
less loving one be me this next one is
probably my favorite one in the whole
collection that's called Anne Hathaway
and other top to have a quotation from
Shakespeare's well which says item i
give unto my wife my second-best bed the
bed we loved in was a spinning world of
forests
castles torchlight clifftops sees where
he would dive for pearls my lover's
words were shooting stars which felt
asked his kisses on these lips my body
now a softer rhyme to his now echo
assonance his touch a verb dancing in
the central renown some nights I dreamed
he'd written me the bed a page beneath
his white his hands romance and drama
played by touched by sent by taste in
the other bed the best our guests dozed
on dribbling their pros my living
laughing love I hold him in the car seat
of my widows head as he held me upon
that next best bread next time
fallacious
