so we're following some clips i just
found from when i reach came over in
december and they're pretty random so I
didn't like yeah raw no that's just this
is creepy ideally it's just everything
I've got choking what am i doing like
enough so good yeah we know over there
then you can see inside of it yeah it's
been a story upset nursery school okay
well hello hello this is Rita I think I
know huh ah this is really funny that's
weird it's just too is too weird why is
it suddenly so awkward we just sit here
and watch The Princess Diaries which we
love we love and we wish there wasn't a
second no cuz does it down through the
second there is talking about it doesn't
exist that's true there's no so shitting
ends of the battery have orientation if
it does feel really weird if assigned in
it's like you're being watched and stuff
and you've been observed yes hello
YouTube would you really I went up to
London to pick me up from her visa in
front of which by the way they was
murdered to hear i think i died i think
something I was something to do with
like um that was he shocked or something
yeah I think know they had a fight or
something and he got um knocked out or
something and that he died on the street
who's quite morbid he's nice we walked
up to it and they had a forensic I think
they had a police line at least had
proof that the lease is do forensic
investigation and Tom go excited it's
like CSI oh yeah yeah ok it's funny how
late it sounds like you'll stay in a
really dodgy hotel it's like sheraton
cackling pardoning news for 17
I have a dream a lot people yet with the
pot bring all right no you have say
yesterday listen kick is recording 238
maybe we might have another round of
footage while Rosie is doing something
else I think that you should vote for
Hillary 2000-2008 election may be like
actually goes the culture goat I just oh
I just I'm just I just feel so good
today I'm just on my arms you're on my
hand just stretching out something's oh
god just ah I guess that's it a
wonderful morning huh I can't seem to
shake us pose-off just feel so happy oh
I'm think this and what I woman oh good
well alright
that is all better that's that's intense
that's like it though you look ugly then
I made a mess one for like some kind of
maths day which I making myself and like
a scam I was like nine something that's
funny go to a detention and this was all
like stuff in our school my handwriting
will say wait yeah and all deal of money
and dice what makes you different makes
you beautiful dude get it luckily I
don't know call are the Mayfair's marks
but that was second game oh wait no
that's a real weight I hate this one you
can fight w this rita and Kings Cross I
never realize that can trust was on you
I just realized how much I really
elevated in English Monopoly board
because it's just close enough remind it
yourself cut I'll go to the next time
you come I thought this a community
channel yeah like what YouTube is taking
milk you free so there yes yourself in
stages so this is what the last video in
the world as it is we're super display
oh we took matzah Spencer and go back
don't even talk to Marcus I'm back from
that store it's ridiculous and I noticed
you really hadn't did you maybe
have you can't talk either man I'm
really tired i think the coke come for
this convo fat reverse effect on Rosie's
mother made us a really nice place for
lunch it was like green pesto and we
didn't get to go to Kew Gardens even
though Christ be did see why what I went
to Rosie bookstore but she's so often
her first two other videos she spent so
much time at and it's amazing slaving
iberica shammies dog just with bits
winbot and there and also next something
you can use my stuff diskin twenty-five
percent ah that's a really good stuff
does yeah sweetie i still be know how
many books that wouldn't be startin fuck
mrs. like present rate Oh shooting pains
I don't know arena sorry finish this
video just let it shit yeah this is
about bye
love you Rita
