it's making my last video books I have
read include the history of love by
nicole krauss which was the book i
shared in my cup over the years ago read
together retard nine age reminders this
book to me and I think it's one of her
favorite books of all time in the world
had to show it to you but I was so
excited about it I started talking about
it at school they've now lent it to
someone with the promise of lending it
to someone else and it's coming for the
spiral into this whole history of love
everywhere spreading the that's really
cool I just loved it I they reminded me
so much of extremely loud and incredibly
close but it was beyond that it was
better it was just the way I thought but
kind of more intelligent and it was it
was great insight and I I loved it I
actually loved and then I found out
later do reading that Nicole Krabs who
wrote it that she was an if she still is
but she was at some point the partner of
jonathan safran foer who wrote it's
really loud and incredibly close that's
really cool but yeah so the other book
I've been reading is drama rama and
mighty lockhart which you join cover did
a couple of videos back as well they
didn't publish anything apart from the
boyfriend s in the boyhood here which
our hip would change because they should
publish more books right now i really
enjoyed it was great as it was like nice
different style of writing van the
boyfriend lives in the boyhood month ago
as i do all that but it was great to
hear the voice felt like a different
character which does that really well
another book I read was the red necklace
that was kind of more to help me up at
work because it's like a new title and
that's kind of me 10 12 plus age range
it was really happy took quite a while
to get started and i'm not big you know
i would have liked to see more of a few
of the characters but in general it was
brilliant and i loved it French
Revolution some of that was
plus i'm going to pass i like'em two
months so actually really cool to see
quick one down from videos from ages ago
so much to tell you was awesome book c4
brilliant before I die was quite good
not as amazing as I expected to be quite
good that's rude I didn't get through
love and a cold climate and shadow of
the wind because I had to give much the
library I am reading and what somebody's
heart of darkness right now it's like
this teeny tiny little bugger take me
forever to get through because the
details is just like whoa my head's in
that horrible quickly a stage where it
doesn't stay up by its own accord but-
hangs out after side whatever i moved
over here because that's what the rest
of my books up I'm in the middle of a
middle of citing moved from a Baptist up
food and loathing by Betsy Lana that my
sister's keeper by Judith pick up
eyewitness travel guide to Chicago
terminus is so on someone like you by
sarah dessen the white teeth by zadie
smith three Nicholas Sparks book 45
pounds I haven't read anything by him so
I don't bow you know it's five pounds
like less than price of one book I might
as well buy 3 i'm at first sight The
Guardian truly but this was really good
it's kind of like not good in the
conventional book way but it was really
interesting to see where he gets his
ideas from and some books like fight
club and yeah the stories that people
have and just his introduction about
writing is incredible i think you should
fire or really an eviction only for the
introduction if you're someone who likes
to write or if you like to think about
horses as well so yeah nobody speaks of
remarkable things it's kind of my
objective to get all this booze free
classic physical please Bree 20 as the
kind of things the 21st anniversary
beautiful eyes gently with all of these
editions so I wanted to get the whole by
real that's solely through hardships and
yeah John McGregor if nobody speaks with
Michael things it look quite interesting
I confidence that the consu gardener by
drumma car car a rather 30 Smith of
media haven't read any notice many thing
with the rose a RC of the truth about
forever which I know is already have
published and
everywhere else but not only became an
enigma I love the Harris Virginia Woolf
three guineas and a roll of one's own
George Orwell homage to catalonia the
princessin captain which I've kind of
started kind of not but I just I really
let the cover that's really pretty
thread shadowy but Ellen bounce which
was my friends and mums but can it was
actually really good and its really and
I really do okay so I've got a lot to
read kimi busy other books that i read
recently maximum ride re sorry eyes and
it's got better cult following
especially for people and a chief who
was like read it read it in my friends
and stuff i really don't like it I don't
think they're going person right very
well from the girl's point of view from
like a random mutants point of view from
a young person's point of view I real I
don't know maybe i'm just weird but I
didn't like it to be honest an
anticlimax was such a nine-to-five max
it was just like a kind of to be
continued down Sean type this book is
for commercial use I am writing sole
purpose to write another book and that
drives me kind of the same love to give
the hated my so-called life hated
Cassandra sister which was really sad it
was such a letdown after angel monster
which I absolutely love girl missing is
the overbrook I have never actually
finished because I really couldn't stand
it sorry John Green you're everywhere
everywhere in other news so the assembly
on the last step time and they have like
two different template quite quite a
while you know with all due respect and
there's this new scheme that they're
putting into my school will be jack
petchey Achievement Award which is I
think has been going on in other schools
in the London area um but I think we've
quite yeah just started it and what
happens is that people in the school
nominate people do they think
have achieved in some way or yeah I'm
giving some coefficients this goes away
and I was sitting in assembly and i'm
still so long and listen to them talk
about this girl who amazingly so I think
she's in the lower school so she's um in
the age range and singh 11 to 13 or
something like that but even was
incredible and she saw the channel and
you raise money for rehabilitation
whether the English Channel other to him
again in front and she raised money for
and rehabilitation after spinal injuries
I think is what I'm understand what room
they were reading on and about the next
person they said she's a low 62 involved
a lot in extracurricular activities how
about some sorry sporting when it is
Michael my mind's like reading up on
these possibilities and they like her
young enterprise inkwell and question
time and then I'm still completely
completely unaware until they said to
single-handedly started up scalise paper
and then my mouth right for about five
minutes and so on keeping back of the
chair Mike me in the back and they know
we're friends are tying around again i
have a friend only did that as well and
I was just like this matter smart i felt
like i was about to cry though because
then i read my name and I was just like
this mixture oh my god and what if I
done to deserve this and this is
incredible so I come shakily stood up
like what pause my head to be a public
function I'm gonna fall know everyone
I'm gonna falls out my face and then
they start crying would be really
embarrassing so trying to like walk
straight other thing just concentrating
on my feet so not round possibly sevens
and I went to the stage ship hand and
wipe it off drafting stay behind
afterwards so you can tell you about
what to do with 350 pounds that you get
to spend some around the school so that
was just really cool I'm still smiling
about
just yeah I mean it's Lila not mystical
I actually love it I mean I haven't
Alaric's about it sometimes but I
genuinely believe this with us call the
world and so yeah it's really great to
be kind of recognized by the people in
it and they too if you had any part in
doing that and yeah doesn't person happy
and remember other books that i have
read what it sounds like recently
