hey guys so woke up this morning pull
back my curtains and I saw this boat can
you see it look at all that's nice I
think it's down to the antecedent
rainfall or something ja graphical that
is not actually Seth lengths to wet
which is a bit of a chain but it's like
it's so lovely to see it it's just this
massive kind of blizzard of snow like
yay April as well I think April's the
month of snow now in England cuz I
remember its name April last year so
anyway I was going to tell you a little
bit about the fat diet and shut up you
can it possibly be my parents got me to
call this easter egg in the world um
it's a dark and it kind of looks in the
dalek shape and i can't bring myself to
open it because it's just so beautiful
and okay strikes terror into everyone
top so I've been looking forward to
eating at some point and i'll be keeping
this for myself and just exterminating
everyone wow i just put it down slightly
exterminating and then either has also
got me a different TARDIS phone with
soft chocolate filled this and holly
milk chocolates face so that looks like
it will be eaten very soon and you know
i work in the bookshop and then you you
know lots of facts have comment recently
and brought their kids and grandparents
and stuff and books instead of easter
eggs or as well as Easter eggs rather
and Isabella I amicus got 10 easter eggs
Heaney and spoke as well so I got home
with that yes some parents buy because
easter egg by the kids books Newsarama
Rama but you look are actually arrived
with these funny shape this is something
you can't get in the UK so that's really
cool and am I also got Rita will be
happy about this mystery of love by
nicole krauss so I'm looking over there
I won't look really this I'm going to be
really looking forward I'm really
looking forward to reading these wisely
English serve Adams snow just too
exciting in a minute I'll do me a
myself can my sisters all right and
also owe me 20 days church and then lots
family coming over and yeah so much talk
to it anyone watched tortured and I
record it tomorrow never dies and pride
and prejudice the new version yesterday
so for the rich doses weaponry
