I'll let you in on a little secret I
pretty much suck reasons why I sack I
still haven't made 500 video even though
I'm 10 subscribers away from 700 my plan
was to write every single one first I
kind of subscribes name on this t-shirt
but as you can see there quite a few of
you but of course it can help that i've
been up to my minnie mouse ears and
stuff today recentiy why I sock I've got
very bad headache it kind of feels as my
facebook status says like I have an
elephant stomping it above my head and I
be able to continue punching me from
side to side it feels horrible i'm not
entirely sure why it might be like sleep
deprivation or something but oh my head
feels pretty crap I meaning wearing
Mickey Mouse's probably doesn't help
very much since it's my side of mad but
I don't care I'm trying to make myself
feel cherry and smiley so I'm trying to
bjs smiley this what took office off the
shop she's a hologram of the contractor
ebuddy and of harry and one which goes
into her money doesn't work so i put it
to midnight don't know why another
reason why i said i haven't done half
the things i was supposed to be this
weekend it's been a pretty crazy weekend
for I don't know haven't was shattered
don't watch the children need when the
first bet it was adjusted as usual but
and absolutely love it's a time crash
children need special and yeah with
Peter Davison and David Tennant being
funny with their decorative vegetable I
really enjoyed it and I love tube at the
end where David Allen again showed his
mad skills and as an actor with his you
were my daughter I thought really tell
you feed you my doctor likes in re on my
history something really weird the party
is different it's like curtains um yes
another reason why I start because
because I haven't spoken nothing about
my DVD this arrived on Monday it was
here for me when I got in from school
it's like because shiny is i'm sure i
love you have already seen like videos
people from the UK being like hey us we
got it first but everybody is a
fantastic for us because we do always
gets exactly which the mine feels like
it's really UK rather way you giving it
to America bastard ours I have to say
the extras one fantastic but I did
really like and noti antennas talk so I
was quite impressed by that and there's
one also correct because I haven't
talked about Saudis time a massive
tennis fan and it's really cool because
look at her lead to bourbon on the shelf
which I've been waiting for four years
the first one in the Jenny trilogy and
leave the Bourbon on the shelf has also
become one of my favorite killer songs
that's really what else is pretty good
know like all there's a really nice
secret track on and the exact new calls
thin white duke remix of mr. brightside
called the captain which is really funny
they did have to have the Abbey Road
version of them Sam's Town which is
brilliant and they're always ones I've
heard before but it's nice to have like
in proper quality or under the gun I
kind of prefer to form that with the
other version that I had somewhere that
was quite good obviously tranquilize
sweet talk is really good Reba Dench at
your love to town I loves kind of
country feel thing and daddy's eyes is
really good I just like the whole thing
it's a brilliant it's really nice i mean
it's not completely new album yeah it's
really nice to have the whole b-sides
and rarities from 2022 2007 that's good
just like wow for years the blood the
cleaners for four years being i have
loads and loads of stuff to do and we're
kind of nervous about it as well because
by my own youtube I have mountains of
schoolwork and mountains of other things
to do as well related to school in other
reason why is up I haven't got past the
last page of this and I really want to
and it's just every time I start we do
it I
asleep I literally I read the first page
and fall asleep because I haven't had
time to reach which is the saddest thing
the world nothing oh the register of
America strike I wanted to walk about a
bit because there's been a lot of them
like myths about it every day a lot of
articles to seem to say oh these guys
are really rich they didn't deserve to
prepare the EPI 200,000 pounds a year
which is the biggest load of crap if you
have asked me I'm sorry I put a link
i'll put a link to a site over here
which tells you i would say is closer to
the truth and about it but it's not fair
the i'm really don't like some kind of
side because it means that laundry helps
which I love my favorite shows and they
won't be able to record anything past
like the halfway mark and because they
don't have the episodes written yet but
I completely understand why has to be
done it's not acceptable that they don't
get recognition and that they're just
basically laying off all their staff on
some of these um evening shows as well
it's like a shame that you support them
I think but that's just me so that's it
just another round blue blog and i now
have completely missed 600 and 700 will
probably be i won't be closer to seven
hundred foot i'm writing real names
there for a reason um cuz i don't want
to remember how cool it is just have all
these people appreciating what you do um
I'm very sorry that I haven't moved to
do adequately just because I've had
absolutely no Tommy this still not
finished loudly laughing and everyone
this is not possible with this just to
scribble someone's name down because you
have to make sure thing it goes through
but every time I write a name I do you
think of do you think of you and shout
outs to sci-fi girl 72 I I subscriber
it's kind of cool so yeah beat you guys
and I did my best respond to comments of
office I don't respond to all of them
because then I would never be able to
make any videos could be busy reading
them but um yeah thank you what do you
mean it that's kind of yeah happening I
don't know when to make these kind of
milestone videos because I could make
them every day like thank you to you and
thank you to all of you for subscribing
I'm gonna go finish somewhat right probe
of the week to some stuff done probably
get to sleep because my head hurts like
wow I had hurts so much
today and i was like 'i wish I dads
anyone watching he was in the school
production of The Sound of Music you
guys were amazing and quite a few of
your songs reduced me to quite an
emotional state and has to be said if
not it is and yeah you look brilliant
brilliant brilliant brilliant so thank
you for that bye
