yeah I mean girls where Lindsay loans
character talks about word woman I keep
having that a lot I keep just blurting
things out on this thing and starting
again because it's rubbish rubbish it's
all right today's even first day of the
dead they added a big deer the dead
thing at school which was really cool
birds we had at primary school children
coming up and going to school and like
their little sombreros and made masks
with them and told them amazed and a
teacher took the Razon and think that
was it and then after that we had cake
sale and weighs 50 pounds for the
Chilean charity charity Lyon school
rather and that was a really good
achievement as well that was a nice
little thing to do and and not another
piece of news is the tales of beedle the
bard which generally has handwritten
seven copies and the whole world ever
and they look so beautiful I one of them
is going for auction at air I do how to
read those summaries so the BSO's be
like I've knowed it but the stars in
crisis 30,000 pounds so I'm thinking I
auction up the house and maybe I might
just be able to hold it I want that book
so much oh but when i get the catalog
off show it off nicely yes the other
thing was that i have to say i know it's
quite an unpopular thing that i am quite
in support of the old Jerry rolling
versus Steven right thing I just know a
cut I can't imagine what it must be like
to have 17 years of work and things that
you choose to reveal to fans things like
illustrations and maps and things that
aren't explicitly stated in the books
and that kind of a natural extracts from
the books have all that published
whether or not by somebody was evidently
worked really hard and has produce a
fantastic website and the net for
someone to do that especially after all
cease and desist letters and
allegedly anyway I just I don't
understand how how I didn't understand
how you can do that really and then to
go and to Warner Brothers as well for
the whole timeline thing it's just kind
of his bit happy protocol lost me I
didn't that's ripe anything but the
general fan living is supporting see if
an ipod while i do think that in this
industry there was a lot of and like big
companies taking advantage of like small
the people in the fat and brandon's and
things i don't think that Joan would
allow it I think that she's proven
herself to be a very grounded person so
the fact that there's that they're suing
Steve and Iraq shows that it something
she's genuinely concerned about and I
don't know in that sense I just
completely support on that I was what
that today's fast I'm getting NaNoWriMo
most people call it nanowrimo I don't
know I don't know I don't know why I
think it's just because in my head it
just hit the previous national novel
writing month and like why writing
writing why and I kind of say read as
good as it gets my national in my
natural brain and inviting realize this
when I got home ah hmm I really need to
start doing that my starting now I'm
quite tired which is always the bad
thing I'm always tired I didn't know how
I'm gonna get 250 dozen worse I got so
close last year I wasn't like 30,000
40,000 words and then at the last minute
I just thought avalanche by things to do
and just did not have time to do it to
my worry this year because I remember
things after school newspaper i have
work every feta cheese i have and your
enterprise i have schoolwork I have so
much it and those which I enjoy because
I hate being
absolutely nothing to do not to mention
the children need with your whichever
links never is approaching and that's
why works weekend on fire nights that
kind of thing since we had big thing
hands UK you need like yeah guy walks
that kindly I'm really don't know what
I'm saying it is just word for me it was
just my brain going with my non-existent
brenham so I'm looking for my browser
seems like me to place my friend
somewhere along the way hmm strictly
come dancing lessons as a vegan Italian
Brendan doesn't big car you bring a fan
I oh I'm so supportive of that time that
Bruno gave because it was fantastic I
mean I understand where they're coming
from but and my friend met committed are
up and getting today Catherine I'm so
jealous and so jealous what else
exciting things are happening many
exciting things have been happening what
else exciting things have been happening
that want me to tell you now that's a
different question yeah engineer
Horowitz is to you signing at the
bookshop I woke up Rosetta that's the
only kind of like hectic but it's going
fantastic as well she's been really good
and I do new really I've got lots off to
do so i might just stop this video now
why is it six minutes long I swear I
haven't been talking how long I'm sorry
I'm sorry if I've let's pray guys away
that I want to watch so I should go
together this is a mention for Holly
also known as diamond Dorothy on Egypt
