I was filming the contribution to care
or where she's known from YouTube care
XX why I love Harry Potter challenge
cool for videos thing um don't figure
single button well there well there that
will tell you where to go to enter that
cuz to really cool idea and how and I
was talking about these books that I
read when I was five years old I was
good for my fifth birthday for my
grandparents cool the famous bike and
they're written by Union button so
they're really quite famous and where
i'm not sure like the things where I am
I'm not sure if he fails where you are
and I got given the hundred years of
enid blyton books or the first fight and
the first private always been my thing I
mean used to get the other I think I
like 30 or something we kept the other
ones out the library but the first five
always always my favorite one as you can
see in these books have been like pretty
well reds is like they were so damaged
and which is a shame because they're
really nice nice additions and basically
the story centers around four kids and
there's dick and in Julian who are
siblings and because they really annoyed
because they can't visit and I think's
policy so they usually go every summer
and their parents emblem to Karen Bay
which is where their cousin Georgina
relax be called George lives she has
this dog called tint so that makes up
five them and dozens little island just
off the coast of Karen bay and that's
like basically where the first one
begins is like it's an island adventure
classic and register we I mean I never
read spies and amazon so that kind of
thing this was my first treasure island
fun story needs at these of good stories
like enlighten complete genius seriously
i mean but i was thinking i don't know
if they rewritten today because my
favorite character means books was the
girl like the girly girl but not George
it was goes on
it was also because she was always so
practical she she was one who took the
cookie I'm thinking lunches so cliche
and she's my scared and things but these
days I don't think I don't know if
you'll get homes like that anymore
because people are too scared of
stereotyping room nine hmm something
else really cool is that and someone
went out to evaluate this club and I was
lucky enough to get to go to the high
water mark in its premiere but he posted
it through my dog I was like he posted
all the nice shiny from me a ticket
leave what look odeon and much shinier
than mine and we'll see and and then I'm
so you've got left not too good to be
after party and his sister got to take
pictures with Dan and Rupert and Helena
Bonham Carter so that's it if you must
leave it yeah look good same rice so no
now look here you read much it to the
party which is here no it's really nice
and that was really cool to get this is
going to go off the wall quite too apart
from that as usual again we haven't
thing to say um yeah I'm i'll leave that
see you when i next get to walk everyone
goodbye 16 on wednesday
