hi guys I'm really sorry that I haven't
kept up with this whole puttered a thing
I'm just really bad at she because I've
been doing it for what like two days I
did one so yeah basically I've just been
so busy and I get home and I'd like mess
about on my Nintendo of which i have
completed now seventy-eight percent but
I find quite it to absolutely impossible
and have not managed to complete put it
whatever but yeah basically I've just
been completely shattered so I haven't
really had time but of course yeah there
was a premiere last she said the
european premiere of harry potter and
the order the feeling to my great
disappointment unfortunately I did not
get handed tickets by the any police
women or men to add this time so I
didn't actually get to see it which is
basically we have the last time and so
go blow fire i was standing rat run back
to my great disappointment unfortunately
I did not get handed tickets by the any
police women or men today and this time
so I didn't actually get to see it which
is basically what happened last time so
go blow fire I was standing at Robert so
it's her book and I was just chatting
the police woman and I was like on the
very outside it wasn't even Leicester
Square and she was like well you know
what film when I was like um yes and so
she could win tickets that was really
cool but no not this time this time i
arrived at about four-thirty through no
fault of mine because i had work
experience up to you like that what up
to four and it takes about half now
because tillman like 15 minutes ago to
the station and sounds whole confusion
that was like oh because by the time I
got there it was really really yeah it
just gently late and there was like no
where they weren't letting anyone in as
well and like a heavy sprinkle blattner
and she was like well we can I
last time that's how like a pseudo have
bishops like caramel I just say that
you're my brother my sister and you're
stuck outside and I really care we've
got separated and I mean if you had
touched boobs they're right nope we're
not having of that so yeah that didn't
happen say that was really annoying and
basically I saw nothing I was standing
in the outside freezing cold in the
middle of a thunderstorm I saw
absolutely nothing I saw the back of JK
Rowling's head I saw never Watson as
well no Daniel Radcliffe no Evanna Lynch
no I did see what grant after but yeah
it's basically a sucked I praise because
they have these is not even like they
had gates but you could see through he
had gates and then they had covering on
the gates I was like this is supposed to
be an experience for fans here and you
just kind of like limit it to people and
it's like what so annoying cuz I was
like there was no way that I could take
the day off so yeah annoying um yeah but
basically look I was chatting with this
woman and I was like on the very outside
it wasn't even Leicester Square and she
was like well do you know what film when
I was like um yes and so she got me
tickets that was pretty cool but no not
this time this time i arrived in about 4
30 through no mine because i had
work experience up to you like that what
up to 4 and it takes about half an hour
because someone like 15 minutes ago to
the station I sounds whole confusion I
was like oh because by the time I got
there it was really really yeah it just
gently late and there was like no where
they weren't letting anyone in as well
and like a headaches wrinkled Lesnar and
she was like well we cannot last tiny
that's her like her too dude however
bishops like ha well I'll just say that
you're my brother my sister and your
yeah you're stuck outside and I really
care we've got separated and we touched
boobs they're right nope well know how
you know that's a yeah that didn't
happen say that was really annoying and
basically I saw nothing I was standing
in the outside freezing cold in the
middle
of a thunderstorm I saw absolutely
nothing I saw the back of JK Rowling's
head I saw never Watson I saw no Daniel
Radcliffe no Evanna Lynch no I did you
book went after but yeah it's basically
a sucked my praise because they have
these is that even like they had gates
but you could see through that gate and
then they had covering on the guys I was
like this is supposed to be an
experience for fans here and you just
kind of like limit it to people and it's
like what I'm so annoying cuz I was like
there was no way that I could take the
day off so yeah annoying uh yeah but
basically I went before i got into
basically um David Helen was there and
how did he not let me know this David
Tennant David Tennant a david tennant
same academic a standing around cliff
and every watson and rupert grint like
understand them not like informing me
and coming over to me and greeting me
especially but david tennant isn't even
in this film he should have made
allowances he should have come over to
me I've been like hi I know that you
were in like the woody bad blaze and
you're getting really wet but like can I
like give you my friend a bug yeah that
would've been cool yeah i was quite mad
after that I was I was pretty much going
saying cuz the thing with like Jeremy
and stuff is like she is such an idol of
mine that it would be my world history
and Siva have a conversation with her
the david tennant although he is and
he's an idol of mine I do admire him
anything anyone can quite work up to
like he's he's admire him in a different
way and whilst air has been like some
time I since I'm Stefan I've kind of
well six enough already kind of
relatively like going to name David him
it's working things in the past like
three years or something but it's it's
made a really big impact on me
I'd never said wait but yeah so yeah not
to mention the fact that I didn't see
Dad I'm already fat at all so that was
really annoying and but anyhow we are
basically from there we went to vm
leaking rug which was the podcast from
the site Billy conclusion and the
broadcast from like a site mugglenet
yeah he drove together and did like
everything egl so that was cool and that
was nice we didn't get as much time as i
would have liked and like all the
questions that i was going to ask to
completely fill out my head and yet
that's kind of annoying what about that
but then i went back to divert mia and
it will a lot less people there but so
quite for you i would say about imagine
a 200 300 um idea no dividend but
however apart from seeing Helena Bonham
Carter which I did and she was really
flies like she chose like this year
school I love her I love I love the way
she was dressed just choose amazing
she's really cool oh yeah anyhow apart
from that we spot somebody in a gold
dress walking to her car and I go oh my
god it's joe rolling and then it was aa
and it was really cool and then she got
in her car I was like I was cuz like
until the very last moment I was like oh
no she's so close and she's not even
gonna like see you in here and I just I
just wanted to kind of acknowledge me
he's like I've seen her face she's like
two meters away from me that is how
she's like chow job and then he's a
gentleman prayer moment of silence
please she waved back Joe no has just
acknowledged that i exist in the world
life is good
