hi guys and it's Rosanna and as I recall
this there are 23 days 8 hours 49
minutes and 9 seconds until the release
of harry potter and the deathly hallows
and it's come so quickly and it's scary
and exciting and kind of upsetting at
the same time because as good as the end
video and yeah I'll kind of parents
about it but basically what i'm going to
do starting on sunday which is the first
of july which is helpful to month i'm
going to start vlogging every day and
maybe every other day and it may depress
how busy I just for a few minutes just
keep you updated on the extreme mental
anguish and joy I will be going through
you through these few weeks of intense
Harris potterton starting on sunday of
course because that's where there's they
love into brown auditions and I was
called which it brings a real experience
something really great 30 and nothing
it's pretty cool is that for my birthday
for my 16th birthday my parents are
booked and three tickets to go to the
imax they are maximum at a male in
London to go see a power port in the
order of the phoenix and big screens so
that'd be really cool that's that's a
really good secretive but of course i'm
already seen like lifting building in
signs with loads of different people and
that's for the Americans and many other
stupid amount of countries it's in 13
days and like eight hours or something
and for me it's in 14 days yeah how is
that fair I'm sorry harry potter comes
from America does it look don't know no
no Harry Potter actually news flash
comes from England and well great
britain sorry to offend anyone if i'm
being up by saying
this comes of that with my jean but yeah
I'm quite annoyed by that as are many
photographs from the UK but yeah not not
happy I don't care if there's time
difference we don't have midnight
openings we have to wait until like
similar open at like 1230 to watch them
but new megawatts at first not impressed
when brothers you know I didn't care
about your money Slayers have the film
on the 11th eat yeah today's also the
day ly blessed it down as prime minister
and turn that responsibility over to go
around something like that I don't know
if I'm entirely happy with but we'll see
at least here has a passion for the job
I yes but I didn't know after having
spent two-thirds my life Beatles under
Blair anymore my kind of conscious life
feeling being by that I'm scared
basically I'm quite scared that bad I'm
ever really sad because I think teacher
did really good job I think we gave him
too much he got a lot of kind of yeah he
didn't deserve what he got basically I
think he did a lot better job than some
people say and he did a lot better job
there something would have done with his
position he just made if he mistakes but
he did them with conviction and yes
basically and other than that not much
is going on i start work experience at a
book publishers on monday which one
really really excited about because yeah
writings thing i want to do so it would
help for me to learn everything about
the industry that I would do anything to
be a part of and so I'm really excited
about that and although it doesn't mean
I have to buy it like two weeks travel
cot
Rasmus has been known oh I had a harry
potter party and suddenly gave me a cake
from Sainsbury's which M has david
tennant on it and the TARDIS and it's a
nice cake it's real nice cake so yeah as
you can see by this little bit from here
it's pretty much all gone now apart from
like one piece of blue icing see good
there's David Tennant all right now I'm
reading Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury
which is a brilliant book I really do it
I recommend it 21 cause mixing brilliant
brilliant points about like our state of
society in the way that we withdraw from
books and shorten things and condense
things of it's easier for us to
understand so that we can offend those
people and so yeah it's easier access
and it's just easy for everyone to get
low life its so-called idea of peace and
things and it just makes a really good
point then it's really prophetic because
it was written in a written so it was
written in 1953 will not written that
was published 9053 and it's kind of the
same 1984 thing is not very big but for
750 pages are so kind of really biggest
texts so yeah you should remove that
it's good good what to read one last
thing I was going to say on a more
serious note I guess is the the work of
the HP alliance which is kind of it's a
group started up by one of the members
of a wizard-rock them drinking my voice
and it's basically saying then we are
such a massive body / of fans that we
can actually make a change make a
difference in something that we don't
agree with which i think is perfectly
accurate because there are so many of us
and the like to be distant you're
watching this because your head was
finals
did you know some will do is hire good
fan but the HP alliance basically saying
things like writing letters and just
voicing your opinion on things just
because you can and just to use that
food and speech that we're also lucky to
have in these countries which is
basically why I'm able to talk to you
right now and and it's really easy like
I mean watching like you see something
about writing write a letter to your
politician you're like oh well you know
that could be quite easy and then you
never do but I am I myself work to some
of the future candidates for the
president air for the yeah the future
presidents of the united states of
america and i wrote to just like the
Republican candidates are really easy
like email like thank you for reading
take the time to read this can you
please watch this video about Darfur and
and I'd really appreciate it if you
could hold your message to the candidate
you're representing like one thing and I
got a reply from it just takes one I
just got a reply from one of them is
like yeah I've liked us and some fine I
put it off in our forums full to
increase awareness and it's great and I
think yeah I think you should all visit
that I'm just trying make a difference
hopefully I've got like scrolling along
the bottom here or maybe it will bottom
here the address I always going away
it's just comment or something on my
video and I can always liked you as well
and just join the forwards and its
really great it's a great kind of
atmosphere people just we are this big
kind of body weight from which power
love exposed my heart of rock kind of
thing yeah perrin cutters but if we make
a difference just because we got I don't
see it soon
I think we should take every opportunity
to do so on which note i leave you I'm
happy counting down how your damn happy
started work experience happy job going
to happy school going for ya whether
have have fun until I Stellos done until
I next see you guys and hopefully I need
Prime Minister right now effectively
will miss you bro goodbye
