hi everyone so alia this vlogmas i made
a video about how i'm trying to become a
more ethical citizen of this planet
especially when it comes to consumption
and ways i'm trying to implement that
into my life and long-lasting
sustainable ways but also be honest
about my shortcomings because as you
know I love organization in order to
feel a little bit more informed about
the places where I can improve I'm going
to be performing a series of audits over
videos also it's tax season so I'm on
Brad today I'm going to be auditing my
period I'm also going to be talking
about sinks which is badass period proof
underwear from a badass intersectional
feminist company run by badass
intersectional feminist and I tried them
for the first time just this week while
I was on my period yes a heavy flow
before you asked especially you boys and
I really loved him I had a conversation
with a friend of mine this morning about
them and she asked me whether or not I
was accepting the job at QVC just gonna
take that as hype ratings but apologies
if at any moment that sounds like an
infomercial it is not intended to be but
I loved him before I launch into
everything I emailed and they sent me my
personal promo code five dollars off
just for us it's great
I feel very special anyway so how our
period proof pants and living
sustainably living ethically related
well first let's look at the State of
the Union as it was so here are my
drawers of tampons and panty liners my
sanitary product of choice have been
tampons because I've had no success of
the Mitchell Cup despite try at various
times it's not really I'm not a massive
fan of it I have to say I know people
love it and I know it's really good for
planning I just I'm not fast the mean
person up till now have must have been
the best way forward for me feeling
comfortable like that could be really
active and just basically not having to
think about my period while I'm on my
period but firstly not everyone can use
tampons or Metro cups because of the
ways their bodies are built and secondly
tampons are like horror film wasteful
for one look at all the little parts and
packaging that go into one single Tampax
pearl in the US alone 20 million
disposable tampon applicators and pads
are thrown away every single year back
in my home in the UK an estimated 1.5
billion to two billion selected products
are forced down the toilets in Britain
every single year and in addition to
that the Marine Conservation Society
reports that sewage debris which can
include tampons balls or condoms and wet
wipes and so on make up to 6 percent of
Britain's Beach letter which is quite a
lot it's a bit
to admit but up until this very period I
had always flush tampons down the toilet
because I thought that was what was part
of the perks of tampons I didn't know
anything about micro plastics to be
honest I'm still confused but I'm
learning and I'm trying to teach myself
more about that and all the other things
that make tampons really hard to break
down in the storage system and to be
totally honest it was convenient if
you're at a friend's house especially
for that friend as a guy they might not
haven't been there so it's like an easy
way to get rid of a tampon without
having to make a big kerfuffle about
wrapping it in towel and then taking it
into the kitchen bin and hoping no one
looks at it closely when it takes me to
the next part it was discreet and it was
mess free which plays into all of that
shame we have around periods despite
being very pro breaking down the taboo
around periods all of these behaviors I
just talked about play into the idea of
trying to make bleeding invisible even
as someone who's fully aware of the
taboo around periods and the need to
break down that taboo I was still
participating in the further
entrenchment of that shame spiral around
periods there are a hundred percent
cotton biodegradable tampons but they
still can't be flushed down the toilet I
go through about 18 tampons every single
cycle some of those vary in size and I
think there's estimates between 9,000
and 20,000 the number of tampons that
people will throw away during their
lifetime so ultimately tampons not a
great option and for many people with
medical issues not an option at all as I
was wanting a more sustainable period I
also want a more open informed period
where we felt comfortable in three ways
one talking about what we're
experiencing - physically being
comfortable because there are all sorts
of other side effects that go on during
your period and feeling as comfortable
as you can is I think essential to
making your life just a little bit
better
3 and this is not in the order of
importance I think we need to feel
comfortable addressing periods in
relation to global development so three
women founded thanks and in my Stan
Garlin I found this video of two of the
three co-founders discussing with their
parents why they never talked about
periods growing up her father said that
during his childhood in India women were
not allowed to enter the kitchen when
they were on their periods as they were
seen as unclean and his mother would
make all of these allusions to the red
curve so global development when people
feel ashamed or are shamed for being on
their period or usually both of them it
directly affects
country's economy girls you stay home
from school during their periods or
removed entirely or denied an education
I also had a lot of stories about girls
whose parents weren't given education
around periods and menstruation and
Anatomy and so on and thought that when
their child has a period it means that
they've had sex and then the Exile of
them so when I talk about shaving
periods and the idea of being open and
informed it's a global issue it's an
education issue it's a hygiene issue
it's a human rights issue it's an
economic issue and then just to connect
the dots a little bit also a global
development issue is climate change and
sustainability considering our impact on
the planet it's more important than ever
especially because the people who are
most affected by climate change right
now are the world's poorest I'm a
solution driven person and I'm really
excited to see more potential solutions
arise as we break down the period taboo
on a larger scale but also see those
solutions arise for each of us
individually as we break them down for
ourselves so me personally and through
this channel I want to be really
intentional about where I throw my
support and align myself with companies
that are doing good work and going in
the right direction I think so actually
the things that I ordered the other week
they all came in these little packets
they were adorably designed very simply
package wasn't too much packaging talk
so if these are the really sexy ones
these are the high-risk ones I have seen
love they're really soft they're really
comfortable on the inside you can see
like it's not sick at all it's just like
this basically it's lots of different
layers and that have different functions
like moisture wicking which I didn't
know was a thing until I read up about
these each of these have different
amounts of hold up to to tampons worth
and I think the lowest has half of
tampons wise so if you still don't feel
comfortable if you feel like your
periods going to be too heavy for them
you can also wear a cup or a tampon and
just use them as backup these ones are
so comfy I think these are the sporty
ones cuz they've got the nice detail
here one thing I was really worried
about before trying them was whether or
not they stayed dry all day when they
just feel like you're sitting in
something wet and they didn't the tool
which was great they also have them in
beige and I was wondering how the beige
ones would work they've basically just
got this black lining on the inside
honestly like these are the kinds of
technology companies that I'm really
excited about right now I think we
technology sometimes is just computers
and that makes it sort of hard and
distant and it's hard to find humanity
in that it's hard to be excited about
innovation like that even though I'm
also really excited about innovation
like that to be fair I just got so
excited that I hit my blind but I think
the fact that technology can be soft and
comfortable to and lead to an easier
period is incredibly cool especially
when it's from a company that's run by
really cool badass women of color just
making wonderful change and living there
intersectional values throughout the
company on behind the scenes front they
use a family-run manufacturer that's
known for as best-in-class environmental
and social practices and they take funds
from each sale of things and send them
to Africa's which is another really cool
company that is teaching people in
Uganda to make sustainable pants they're
cost-effective reusable made from
high-performance textiles and it's just
like this amazing chain of entrepreneurs
teaching each other and local
communities and Uganda how to sustain
themselves through making this thing
that communities we need so yes maybe
this did come across a little bit like
an infomercial as they call them over
here but I really excited about this I'm
excited that we can talk about possible
solutions together I'm excited to your
thoughts about it your feedback with
you've tried thinks or any other
solutions as well there's a $5 off
discount code which you can find in the
description below their website is
brilliant and that you males are
brilliant - I've been enjoying them so
much unpaid it a few weeks ago I went
all out and bought a full cycle set but
you can just start with one more time
and see how it goes so yes I'll speak to
in the comments and let me know if there
are any other enterprises that you
particularly find inspiring speeches
soon but I don't know all these hand
gestures are I think it's just pure
excitement
