hello everyone and happy project for
also when John and I traveled to Jordan
earlier this year with UNHCR the UN
refugee agency a met Syrian refugees
living in the camps there and in Amman
we heard stories of refugees haunted by
unknowns about where their brothers
sisters children parents school friends
were whether they were safe in Syria
whether they've made it to wherever they
pledged and whether they'd ever see them
again since then I've been routinely
searching the internet for updates about
the kids we met wherever I can find them
I know the issue is bigger exponentially
bigger than them but it's hard not to be
invested in their lives and their
futures
sixteen-year-old to son whose school
back in Syria was bombed during his
English class whose friends were killed
next to him who found updates about who
was alive and not we're looking at
corpses and news photographs and who
told us about learning English in three
months in a zurich camp where he helped
his mother take care of their home with
his little brother has made it to
Germany John and I went to Rockford
Illinois a few months after meeting Alba
Mustafa Mustafa and their family in
urban Jordan to see what their life was
like now here in the Midwest but 80,000
refugees remain in the campus artery
54,000 in Ezra and UNHCR has registered
over 4.8 million Syrian refugees overall
so many of them just want to go home and
they can't because it's not safe because
Aleppo looks like this about 75 thousand
people are still at the burn between
Syria and Jordan where ieader majeeda
and the family had been for four months
right before we met them and where
Amnesty International reports disease
has been absolutely wife as aid workers
have been unable to access the people at
the burn all our bracing for an
extremely cold winter those are some of
the immediate problems the UNHCR is
trying to solve and it's meticulous
registration of refugees coordination of
other charities provision management
account management and so on but they
also help with mental health and
psychosocial support whether that's in
the camps or elsewhere I read a story
recently about an Eritrean mother who's
15 month old daughter was
but in the gas explosion in a Smuggler's
den in Libya 80% of her infant child's
body suffered third-degree burns
including her face as she bruised the
coffee in a clay pot Rahel jumps as the
gas hob later I see the faces of the
people who died and I can't sleep she
said she had to wait until she reached
Italy
days later to get help for her daughter
because she knew that if she went to
hospital in Libya she would be arrested
these are the kinds of choices we've
heard the word crisis so often that it
loses its urgency and refugee crisis is
more political plasticine than a red
flag in the news children make up more
than half 51% of the 20 1.3 million
refugees around the world and their
children vulnerable to trafficking often
ending up in detention facilities those
facilities as the UNHCR pointed out have
a serious negative impact on their
physical and mental house and lifelong
development over the course of 10 days
in May 2015
Indonesian fishermen rescued over 1,800
ethnic or hankey refugees from three
abandoned boats 1,800 this included more
than 500 refugee children roasted his
children were unaccompanied by any
family members because they had been
sent alone because their family members
had drowned the UN refugee agency spoke
to a boy called Yasin who was one of the
kids he was found alone he spoke about
his experience back home and how he
always had to hide on his way to school
if we said we were Muslim he said they
would beat us he was rescued alone his
parents and his little sister dead in
the water and his two little brothers
beneath dead
that was until UNHCR's meticulous
registration that I mentioned earlier
found his brothers on a different Island
and eventually they were all able to
reunite I struggled to repr into words
the scale and kind of difference the UN
refugee agency is making the problems
they're facing and the way
tackling it where we went to the camps
we met people who have to make the
hardest decisions how much electricity
can we afford to supply this month what
can we help and what can we simply not
find the funds to do I'd love us to be
able to help if you'd like to support
UNHCR the UN refugee agency please go to
projectforawesome.com and vote for this
video and I'll see you tomorrow perhaps
a little bit earlier if you're watching
the livestream I'm going to be hosting
Saturday morning and Sunday morning as
usual babe
