hello and welcome to day 5 of vlogmas
this video is going up very late because
I got slightly carried away preparing to
make this and now my phone is telling me
that it's time for bed I don't know if
anyone else has the bedtime thing on
that phone I try to go to bed by 11
every single night and I've done so
pretty effectively for the past little
while and but today is not that day
because I got kind of lost in this topic
of identity politics it's a phrase that
I've been hearing a lot over the past
week because all of a sudden a lot of
these thick pieces have come out about
whether identity politics is the death
of liberalism or should be the death of
liberalism or the death of identity
politics will make liberalism possible
to continue and either all of these back
and forth pieces and so much great and
some of which just are sort of like spun
out just to have another piece on the
roster sort of thing so identity
politics is a phrase that I personally
have heard mostly in the majority of
context and when here in a pejorative
context it's mostly used in the smoke
ceiling sort of way like we all
understand what this idea means you know
I kind of worry about those phrases that
mostly function in that way because they
signal some irritation some common
opposition's some assumed position and
having been in a lot of very
uncomfortable or sometimes scary
situations where my position is assumed
to be aligned with someone whose
position is very different for me
especially when that person expresses
that they love weapons for example then
I find it difficult to I don't know it
difficult to look at those phrases that
anything other than Marcus of those
particular identities and of a kind of
thinking that dismisses the challenges
that are posed for people of color and
for people for their genders and other
physical abilities and so on so yeah
something of delving into a lot it's I'm
wondering whether the phrase identity
politics in its pejorative use is a kind
of grown-up version of sjw that
kind of phrase in this video I'm going
to talk about at risk in context of the
USA because that's where I live right
now i live in indiana
and also because of the recent election
and that's where a lot of the pieces
I've been reading recently have have
come out I do think this is a question
that needs to be discussed in the UK and
I feel like so many discussions about
race and gender including in the UK
focus on us examples and us texts and I
think that this sometimes contributes to
the idea that the UK has fewer race and
gender related problems which I don't
believe is the case I'm not about to
subvert this but it's something that I
just want to be mindful of as I go into
this video and it's also something that
I'm think you're not about as I go into
the new year a new year making videos
and also of being responsible about what
I making and what I share as well so my
question is what identity politics means
whether it is necessarily polarizing and
whether we need to be sort of calling
for an end to it as mark limited in his
New York Times opinion piece I'm not
going to answer all of these questions
today I'm just going to talk about some
things I've read and some reactions and
also think about other questions that we
maybe we should be asking and I also
invite you to do that too I by no means
want you to consider this the final word
I think maybe think of it as a really
long paragraph before the word discuss
an exam question the other thing I keep
thinking about and I don't know how
connect to this is to the everything
else I'm about to talk about but is a
Theresa May's derision of the phrase
citizen of the world and this is just
something that's been a bee in my bonnet
for a little while because in her
division of it it demands a kind of
loyalty and allegiance to a nation and
more than that to her view of what that
nation represents and what it requires
of its citizens and who it matters those
citizens to be in my mind what that's
requiring is kind of normalizing that
aligns itself with a predominantly white
english-speaking norm that isolates
herself and puts its nation first beyond
anything else like that's its ultimate
priority so that's something that's been
playing into a lot this thinking like
where does the idea of nation and
nationhood and what the national norm
and what that represents what does that
mean for the way we think about chrome
quite identity politics okay so in this
new york times peace lily said with a
fixed
non diversity in our schools and in the
press has produced a generation of
liberals and progressives
narcissistically unaware of conditions
outside their self to find groups and
indifferent to the task of reaching out
to Americans in every walk of life at a
very young age our children are being
encouraged to talk about their
individual identities even before they
have them later Lily continues in large
part this is because of high school
history curriculums which that way
mystically project the identity politics
for today back onto the past creating a
distorted picture of the major forces
and individuals that shaped our country
the achievements of women's rights
movements for instance were real and
important but you cannot understand them
if you do not first understand the
founding fathers achievement in
establishing a system of government
based on the guarantee of rights the
whole piece is absurd to me because as
though women's issues or issues of race
were in any way separate or separate
able even if that's a word able to
separate from the achievements of the
founding fathers or how have you regard
them from the decisions made by the
founding fathers this separation of the
things this idea that you have to first
understand the founding fathers this
isolation of them as and kind of the
beginning or the belonging to this group
of people this group of white man rather
than a connected presumes the
superiority of that white man's
narrative or delete the narrative of
whiteness it's not as though black
people black women and white women
didn't exist in the lives of the
founding fathers women spoke to men and
wrote to Matt and I wrote to one another
and I just like I can't stop thinking
about the time and the labor the unpaid
work most clearly demonstrated by the
work of slaves but also by women in the
home white
in the home that made possible the time
that men were able to give to these
projects and you know who built the
homes whether financially or physically
or both of these men as they were
working on these things to separate it
there is just a complete falsehood I
think it I think that's the part that's
missing here is not anachronistic it's
challenging this narrative of the Walden
asked independent success of met the
great men of history it's just not it's
it's it's not the way it was so it's
writing back to that and it is adding in
the voices that were there but have not
been listened to so identity politics as
Lily describes it is a kind of like
childish narcissistic navel-gazing thing
that is imposed upon people the way he
talks about in relation to children it
seems like it's some kind of intrusion
or this like false point of commonality
but I suggest that it's not the open
discussion of identity among young
people that is imposing something but it
is the identities that are being imposed
on young people what we have often
recognized and even more often failed to
recognize as their different treatment
whether that's a black boy before the
law or a Latin ex girl who is called an
illegal as though a human being could be
illegal the fascinations child who sees
their tribe in their culture mocked in
sports teams across the country or
they're denied basic protections the
Korean child who was constantly imitated
and yet never represented but the fact
that identity isn't necessarily
intrinsic the fact that it's a
constructed thing as so much lesser
ciety doesn't mean that it isn't real
and it also doesn't mean that it's
necessarily an imposition we have to
grapple with there is where the power is
with that identity and where are we
defining ourselves and our communities
and where are we being defined
externally in the context of those
examples what is being imposed is
expected behavior and expected
submission to that behavior in response
to this New York Times opinion column
Jamelle Bouie writes brilliantly to
describe either Reagan or
clinton as exemplars of post identity
politics is to submerge whiteness
maleness and Christian belief as
identities a working class politics that
leaves black and brown workers
vulnerable to white nationalism isn't a
working class politics it is a white
politics for white workers and
counterproductive to port advancement
and this is something that I've noticed
in pieces about what why the lectures
all happened and so on working class is
always assumed to be white working class
and I feel like black and brown working
class voters are discussed as an
afterthought or as an exception or as
some kind of I don't know deviation from
the norm there I read a lot of articles
tonight across a huge range of sites I
then found my way onto website called a
federalist and a post I think was a blog
post that where identity politics is
described as the result of liberals
feeling alienated distant having like
broken free from their families and
seeking support and community the right
to describe trumpism as beating the
democrats at their own game but
communities based on identity was never
the Democrats game it was the game of
the people doing the other ring it is
just done so deeply so silently so woven
into the socio-economic framework of a
country that it is regarded as the norm
reeling away from that perceived
enormous regarded as some kind of
overwhelming pushback it's too much
there's peace in the Federalist for
example wrote to keep it going their
imaginations had to work overtime
constructing whole new disciplines out
of dust race their agendas very queer
theory finding oppression and
exploitation under every stone it's seen
as a huge overreaction to something
because it's not this normal a lot of
you may have read Richard I spoke white
this is a phrases stuck out for me ever
since I read it i still have my copy and
he writes as long as race is something
only applied to non-white peoples as
long as white people are not racially
seen in named they we function as a
human norm other people erased we are
just people mentally no 2016 for me has
kind of been the year of Chimamanda
Ngozi Adichie i loved her before but now
my love has ascended to this or
consuming all of fire and blaster and so
on she wrote a piece in The New Yorker
that was very helpful to me she writes
the pram
for empathy has to be equal humanity it
is an injustice to demand that the
maligned identify with those who
questioned their humanity and then this
is the bit that to me really verbalized
a lot of what I've been sinking and
struggling with with this conversation
about identity politics as particular to
a group of people of color for example
identity politics is not the sole
preserve of minority voters this
election is a reminder that identity
politics in America is a white
convention it was the basis of
segregation the denial of civil rights
to black Americans had at its core the
idea that a black American should not be
allowed to vote because that black
American was not white the endless
questioning before the election of Obama
about Obama's readiness for a black
president was a reaction to white
identity politics yet identity politics
has come to be associated with
minorities and often with a patronizing
undercurrent as though to refer to
non-white people motivated by irrational
herd instinct white Americans have
practiced identity politics it's the
inception of America but now it is laid
bare impossible to evade and when I
think of the efforts of voter
suppression of the closing down of
polling stations of learning that here
in Indiana the polls close at 6pm who
can get to polls when polls close at 6pm
it just makes me think about how
increasingly disturb Ram by the
expectation that white identity should
be the norm and should just you know
fade into the background and be unseen
and unnamed and so here is where I've
landed trumpism is a community movement
of whiteness but that's not as a result
or as a reaction to some kind of
malicious or colluding effort by people
of color of people who identify as LGBTQ
of women or people who identify as any
other gender and that made white people
feel victimized and unhurt what I'm
realizing more and more is that
whiteness has been gathering like this
for a long long time and it makes me
wonder whether this happened because
whiteness was threatened or whether it
was simply named or whether naming
whiteness in itself threatens it
and I might just be tying myself up in
knots here but that's kind of where I've
landed and I would love to hear your
thoughts and it's 11 21 so much editors
and go to bed after operating it and I
will see you tomorrow
