hello said that dear vlogmas and to be
particularly festive
I have even lit a candle I received this
candle for free with my copy of the book
the graces by law Eve a couple of months
ago and it's just making me feel festive
you can't see it but it's that so you
know I committed to this promise thing
I've had a really nice Saturday and I
kind of Jews wouldn't talk about that
and I got really early got quite a few
things done and I suffer walk and saw
some squirrels I felt at one with nature
I was Cinderella this morning I
was like lads everywhere problems are
amazing we should all burn watch
squirrels
that's so funny it's just like I was in
this state of mind I've been a little
bit depressed over the past few days and
today was the first day that something
really broke through and I felt a lot
better and that was just wonderful to
have expected my friends this morning
which is always a really nice place to
start the day and I just yeah I felt
better and that is one of the nice
things now about both managing my mental
house a bit better and just being older
and having a bit more perspective is
that even when things are really bad I
can just say to myself and this isn't
the easiest thing in the world to even
believe but I can at least pretend to
myself this is going to be over in two
or three days this will be over by
Monday and the relief comes when that
when that is true when that's realized
but it doesn't stop the fear every
single time of well this might never end
this might just be my life now on but
those moments the waking up this morning
feeling rested feeling well feeling like
I wanted to feed myself feeling happy
and ready to bundle up at 8 a.m. and go
outside anything it's one degree see
wanting to go and see a film and do
things and come back and not feel but
completely worn out like completely
drained that's exciting and worth
celebrating so yes I wondered on all of
these streets with no pavements to the
cinema and just as I reached the complex
where the cinema is the Sun actually
physically broke through the sky it made
me think a lot of a bothers you know if
the Sun will rise again that was
one of his most Bartlett II things I
think it's ever said I imagined that
whoever wrote that speech just watch a
lot of West Wing to try and get
themselves through that day so I would
see more and I would absolutely loved
and I said this on Twitter I wish that
had been a film that had been around
when I was a kid just so exciting to see
an animated film that wasn't a love
story it was about ambition and steering
our own ship and exploring and it was a
female character and the title role it
was a female character of color that to
me was tremendously exciting to see I am
really interested to hear from Pacific
Islanders about what they thought about
it and that's that feeling very creative
I felt very creative all day but I just
had a lot of things swimming around my
head and I wandered around target for no
reason really just because it was right
there I didn't buy anything I was just
looking around and all of stressed out
people maybe they were just using their
resting face my resting face looks very
grumpy so perhaps that was their resting
face but I think they were a little bit
stressed out I was getting that vibe
then I wandered into Lowe's and walked
around they had their Christmas tree
section up I'm not getting a Christmas
tree this year because I'm going home so
soon but it was nice to walk around
their trees and smell them and see
people picking them out and the kinds of
discussions that people were having and
knowing that so many of them are going
to make a decision about it and then get
home and then be like the world it's way
too big
I saw a $135 tree that was maybe three
times my height that was kind of
tempting just for the fun of it even
though it wouldn't fit in this room at
all they have things like Yoda Christmas
lights and this Feliz Navidad dog and
various new group sort of situations and
then I ended up in the timber area and
that for me was another deeply sensory
experience the smell of wood of those
timber slaps lying on top of each other
that transports me back to being three
or four or five maybe and going to the
timber yard with my dad and he picking
out those big planks and things and
planning how he was going to make
bookshelves and desks for my sisters and
other things around the house it's
pretty handy like that but there was
definitely that's
I was like what is this and I just kept
sniffing and walking around I got into
the vinyl linoleum sort of section and
the sniffing wasn't quite so rewarding
there but yeah I made my way home now
I'm doing some work things and you're
going to edit this and hopefully do some
reading before going out for dinner so
it's been a good day so far and I hope
you're having a very good day I'm sorry
that I just sort of round what about my
Saturday but if you're in the darkness
if you're in a dark place just be kind
to yourself and know that it will get
better and in any case we should always
ask for support from experts if you're
feeling like that because you've got to
sleep after yourself and whether it's
something like medication or therapy or
both or just talking to someone it helps
so I'm grateful to you and I'm grateful
to the people I'm able to talk to when
things aren't so going so great and I am
very very grateful to the Sun for coming
out again even if it didn't actually
come out right now because it's too cold
but such as the curse of winter ok I
will speak to you tomorrow
yay
