hi everyone today I enjoyed my sauna and
we are gonna be talking about Harry
Potter Harry Potter books vs. films
obviously folks the best would you agree
with that yes okay yeah but we just want
to talk about some of our favorite least
favorite things that were left out that
we were sad about just really just
talked about how what let's take a look
at what we have behind oh yeah how's the
Harry Potter treasure chest yes but some
of them have Dutch titles so she is
Dutch what okay what is your favorite
Harry Potter film I know which one my
favorite book is you guys read my
favorite books order of the Phoenix okay
it's the first one I read in English I
just have many many good memories I'd
love to read that one this one's my
favorite
it's like the first full length English
book I've ever read like yeah wait
that's a pretty line Oh like a Fritz
I've ever had read like little bit since
school but this is the first like I had
to like sit at my desk and go like right
let's try this thing I was very confused
by the end of it and didn't I try it and
then I reread it and like figure it out
more when people would say they're like
oh boy how do you read it a foreign book
for the first time you just you just
trouble through and you pick up what you
can
how'd you read it in Dutch no because
and the reason I bought it is that I
went to my local bookshop saw that the
English version was there and the Dutch
translation takes a couple of weeks yeah
should be created and I was like it's
there I need to read it and so that's
why I bought it and like tried to
struggle through it
I remember my Mexican family having like
the same probably oh my cousins you just
write it in English because they're like
I can't wait for that generation to come
up yeah it's just impossible film wise I
really love the fourth film really yeah
I know a lot of people don't know I know
a lot of people don't like it or is it
this is one of my favorites the year
that no one cut their hair um I don't
know what it is that I mean it has does
help significantly and then my other
favorite is 7.1
that's a good one I loved loved I
thought the cinematography on this was
amazing I thought it was even though in
the books
I loved it most when they were at
Hogwarts mm-hmm somehow in this film I
really love them like being in the
forest and being in the English
countryside and really seeing like a
different twist on the like the thing
we'd seen before
yeah I thought
Landscaping in this but like final films
is just sorta thing my favorite film is
probably prisoner Oh map surprise um I
love it's also I mean I could say like a
backup wasn't favorite most my favorite
books are probably Prisoner of Azkaban
or Deathly Hallows and then say my
favorite films sake resumed Azkaban
master director wonderful nesting
touches and a little princess was one of
my favorite films growing up so the fact
that has the same director Alfonso
Cuaron and also that it just brought
like darkness to and I really felt for
the first time like they were actually
teenagers at Hogwarts like they was nice
but it was a bit of a break from like
what the first two were like it
definitely went an entirely different
direction I just remember going to the
cinema I must have been about 14 or 15
yeah I did the cinema with a friend I
came out of hand I was like so angry at
all the changes they face and some feel
like that still like even though I don't
feel that way anymore
yeah that was like my main notion I've
ever seeing it no I just really loved it
cuz I think for me I really like I liked
all the salesmen everything love the
fourth one but I liked all of them in
general but I felt like the first two
thought kind of there was something
there was a bit often for me like that I
felt like they were made for children
and that even though I started being
Harry Potter when I was six I said I
never felt like it was like a children's
book I felt like these are my friends
who I'm hanging out with at Hogwarts and
I felt like the third was the first time
that they started to really get that
feeling for me I was about the sixth
film was really funny in that it just
tried to be like antics shenanigans
oh yeah again it's like some of my
favorite beds and I think they did they
did do the sort of like teenage jokes
and people fell in love and that I think
is a thing that very often is was kind
of left out of your films because there
is a lot of like it's a school and
people are there the whole year and
there's a lot of like falling in love
and sneaking around and getting into
fights and stuff like that so it's kind
of nice last hurrah before everything
goes terribly you know like before I
think it's really dark can you feel like
it's a war and I feel like sometimes
when we talk about war in general in the
world we forget that
like people are still falling in love
and everything feels kind of horrible
but normal and also that like brings to
light all of these terrible decisions
that you have to make and that's also
act didn't they did really well within
the books when Harry has to decide
whether or not to stay with Ginny same
with like Lupin as well and his decision
trying to come with how I run Hermione
in the seventh book and all this stuff
like I think those decisions you kind of
believe them all because six set of
uppers yeah these things are stressful
as well one of the things that were left
out of the films that you wished um for
me I really love and I'm not even that
big a fan of it in the books but I just
felt like it was such a vital part of
the series the whole like Marauders yeah
thanks I thought the flashbacks were
done so poorly that I really didn't like
those and the fact that it was entirely
left out of the third film like that the
marauders map just didn't make sense to
Harry that was just something that I've
always been a little bit upset ways
right and also one of the things I
really don't like is how old Harry's
parents look in the first film right
because it is you have to sort of
remember that they were so young when
they died and that makes it like even
more tragic and so I think that's always
a thing that makes I don't know I feel
like more adults would be like oh yes
that's so tragic well if you see them as
like people that would be like younger
than us now yeah I think that would have
made a lot more impact so those were two
things that kind of realisation will say
parallels with firstly how are you
realizing how young he is and all like
also realizing like that all adults are
kind of young which i think is a real
legitimate movie that's coming to ya and
then also like seeing his parents as
people as well like I think they don't
know I was really sad that spw was left
out I kind of understand why they did
that but I think that that was such an
important story line I had to think
about what that was because you because
in Dutch it's not the authority I
felt like that was a really crucial part
of building Hermione's character as well
and then also showing the places where
the Wizarding World was really messed up
when we think of the Wizarding World II
kind of think of it as like
ideal place but really they have like
this system of essentially slavery yeah
which yeah you get a little bit of it
with stop being loose yeah that's where
you can kind of see that like that's
obviously not accepting it scale and
seeing it whole was like is that kind of
realization like it's everything around
us and it makes our confidence possible
I thought that was really interesting
and it's just cool to see how mining
like stubbornly organizing and all of
these things and the other thing that I
was really sadly left out was the Sphinx
and the riddle because I love that I
love that feeling of like Harry
reinforced alike work through this logic
problem I love that being part of the
maze the way they did the maze in
general like I loved the way they did it
in the books and the way we did in the
film and that's that's like the core of
why I was so frustrated with Goblet of
Fire
I know you have to have like a visual
side of it right but I really like this
idea of like this continuation of the
set of tasks that you go through and
they all present a different kind of
challenge to me it's so much authority
resonant of like the different things we
have to be able to grapple with hmm and
I just love the Sphinx and I felt so
satisfied when I worked out that riddle
before Harry self-satisfaction it's been
so long since I watched a lot of I've
actually really watched the first ones
recently but it's been not quite a long
time since I've read the book there will
see a lot of stuff that I at the time
was really upset about yeah and then now
I have like forgotten about sin the end
I guess I didn't care that much one of
the things that I'm most unhappy about
what the films is like Ginny's character
yeah I used to love reading like feisty
Ginny fanfic I think it was one called
the seeker it was about so good um but
yeah like I really really missed that in
the films and I thought that would have
been such a nice challenge yeah for
Harry and stead of just like a bit of a
lukewarm I did I felt like it completely
missed the mark on her and it's such a
shame like she was such great character
and she was tough and she went Mia Fred
took back and it's kind of like I wonder
whether they needed like a stronger
female voice behind the camera somewhere
that would have been like hey we've
picked up on the fact that Ginny is such
an amazing hair
yeah cuz she's really passive in the
phones like a passive parent I like in
the books that she's like that she's an
extra friend for Hermione as well
because I feel like in the films it's
very much like when the boys are talking
to Hermione like who does she have a and
she's also Janie's also a character that
really just calls them on their
yeah
and which is which is also good that
they're just being idiots or they're not
you know not thinking about someone
hurting someone's feelings she'll be the
one who's like what are you doing yeah
because you can't really I mean with the
exception of the really really big
fights you can't really represent those
like terms when Hermione and Ron don't
talk to each other or Harry's cross with
Ron or her mind it's sort of had like
all of those things but having Jimmy be
that force in it I think it's nervously
how do the Harry Potter films do with
the Bechdel test I don't know actually I
can only assume that it's not whether
some of the teachers maybe I have but oh
that's something that I was so sad like
that was cut off not constant so it
wasn't a period where careers advice
well any any we're gonna go see is like
yeah have a biscuit water like any of
those I'm just so sad that we're cut
through the slate like those moments of
tension
I love we've gotta go she's with my
favorite characters so I just wanted her
to have more time yes I would have a
fantastic if I don't think I didn't ask
is that one of my long-standing dreams
is that like pretty soon down the line
they readapt all of the books into like
a BBC series and there's like 50 or 60
episodes and it's this whole long drama
in that event what is a scene from the
book that you would love to see and oh
my god I really want that to happen
ha oh that's so difficult
should I tell you my yeah my scene is
the one where Harry goes to syria's room
and finds the letter from his parents
and and they wrote to Sirius I love that
scene is such a beautiful quiet scene I
understand why it doesn't work in the
films but I would love to see that
incorporated because I think that that's
another assertion of like
is the life that he don't know about
lost yeah oh man um I so my favorite
parts have always been them just hanging
out in the common room and like the
day-to-day life of Hogwarts so I'd like
to see a lot more of that they obviously
do I really like when they do they're
like Romilda vane love potion stuff like
little things like that that aren't
really part of the plot like yeah they
sort of just come in as like a funny
extra bit and I think there would be so
much more space for that if you do a
miniseries and it doesn't have to be
necessarily just focused on like getting
getting all the big plump it's through I
think that'd be really fun and also
maybe some more stuff at the Weasleys
like at the Burrow sort of like when he
goes back for Christmas or you usually
get like a little bit of the scene like
when they gets the orchard and they play
Quidditch yeah yeah okay well as well
thanks for joining me today to put all
things Harry Potter and please do
comment away with your answers to all of
these questions and talk further and if
you are from the BBC I would like to
commissioned me to take on the series
more than happy to do it um thanks to
Jeremy also Sanne if you haven't checked
out her channel go to youtube.com for /
books and quills there is a little bit
of a magical element to her name oh yeah
there is it was it was inspired by Harry
Potter it's a line is but it is and I
didn't I didn't know that I did not take
that much lot of people like send me
pictures of that line whenever they're
like alright thanks for joining us and
I'll see you in comments bye but so I'm
really really close to finishing this
book I'm about 20 pages away
