the Deathstalker is one of the most
dangerous scorpions on the planet and
what makes it so dangerous also happens
to be the most expensive liquid in the
world yeah you read that right this
stuff costs 39 million dollars per
gallon now even if you had the money you
couldn't just go and buy a gallon of the
stuff because you can only get it in
tiny minuscule amounts a hundred and
thirty dollars will get you a droplet
that's smaller than a grain of sugar the
reason why is pretty simple the stuff is
hard to get scorpions are almost always
milked by hand one by one and one
scorpion produces at the most just two
milligrams of venom at a time so let's
do the math if you owned one scorpion
you would have to milk it 2.64 million
times to fill a gallon and let's face it
you'd probably get stung along the way
as well one sting isn't enough to kill a
healthy human but I think it hurts
I'd easily put it being a hundred times
more painful than a bee sting but
because pain is a subjective and
emotional experience it's difficult to
really get a quantification on that but
it's definitely going to ruin your day
that's venom Tech founder Steve trim one
of the few people brave enough to deal
with these animals
that's because inside that deadly venom
there's actually tons of useful
components that are helping pioneer
breakthrough medicines chloral toxins
for example are the perfect size to bind
with certain cancer cells in the brain
and spine which is helpful for
identifying the specific size and
location of tumors and researchers have
used scorpion to eliminate malaria in
mosquitoes
Kaleo toxin has been given to rats to
fight bone disease scientists hope it
could work in humans too these are just
a few of the medical benefits that
researchers have found in scorpion venom
and the more they research it the more
uses they find which means demand for
this miracle venom continues to grow so
scientists are now trying to figure out
ways to get more of
faster like this group out of Morocco
who invented the first remote-controlled
machine for milking scorpions it can
safely milk up to four Scorpions at a
time might not sound like much but it's
four times faster than human scientists
hope to get on the market within a few
years making the whole process faster
and safer faster and safer you're
probably thinking hmm maybe I should
start my own scorpion farm well get in
line wiseguy
it clearly has been a surge in people
thinking of this is a get-rich-quick
scheme but with people not understanding
how scorpion venom is used we have seen
a rise in the number of people saying
they've got 300 grams of scorpion venom
do want to buy it and the answer is no
we've got around
