I think Islam hates us much too to the
RET of many of us we find ourselves in a
political moment in which antipathy
perhaps even hatred of Islam is
receiving some official endorsement then
candidate Trump said that Islam hates us
it's hard to know exactly what Steve
Bannon thinks but if we infer from what
we do now he appears to think that the
West is involved and in an existential
struggle with the Islamic world I think
this is not just deplorable in the sense
that it underestimates the extraordinary
diversity of Islamic world but it also
undermines the very policies that are
meant to ensure greater degrees of
security and safety for Americans so a
good example would be the van the
so-called van I don't know of a single
expert in Middle Eastern Studies and
really some politics who thinks that the
rhetoric that is so hostile to Islam or
the ban which is so easily understood as
an expression to that hostility that
that will do anything other than feed
the imaginations of Muslims who are
inclined in this direction in the Middle
East to think even less of the United
States to think even less of Western
Europe and in other words to radicalize
their their their thinking even greater
