and Prime Minister Trudeau you make very
clear that Canada has an open-door
policy for Sierra no Fugees do you
believe that president Trump's
moratorium on immigration has merit on
national security grounds Canada and the
United States have been neighbors a long
time and Canadians and Americans have
stood together work together at home and
around the world we fought and died
together in battlefields in world war
one world war two Korea in Afghanistan
but there have been times where we have
differed in our approaches and that's
always been done firmly and respectfully
the last thing Canadians expect is for
me to come down and lecture another
country on how they choose to govern
themselves
my role our responsibility is to
continue to govern in such a way that
reflects Canadians approach and be a
positive example in the world
