I look at whiskey like art religion
politics food there's no best whiskey
it's really just based on your palate
with that said there are some really
good values out there that I think are
some pretty remarkable whiskeys all the
whiskies that I'm going to show are $50
or less this one everybody's familiar
with maker's mark I think for the most
part maker's mark has two other marks
ones makers 46 and then the other one is
one of my personal favorites is maker's
mark cask strength whiskey it's a really
big big whiskey maker's mark is it's
also a weeded bourbon meaning that
instead of putting rye in the mash bill
they put in week it's fifty five point
seven percent alcohol and by law to be a
whiskey you have to be at minimum of
forty percent
so most whiskey's are running in at
around forty percent and this is fifty
five so if you added water you're
getting much more whiskey for your buck
this is an Evans Williams single barrel
I know that this distill it came from a
single barrel they didn't blend it with
others
it's saying it's forty three point three
percent alcohol it was put into oak
meaning after it was distilled that went
into oak in 2003 bottle on 2010 so it's
a really really good nasarah it's a
nicely aged whiskey you can get this for
around 23 bucks another one of my
favorites is for Rose's most people are
somewhat familiar with Four Roses
they're full roses single barrel and
amazing whiskey such a smooth easy
drinking whiskey the ABV on this one is
a bit higher as well
I generally my whiskey's I tend to go
for cask strength or ones that that have
some some bite to it this is 50% you can
get it for around 35 bucks there's also
some good deals with scotch
most people think Scotch is you know
very expensive and
out of some people's price range but
there's some big guys out there
Highland Park 12 made in the Orkney
Islands it's one of my favorites it's a
nice it has a little bit of that peak
but the peak is is from Orkney which to
peds is quite a bit sweeter there's not
a lot of big brush there they have a lot
of Heather which is a slow growing shrub
that happens to be sweet so when that
decomposes you're getting a sweeter peak
and it's also aged in sherry casks so
you get that kind of saltiness that
brining is with some sweetness and you
can get this around 45 bucks and that's
a 12 year old single malt scotch this is
a classic valve inning in the space side
region of Scotland they're owned by
William grant
they also owned Glenfiddich which is
literally right next door to it they
just produce them some fantastic whiskey
this it says on a double would matured
in two distinct casks the two distinct
tasks were oak branch timing ex bourbon
barrels and sherry cask so this one too
is about 45 bucks it depends on where
you buy it of course
slide time there are some good deals out
there
