they are mothers daughters sisters
fathers sons and brothers mr. president
they are mr. president the majority
leader senator is impairing the motives
and conduct of our colleague from
Alabama as worn by the chair senator
Warren quote said senator sessions has
used the awesome power of his office to
chill the free exercise of the vote by
black citizens I call the senator to
order under the provisions of rule 19
mr. president senator from Massachusetts
mr. president I am surprised that the
words of Coretta Scott King are not
suitable for debate in the United States
Senate I ask leave of the Senate to
continue my remarks is there objection
objection is heard
the center will take her seat I appeal
the ruling of the chair and I suggest
the absence of a quorum
the clerk will call the roll mr.
Alexander
