you can't go into a relationship hoping
for that other person to make you feel
fulfilled and good about yourself those
kinds of relationships don't last
because once reality sets in and you
start getting realistic appraisement of
the other person and there might be
disappointments or criticism then you
know you cannot deal with the fact that
the other person isn't idealizing you in
those early stages of romance and it
falls apart
we all want to be loved we all want to
feel attractive that's one thing but if
you're dealing with issues of low
self-esteem or shame and you're hoping
that a relationship is going to fix that
that that's a disaster waiting to happen
you have to do a lot of work on yourself
to make sure that you're happy with who
you are
you're happy with where you are in your
life I think in other areas in your
career in your social life I think you
need to feel happy reasonably satisfied
and you're looking for this other
component to complete a life that's
already pretty good too many people
place too much emphasis on the romantic
relationship to make them feel fulfilled
