hi my name is amelia singer and i'm a
wine expert
TV presenter on the wine show and are on
my own wine tasting and consultancy
business Amelia's wine you can still
find bargains with wine in supermarkets
however the best bargains always gonna
be from lesser-known regions and
lesser-known grapes so instead of maybe
going for that Sancerre which is sami on
blonde grape from the Loire Valley go
for that too hen which is actually two
kilometers away from sunset made from
solving Yann Blanc but no one really
knows what it is or go for something
like the malvasia grape which is awesome
if you really like Pinot Grigio or you
like this firm kind of aromatic whites
go from Malvasia from Central Europe and
Eastern Europe because no one really
thinks about buying from there and yet
they've got fantastic climate and is
normally pretty consistent and something
really good partly because no one thinks
of it in terms of getting value for
money unfortunately you get what you pay
for which sounds really obvious but
there's a lot of things which go into
the price of wine once it hits a
supermarket shelves so what you have to
think about is money or haven't spent on
logistics packaging excise duty and so
therefore a five pound forty nine bottle
of wine which is roughly the average
price where the average person spends in
a supermarket only sixty P of that
bottle will be spent on wine
however it's amazing how if you go up to
ten pounds already you're gonna get
about two pounds 76p worth of wine
that's actually money spent on the juice
of that wine besides all the other stuff
and then if you go up to 20 pounds
you'll spend about seven pounds forty so
even though you're going four times and
value of the five pounds we're getting
nineteen s worth kind of like increase
in terms of quality which is quite
interesting so definitely that
is useful to keep in mind I'd also say
look for wine buyers choice a bit like
when you go to a bookstore and you go to
waterstones and they have like their
staff recommendations if you go into
someone who waitress or whatever and
they say buyers choice that will tend to
be that will have to be good quality
because it's the buyer putting their
name to it and it also is good if you
want to try something a bit different
because they're trying to guide people
to try either a new region or a new
grape so that we tend to be getting
really good value for money and you
could discover something really exciting
and also sift markets own you can also
find good value for there was a time
when supermarkets have multiple multiple
amounts of these but now the general
trend is to have less of them but make
them really good quality because it's a
bit like a house wine when you go into a
restaurant they again are putting their
name to that house wine so they want it
to be of a certain standard it
definitely has to be well-made even if
it's not going to completely blow your
mind
