the thing that makes venmo so popular is
that it took a transaction this sort of
p2p transaction and turned it into an
experience it turned it into every
single demo 95% of all of them mo
transactions are shared with friends and
their mom those of you who don't know is
a system app based system where
individuals can pay each other small
amounts yeah it's the leading app in the
US for the millennial generation on how
they manage and move money and every one
of those transactions they can opt to
share with their friends and they can
comment on it and 90% plus comment on
their transactions and then share it
most of you in the audience will
probably never do that
but there's a very very big differences
between generations and I think as we
think about where the system is going
and that's really kind of what I really
spent a lot of time thinking about 10
years from now who is the next
generation of consumer what are their
needs going to be we've got two billion
people in the world right now that are
underserved they need a basic system and
platform for financial transactions and
I don't think that we should extrapolate
what was but we ought to reimagine in a
world of mobile and software and
connectivity how would you build a
financial services platform to serve
that sort of the majority of citizens so
that managing and moving money is a
right for all citizens and not really
privileged for the affluent and that to
me is a critical element of what we're
trying to do
