you want to have a working relationship
with Russia they are a major world
player Rex Tillerson will be an
outstanding Secretary of State Rex is
very good at what he did and I know I
know Rex we live in Dallas together and
he did a great job at Exxon and Rex is a
very strong moral ethical man who is you
know hundred percent american who will
negotiate very well for our country just
because you know putin that have a
relationship that's not a mark against
the Trump or Rex Tillerson like the
media wants to make it you need to have
a working relationship that directs has
a working relationship as it advantage
for us in the United States because he
wrecks is not naive is not somebody
that's going to think he can get Russia
back to the kind of relationship that we
would like to have it will be working it
will be functional in ideally its
relationship where you minimize the
friction if that's at all possible
Russia respects strength and Putin will
have to see a very strong America and if
Donald Trump rebuilds the economy then
you have to rebuild our military if you
do those two moves you'll see a lot of
our issues around the world start to
dissipate because people see America is
back America is strong in America will
be force for good around the world like
we always have been
