he's laid out a very specific agenda for
the country and now Washington is in
shock because good guy we have a
politician or in this case an elected
official who's actually doing what he
said he was going to do without watering
it down or compromising it away he's not
called for a ban of Muslims from all
these countries for all time he would
like to haul immigration from I guess
it's seven countries 50 which rock Obama
bombed until we have an immigration
system that allows us to examine every
person who applies to come here to
figure out who they are and what they
want today it's illegal to look at the
social media postings of those who have
applied to enter the country you know if
somebody has said Ali Akbar death to all
the Jews on their Facebook I don't want
them in this country I just think it's
common sense
