the payday loan industry grew from a ten
billion dollar industry to a thirty
billion dollar industry in the ten years
between 2002 and 2012 and there are now
more payday loans stores than there are
Starbucks that's not counting the fact
there are also all kinds of online
lenders and if you factor in the fact
that 13 states do not allow payday
lending at all that's that's a lot of
activity and a lot of growth I think two
things are really responsible for that
one is people shifting away from banks
and you know it used to be when when I
was growing up that you could walk into
a bank and if you had a decent
relationship you could get a $500 loan
with a handshake that doesn't happen
anymore banks don't want to make those
small loans and the other thing is that
the whole context in which the American
worker works has gotten much worse
so we it's not just low income people in
poor neighborhoods who are using these
services but many many middle-class
people the reasons are that there's
there been declining wages since the
1970s there's a doubling of income
volatility meaning it's much harder for
consumers to predict from one week to
the next or one month to the next how
much money is coming into their
household a third reason is that we've
seen a retraction of the public and
private safety nets meaning you're
getting less benefits from your job less
retirement less in terms of retirement
less in terms of medical care and if
work doesn't work and you're out of a
job the public sector is much less
likely to be able to pick you up the
result of that is that we have half of
Americans who are struggling financially
half of Americans who could not come up
with $2,000 in the event of an emergency
at the same time that people are doing
worse and are more fragile financial
services are not serving them well and
they're needing to move to alternative
forms of financial services providers
