there is a trend now especially in
Silicon Valley interestingly enough
toward what is known as LSD micro dosing
and that is the using of very very small
amounts of LSD for performance
enhancement rather than to have a
psychedelic experience if a 100
microgram dose of LSD would be an
official trip if you will 10 micrograms
of LSD is a brightening and clarifying
agent seems it around 10 micrograms or
so or 12 micrograms of LSD is sufficient
to generate what we know is a flow state
a sense of easily moving through the day
a feeling that you have all your
faculties with you enhanced mental
clarity may be greatly increased sensory
acuity people report being more
productive people also report being more
sensitive to the needs and communication
of others I don't think there's no
downside to this I think that some
people are psychologically unstable and
probably should not LSD micro dose there
is the fact that LSD is illegal you have
to take that into account and because it
is so you can't really be guaranteed
that you're getting good high quality
LSD
despite this LSD micro dosing is alive
and well
so it may be that LSD as a micro dosing
agent is actually a beneficial aid for
mental performance and overall
enhancement
whereas a tripping dose if you will of
100 to 250 micrograms that might be way
too much for most people time will tell
on the micro dosing scene
