are you going to act on investigation is
the White House went to formally ask for
probe into this village I think we won
very very handily with 306 electoral
votes 33 states he's very comfortable
with his win but I think Hannah's he's
bringing it up I was having a discussion
with some folks and mentioned something
in passing which has been a
long-standing belief that he's
maintained this isn't the first time
they've heard this concern ahead right
now that I think you're worth clarifying
by their illegal ballots or illegal and
I think there's been studies they're
everywhere they came out of pio 2008
that you had fourteen percent of people
who have voted were non-citizens there's
other studies that have been presented
to him it's a belief he maintained I
mean counted improperly in stick Durbin
says the president personally spoken
last night it was bad people i think i
have actual answer it's a belief that
he's maintained for a while a concern
that he has about voter fraud and that's
based on information is provided
strength you said that the President
believes his believed for a while
serious widespread builder flaws but
only four days ago did he get the power
of the presidency to be able to do
something about it so why not
definitively say that you will
investigate if he believes in the
administration position is that there
was massive voter fraud well first of
all the comment that he made was he said
three to five million people you know
cost me I could have voted illegally
based on the studies that he's seen but
he's very clear that he won the election
based on the 306 electoral votes that he
got we're here on day two I think let's
not prejudge what we may or may not do
in the future Corsi be upset who
wouldn't be upset if they lost I mean I
that's not how the election which is
held in our country by electoral votes
you want overwhelming with three 306
electoral votes the most since any
Republican since Reagan he's very
comfortable with the depth and breadth
of the support that he got from the
American people and the 33 states that
voted for him the nine of 13
battleground states the 2600 counties
he's very very pleased with that yeah
