there is in psychological history a rich
connection between human feces and money
there was his wonderful anthropological
in studies done by folklorist an
anthropologist at berkeley named Alan
Dundas it was the stuff is just is
really rich that like exploring German
folk culture and finding this obsession
with crap there is in psychological
history a rich connection between human
species and money there are many
metaphors that take the mine from one
plate one to the other the nature of the
German interest in dirt they call it is
both a fascination with it and the
desire to be clean of it and it felt
like their involvement in the financial
crisis was like they got close enough to
get near the but not getting on
them and in the most extraordinary ways
this was just a little part of that
piece is naturally a part of basic
cuttin it seems they've caught a lot of
people's attention but that's what was
going on and I didn't make it up I was
reading about Germany and this kept
coming up and I thought wow I didn't
know that she'd share it people need to
know it
you
