the latest explanation for the alien
mega-structure star spoiler alert it has
nothing to do with aliens a new study
suggests the star called kic 846 2852 or
tab east are destroyed a planet in the
relatively recent past well it's not as
exciting as aliens this is the best idea
we've heard yet because it's the first
they can explain all of the stars odd
behaviors and it's testable here's what
the astronomers think happened between
10 and 1,000 years ago a planet collided
with the star energy from the collision
boosted the Stars nuclear engine in its
core which made the star burn brighter
then randomly scattered debris from the
collision either belonging to the planet
or its potential moons continue to orbit
around the star this could explain the
irregular brightening and dimming
behavior that astronomers have observed
from tabi stars since the 19th century
if this idea is right the next time the
star dips in brightness there should be
a noticeable increase in gas and dust as
sunlight strikes the icy debris field
it's hard to know when the star will dim
again but it looks like there might be
an end to this mystery sooner than we
thought
you
