the only way you're gonna be successful
is to automate your financial life and
what I talk about in the book is that
there's like five critical things to
automate and the most important that you
start with is your pay yourself first
plan there's a magic formula to building
financial security for the life write
this down because this is the formula it
is one hour a day of your income if you
have a job and you work your typical day
nine-to-five you want to take whatever
you're earning in that first hour from
nine o'clock to ten o'clock that money
gets sweep automatically into your 401k
plan you make that one decision to save
an hour a day of your income
automatically and you do it for the rest
of your life you will never have to
worry about money for the rest of your
life
all you have to do is keep one hour day
of your income automatically the average
American today is saving less than
fifteen minutes a day of their income
has less than $400 in savings
okay that's a new Federal Reserve
statistic now four and a half million of
those people are gonna go to Starbucks
today and get a cup of coffee a hundred
and twenty million of these people next
year they expect to buy the new iPhone
eight which costs $800 so we have the
money in America the problem is we're
not keeping any of it and the automatic
millionaire mantra is pay yourself first
and let's put ourselves first
