the campaign was over and I didn't want
to have it the when they announced me on
television and so forth I didn't want
them to keep saying that I was a senior
advisor on the transition because I
really wasn't
the campaign was over and I didn't want
to have it the when they announced me on
television and so forth I didn't want
them to keep saying that I was a senior
advisor on the transition because I
really wasn't and I didn't think it was
right to claim something that was not
the case but but the suggestion is by
The Washington Post tonight that it
wasn't just a matter of I wasn't and
they were saying it was a matter of he
he stopped using you that you were not
being yet you had been excluded in
recent weeks from discussions and Intel
matters and that you you felt that you
were being misrepresented as an advisor
when he wasn't using Yui it was exciting
you I didn't feel I was being
misrepresented but I was not really
called upon to you know go to meetings
or participate in in work on the
transition are you challenging the
reporting by The Washington Post tonight
well no I I think they were focused on
an important issue which is what type of
change is going to be proposed in the
intelligence community's organization
especially by the Trump administration
in in two weeks and I can't tell what I
can tell is that what I see now that as
a result of reforms over the last couple
of years I do not think is sound and and
need some rather substantial attention
