there are a lot of lessons that I've
gotten from Vince but I would say the
one personally that's been most valuable
to me and and how I approach businesses
is not to be afraid to challenge the
legacy and not to be afraid to take risk
Vince is a tremendous risk taker and I
think he's helped me to be able to be
more open to that you can't be
innovative without being willing to take
risk and I think Vince has been very
successful in the risks that he's taken
and he encourages his team to do the
same
particularly on things like launching
the WWE Network it was a calculated risk
but one that has certainly paid off for
us it essentially was the transformation
of our pay-per-view business so if you
look back three or four years ago our
pay-per-view business was roughly an
eighty or ninety million dollar business
and today our WWE Network with 1.5
million subscribers is it will double
our pay-per-view revenue and it's our
it's now our second our second biggest
revenue stream and our fastest-growing
revenue stream so it has literally
transformed our our organization on our
company the greatest thing about WWE is
no day looks the same and the day you
think you're going to have is not the
day that you actually have what's great
is that we are in the content creation
business so as the head of marketing in
the head of Revenue my job is really to
do two things it's to build the brand
and grow the brand globally while also
generating revenue and monetizing the
content that we put out there my job
touches every revenue stream as well as
how we build the brand globally like
everything else in life it's a balancing
act of making sure that we appeal to the
family-friendly audience but also that
we don't lose the edge of who we are
which is a brand with an attitude and I
would say it's just to find a delicate
balancing act that I think we do a
pretty good job of
