Vladimir Putin himself directed the
culvert cyber attacks against our
electoral system against our democracy
apparently because he has a personal
beef against me and why is that in the
fall 2011 they had quote parliamentary
elections which were so fought so a
legitimate that it was embarrassing a
phony attempt for him to appear as
though he had a parliamentary victory
and so I issued a statement that's what
secretaries of state would do and I
basically said based on independent
observations in analysis this was unfair
not free illegitimate election so make
no mistake as the press is finally
catching up to the facts which we
desperately try to present to them
during the last months of the campaign
this is not just an attack against me
and my campaign although that
you added fuel to it this is an attack
against our country
I think there is no doubt that when any
foreign government tries to impact the
integrity of our elections that we need
to take action and we will at a time and
place of our own choosing some of it may
be explicit and publicise some of it may
not be but mr. Putin is well aware of my
feelings about this because I spoke to
him directly about
