and if Trump turns off the satellites
California will launch its own damn
satellite we know the the data we know
what's happening in the world
despite the deniers climate is changing
the temperatures are rising the oceans
are becoming more acidified habitats are
under stress the world is really facing
this tremendous danger some people say
that they're going to turn off the
satellites that are monitoring the
climate low earth phenomena the Landsat
and all the various measure measuring
satellites that we have well I remember
back in 1978 I proposed a Landsat
satellite for California they called me
governor moon me because that I didn't
get that moniker for nothing and if
Trump turns off the satellites
California will launch his own damn
satellite we're going to collect that
data
