people still don't grasp the fact that
they need to save a dime out of every
dollar I mean the average American is
who's saving is saving three percent of
their income people are focused on
returns and expenses great thing to
think about great thing that people come
on these shows and get media about like
oh my god you know how much it's costing
you and have your mutual funds managed
you should be looking at this people
aren't saving any money
so the fundamental thing that people
don't grasp is that you need to save
more than you're saving that's number
one number two Americans actually don't
understand
IRA accounts people walk around millions
of people thinking that they bought an
IRA account or that they own a 401k plan
and they don't understand that the
retirement account is just a bucket and
that there are investments put inside
that bucket and it's those investments
that go inside the bucket to create the
return and the third thing that
Americans I'm always constantly
surprised by is that people think they
can time the market that you're gonna
watch a show read an article and figure
out when to buy and when to sell you're
not you would be better off with a
boring balanced approach that you invest
systematically every two weeks and you
leave it alone for your lifetime and
that's not sexy and that may not sell
but that's what works
