you look at someone like a Marc Ewing
the man has more money than God and
that's what you got to use against them
you have to say do you really think that
Marc cares about the little fifty
thousand hundred thousand dollars that
he's gonna spend on you he doesn't love
you we see him on the side of basketball
courts all the time I'm gonna say hey do
you want to have to wait till the
season's over to talk to your partner
think about that Barbara um brilliant
woman but you know eggs you really want
to deal with a real estate agent you
have a clothing company Kevin O'Leary's
we all can pick up one pick on him he
gets his essence like beating a puppy
he's in a hole he's uh he wants
royalties he's just a miserable person
so that that's easy anyway I can go on
about the Sharks but it's all like chess
and trust me they use it against me just
as well and it's fun but think about
this if you ever beat another shark
these are filthy rich people that you
not only embarrass them on national
television if you're also making a
profit at the same time
