people are often confused by the
different techniques to deal with a
black bear and a grizzly bear
although these bears seem similar at
first glance their diet and behavior are
radically different now if you're not
sure whether you're about to be eaten by
a grizzly bear or a black bear there are
two important factors to consider first
is the bear size grizzly bears even
young ones are quite large they also
have a hump on their shoulder just
behind their head this is something that
we can see even at a distance black
bears have a smoother shoulder and a
slightly different snout profile you can
tell the two apart even a distance in
the event of an attack by a black bear
the most important thing you can do is
fight for your life don't flee don't
turn and run that's what the bear is
hoping you will do it wants a good chase
you stand your ground and you fight that
bear as if your life depends on it a
grizzly bear however is much larger much
more powerful and way out of our league
for a hand-to-hand fight with a grizzly
bear your best chance of survival is to
curl up in a ball play dead and cry for
your mama the bear will SWAT at you tear
chew knock you around as if you were a
toy but grizzly bears typically don't
eat people
now of course hand-to-hand combat where
the bear is your last resort the first
thing you should do in the woods or in
the wild if you see a bear is to make a
tremendous amount of noise hey bear let
the animal know you're there encourage
the animal to move off buy some bear
spray if you're going into bear country
this is some industrial-strength mace
that is specifically designed to deter
bear attacks and it's proven to be
effective
