this is the conscious investor presented
by Devine I'm here with Martin kremen
Stein the head of retirement and ETF
solutions at Nuveen can you talk to me
about the ESG metrics and what do they
measure and how good are they of
measures of social responsibility and
where do they fall short sure sir ESG
stands for environmental social and
governance and what that really is is a
framework for analyzing companies and
really assessing how are they compared
to their peers in terms of performance
against these metrics under II you have
for environmental you have a water usage
waste production and general kind of
environmental behavior about how
efficient they are and managing their
resources and also looking after the
environment around them under social
it's around how well they treat their
clients how well do they treat their
workers and then there also some
diversity aspects around the the
management and workforce and then under
governance I mean that's around share
class structure and governance structure
within the company how well-run is the
company when you take it all together
what you're really looking at is another
way of assessing a company without
looking at its balance sheet and looking
at how it impacts the broader broader
society at large and where do these do a
really good job and where do you think
that they they fall a little short what
can't they measure sure so I think when
they do it they do a good job in terms
of how well is Company a doing compared
to Company B but it's less good I think
you're looking at what is the overall
mission of a company in terms of is it
out let's do good and if so how do you
how do you manage that I think the other
way where it kind of Falls a little bit
short is that it's it's a little bit of
a framework so lots of people have
different views around what is more
important for some people it's around
environmental that's more important but
others it's social for others it's
governance you know as many people as
there are in a room there are going to
be different opinions as to what
actually is important and so unless you
are gonna go and build a bespoke
portfolio for someone in a separately
managed account there's gonna be have
some to have to be some degree of
compromise around how that ESG framework
is actually going to be applied and are
they self-reported our company is tell
its sharing these metrics with you with
I mean with investors at large yeah so
most of the data is public it's a
combination of self-reported and also
analysis done by you know analysts who
are pouring out
company factsheets you know their
regulatory reporting and so forth so
because of that you do tend to get
better reporting from larger companies
but you can get reporting for companies
all the way down the cap structure cap
size and also internationally as well
you know we're able to produce an ESG
framework that enables you to look at
large cap value as well as small cap but
also emerging markets in developed
markets as well and do you have advice
for people who want to invest along
their values and who maybe haven't spent
a lot of time looking at the ESG metrics
what is some way to get them over the
hurdle where it feels like there's just
too many options and they they want to
put their money where their values are
sure so I think there are a couple of
things first of all they are gonna have
to define for themselves what what's
important to them and you know there are
certain ESG providers that have a very
specific slant to how they're doing it
and they have to decide whether that's
what they're looking for whether it's
based on religious or certain other
social aspects if they're looking for
just general you know ESG and in terms
of framework for companies that are
better stewards of their you know the
environment and social then you really
they should either look for ESG
providers there are certain companies
that have been in this space for a long
long time and and all ESG funds will be
labeled ESG or responsible investing or
impact because you know if you have any
SG fund you are gonna put that in the
name somewhere and then you need to look
at how the products work you know look
at the the criteria by which companies
are being scored that should be very
very clear and apparent within the funds
literature if it is and maybe then move
on to another provider if you're looking
at your retirement plan maybe talk to
whoever runs your company's retirement
plan are some about responsible
investing options for that plan is there
a trade-off do you feel like that you
can still make money and reverse
investment responsibly so historically
the Nok has been that to actually have
responsible investing you had to give up
some performance I think we're seeing
now that that isn't the case and we're
actually seeing you know lots of times
we're using an ESG framework can
actually help you avoid companies with
bad practices and for example we had the
Equifax scandal sometime last year right
or Equifax had actually been downgraded
by major ESG data providers over data
privacy and security issues about 18
months to two years beforehand
you know within our large-cap growth ETF
Facebook hadn't been included because
it's called relatively poorly compared
to other tech companies over data
privacy concerns that was not something
that I ever considered as part of the
ESG framework is data privacy but it's
very important to a lot of people a lot
of people are divesting for Facebook now
how how does that metric work in yes gee
so you know when you're looking at a
common data provider score in the
company so we use MSCI is our data
provider when they score the company
they score it based on all the different
you know criteria and under social data
privacy is in there
but also when you're looking at
controversial business practices which
is another another way of scoring
companies you look at things that could
be controversial and so the data privacy
thing had come up from the I think that
2014 kind of conversation Facebook had
with the government so that was
something was always on the radar and so
Facebook doesn't have a particularly bad
ESG score on absolute terms but compared
to the rest of the tech sector which
tends to do better
it's called relatively poorly so within
our large cap growth ETF right it's
called poorly in tech it didn't make the
cutoff for text we didn't have it in
there so you know last year as Facebook
did quite well our performance suffered
this year without Facebook in that our
performance has done quite well and
divesting seems to be one way in which a
lot of people want to express their
values is that something that you're
seeing is is and how effective is
divesting as a method of making a
difference
so divestment is one tactic you can use
I think you know we have certain
industries where we do diverse from so
weapons manufacturers alcohol gambling
tobacco and then nuclear power however
you know those are industries that we
feel that like they're essentially
they're putting thats in stock basket
and so we divest beyond that I think if
you are just doing straight divesting
what you are doing is taking yourself
out of the conversation with with the
the company with the issue of the stock
for example if you were to divest from
energy companies you couldn't actually
be in a conversation with them as a
major shareholder encouraging them to
look at say renewables right so you need
to kind of weigh up diverse from which
is our I feel good cuz I'm not invested
in what I think is a sin stock versus
well I have no say in trying to
influence that company's behavior so it
can be a little bit self-defeating
because you've now
moved yourself from that conversation
with the company and how much does it
cost to be a good to be a socially
responsible investor our fees higher on
socially responsible investment products
not particularly I mean we pray sorry
rets
somewhere between the straight kind of
market cap way too benchmarked and you
know smart beta and when you look at how
we're scoring the companies someone said
to me was very much like non-financial
quality factors you can look at ESG is
almost like a smart beta overlay
particularly when you consider the risk
management aspects of it you know we
actually put together a series of
portfolios using all the building blocks
within our s GTF suite and it came in
most of the time under 30 basis points
so you think investors can actually you
know invest according to their beliefs
without paying over the odds to do so
and can you talk about that a little bit
like the smart beta and the benefit from
investing from not investing in things
like Facebook what was so if you think
about the factors themselves they are
effectively how well-run is the company
so you're looking at quality factors
right and quality is one of the more
nebulous of the smart beta major factors
and so you could say well actually this
is just another way of defining quality
in the company right
does it waste resources does it look
after its customers and get it stay out
of trouble with the regulators and you
know does it have a decent management
structure that encourages accountability
and so by having that framework in place
you're able to avoid companies like
Volkswagen BP before the Deepwater
Horizon incident had actually been
downgraded and removed from major ESG
indices over concerns about its
outsourcing of maintenance of offshore
oil wells right which is precisely what
happened there so it's really a very
very good risk management tool and you
know MSC a do research and I think they
found that companies in the bottom 10%
for ESG score had a much much higher
likelihood of what they deemed to be a
catastrophic or a material drop in share
price from from a from an incident and
by material they were talking ninety
percent and so you know by by actually
having this framework in place you are
really putting in place a a method for
trying to avoid tail risk from companies
that are badly run and may end up having
serious serious scandals in the press
you
you
