government are using this as another
propaganda tool by praising those people
to make them hero my name is a hen's
early I'm norsk in the factor and I grew
up inside North Korea and I left at the
country when I was a 17 and I wrote my
memoir called The Grove isn't seven
names except the bathroom toilet except
karate everywhere we have their pictures
in North Korea we have to have hang
their pictures on the world in the very
main room not only hang the postal on
the war but we have to hang all those
things on all tests as if it's somebody
don't have it it's considered you know
betrayer spy that's why you know it's
mandatory we have to clean the pictures
of the littles very well we have a very
special materials within white corals
you have to wipe the pictures with that
otherwise if you're caught if you're
cleaning with other dirty something
material so that was wiping your tables
everything if you were caught you'll be
sent to prison camp and you'll be in
huge trouble the people whose inspecting
whether the habit dusty or not on a
picture they are not telling us where
whether they're going to visit to every
household that they are just to promptly
busy whatever they want to do it a rare
white gloves so that they can't check
the glass of the pictures but it doesn't
mean that if you are caught by having
the best that you can be sent to prison
camp no but you will have a huge problem
it's a hassle they consider do you have
Alice Lloyd
