from a broader standpoint president
elect Trump I i would tell you we look
just from the perspective of our
industry and our business as this is
very positive development for our
industry and it's it's a positive
development just in terms of investment
and so forth if you think about the day
of the election there were five or six
key issues queued up at the FCC that
were being shoved through literally and
then they included you know privacy how
were to be regulated on privacy which
could not have been done absent net
neutrality business data services which
we've talked about there a list of five
or six of these those five or six issues
with the exception of zero rating are
done they're gone okay and a Republican
Commission Ajit Pai Michael O'Reilly are
strongly on record against all of those
and so it seems to us improbable that
those will be picked up again so just
stop five or six regulations that we're
going to slow down an industry probably
each of them would probably be wide wind
up in court at some point they're gone
all right why does the implication of
that to an industry that moves at the
speed of this one you know what is the
implication of that to an industry
that's pouring capital in and all sudden
you find yourself pausing and saying
should we invest there I think the
implications are big and I in fact I
would suggest that a lot of the
economists that have been commenting
about the impact of regulation are
missing the point there is no decision
whether it's doing a big acquisition
like time warner or whether it's saying
I'm going to put a service like DirecTV
now in the marketplace and I'm going to
price it with zero rated data all of
those require extensive deliberation and
calibration or what is the regulatory
implication of this it causes a stifling
in in corporate America to pause and
evaluate every move you make under this
guy's and so I think this is going to
have an impact on how fast innovation
happens I think it's going to have an
impact on how fast investment decisions
are made and capital allocation
decisions are made I think we're
understating what the implications are
if we truly do get to a more rational
regulatory environment
