sometimes people come in and they say to
me you know what I keep using lip
moisturizer and my skin feels drier the
lips feel drier I'm getting cracks
around the mouth and they say I keep
using it I'm using it constantly I feel
like I'm addicted to it and I say you
know what that may mean you're allergic
it's not an addiction it's not that your
lips need more and more you might have a
sensitivity to the ingredients in the
product which is making your lip feel
more irritated so that it might be just
that you need to change the product if
you still can't figure it out then see a
dermatologist make sure that they can
determine that a that there's not a
problem with the product and be that you
haven't developed some sort of a
condition of your lips that needs to be
treated in another way let's lose water
actually faster than the skin and so it
is important to moisturize the lips
