women hydrogen well there's a battery I
don't know that's why I think this is
interesting I've long been an advocate
of the hydrogen idea because I think
what hydrogen is in effect is a very
useful form of battery if you've got say
a waterfall in Scotland that's a form
event at form of natural energy I don't
like the term alternative energy because
energy is just energy but it's natural
energy but it's very difficult to use it
for anything unless you actually put a
water wheel and a factory under the
waterfall but if you use that to crack
hydrogen you can store the hydrogen
that's a problem in itself but you can
store it take it to somewhere else put
it in a fuel cell and then you can
effectively run your car or your house
or your factory from that waterfall now
there are infrastructural problems
transporting it storing it takes a lot
of energy to crack it but if it was
energy that you were going to use for
anything else
why not you get so much out of a tank of
hydrogen compared with a battery that it
is very appealing I've driven quite a
lot of hydrogen fuel-cell cars but I
don't know how you make it work as a
fuel infrastructure but it's I think
it's worth persevering with also we
don't have to decide one thing they will
for a very long time like when we switch
from am to FM on radios and then digital
they will all exist together you'll get
fossil fuel cars petrol and diesel
you'll get hybrids pure electrics maybe
hydrogen electrics maybe something else
that we haven't even thought of yet
