I think the biggest mistake is just a
lack of communication and you hear this
from a lot of people who are dating or
about to get married they don't know the
basics they don't know how much believe
they're not their partner makes it's not
maybe first date material but certainly
as your life together gets more serious
and you're moving in together and you're
getting married there are some things
that you need to know and studies show
that couples are not talking about these
basic things like salary debt savings
credit also goals you know just take a
step away from your the numbers for a
second and have you talked about well
where do we want to be together as a
couple in the next year five years do we
want to buy a home we want half children
we and when we do have children do we
want them to go to public school or
private school I mean all of these goals
carry price tags and it's important for
couples to at least get on the same page
ahead of time if you do have common
ground they can almost be a great way
for each person despite their
differences and how they manage money to
find a way to work together and now you
have these goals that you both are
invested in and want to achieve and will
hopefully allow you to encourage you to
make the better decisions and the
healthier decisions with your money and
should be less maybe selfish with how
you spend I think you know couples are
getting married later in life we're used
to managing our money in our own ways
and being very independent so when we
get in a relationship it's it's an
adjustment you know I have to now
consider this other person and our goals
and manage my money in with that
consciousness so I think the biggest
mistake is just having that
consciousness not being communicative it
can be scary to talk about these things
but ultimately it will help you get down
a path towards success together I think
if you can just get over that emotional
barrier
