during anxious times it can be tempting
to follow the siren call of the angriest
voices we must resist that temptation no
one who is willing to work hard abide by
our laws and love our traditions should
ever feel unwelcome in this country she
comes up to my office when she wants
campaign contributions and I've given
her tremendous contributions over the
years but I guess now that I'm running
she doesn't like me quite as much he
liked me better when I was a giver of
contributions and she does what I'm not
while I won't pretend to have always
been president elects biggest
cheerleader I did vote for him and I was
absolutely thrilled to see him win the
president-elect deserves tremendous
credit for the way he was able to
connect with the electorate but he did
not do it by celebrating the Republican
Party and the American people did not
vote for him because he had an art next
to his name he ran against both parties
against the political system at large a
system he argued was fundamentally
broken an argument that the voters
subscribe to in massive numbers
