one of the bizarre things if you look at
businesses is how easy it is for people
to give financial bonus and how
difficult it is for people to give
compliments you think about compliments
they're basically free right if you give
somebody a compliment you're happier the
person who gave the compliment the
person who listened to the compliment is
happier because they got the compliment
everybody benefits the same thing holds
for giving people credit I mean think
about there's a there's a group and it
always seemed like there's a question of
whose ideas is it really what does it
matter right why don't we give more
people credit why can't more people feel
connected and enjoying things and it's
interesting that I think we we have such
specific rules about bonuses and money
and how we allocate it and think about
contribution that the things we don't do
well are compliments and a sense of
ownership in the sense of contribution I
think we did more on that and less
worried about the money I think we
actually would get people to be more
motivated rather than less there are
lots of cases in which we pay people for
specific things and while doing that we
decrease the overall goodwill and
motivation toward the company and the
point is that when we pay people we can
see an immediate increase in
productivity but what we don't see to
also create a long-term disassociation
where people basically saying really
this is it that's the reason I'm here
not that interesting in fact that's what
we saw in things like the No Child Left
Behind policy where we motivated
motivated we created an incentive for
teachers to get slightly more slightly
higher amount of money if their kids do
very well on some exams and what
happened was that the overall motivation
in the system went down
