that was a day I was in the elevator
going up to meet the Donald Trump I was
a young broker he was already powerful I
was fearful of him but I wanted to make
him my friend so I published a report
called the top ten condominium survey
and he came in 9th and 10th and he was
publicizing Trump Tower the most
expensive address at all the world but
when I checked the numbers his numbers
were inaccurate so I published the real
numbers and sent it over my messenger
and said Donal I think you ought to see
this before I release it to the press
but of course I had primed my secretary
if Donald Trump calls tell him I'm busy
I was brave like three blocks away I was
scared to death in that mirror to
elevator going into the top floor Trump
town thinking oh my god what did I do
this for I'm Lin hot water what am I
gonna do what am I gonna do but as he's
screaming with that hair flying all over
even back then maybe a maybe a little
bit more real blonde than it is now
without the love the love I'm just doing
a shouting I mean I'm in this little
mini chair that he purposely makes low
and he's looking down I mean his desk is
like the size of an airport hangar you
know I'm like oh one of the month most
remembered and treasured moments of my
life it sounds so stupid how you
treasure these things but was when I got
out of that mini chair he stuck me in
went over to his side of the desk and
had the courage to put my hand on his
shoulder look over shore and say I have
an idea what if we counted by price per
room versus price per flipper or
whatever the solution was and he became
the winner in my report I don't think I
could have thought of a solution from my
desk or my home or my bed that I stayed
up all night worrying I couldn't think
of anything but put someone under
pressure not just me anybody who's worth
anything under pressure which is a great
majority of great entrepreneurs and you
see the best of what's in them and yet
most people won't go through the door
it's about going through the door and
the universe supports you once you get
in they get rewarded for courage that's
what I believed but after that it was
according to the Corcoran report Trump
Tower the most expensive address in the
world paid still by Donald Trump
