but if I win I am going to instruct my
attorney general to get a special
prosecutor to look into your situation
but if I win I am going to instruct my
attorney general to get a special
prosecutor to look into your situation
because there has never been so many
lies so much deception there has never
been anything like it so we're going to
get a special prosecutor and we're going
to look into it because you know what
people have been their lives have been
destroyed for doing one fifth of what
you've done and it's a disgrace and
honestly you ought to be ashamed of you
so obviously we have breaking news this
morning that Donald Trump's not going to
be pursuing investigations against
Hillary and the administration vienes do
you think you'll encourage Republicans
on the hill to stay away from that as
well and focus more on their legislative
agenda I think when the president-elect
who's also the head of your party now
Joe tells you before he's even
inaugurated he doesn't wish to pursue
these charges that sends a very strong
message tone and content to the members
and I think Hillary Clinton still has to
face the fact that a majority of
Americans don't find her to be honest or
trustworthy but if Donald Trump can help
her heal then perhaps that's a good
thing I do look I think he's thinking of
many different things as he prepares to
become the president of the United
States and things that sound like the
campaign aren't among them
you
