you don't have a mom Auntie Anne's
Pretzels it's great definitely like
retail in general is really really
changing I think people are just
shopping different ways obviously the
online business is so different now
people like the you know like this idea
of getting something directly to their
home people are busy everyone's busy let
me tell you wherever you live you're
busy so people now really just want you
know that instant you know I don't know
it's such a different world and I think
that that's why the mall it won't be
able to be around forever because people
just don't have time to get up go shop
you know it's like two miles it's like
who has time to go store to shore and
look for something or you can find it on
your phone in five minutes
that is definitely a challenge luckily
for me and my world like our clothes
still I think are a little bit
aspirational so they're not everywhere
so hopefully people will still try to
find them
which is which is nice but yeah retail
is really different now even me I don't
want to walk them all so much work and
you got a kids everywhere Oh tired I
mean it's like people get anxiety you
know in general in a mall space because
you're overwhelmed because there's a lot
of product thrown thrown at you which
you know it's the same with you when
you're online and people hate ads they
hate pop-ups because it's too much
information and one thing and I think
malls are a lot of information so it's
like you're you're thinking about all
these different brands and then you lose
focus of what you went in for which
obviously is the American Way I think
which is okay I mean it's great people
built you know such big businesses from
it but it is a challenge to to focus on
what you really want and need or or want
to find
