the fact that we elected our first
african-american president is no small
feat none of us thought we'd see that in
our lifetime get most still open way too
many immigrants have been picked up and
sent out of the country his Justice
Department has gone after more
whistleblowers people trying to tell us
the truth what was going on then then I
think all the past presidents
presidencies combined so there's a lot
of things that that I'm not happy with
getting elected twice this country voted
for a man whose middle name was Hussein
that makes me feel so good about this
country that's who our fellow Americans
are I think this is that's a good thing
the fact that we elected our first
african-american president is no small
feat none of us thought we'd see that in
our lifetime that was in and of itself a
great accomplishment and since then he's
done so many things and supported so
many things he hasn't be able to get
much done because the Congress decided
on day one that they were gonna fight
him and block him on the other hand it
seems like every week now in his last
months in office he's trying to get
people out of prison who shouldn't be
there
you know nonviolent drug offenders
should not be behind bars he knows that
and so he's trying to pardon or release
as many of them as possible which i
think is a great thing there isn't a big
long list of things to show but what he
could do in the executive branch he's
done and we owe a great debt to him and
I think a lot of us are gonna miss him
you
