vice president like pets we welcome you
and we truly affect you for joining us
here at Hamilton an American you can
really do we sir we are a diverse
America who are alive and anxious that
your new administration will not protect
us parents or defend us and a whole hour
inalienable rights sir but we truly look
and this show has inspired to hold our
American values and to work on half of
all of us
this wonderful American story told by a
diverse group of men and women of
different colors Creed's
it was a real joy to be there and you
know when we arrived we heard we heard a
few boos and we heard some cheers and I
nudged my kids and reminded them that's
what freedom sounds like and but at the
end I you know why I did hear what was
said from the stage and i can tell you I
wasn't offended by what was said I'll
leave to others whether that was the
appropriate venue to say it when Donald
Trump tweeted that this was harassment
of his vice president-elect your
response was I cently informing that
harassment or rather conversation is not
harassment you know and I was really
appreciated that that Vice
president-elect pense stood there and
listened to what we had to say I mean
and I know some people have said that
you know a one-sided conversation or
lecture is not conversation but it was
the beginning of a conversation I hope
that we can continue to have we assume
that no Polly is forthcoming there is no
that's nothing to apologize for
