usually a good wine shop has a great
table dedicated to that which makes
things easier
I think the Beaujolais category is
outstanding for that domain ruat does an
outstanding job and they usually fly
under the radar for sparkling wines I
think there's some really great domestic
stuff Caracciola in general I think
Portugal is one of the greatest values
in the wine world they have an immense
history there's a producer called Vera
and they make a variety of different
white wines that are crisp in minerally
and textured and really unique from
grapes that are indigenous to the
country and the wines are super
affordable if you like Spanish wines
that have a little bit of more of a
grittier texture maybe not tons of fruit
though there's a producer in Rio
spiciest of Galicia Spain in the
northwestern corner called Pedro langa
and they make a red called Tinto Dona
which is outstanding and really
affordable this producer green mauro in
an area known as Ribeiro sacra not too
far that there's another great wine for
a super affordable price in the Rhone
Valley I think kind of more it'll be
less serious but really delicious Syrah
is pretty abundant there's a producer
named Rayburn a row stank that he makes
kind of declassified coat roti called
Lela lizard Alan gray Oh makes an
outstanding crows armitage which is an
area next to the hill of Hermitage you
can also find coat drone bottlings from
people like Michelle Ogier
in that area that's really affordable
and if you can get your hands on a
domain Jame which is my favorite
producer in Italy's back to nebula for
things like Barolo it comes from a
larger area called Boulanger and they
can also just make straight long Dana
violas like V Eddie Bruno jocosely even
and then you can go further north into a
place called La Zona still in Piedmont
and proprietary no and to neut Acela are
two of my absolute favorites for
recently I think there's a lot of people
that make really great affordable wines
Peter Lauer in this
sar of germany close to the mosel river
makes some pretty great entry-level
Rieslings
and then the Loire Valley I think Chenin
Blanc is really one of the greatest
values that you can find there's a
plethora of just awesome easygoing wines
from either a larger area called Anjou
produces like T Bo boudin yone or things
from Vouvray domain huette is definitely
my favorite that should hit right around
the $25.00 maybe $30 in a wine shop I
don't think there's really a better wine
out there for that money
