I've been very worried about what Trump
said in in in his election campaign on a
whole lot of issues I mean you know
universal health care and Obama care was
not perfect it could it could have been
made perfect and it should not be
destroyed and every country needs a
universal health care system and you
know countries need to strive to to get
them as near perfection as possible
I come from a country which has a
universal health system that by and
large works canada by and large works
and and it saves an awful lot of misery
issue-by-issue
I am disturbed by what was said on on
the campaign I think we just got to give
Donald Trump and his team three months
six months to see whether or not it was
just things said on the campaign or
whether they really mean it if they
really means some of these things you
know I think we as business leaders have
got to get up there and speak out very
loudly and if anything rally together to
try to fill fill the gap and make sure
that and people do not suffer as a
result of this presidency he got elected
because a lot of working-class people
felt that he could help them and if he's
not helping them we as business leaders
must step in and help them clean energy
it can create hundreds of thousands of
jobs if the government decides to go
back to reopening coal mines again it's
not a very nice work very dangerous for
the environment it would be so much
better if if the government could
incentivize companies to go into in it
create a clean world there's so many so
many issues that came out of this
election campaign which are worrying
well we'll have to see whether on second
reflections that they get it right
