our week president that kisses
everybody's if you are going to be the
president the United States you have to
be born in this country we're not going
to be able to solve our problems if we
get distracted by sideshows and carnival
barkers no one is happier no one is
prouder to put this birth certificate
matter to rest van the Donald and that's
because he can finally get back to
focusing on the issues that matter like
did we fake the moon landing say what
you will about mr. Trump he certainly
would bring some change to the White
House see what we've got up there
President Obama is the least transparent
president in the history of this country
all he has to do to get 5 million
dollars for a charity or charities of
his choice is get his colleges to
immediately give his applications and
records and also to release his passport
records yes beggars meeting with leaders
from around the world the Sweden miss
argentina miss asura by Jean Isis is
honoring President Obama he is the
founder of Isis he's the founder of Isis
was the founder he founded either the
guy says stuff then no buddy would find
tolerable if they were applying for a
job at 7-eleven
