working together we will begin the
urgent task of rebuilding our nation and
renewing the American dream every single
American will have the opportunity to
realize his or her fullest potential
they're forgotten men and women of our
country will be forgotten no longer we
are going to fix our inner cities and
rebuild our highways bridges tunnels
airport schools hospitals we're going to
rebuild our infrastructure which will
become by the way second to none and we
will put millions of our people to work
as we rebuild it all people and all
other nations we will seek common ground
not hostility partnership not conflict
it's been what they call a historic
event but to be really historic we have
to do a great job and I promise you that
I will not let you down and I can only
say that while the campaign is over our
work on this movement is now really just
beginning it's my honor there's an
amazing evening it's been an amazing
two-year period and I love this country
