first up we have DiGiorno it's very
doughy very very going it tastes like
it's just dough and sauce with a hint of
cheese even though there's a lot of
cheese on this the crush is not crushed
at all this is just one continuation
from pizza dough of DiGiorno dough it
feels like a no crust pizza or a
crustless pizza but this tastes great
you could fool me into thinking that
this was delivery I might think this is
a Papa John's maybe even the Domino's it
tastes good for a lower quality pizza
would I buy this I'm not a big frozen
pizza person but if I had to buy frozen
pizza I would buy a DiGiorno this is the
Red Baron for cheese pizza this one is
definitely thinner than the DiGiorno
look at this oh man it's so much
crustier like you veneers a crunch to it
there's a little bit of a kick in there
I don't like the sauce in this one even
though there's very little sauce I don't
like that this one have you gave this to
me blind I would think that it had to be
frozen pizza I would guess it was frozen
pizza this this is not going to fake me
out by any means or this tastes like it
was a piece of pizza that was left out
on the counter for a day or something
like that if the journal was a good
frozen pizza this was a bad frozen pizza
last we have tombstone extra cheese
this is disgusting oh this is usually
the worst piece of pizza that I've ever
tasted in my life I would rather eat a
piece of pizza that was sitting out on
the counter for a day that eat this
honestly this tastes like cardboard
like this one looked sad when I pulled
it out of the package and it tastes just
as sad as it looks I think this might
even have freezer burn on it I'm getting
nauseous here eating this one
