if it's possible to be famous and yet
not really well known that describes the
father who raised me my advocacy of
women trying to empower them at all
aspects of their life started long
before this presidential campaign did
I've never politicized that message
people who are seeking to politicize it
because they may disagree with the
politics of my father there's nothing I
can do to change that
if it's possible to be famous and yet
not really well known that describes the
father who raised me my father not only
has a strength and ability necessary to
be our next president but also the
kindness and the greatness of heart who
will enable him to be the leader that
this country needs my father wants all
Americans to succeed no one has more
faith in the American people than my
father he will fight for you all the
time every time I'm Donald Trump and I
approve this message
