so this is a chill GT my cruiser version
or as much of a cruiser version as you
can get with McLaren these days of a car
called the 570 and if you've watched us
before we had a red 5 70s supercar
earlier this summer
spirited country driving and this car is
supposed to be just back so instead of
it being a race car for the road
this car is supposed to be much chiller
and much more soft and much more refined
than a normal supercar and here's the
big difference between the 570 and 570 T
so normal supercars we have mesh or
glass underneath we have this beautiful
engine to look at if you look underneath
here
no engine and that's because this car is
meant to be used it's meant for like you
know custom luggage to fit in here
here's the front
so this cover is actually pretty usable
here's my jacket my bag pretty big for a
broom it's pretty big for a front it's
not you know Tesla Model S Pen but it
works you can send a lot of stuff inside
is this McLaren cabin help you notice
there's a little dip right here and
that's because this car like all the
other McLaren supercars are built in a
carbon fiber tub kind of like a Formula
One race car so it's a really strong
really light it's just surrounds the
driver and of course here we have you
know the absolutely necessary cupholders
and another cup holder up front along
with the 570 GT badge that we're all
looking for
