I just got back from Florida I was
begging for like a regular commercial
ivory snow heinz ketchup every
commercial was a hit on try hit hit hit
and almost all of them were untrue
somewhere pretty good actually but the
most negative it's horrible and really I
mean so much fabrication see what I have
is a winning temperament I have a
winning temperament Hillary is an
unstable person she is a nun I think
she's probably spent 500 million dollars
on phony ads best thing I have is my
temperament I'm also honored to have the
greatest temperament that anybody has
knocked the crap out of would you like
to punch him in the face Donald Trump
may not have the temperament to be
President maybe should have been roughed
up it's gonna hit this guy so hard his
head would spin and be carried out on a
stretcher folks the real issue in this
campaign is the temperament of Donald
Trump she's a vicious horrible person
such a nasty right that fat ugly face
doesn't have the judgment doesn't have
the temperament Trump going after the
conne family a gold star family no
reason for more people to doubt whether
he has the basic temperament don't worry
about it a little Marco tell that they
want to be unpredictable I could stand
in the middle of Fifth Avenue and shoot
somebody he fundamentally lacks the
knowledge the character and temperament
may not be stable he is like a bull who
charges without thinking of the
consequences I'm also honored to have
the greatest temperament that anybody
has
you
