in the old days planting a flag was a
symbol of ownership but that changed in
the 20th century when space became the
new frontier there are six American
flags on the moon today but the u.s. is
no closer to owning it than any other
country that's because of the outer
space treaty established in 1967 when it
comes to space this treaty is the law of
the land so to speak it explicitly
prohibits any country or state from
owning the moon or any other celestial
body it also bans any sort of military
activity in space including the storage
testing or use of nuclear weapons even
taking a flag to the moon was
controversial because of the treaty
that's why NASA filed the project to
design the flag for Apollo 11 as top
secret as a 2015 104 countries around
the world signed the treaty
