this is a food heating radio box it uses
radio waves to heat food different kinds
of radio machines use different sizes of
waves but this radio box uses the same
size of wave as computer hotspots in
your house it starts with the power
changer which turns the power from the
wall into a kind of power that's better
for making radio waves then the radio
wave maker let's power fly around
through the spaces inside it this builds
up a radio wave of a certain size like
how an empty bottle plays a certain note
if you blow over the hole at the top the
radio waves then move down the radio
hallway and into the food box the metal
spinner changes the shape of the radio
waves so the warm spots where the waves
are strong move around a little the
radio waves heat the water inside food
by pushing the tiny pieces water is made
of to make them go faster as the pieces
move faster they get hotter which makes
the food warmer but the shape of the
waves can cause certain spots to be
hotter than others so the food plate
spins to give each piece of food some
time in the hot areas these boxes make
it much easier for people to eat without
spending a long time making their food
