I think that politicians definitely
employ a lot of the same techniques as
con artists do it's a question of degree
and in my mind a question of intent so
con artists are intentionally deceiving
you many politicians don't don't do that
they use the same tactics but they you
know they genuinely believe in what
they're doing they're trying to make the
world a better place they think they
will make the world a better place so I
write about the dark triad of trades
psychology narcissism Machiavellianism
and that's over-represented in con
artists it's also over-represented in
politicians there are some interesting
speculations about Donald Trump is he
actually deceiving people intentionally
there are speculations that he really
knows exactly what he's doing and he's
playing the media that he actually
doesn't believe a lot of what he says
but he knows how to stay in the
spotlight if that's the case and that is
certainly a con technique I'm sure that
people would would say that about some
of the other candidates as well but I
think the the Donald Trump deception
part is pretty pretty uncontroversial if
if we knew what he was thinking by the
way maybe he's not doing it on purpose
in which case not a con artists just the
person that you see and just someone who
rubs me personally
you
