I have a strong bias for outsiders I
think the insiders are often much more
polished they're talented pollens but a
lot of what they do does feel to me like
rearranging deck chairs on the Titanic
do you see this election as anything
more than a contest to see will be who
be the next captain of the Titanic well
i hope i hope not I worry about the
decline I take it very seriously and and
one of the things i think i would have
liked to see a race between Trump and
Sanders because I think both of them
viscerally felt the decline and
viscerally we very much disagreed about
what caused it what to do about it but
that would have been a very different
sort of debate what we have is a debate
between you know one candidate who says
everything's more or less fine or it's
as good as it can be and then another
one who says you know that we're on the
Titanic it's about to sink and so I
prefer the second one
