going to the gym and you know talking
about current events for the three
quarters of their workout session
instead of getting busy it's really a
big problem when you you know when your
trainer wants to talk you know he's your
psychologist and you talk about current
events workout let's go let's start
they're needing the stretch mode I
didn't stretch quite as much and
actually getting warm before I stretch
like a lot of times you know I used to
stretch cold but if you think about it
that's like a rubber band a cold rubber
band if you pull it pop but if you warm
it up first then you can get a little
more elasticity and stretch out of it so
stretching for me I think after a little
a light jog really warming up then
stretching then getting really getting
into it has been important that's really
important now in terms of the rest of
that is according to body type you know
you can't like again you can't just say
what somebody's doing wrong without
seeing them you know I think that that's
like that's like these guys who work out
and try to know it all you know the
reality is you don't know because you
have to see the person everybody's body
is different like you may have a guy in
there who's who's who's curling all day
long and when you look at him what he
really needs to do is cut carbs and get
on a treadmill you know and he looks
decent but you know or you may have a
guy who you know who's like you know has
a creatine addiction but the reality is
it makes them bloat it keeps water on
there's muscles and he has that kind of
work you know you look a little more
watery it's a corner what it is you know
everybody's different
you
