fine you know what I've actually heard
of it vine is this amazing app the
social media app for videos they're
becoming like a thing I actually have
never heard of I'm i really like fine I
know it's ad that's connected to Twitter
pictures that make a video it's great
you press a button to film it's a
six-second video I think it's seven
second video and second something like
that yeah I know you can edit it as well
there's no editing of all is able to go
on to other arm social networks and it
loops what do you think you might make
with a with a vine oh Christ uh my
friend mike has hangover Saturdays so
every Saturday post a vine about how
long / he is we had seven seconds the
record we could just do this basketball
games this guy like spit out like a
lemon or something graduation ceremonies
why do you think they're so short
because less is more that's that's
definitely the most important thing
people have I guess shorter attention
spans at this point and they want
instant gratification vine seems like
it's kind of dying down now that
instagram has videos right when I was
about the son of a vine Instagram would
install their thunder and they actually
have like 15 second videos I do think
there's a future for these kind of
videos because I think video is just
making its way into into social media
more frequently just going to continue
to expand they'll be like a trend and
then they'll kind of like Peter off into
the abyss
