why haven't we found et if they're
really out there why haven't we found
them yet and given all the effort
well the begin where there hasn't been
that much effort because the search for
extraterrestrial intelligence in this
country is all funded by donations you
know people will send you a $10 $20 bill
and it's really hard to conduct a major
research program that way because there
isn't really adequate funding it's not
it's not government funded I think the
public thinks it is but it hasn't been
for more than two decades now when I
joined the SETI Institute and it was in
the early 1990s it was still a NASA
project it didn't cost very much it was
one one thousandth of the total NASA
budget was costing every American about
three cents per year but that was killed
in 1993 by a congressman who was looking
for some excuse to you know save the
taxpayers money well it saved every
taxpayer about three cents per year
why if they not put that back into the
budget it's it's just politics to be
quite honest it's it's rather difficult
to get something back into a NASA budget
when it's been taken out so yeah NASA
spends hundreds of millions and in some
cases billions of dollars to send
robotic probes to nearby worlds like
Mars and the moons of Jupiter and Saturn
looking for life I mean that's what
really motivates a lot of this stuff and
yet you know an extra fraction of 1% to
look for intelligent life it has not
been politically feasible all this time
