Stephen Hawking once said hey look you
know be careful about broadcasting into
space cuz you don't know what's out
there and you're alerting them to the
fact that we're here and who knows maybe
99% of them are you know very
peace-loving and and into poetry and
stuff like that but maybe 1% of them are
not they're hostile and if you happen to
hit those guys maybe they will you know
do something terrible like trying to you
know obliterate the earth or something
else that would ruin your whole day you
know you can make that argument if you
of that sort if you're kind of paranoid
about letting anybody know that you're
around but the facts are that we have
been doing that for the last 70 years
ever since the Second World War we've
had FM radio we've had television and
mostly we've had radar so the radar set
down at the local airport that's
broadcasting into space
sure it's not great programming but
anybody who's advanced enough to
actually come here will have big
antennas and they'll be able to pick
that stuff up so we've already sort of
you know rang a bell saying hey by the
way not only life here on earth but
there's life that can build a
transmitter if you want to worry about
that I mean it's too late to do much
about it we've been doing it for 70
years
