the only difference between the seal of
today and the seal of my day
in my day we lived by the Las Vegas rule
what happens on deployment stays on
deployment today they seem to want to
come home and get rich over at write
books do movies and all that stuff we
didn't do that my day we were the quiet
professionals in fact in the days of
Vietnam the public really didn't even
know SEAL team existed because we more
know emblems all we had was jump wings
and US Navy on our uniforms nobody knew
who we were but today they've turned
them into the Green Berets like John
Wayne and the Green Berets they've done
today too the seals what they did to the
Green Berets in Vietnam and they're
doing it to themselves with this
attitude if I'm going to get rich but I
don't blame them because we're paying
mercenaries $300,000 $400,000 a year to
be in Iraq while the Navy SEALs they're
doing a more dangerous job and getting
paid what thirty thousand a year so you
can see them saying well I want to go
profit off this war too because that's
all Wars about is profit for the profit
ears I don't agree with the seals coming
home and writing books about I've
included in my books but never a
deployment story I only tell stories of
stateside going through training
whatever it might have been and that's
where the seal of today differs from the
one of yesterday we didn't we were quiet
warriors we didn't talk about what we
did
