you are fascinated with sex and you
don't care about public policy that's
what I get out of watching you tonight
the three major networks spent 23
minutes attacking Donald Trump that
night and 57 seconds on Hillary
Clinton's secret speeches you don't
think this is a scale of bias worthy of
Pravda in as vest yeah I mean you want
to know why Donald Trump's had a rough
time sexual predator that is not a
sexual program I'm not gonna defend that
statement I am sick and tired of people
like you using language that's
inflammatory that's not true excuse me
mr. Sanger Donald don't you have no idea
whether it's true or not what we know is
that there are neither do you that's
right and I'm not taking a position on
it Hillary Clinton in a secret speech in
Brazil to a bank the page at 225,000
saying her dream is an open border where
600 million people could come to America
that's not worth covering that is when
you want to go back doing the tapes of
your show recently you are fascinated
with sex and you don't care about public
policy that's what I get out of watching
you tonight do you want to comment on
whether the Clinton ticket has a
relationship to a sexual predator we on
the Kelly file have covered that story
as well sir
I will tell you this when I use the
words I want to hear your words Bill
Clinton's sexual predator I dare you say
Bill Clinton's sexual predator mr.
speaker this is barred by the Iowa by
Arkansas bar the disbarred by Arkansas
bar 850 thousand dollar penalty excuse
me sir we on the Kelly file have covered
the Clinton matter as well we've hosted
Kathleen Willey we covered the examples
of him being accused as well but he's
not on the ticket and the polls also
show that the American public is less
interested in the deeds of Hillary
Clinton's husband than they are in the
deeds of the man who asks us to make him
president Donald Trump we're gonna have
to leave it at that
and you can take your anger issues and
spend some time working on the mr.
speaker thanks for being on you too and
you too
