you have the French bulldogs with the
shortened snouts the Cavalier King
Charles Spaniels where they had the
problem over in England of breeding the
dogs with the skulls too small for their
brains I think it's a fair one to say
and right now there's an awful lot of
controversy about the German Shepherd
where they're now calling them half dog
half frog because the the backs are
becoming so sloped and the back legs are
so low to the ground it just looks
bizarre there are German Shepherd
breeders who are devout devotees of the
German Shepherd breed not willing to
breed this way and saying stop what
you're doing it's not good for the dogs
they can't walk normally are their backs
going to hurt when they get older in
England they recently had to change the
rules of the Kennel Club over there
because they had to insert a clause that
said you can no longer breed father's
two daughters just to get good looks now
most people would think why why do we
have to write that down in order for
people to realize that that's wrong but
there are some breeders not not all of
course but there are some who do that
