I took that same mentality I started so
enjoyed right off this corner it was all
consistency and all I had to do was show
up and deliver every single day and
that's what I did
Tom body began in prison I felt the pain
point when I came home and nobody really
wanted to hire me it was overwhelming
because I would go to like hmm or I
could go would like to any job site and
be like oh can I fill out an application
and they're like go online and fill out
the application and I'm like uh how do I
do that
you know how do I look for something
online nobody wanted to give you like
business insurance they said oh I'm
sorry we can't you have a record like
straight up like that but it was just a
determination and just showing up and
delivering every single time I felt like
I if I showed up and stood there
something was gonna happen
and that's how I did it while I was on
drugs I took that same mentality I
started so enjoyed right off this corner
i sat on him l crate song crack I was
making it sometimes 40 50 bucks a day
and then eventually I was making I made
tens of thousands of dollars in a day
but I it was all consistency and all I
had to do was show up and deliver every
single day and that's what I did
and then you just hear a lot of
discrimination behind like forming
incarcerated people they're lazy they
don't work the untapped talent that
people just like overlooked and I feel
like there didn't work harder than other
regular people you know they're more
appreciative that they have a second
chance usually I get my one of the
trainer's video thank you so much you
know I really appreciate this
opportunity youth like changed my life
like I I could provide for my kid now
like things like that you know and it
just it brings me back
