I really dislike the question where do
you see yourself in five years at this
point
it's outdated because things are
changing so quickly now we have no clue
what our lives are gonna look like in
five years and the economy is changing
so quickly now that entire businesses
and job categories are being created in
the span of five years so instead of
trying to put the pressure on yourself
to have a five-year plan that you need
to stick to I find it much more helpful
to think in terms of a shorter timeframe
a one or two year vision for success
most of us can look out and say one year
from now
what does smashing success look like and
you may not know exactly even if you
don't you know you want to make a change
but you're not sure what that is you can
ask yourself questions like what does my
ideal average day look like how do I
want to feel what kinds of people do I
want to be connecting with or meeting
what kind of impact do I want to make
and then you can start running
experiments and scanning for people
skilled and projects to take you closer
to that vision whether or not you hit
the one-year vision or not precisely it
doesn't really matter but you're
anchoring in something compelling and
exciting and that's what carries us
through the lowest moments of our pivots
when we get discouraged and hit a dip
and want to quit because if you're just
focused on what you don't want and
what's not working that doesn't put any
fuel in the tank
