trump has changed his tone on russia
nikki Haley is someone with a long
political future and she's very aware of
that
she is not someone that is about to to
sit in kowtow we've seen that on her
statements on Russia consistently since
she's become UN ambassador there's no
question she's been probably the most
hawkish of the major Trump advisers on
Russia from day one when a lot of people
have been criticizing Trump for being
unwilling to go after Putin individually
Trump has changed his tone on Russia he
has become harder line he has supported
putting very significant sanctions
against major Russian oligarchs which is
putting a serious crimp on the Russian
economy much worse than what we saw from
Europeans that was Trump directly
supporting those sanctions but we've
also seen Trump still angry about the
idea of getting rid of 60 Russian
diplomats and doing more than individual
European countries even though the u.s.
is bigger we've seen Trump being much
more upset about at most recently with
nikki Haley when she says we're gonna
with definitely putting more sanctions
on and he overturns her so there's
something about the Trump Putin
relationship at least in Trump's mind
that makes him not want to take him on
in the same way that pretty much
everyone in Congress and many of those
in his own administration want him to
it's unusual particularly because Trump
usually doesn't care about offending
people like if someone annoys him or
does something bad to him he is the
first one to hang up the phone we saw
that with the Australian Prime Minister
for example he's the first one to insult
an offender ectly in a meeting we've
seen that with a host of leaders the
Mexicans for example many of the
Europeans
this is not something that upsets Trump
personally so it's a little unusual and
because it's nikki Haley who sees
herself not just as a Trump person but
you know former governors someone that
you know certainly is thinking about
higher positions in the future she think
about her own brand more than she's
thinking about her brand visa B's Trump
and obviously if she gets in a lot of
headlines that is that makes her a
little more vulnerable in terms of
Trump's own decision to keep her or not
but at the end of the day everyone in
the Trump administration has a half-life
that is that seems to be a little small
or a little shorter than that of other
administrations we've ever seen so
whether she thinks she could really last
for four years or eight I think is an
open question
