oh one second I feel like the way I'm
sitting makes me look fat no you
actually I can see it you look really
trim okay okay so you look good keep
going ok cheers remember what I was
saying try not to cut me off again
you're such a brat when they were giving
us their hard-earned money and the idea
of hey this is the latest greatest thing
knowing that in two years it's not the
latest greatest thing I just thought for
the value of what people are doing it's
just it's easier and smarter really to
stick with timeless pallets and then you
can obviously change that out with a rug
or with pillows or even paint but when
it comes to doing super trendy stuff I
just think stick with what's classic and
then you can you can layer with the
other things that won't really kill the
budget
