so a lot of people have been hearing
about negative interest rates and of
course if you live in Europe or Japan
you've seen them negative interest rates
are when a bank puts money with the
Federal Reserve they banks Bank right
now they pay them to park their money
sometimes it's zero but it's a little
bit positive and they've said you know
if we have a really deep recession we
might want to charge banks to park money
at the Fed in order to push them to lend
their money out into the system and in
order to encourage investment in
consumption now you don't do this just
on a normal sunny day you do this when
you have a deep financial crisis which
hopefully won't happen for another 70
years but probably will happen sooner
the Federal Reserve that's our central
bank has typically cut interest rates by
over 5% in a recession well right now
the interest rates you know creeping up
towards 1 percent and after two years
maybe it'll be 2 percent and if we have
a recession what are we gonna do right
now we've only had a few countries
tiptoe into negative interest rates that
includes Switzerland Sweden also the
European Central Bank of Japan and the
results have been mixed I think it has
worked well in Sweden it's worked in
Switzerland Japan it didn't work so well
the Europeans think you know it's
neutral but you have to remember they
haven't really prepared for it so first
of all you have to deal with hoarding if
they're gonna go to a big negative
interest rate why should I take that
when I could hold a cache in the United
States we still use cheques I got to say
not many countries do and theoretically
if somebody sends you a cheque you could
wait a long time to cash it no I don't
do that but if the interest rate was
minus 5% you know why don't I let that
come out of your account instead of my
account that kind of problem but these
things can be dealt with
