the United States Football League was a
league intended to play football in the
spring that lasted between 1983 and 1985
so they had three seasons and as a
spring league in that first year it was
pretty they didn't do badly they didn't
make money but they had decent TV
ratings they had two TV networks they
had Herschel Walker they had Steve Young
they had Jim Kelly
it had possibilities Trump buys the
generals before the second season the
first thing he says is if God had wanted
spring football he wouldn't have
invented baseball so he buys into a
spring league having every intention to
move it to the fall to go head to head
with the NFL because that's the way he
thinks it was a terrible terrible
decision at the beginning of the third
season the league actually decided that
for the fourth season they would go to
the fall the network's were furious the
players knew it wasn't going to work out
the losses really started a mound the
owners were getting incredibly upset
Trump had a solution however his
solution was we're gonna sue we're going
to sue the NFL for being monopolist a
large part of the argument was we can't
get a network contract cuz they have all
three networks are locked up so they
must be a monopolist the jury did in
fact rule that the NFL was a monopolist
that had harmed USFL they had asked for
1.2 billion dollars in damages and the
jury said we're gonna give you $1 and in
antitrust cases that's treble so that's
$3 add interest that's three dollars and
76 cents and that's how much the USFL
god and that was the end of the USFL
thanks mainly to Donald Trump
you
