if only NASCAR were more like NASA so
you know I have bones to pick with
NASCAR they're low-tech on purpose yes
they now there's some fuel injection and
stuff but there's so low performance in
terms of gas mileage it's it's very
frustrating and so I would love to have
the rules of NASCAR to change so that
they rewarded efficiency and on
motorcycle racing they do that now
there's a fuel restriction but what if
they had a fuel restriction on NASCAR
and what if somebody really got into it
and we're allowed to operate an electric
car on the NASCAR circuit the habits are
the batteries could be changed in
pitstop fashion and an electric car then
would win the rate handily win any
NASCAR race they have to be dropped out
of the car put in plug and be reliable
and roll well what if NASCAR decided to
embrace that
what if NASCAR decided to reward
efficiency decided to reward electric
cars so what I would like is for NASCAR
to celebrate the future rather than the
past it could revolutionize the sport it
could revolutionize ground
transportation
