I will totally accept the results of
this great and historic presidential
election if I win biz a tradition in
this country in fact one of the prize of
this country is the peaceful transition
of power and that no matter how hard for
what a campaign is that at the end of
the campaign that the loser concedes to
the winner not saying that you're
necessarily going to be the loser or the
winter but that the loser concedes to
the winner and that the country comes
together in part for the good of the
country are you saying you're not
prepared now to quote a passage is that
I will tell you at the time I'll keep
you in suspense I would like to promise
and pledge to all of my voters and
supporters and to all of the people of
the united states that i will totally
accept the results of this great and
historic presidential election if i win
