I think if the cartels can vote they
would vote for Donald Trump his policies
Susan down to the ground he's planning
to build this wall that could raise the
price of drugs in the United States it
won't do much to reduce consumption
because people who are addicted to drugs
on the whole aren't very responsive to
prices so all it will succeed in doing
is inflating the value of the criminal
economy it will mean bigger profits for
the cartels he talks about to crack down
at the border but crossing the border is
what they do best it's where their
advantage lies that's where they make
their money that's why drugs cost so
much more in the States than they do in
Mexico if he builds this wool which by
the way I don't think he will all he's
going to do is raise the price in the
state and increase their profits they're
going to be rolling in money thanks to
President Donald Trump
