patriotism should never be used as a
sword to condemn or demean it should
never be used as a look at me I'm so
much better than you because I'm more
patriotic and patriotism should not be
about simple slogans or songs or flag
pins you know I often say about religion
before you tell me about your religion
show it to me and how you treat other
people I'm a big believer that we
demonstrate our truth by what we do more
than what we say patriotism again is
about love of country but you cannot
love your country unless you love her
people and love is not about celebrity
or not about popularity it's not about
attracting attention to yourself love is
humble love is kind love is seen not
necessarily in grand gestures but in an
attitude and how we encounter what we do
when we encounter others how we extend
ourselves how we take risks I understand
it we're in a campaign and again I'm a
politician I'm an elected leader and
want to give off these symbols but you
know between our campaigns and in our
neighborhoods and our communities we
really do need patriotism we need to
elevate those voices those examples in
our society more than what's being
elevated right now which i think is
often very toxic and helps to weaken our
bonds so one another helps to divide our
nation and ultimately as a great
president once said a house divided
cannot stand
