most challenging thing in Sniper school
was a stalking phase it's usually about
a 70% fail rate the instructors are on
the other side maybe 300 yards so three
football fields away but they have
binoculars they're looking at the grass
and they're looking to see if anything
is out of place can they see an eyeball
can they see a you know your tooth your
fingernail can they see the clothing
you're wearing and you have to blend in
to where they can't see anything
you're 100% invisible at that point
he has this big stick and he calls on
his radio and he says I'm five I'm
within five feet of the shooter right
now so they're looking within five feet
of them and they think they see
something or if they do see something
they'll say to the guy with the big
stick go to your left five feet and he's
right there and they look down they say
nope it's not here I was like wow this
guy is good then you have to sneak back
out and not be seen
