the notion that somehow if mr. Trump
loses Florida it's because of those
people that you have to watch out for
and that is both irresponsible and by
the way doesn't really show the kind of
leadership and toughness that you'd want
out of a president he started whining
before the game is even over if whenever
things are going badly for you and you
lose you start blaming somebody else
then you don't have what it takes to be
in this job and so I divided mr. Trump
to stop whinin and go try to make his
case to get votes and if he got the most
votes then it would be my expectation of
Hillary Clinton to offer a gracious
concession speech and pledge to work
with him in order to make sure that the
American people benefit from an
effective government and it would be my
job to welcome mr. Trump regardless of
what he said about me or my differences
with him on my opinions and escort him
over to this Capitol in which there
would be a peaceful transfer of power
that's what Americans do that's why
America is already great
