first of all most people have no
interest in being a CEO it's like the
American dream
you know as is defined for others really
doesn't appeal to most people most
people have their own motivations and
you know I love what I do but it's not
for everyone
it's very public and it's constant it's
24/7 so if you send me an email you will
get a response within 10 or 15 minutes
and that's pretty much true except
between the hours of about 10:30 at
night and 4:30 in the morning seven days
a week including vacation I'm not
complaining because for me it's great I
love it and it doesn't even feel
burdensome it's part of what I do but
for many people that really would be
burdensome there is no in today's day
and age with electronic devices it is
inexcusable when you lead something to
be out of touch it's just not excusable
what we get in return is loads of
flexibility we can be on the road you
know we have to be face to face in the
same way that we used to be but that is
necessary and you are responsible you're
the responsible party failing to take
responsibility you know is result in the
destruction of leadership so one of our
companies recently we had a piece of
business that didn't go well a
meaningful piece of business that didn't
go well and we have what we call town
hall meetings where you get together the
whole team and talk and in this instance
I was the one giving the update to the
whole team but how things were going and
we got to this piece of business and I
had to express that it hadn't gone well
that we had lost money on it and then I
stopped and said by the way I take
personal responsibility for it and that
wasn't like a rhetorical flourish it was
actually true and that is what I'm paid
to do I I get to sit at the desk where
you take responsibility no one likes to
say those words
you know this went really badly and I
take responsibility for the entire thing
the decision to pursue it and the result
and I do that's part of leadership and
that is not appealing to many people
