so while I'd love nothing more than to
pretend like this isn't happening and
come out here and do my normal campaign
speech it would be dishonest and
disingenuous to me to just move on to
the next thing like this was all just a
bad dream this is not something that we
can ignore it's not something we can
just sweep under the rug as just another
disturbing footnote in a sad election
season because this was not just a lewd
conversation this wasn't just locker
room banter this was a powerful
individual speaking freely and openly
about sexually predatory behavior and
actually bragging about kissing and
groping women using language so obscene
that many of us were worried about our
children hearing it when we turn on the
TV and it make matters worse it now
seems very clear that this isn't an
isolated incident it's one of countless
example of how he has treated women his
whole life and I have to tell you that I
listened to all of this and I feel it so
personally the shameful comments about
our bodies the disrespect of our
ambitions and intellect the belief that
you can do anything you want to a woman
it is cruel it's it's frightening and
the truth is it hurts it hurts
it's that feeling of terror and
violation that too many women have felt
when someone has grabbed them or forced
himself on them and they've said no but
he didn't listen
