where am I
my buddy is a cage that keeps me from
Dancing with the one I love the mayor's
the dummy the spring really oh but he's
a hero a war hero this is peacetime you
think this can last I can't guarantee
his safety understood no but I'd be
responsible for his fate
marine did inhabit our body I suppose
mix you get me what I need I'll see to
it you get your legs bent your real legs
hell yes sir
come on knock knock
the earth lies beneath a watery grave
those who survived have adapted to a new
world you're the chosen one Harry you
have to realize who you are
there are you would leave the fate of
our world to chance you have no choice
come on blondie
suit where'd this come from the power
feels good
put your backs into it got everything I
need right here with me I figure life's
a gift and I don't intend on wasting it
will you marry me
you
