how fast are you moving right now you
might be thinking I'm not moving I'm
sitting here watching this video and
that's true if you're measuring your
speed relative to say the chair you're
sitting in but what about relative to
the rest of the universe speed can only
be measured relatively when we say a car
is driving at 20 miles per hour it's
really only traveling at 20 miles per
hour relative to an unmoving reference
point on the Earth's surface we don't
take into account the fact that the
ground is moving - but of course it is
as we know it takes the earth about 24
hours to complete a rotation the
circumference of the earth is about
25,000 miles so if you live at the
equator you're spinning at over a
thousand miles per hour and we're just
getting started we also know that it
takes the earth roughly 365 days to
orbit the Sun the total trip is almost
600 million miles which means the earth
is circling at over 66,000 miles per
hour and the Sun is also moving towards
other stars in the galaxy and bringing
us along at about 43,000 miles per hour
at the same time it's moving upwards
relative to the Milky Way plane at over
15,000 miles per hour in addition to all
that the Sun orbits the center of the
Milky Way once every 225 million years
moving at 483,000 miles per hour to make
the trip often is considered we're
moving at about 540 thousand miles per
hour as a solar system and on top of all
of that the Milky Way is shooting
through the universe if we measure the
galaxy's speed relative to cosmic
background radiation from the Big Bang
we find it's traveling at an incredible
1.3 million miles an hour so you're
moving on earth the earth is moving
around the Sun the Sun is moving around
the galaxy and the entire galaxy is
moving around the universe at a combined
speed of over 1.9 million miles an hour
or 530 miles every second that means
that in the time you've been watching
this video you've traveled over 60,000
miles through space
