on September 5th 1977 NASA launched
Voyager 1 from Cape Canaveral Florida
almost four decades later that craft is
over 12 billion miles from home
Voyager carries a golden record
containing a greeting from the people of
Earth to the alien life-form that may
someday find on the record is a
collection of images and sounds a short
glimpse into the soul of our plan
but since aliens probably wouldn't know
what to do with a phonograph record NASA
had to provide a set of instructions on
the record cover but what could they say
how do you begin to communicate with a
life-form that evolved entirely
separately from us scientists at NASA
had to invent a code that anyone living
in the universe might be able to
decipher so to do this they started with
what is by far the most commonly found
molecule in the universe hydrogen this
diagram illustrates the transition
between the two lowest states of
hydrogen any spacefaring civilization
will probably understand the properties
of hydrogen enough to know that when
this transition happens radiation is
released with a definite wave period in
human terms we say this period is about
0.7 nanoseconds this wave period is used
as the basic unit of measurement for the
rest of the diagrams on the cover
these are the instructions on how to
make the record work assuming aliens
wouldn't have record players like we do
NASA included one on the craft with the
needle already in place these markings
are binary code that defined the speed
you need to turn the record to get it to
play correctly translated we get over
5.1 billion hydrogen transition wave
periods or about 3.6 seconds per
rotation at this speed you would begin
to hear greetings in 55 different
languages when you come up with us for
you hello for the children of credit
this would be followed by music and
sounds from Earth like a train in motion
crickets chirping fire crackling
laughter and a baby crying
this section explains how images can be
pieced together from recorded signals a
replica of the first image on the
recording is shown here so the viewer
can verify they decoded the signals
correctly in total there are 116 images
on the record they show our solar system
our planet and ourselves without much to
erode it in space the golden record is
estimated to survive for a billion years
travelling aimlessly through the Milky
Way it's impossible to say whether
voyager or its twin voyager 2 will ever
be found and retrieved by another
life-form
but as carl sagan who chaired the golden
record project but it it would be
impolite not to say hello
