and then she'll ailed one after another
ISM on millions of Americans who believe
that we can have a stronger America
to be honest with the abdominal Trump
had said all the things that you said he
said in the way you said he said them he
still wouldn't have a fraction of the
insult that Hillary Clinton level when
she said that half of our supporters
were a basket of deplorable it's that
she said they were irredeemable they
were not America I mean it's
extraordinary and then she labeled one
after another ISM on millions of
Americans who believe that we can have a
stronger America at home and abroad who
believe we can get this economy moving
again who believe that we can end
illegal immigration once and for all so
senator this this this insult driven
campaign I mean yeah we're that small
potatoes compared to Hillary Clinton
call senator half of Donald Trump
supporters at basket of deplore Hillary
Clinton's had some fun on the campaign
trail in the very next day she said you
know what I shouldn't have said that
she said you should not have another son
senator Tydings two minutes please yeah
that's right so now we're even
yeah look look look look for Donald
Trump apologizing to John McCain for
saying he wouldn't hero to Donald Trump
apologize for calling women slobs pigs
dogs disgusting sheep enjoys for sitting
hunter did did not he's two minutes food
did Donald Trump apologize for taking
after somebody in a Twitter war and
making fun of her weight did he
apologize for saying african-americans
are living in hell did he apologize for
saying President Obama was not even a
citizen of the United States you will
look in vain to see Donald Trump ever
taking responsibility for anybody and
apologizing
