violence itself is something of a
necessity violence itself is something
of a necessity based mainly upon how the
structure runs so say for example you're
in and you're minding your own business
and it's time for other inmates to come
in say there's someone who has long the
facts and nights and another pod this
person comes in this person malloced
answer for his transgressions against
this gang at all costs it's not that
anybody has anything particularly
personal against this person it's simply
how that place runs that's simply one
example another example is if someone
rehashes on a deal they say I will do
this for you in return for this and then
they do not come in with their side this
becomes the problem so not only do they
become labeled as bad business but they
become labeled as someone who needs to
pay for this as an example or everyone
will start getting away with that the
economy collapses you can't just report
these people to the law there is no law
we are the law we handle things that in
that way it becomes something that you
have to deal with if you wish to
function in that environment
