so suppose you're interviewing for a job
you have to speak to someone who is
going to evaluate you maybe even a small
committee of individuals and you go into
the the interview room and what we
typically say is I'm very glad to be
here and I want to answer all of the
questions that you have for me I'm gonna
recommend that we do something pre sway
Civ Li in addition we then say but
before we begin I wonder if you could
answer a question for me why did you
invite me to interview today what was it
about my resume that attracted you to my
candidacy here's what you've done and
pre sway Civ lis now you will have
focused those evaluators on the positive
features the strongest elements of your
case with that in mind they will now be
in a mindset to see you in a positive
light put people in a state of mind in
which they're now viewing you on the
basis of the positive features of what
you have to offer
