we're looking for two different
components when we hire somebody 49% of
what we're looking for is how well
someone does their job the technical
magic that that person brings that
certainly almost always exceeds anything
I could possibly bring and then 51
percent of what we're looking for is who
that person is while they are bringing
that magic because at the end of the day
you need both you need this blend of
somebody who's great at what they do and
who makes people feel great while
they're doing it now you may say that's
only critically important for a
hospitality business but I would offer
that any business in the world
especially these days has become
commoditized as soon as you do something
well the entire world is going to know
about it in a split second there's no
secrets anymore and some part of that
world
is gonna try to copy you there's a case
in point if I go out to someone else's
restaurant and I see an amazing idea on
the plate or I see a beautiful flower
display or I see an incredible salt and
pepper shaker that I've just never
imagined in my life I can take out my
camera snap a picture of it and I can
have that idea on the desk of my chef or
the florist or the general manager and
as much time as it takes to hit Send
what I'm unable to do is to take a
picture of how you made me feel and so
for businesses that understand that
you've got to win it both you you're
really striving to get a hundred on your
tests 51 points for hospitality are a
crucial component in the hundred but on
their own that's a failing grade so you
need the 49 and the 51 and we do
everything we can to hire people whose
emotional wiring lends themselves to be
happiest themselves when they are making
other people feel better than they
otherwise would have felt
