well lying is a very big problem for us
you know we've one rule that our
enterprises which is if you lie you
can't work here
and there are people who believe it or
not show up ready to tell you what they
think you want to hear not what is true
to them I've had you know people lie
about what their ambition is or what it
is that they really want to do you know
they'll express what they think will
appeal to me and I think I have a
relatively good meter for that sort of
thing so the first is just honestly be
yourself you're gonna be found out
anyway so be yourself you should be
ready to be yourself and recognize it's
just another human being and and run the
risk that your self may not fit in the
job which is probably a good thing for
for you anyhow over time why on earth
would you want to be in a job that's not
right for you and the second thing is
you're making a first impression so all
the things that go along with making a
first impression in the age of Google
you should know a lot about the person
who's interviewing you you should be
armed with legitimate questions that
you'd like to hear the answer to so when
that person says to you do you have any
questions you got a few smart questions
and you should be well turned out that
doesn't necessarily mean dressed up in
this day and age for example most of our
companies are very casual but you know
showing up with torn jeans and ripped up
shoes probably not a great look I don't
think today you show up in a creative
company in a suit and tie anymore but 10
years ago you would have wanted to
