I also want to ask about the OJ trial we
had this recent miniseries the the
People vs OJ Simpson you were played by
Evan handler what did you think of it
did you think it was a fair portrayal I
only saw it two of the episodes I
haven't seen the rest of them didn't
think it was particularly fair Bob
Shapiro came off very negatively I
didn't think fairly and it didn't
explain the major reason why Oh Jay
Simpson was acquitted what happened as
they found a sock with the blood of OJ
Simpson and the blood of the victims it
was too good to be true and we proved
beyond any doubt that that blood could
not have gotten on the sock while it was
being worn by OJ Simpson it had to have
been poured on the sock while the sock
was lying flat first at an EDTA a
chemical not found that abundance in the
human body in the blood on the sock
second it had mirror images on the sock
on all four sides of the blood you don't
get that when you're wearing a sock and
it's splatted you get that splatter
image only when the blood is poured on
the sock the jurors all believe that
that sock had been tampered with and
they said if one piece of evidence was
tampered with how can we trust other
evidence
