another horrific attack in Brussels last
week Republicans keep hammering on the
Democrats not being aggressive enough
President Obama seems to be saying you
know we shouldn't worry that much we're
making progress are Americans too
worried about Isis I think Americans
have every reason to be worried about
Isis and the network of terrorist groups
because they have proven to be
sophisticated and effective in wreaking
violence and murder in many parts of the
world including in San Bernardino with
they're somehow connected radicalization
of that couple there but what I don't
think we should do is panic and I don't
think we should advocate for ideas and
plans that will make things worse I
think it was said just this week that
the way Donald Trump talks about
terrorism and his you know very
insulting language toward Muslims is
making him the recruiting sergeant for
Isis so you do have to walk a fine line
here and what I have said is that I will
take a backseat to no one in keeping
America safe I have a very clear set of
proposals about how we defeat Isis and I
think it's important that we do it in
concert with other nations in Europe the
Middle East
elsewhere if necessary and that means
you've got to work with people you don't
insult them you don't insult their
religion and it means we have to see our
entire country all of the people in it
as part of our first line of defense so
that means you don't insult American
Muslims and you know religiously profile
them the way that has been suggested by
Ted Cruz and Donald Trump his approach
to Isis it seems to be talking about
waterboarding he talks about going after
their families he talks about bombing
the hell out of them do you trust Donald
Trump with our military of course
awesome no of course not I mean his
suggestions are not only offensive but
in certain cases dangerous and sometimes
even illegal like his dismissal of the
laws of the United States international
law when it comes to torture his
attitude toward our longest defense
alliance and NATO that we should somehow
walk away from it his suggestion that
the United States should leave the
Pacific and let Japan South Korea or
whoever else once develop nuclear
weapons these are incredibly dangerous
ideas that need to be confronted people
sometimes ask me well you're still in a
primary why are you criticizing Trump
because I don't want what he's saying to
stand unanswered and one of the problems
frankly the Republicans seem to have had
is they don't like his personality his
tactics but they basically agree with
him on so many of the issues so they
can't go after him where I think he
needs to be criticized so I'm gonna keep
speaking out about what he says because
I'm getting messages from leaders around
the world who are just bewildered they
want to know what's going on and the
amount of publicity that he gets the
coverage that he gets so he says some
very ill considered dangerous thing and
it's around the world in a you know
nanosecond and one of the things that's
fueling that rhetoric I think is if you
look at the polls a majority of
Americans are actually disapprove of
President Obama's foreign policy and you
were the architect of that foreign
policy for four years do you feel like
that's a rejection of your own foreign
policy absolutely not you know these
approval ratings go up and down in fact
the last numbers I saw is the
president's approval rating is above 50%
right now so yeah they go up they go
down I think what President Obama has
done is to chart a steady course when I
was there the first four years we had a
lot of clean up to do we inherited a lot
of bad feelings from the Bush
administration and much of what I spent
my time doing was traveling around the
world reassuring friends and allies and
I think people need to remember what the
situation was when the president when
President Obama came into office we for
example does give you one quick example
it was during george w bush's press
see that Iran mastered the nuclear fuel
cycle that they built covert facilities
that they stocked them with centrifuges
that they were spinning merrily away
toward getting a nuclear weapons program
that happened before Barack Obama walked
in the door so what he and I did was to
say clearly what we're doing you know
all the bluster all of the sanctions
that are just imposed by the American
government haven't had much impact let's
see if we can put together an
international coalition to really
cripple Iran and then maybe we can begin
a negotiation and that's what I did
you know it was difficult we had to get
China and Russia on board and not just
get them on board by signing a piece of
paper we had to get them on board so
that they would actually not help Iran
not buy from Iran we had to go see a lot
of our friends from India to Japan that
are energy hungry that they would do the
same so we did we got a an international
coalition and we imposed that it was
slow patient diplomacy nothing you know
particularly a headline worthy but then
you got to the point where the
negotiations which I started which
secretary Kerry completed I think made
the world safer so when people say well
they disapprove I'd like to know what
the specifics are because sometimes they
may not and the president has admitted
this they may not feel like he's really
explaining and understanding the emotion
behind some of these fears and that's a
perfectly legitimate question for people
to ask but if you look at the results of
where we are I think you know there are
some things I agree with some things I
don't agree with and I think that's
absolutely fair game you've said it was
a mistake to have a private email server
when you're Secretary of State do you
understand what why that bothers people
well I said it I said it was a mistake
it wasn't the best choice but all my
emails have been turned over to the
public and I'm the most transparent
Secretary of State because of that I've
been you know willing to say okay read
them all and you know there was no
prohibition against it what I did was
you know permitted my emails went to
state gov
accounts you know and so I did what I
did and I've said that you know it was a
mistake and I've tried to do the best I
could to get that information out to
people Donald Trump recently said that
if abortion is illegal women should be
punished for seeking an abortion or
getting an abortion he later changed
that what was your view a reaction when
you heard that it was outrageous that he
would be advocating for women who
exercise their constitutional right and
have autonomy over their health care
decisions would be criminals along with
the doctors that served them he did try
to walk it back I think pretty
unconvincingly but again what's
important here is that all the
Republicans agree with him they all want
to see women's rights eroded and for
abortion to become illegal again that's
why so many state Republican governors
and legislators are defunding Planned
Parenthood shutting down clinics that
not only provide safe abortion but HIV
testing cancer screenings and so much
else that women have every right to
access which is harder if you are
unemployed or you are a low-income woman
that's part of the real service that
Planned Parenthood provides so he tried
to walk it back but I think you know you
have to take him at his word and I think
what we heard was a very unvarnished
view that he has and I for one have been
very vocal in criticizing him and
criticizing the other Republicans who
are now embarrassed that he said what
they all believe you've said that Trump
has a penchant for sexism others have
used much stronger words misogyny and
and so forth do you think this will be
an issue for him in the general election
look I think you have to take the man at
his word he has kind of an equal
opportunity in Salter he started by
calling Mexican immigrants rapists and
criminals he moved on to denigrating
John McCain's heroism during the Vietnam
War he has gone after people with
disabilities
he has said Muslims should be kept out
of our country he certainly has gone
after individual women I in the media in
the political arena I think you have to
take the man and say to yourself this is
someone who wants to occupy the Oval
Office where Franklin Roosevelt Teddy
Roosevelt Abraham Lincoln George
Washington people who were our president
and I don't think it's just a woman's
issue I think it's an issue that should
be of concern to all Americans and you
talk about his tendency to insult
everybody one can imagine if you were
running against him in a general
election that he will come after you
with everything he's got
do you practice being insulted by Donald
Trump on a daily basis this is Ed you do
that and can you beat him because he's
destroyed all of his challengers
oh well part of the reason he destroyed
his Republican challengers is because
they agree with him on issues and he
apparently struck a vein of
entertainment among the Republican
primary voters so all they had left was
you know kind of whining and insulting
back and forth as opposed to taking him
on where I think a presidential election
should which is what you stand for what
you're saying what the actual results
would they that would be both at home
and around the world I'm not going to be
responding to him you know I I have
pretty thick skin
I've been in the arena a long time and
that means that you know I am NOT gonna
get down with him and go you know insult
for insult I'm gonna keep talking about
what I would do as president the
experience that I bring the temperament
and judgment that you know led President
Obama to ask me to be Secretary of State
after we ran a really hard primary
against each other you know it's funny
to me because when I have a position
whether it's first lady or senator or
Secretary of State and I'm doing the
work I'm really quite popular on when I
left the Secretary of State office I had
a 69 percent approval rating once I
start running for office and all the
incoming you know is battering away you
know people are gonna say hey wait a
minute what's that mean what's that mean
I get all that but I don't think we do
and
the service to our country or for the
voters if we you know descend into the
kind of insult fest that he seems to
relish so you don't think the right
response in general election will be to
go punch the bully in the nose and stop
them
I do think you have to stand up to a
bully I think you have to stand up to a
bully but I'm not concerned about what
he says about me that doesn't matter to
me I'm gonna stand up for immigrants I'm
gonna stand up for American Muslims who
are you know working hard in this
country that they love and consider
their own I'm gonna stand up for other
women I'm gonna stand up for the right
to choose I'm gonna stand up for what he
says and does that is threatening to
Americans to the lives of Americans the
rights of Americans you know I you know
maybe he's just never dealt with
somebody who's not particularly
impressed by his carrying on but I'm not
and so I'm gonna stay focused on you
know what's at stake in this election
both Trump and Bernie Sanders have
surprised a lot of people with the
staying power and the support that they
have what is the message that voters on
both sides are sending to that and what
do you take away from that look I I take
seriously the concerns that voters are
expressing there's a lot of
disappointment fear even anger among
people who believe that the economy's
failed them their governments fail them
politics has failed them they have every
right to be concerned and I feel like I
have to do the best job I can to
basically say okay I understand you have
every right to be angry but anger is not
a plan here's what I want to do and
that's why I hope you will support me
because I think it will actually improve
the lives of Americans I think for a lot
of young people there is a sense that
maybe the future is not going to be
everything it was held out to be
especially if they're coming out with a
lot of student debt that's why I have a
plan to make tuition debt-free for
public colleges and universities I have
a difference with senator Sanders who
promises you know free college which if
you look at the fine print depends
really on governor's coming up with a
lot of the money which I don't think
it's a particularly wise vet and I have
a plan to help people pay down their
student debt because you know I want to
unleash the entrepreneurial energy that
young people have this is a very
connected tolerant creative generation
but a lot of them feel really
constrained because they've got this big
debt they can't do much with it other
than try to figure out how to pay it
down they can't take jobs they want they
can't get the credit they would like to
start a business so we're going to
refinance that we're going to move
people into income contingency repayment
plans we're gonna have a date certain
when their obligations and and I'm not
going to let the government harass kids
I'm not gonna let the government make a
profit out of lending money for people
to go to college so we're gonna really
change this I see it as an investment
not an expense and I'm gonna treat it
that way
senator Sanders keeps saying you're too
cozy with Wall Street first of all is
that true and and second of all what's
so bad about Wall Street this is one of
our most successful industries finance
industry flies hundreds of thousands of
people very successful wonderful exports
of finance business why is it so bad to
be close to Wall Street look I I never
can really tell what he's talking about
is just one of these sort of attacks
that he he pulls out all the time you
know I believe strongly that we need a
finance industry that is good for the
economy and I don't think anybody would
argue that during the eight years
leading up to the Great Recession
a lot of bets were made risks taken that
worked good for the economy and I don't
think all the blame lies with Wall
Street I think a lot of the blame lies
with the Bush administration they went
back to trickle-down economics they took
their eye off the mortgage market they
took their eye off the finance markets
and we ended up in a big mess I mean
nine million people lost their jobs and
five million homes were lost and 13
trillion dollars in family wealth was
wiped out so I think there were bad
actors in the government and bad actors
in the finance mortgage markets that
need to be called out and held
accountable but you also have to make
sure that you've got the you know the
credit flowing the financial instruments
that are going to enable Main Street to
be successful so I've laid out you know
my economic plans I want to grow the
economy that's why I have plans for jobs
and raising incomes I do want to go
after bad actors on and off Wall Street
because I think companies that take you
know money from federal state and local
governments and then pick up and move
should have to pay that back I think you
know companies trying to exercise a so
called inversion should be hit with an
exit tax so you know I want to change
behaviors and I am deeply distressed
about quarterly capitalism because I
think it is causing businesses to make
decisions that are not helping the
long-term profitability of American
corporations or the success of our
economy and I'm on record for that going
back to the time when I was a senator so
you know I hear I hear that but you know
the facts don't bear it out and on
quarterly capitalism yes
great companies some have argued serve
multiple constituencies not just
shareholders they serve customers they
serve employees they serve the country
in the economy how do we get out of
quarterly capitalism this is a an issue
Henry that I've spent a lot of time
thinking about and talking to people
about because I think it's one of the
biggest challenges facing our economy
and I'll just I'll just tell a quick
story that I told when I gave my
economic speeches last year there was a
recent survey that was done with the
heads of major American corporations and
they were asked this question if you
could make an investment today that you
know would make the company more
profitable say it was R&D say it was
plant equipment say was investing in
training your workers and you knew that
within five to ten years you'd have so
much good returns to show but it would
cost you a penny off your stock price to
do it would you do it and every one of
them said no so I knew one of the people
who have been asked an iconic American
corporation and I called and I said were
you in this survey yes you were asked
his question yes clearly it was
unanimous you said no you wouldn't do
what does that mean I know the kind of
person you are I know that you are
trying to build a great company the
answer was I'd be killed the market
would kill me activist shareholders
would kill me so I would be spending all
my time fending off this attack me and
the company I wouldn't even get to doing
the work that we want to do that's crazy
you know that to me is not wealth
creation for the long-term it's not how
we're gonna grow this economy how we're
gonna have broad inclusive prosperity so
I think we've got to look at corporate
law you know back in the day when I
studied it there were different
constituencies that were to be served
and I think there was a real wrong turn
about 20 25 years ago when the theory
began to be promoted that you know your
highest duty in fact some would argue
your only duty is to maximize
shareholder return I just don't buy it
and it wasn't the original underpinnings
of the legal theory of corporate law
this has been a development that I think
has been promoted for other reasons but
nevertheless we're living with it so I
think we have to take a look at
corporate law we have to take a look at
the incentives that we can perhaps use
to encourage more longer term I think if
you had a capital gains system where the
long you know patient capital would
actually be rewarded you know nanosecond
capital you know churning would not be I
think there's a lot we could do that
maybe would give a little more decision
space to CEOs to shareholders who want
to hold for the long term to investors
who want to be part of the long term
that they would maybe have a little more
room to sort of withstand the pressure
that is otherwise coming down on them
and the economy has made tremendous
progress the last eight years yeah I
think most people would still agree we'd
like to see it grow faster if you could
make one change what would it be I think
we need to invest more in America and
for the life of me I don't understand
we've had as you know so well
practically zero interest rates you know
they're creeping up not by much
what a time to invest you know in
infrastructure in infrastructure
advanced manufacturing you know I've
been really impressed at some of the
investments that I've seen in community
college and technical schools that are
training young people for these jobs 3d
printing and the like I think a
revolution transitioning from fossil
fuels to clean renewable energy
somebody's gonna be the 21st century
clean energy superpower I think it's
gonna be China Germany or us why not us
you know jobs you do here at home new
discoveries that can be transformed into
exports around the world the Congress is
not willing to think about the long term
they act like you know that gets
activist shareholders and to use that
phrase again they're not thinking about
what can we do that will make us richer
safer and stronger you know next year
and the year after and five and ten
years out how do we protect against
climate change how do we create jobs for
so many Americans who are feeling pushed
out not just left out pushed out of the
modern economy you know obviously it's
skills in education but it's also jobs
so if I could do anything it would be to
you know take this moment in time that
we've got when yes our recovery is you
know better we've had steadier growth I
don't think President Obama frankly gets
the credit he deserves for the kind of
steady hand that he and his advisors
applied to kind of moving through that
really dangerous period so okay we are
out of the ditch we're standing we're
walking but we're not running I want to
grow the economy I am NOT somebody who
just says let's let's beat up on the bad
guys no I want to summon the good guys
and give people the incentives and
opportunities to actually grow this
accounting the economy put more people
to work you know get the middle class
you know really feeling like they're
back and business and one thing
president obama is criticized for even
by democrats is for being too aloof
doesn't get in the back rooms and make
deals and persuade Congress to do things
would you be different and how would you
persuade Congress to do something like
invest in infrastructure well look
everybody brings their personality to
any position and that's true for
presidents like
anyone else I am a very committed person
when it comes to finding common ground I
will go anywhere anytime meet with
anyone to find common ground I I did it
as first lady I did it as Senator I did
it as Secretary of State and I know how
hard it is it's not something you do
once or twice and then you know throw
your hands up because it is grinding
work but it is necessary work so I am
really welcoming of the opportunity to
meet with not only people who agree with
me but those who don't to see what we
can do to try to bridge the differences
you know when we didn't succeed at
healthcare reform back in 93 94 I went
to work with Democrats and Republicans
we created the children's health
insurance program when I got to the
Senate I started working with
Republicans I think I practically worked
with every single one of them and a lot
of them are on record talking about what
a good colleague I am and how I like to
get things done when I was Secretary of
State I had to be responsible for
getting a nuclear arms reduction treaty
with Russia through the Senate we needed
I think 13 Republican votes to get to 67
I started working in the summer just
endless phone calls meetings bringing
experts to talk to Republicans and then
we finally got it done at the end of the
year 2010
so I I really am excited to roll up my
sleeves and you know get into the
business of solving problems and making
progress together and going back to
those years to you were a remarkable
career as a progressive activist for
women's issues and and so forth have
your views changed since then and and
following on that like those folks today
seem to be supporting Bernie Sanders
rather than you the younger generation
what is that like for you having been so
progressive then vocal about that when
you were younger well I do remember
being young you know I think I've been
very consistent in my values I believe
that what I've worked for women and
children civil rights against poverty
trying to level the playing field for
people to have a better chance is what I
still believe is
wharton and what i'm trying to do today
so i am somewhat influenced by the years
that i've spent trying to actually get
things done whether it was reforming
education in Arkansas or serving on the
legal services corporation board when
President Carter appointed me and trying
to get lawyers for poor people I mean
I've I have I've worked in these areas I
I know it's more than just a hope you've
got to translate it into a policy that
leads to action and I think that's why
I'm so well suited to this time because
I think the values reflect really
profound American values and I think my
agenda would be the best way to really
get Americans once again to feel more
confident and more optimistic about our
future and deliver results which i think
is what it's about so you've learned how
to get things done effective and that is
different than being simply talking
about well I think talking is important
I think aspirations are critical I think
setting big goals but I think I've set
some big goals you know the American
people haven't had a raise in 15 years
getting incomes up is a huge goal now
maybe it's not as exciting to some
people but it's a huge goal making
college affordable is a really important
goal and my plan will work better than
senator Sanders planned by everybody
who's looked at it working to get the
affordable care act to cover everybody
and get the cost down will work better
and every analyst who's looked at what I
want to do compared to senator Sanders
has reached the same conclusion so I
can't compete with you know making
promises you can't keep but I am very
comfortable saying what I believe I can
do being very specific about how we will
do it how we will pay for it and having
people know that I want them to hold me
accountable you know I think part of our
problem right now in the country is that
people feel that you know nobody listens
to them and that means that you know
they just don't trust anybody in
government anybody in politics and
anybody in the economy and if we don't
rebuild that connection
people we will really find even bigger
gaps because our our gap on inequality
is not just economic that's a huge
problem one that I want to address but
we have gaps that are rooted in systemic
racism racial inequality is a big
problem we still have gaps that are
rooted in gender inequality certainly we
have discrimination against the LGBT
community we have a lot of inequality
and I'm not a one-issue candidate
because I don't think this is a one
issue country so I want to knock down
all the barriers that stand in the way
of people getting ahead and staying
ahead
