well I think that trumps mission in the
debate is to show that he is not a
demagogue not unpredictable not
unreliable not Islamophobic not racist
not deplorable not sexist not a buffoon
not a clown all the things Hillary
Clinton said he is her campaign is
essentially campaign of name calling him
names and it's a very brittle campaign
because once you realize he isn't those
things so I know this guy he's not he's
a manager and he's not any of those
things once you realize that her whole
campaign is shattered a very brittle
campaign and she has nothing behind it
to fall back on she hasn't developed
other issues behind that the other thing
Trump needs to do is that he needs to
talk to the American people frankly and
say with the bombs that went off in New
York City do you seriously believe that
we will be safer less safe or about the
same with a hundred and ten thousand new
immigrants from Muslim terrorists
sponsoring countries than we are now and
if you agree with me that we'd be less
safe then why on earth wouldn't you vote
for me
