it's a service that sounds too good to
be true movie paths you pay 10 bucks a
month and you can watch pretty much
unlimited movies in theaters you lose
money when I see one movie how does this
business model work out for you in the
end I always find that interesting to
get that question because you know
Netflix has to borrow billions of
dollars a year to stay in business to
create the content that they don't earn
enough money to pay for you know if you
read the reports about Spotify they
spent 2 billion dollars more on content
than the revenue they generated and
we're no different where we're building
a big subscriber base of film lovers who
over time we have dozens of ways to make
money for example marketing on behalf of
Studios the film distribution system is
completely broken it's so hard to to get
a film out in the theatres that's not a
big blockbuster hit and there's hundreds
of millions of dollars spent marketing
those films we're an incredibly
effective partner for those studios we
have people who are coming to our site
you know four and five times a week
where we can sell advertising and we're
on our way to get to break even on our
subscription so right now just the
subscription part you're essentially
break even maybe sometimes a little bit
profitable we're not there I mean we're
not there yet you know when you do kind
of an all-you-can-eat subscription the
first people who join are people in New
York people who go Jesus a no brainer
I'm spending $15 on a ticket this is ten
I'm gonna save money on my first ticket
or they're the eleven percent of
moviegoers who already go to 18 films a
year over time slowly but surely you
start to acquire more of the casual
moviegoers this is why we priced it at
995 so we're you know eighty-nine
percent of film goers over 200 million
people only see four movies a year when
we get and they spend forty to sixty
dollars a year on movie tickets when
they join movie pass now they're
spending a hundred and twenty dollars
we're increasing their consumption and
they'll do it because it's 995
it's an unlimited value for them so the
hope is it's kind of like the gym
membership model that maybe some of
these people won't actually go to as
many movies and they'll kind of make up
for the people who are going everyday is
that how you know not quite what it ends
up is the if you look at the
distribution between the casual movie
goer who now is going about 10 11 times
a year that's that's roughly what you
know what they're spending nine ninety
five and they're going a little bit less
than one a month they're kind of
breaking even on it and we add all these
other values like special screenings
that are only for movie past subscribers
you know we're going to bring back some
of the classics into the big screen that
you know people haven't seen on the big
screen ever that'll be exclusive for
movie pass subscribers so your big pitch
is we have well over two million
subscribers now we should easily get to
five by the end of the year just gonna
grow from there we're gonna juice those
numbers a little bit by offering these
deals once every few weeks then you go
to marketers and say what can we do how
can we work with you how can you pay us
to access these people exactly and our
our subscribers are so thrilled with the
value they're getting that they're very
open to recommendations
you
