as I look at the American economy the
risk of inflation remains very very
remote and the persistence of
unemployment remains very real and let
me explain a little bit about
unemployment for some people to look at
the five percent for you know less than
five percent unemployment say isn't that
really good performance the answer is
the labor market is still very weak
evidence the fact that wages are barely
keeping up with inflation the low labor
force participation there's a lot of
disguised and employment if you look at
those who are holding jobs part-time
involuntarily the number of people in
disability the people who discouraged
workers have stopped searching for a job
there's a pretty good case case that
reasonable people have made for for not
to mean I remember I'm old enough I
remember you know late late Reagan was
for a percent inflation it didn't seem
like a hell hole at the time and that
would give us a lot more leeway than we
currently have I agree with them that if
you ask historically how do we get two
percent as the number uh people looked
around and say actually there's no
theory behind the two percent number it
was a number that was picked out of the
thin air if you ask now knowing what we
know now where our economy is today wha
what is a more reasonable number I think
four percent would certainly be more
reasonable than 2% maybe it should be
five percent but there's a growing
consensus let's try four percent and see
what happens the idea at the time was
that the inflationary processes were
very unstable if you went above two
percent you went to two and a half
percent you next day you would be a
three percent and it would be escalating
the evidence is that right now it's very
hard for us to move away from deflation
very hard to get us to get any
inflationary momentum in the economy and
that means given that that if we should
be very comfortable with a four percent
target
