so if you think about the common
interview the common negotiation that we
do we go into the room somebody says why
do you want to work here you say ah I
like the company you guys are doing good
stuff you sound like everybody else the
briefcase technique is something totally
different it's almost theatrical you
would say something like you know I did
a little bit of research and I know that
one of the biggest challenges for your
company as it grows is making sure you
maintain culture so actually prepared a
few ideas well pull it out of your
briefcase or your back and say here you
go no one has ever prepared like that
now how did you do that preparation are
you just some arrogant kid who came in
telling the CEO what to do no you did
your homework you interviewed other
employees who currently or used to work
there you've thought through what might
make sense and in your informational
interviews which of course you've done
you've figured out what the real
challenges are at the company so you
give them four or five ideas you say
look I might be wrong about three or
four these but i bet you there's at
least one good idea in there and I'd
love to execute that for you boom jaw
dropped you got the job you got the
raise that's how you do the briefcase
technique
