I don't believe in an expiration date
and there is no question that the
markers of age are meaningfully
forestalled
by a good diet and lots of exercise
that's unquestionably true and I'm
living proof of that I made a decision
of that I wasn't gonna treat fitness as
an important part of my schedule but I
was gonna give it the same priority I
would give a meeting or time with a
friend or time at home and I would I
would stop treating my workouts as sort
of lowest thing on the list so if
something else comes up you cancel them
typically I have a two a day three to
four days a week once a day the rest in
one full complete rest day if I'm being
diligent about rest which I'm not great
at doing but one needs to be it's sort
of for me created the role that Golf
plays in some people's business lives
and that's what led to beginning to
build up a group fitness activity the
program is a group of like-minded people
both men and women of a broad array of
Ages and fitness levels who get together
for morning's a week at 6:00 in the
morning if you're training with former
professional and varsity athletes at my
age and you want to be competitive you
want to keep up you know it just
motivates you it motivates me the truth
is yes as part of my motivation feeling
as good as I can and looking as good as
I can absolutely most people who go to
the gym regularly are there to look at
his wills feel good and I think if they
don't admit that they're kidding
themselves if you're obsessively trying
to look your best then that's gonna show
and that's a little crazy and
off-putting if you're just trying to
present your best self to the world
emotionally physically intellectually I
think that's a good thing and I think
it's a sign of respect for yourself and
respect for others
people who present themselves as healthy
attractive fit together tend to do much
better for example in sales situations
and I'm the salesman from way back can't
help myself
I really do believe you can get fitter
every year so I am meaningfully fitter
than I was 10 years ago
I'm meaningfully fitter than I was a
year ago and I promise you I'll be
fitter a year from now that I am now
