what would happen he died in space as
humans push farther toward the Stars
we'll have to confront what to do when
someone dies in space it's illegal to
toss the body out of an airlock but
keeping it in the spacecraft would cause
all sorts of physical and psychological
damage to the rest of the crew options
are limited but there is one way nASA
has considered it's called body back
here's how it works first isolate the
body by placing it inside of the
airtight body back which serves its
coffin after the funeral expose the body
back to space where the corpse will
three solid in the sub-zero temperatures
after that it starts to get weird deploy
the robotic arm which will rapidly
vibrate the body for 15 minutes this
will break it apart into a fine powder
dehydrate the remains stored them in a
container and then attach it to the
outside of the spacecraft if everything
goes as planned you'll have safely and
legally disposed of the body the people
who designed it have said there's still
challenges to overcome before it could
become a viable method thankfully no one
has died in space yet so there's still
time to iron out the kinks
