for decades scientists have been
scanning the universe to try and make
contact with alien life but what if we
made contact and those aliens turned out
to be hostile we only have to look at
ourselves to see how intelligent life
might develop into something we wouldn't
want to meet astronomers have discovered
a way to make earth vanish all it takes
is a powerful laser fired in the right
direction the quickest way to spot a
planet is by watching stars when planets
pass in front of a star that block out
some of its light the dip and brightness
instantly reveals the presence of a
planet so how do you make a planet
disappear eliminate that dip and
brightness do this by shining a laser in
the direction of distant alien observers
all we need is 30 megawatts to power the
laser which is the same amount of power
as 10 wind turbines this could be a
useful way for earth to hide from
hostile aliens but it could also be a
way for aliens to hide from us it's
possible what we see as we scan the
universe for other habitable planets has
been engineered to disguise or highlight
the existence of other civilizations
