I think it's time to open the books and
the question of government
investigations of UFOs
it's time to find out what what the
truth really is that's out there there
are these cases in which documents
haven't been made available to the
American public they ought to be
declassified they ought to be released
the American people quite frankly can
handle the truth
I would like us to go into those files
and hopefully make as much of that
public as possible if there's nothing
there let's tell people there's nothing
there there is something there well if
there is something there unless it's a
you know threat to national security I
think we ought to share it with the
public what is the truth and art but it
is their eminence of alien life you know
that's that's for the public to judge
once they've seen all the wall all the
evidence at you with the new things what
do you think personally what do I think
I think there's a lot of planets out
there
