Charles Darwin taught us that evolution
is a slow and steady process of natural
selection but in the last 100 years
humans have been changing abnormally
fast for example the first humans who
lived around 200,000 years ago died
around age 20 it took nearly 2,000
centuries to double life expectancy to
40 years by 1850 but it only took
another one and a half centuries to
almost double that again today the
average human lives to about 75 we've
also grown taller the average american
male in 1850 was 5 feet 7 inches in 1980
he was 5 feet 10 inches the average
Frenchman in 1850 was 5 feet 5 inches in
1980 he was 5 feet 9 inches and the
average Chinese man in 1850 was five
feet five inches 1980 he was 5 feet 7
inches but it's not just our species
that's changing certain animals are
diversifying in a big way the hands of
humans what's next could be as radical
as a new species of human will now no
more than a generation or two away from
the emergence of an entirely new kind of
hominid homo evolute asst hominid that
takes direct and deliberate control over
their own evolution and the evolution of
other species
you
