just because she's on the left of Donald
Trump does not exactly qualify her for
being a representative of the left's
like that like saying that the other
hand was on the left of Genghis Khan it
doesn't make my you know much sense
Hillary Clinton ruled herself out of
progressive politics when she backed the
war in Iraq when as a Secretary of State
she participated in this catastrophe
which is Libya and indeed celebrated
watching the video of the mutilation of
a very bad man yes we Came we saw he
died anyone who actually celebrates that
watching at the mutilation even of an
enemy in my mind is a dangerous person
and finally when she strategically but
also I saying in terms of belief she
identified completely with Wall Street
and the struggle that Wall Street made
after 2008 not to be seriously reformed
following the collapse that it occasions
