red flags are responding to questions
with what you individuals believe the
answers are there's a lot of information
out there and so you can look online and
you know there's all I'm sure there's
all sorts of information around if
someone asks you this question this is
the best answer but the reality is that
it's the best answer if it's your answer
and so if people are not actually really
engaged in the conversation for me and
for my colleagues that's a red flag if
what you're doing is really repeating
what's on your online application or
your resume and not really giving a
sense of how all that comes together in
a story and experience that'll be
impactful at the firm that is something
that we're going to dig into so really
it's it's it's anything that really
appears to be too rote and we end and
rehearsed because the first question
might be well is it you or is it what
you think you should be we're not
looking for what you think you should be
we're looking for who you are
