there are some essentials you're going
to need to be able to pack the first one
would be grocery bags some tissue paper
Ziploc bags I say do not roll layer open
every garment you're gonna put on the
suitcase open it to its full length and
start all the way at the top of the
suitcase and go all the way down as long
as the suitcase allows you and then go
all the way back up and do a little fold
at the ends use the whole length of the
suitcase so now from you can see we
already occupied half of the suitcase
and we have another half empty now in
between each layer you want to do a
simple trick it's either put those
plastic bags razorbacks we spoke about
tissue paper or ziplock bags you open it
at the full length of the suitcase you
grab your shirt and again you make sure
you fold it as big as you can to cover
the whole surface of the suitcase if you
have any delicate items like scarves or
nips or things that are really truly
delicate you don't want them to wrinkle
this is where the Ziploc bags come in
handy anything in a ripoli book bag even
if you wrinkle it like this won't
wrinkle if you have any special garment
let's say a jacket or men's suits or
Blazers to go out for a special dinner
always place them either in a dry
cleaners bag or in a garment suit bag
like this one remove the hanger and for
men if you have pants the pants are
gonna be actually folded in the suitcase
like I showed you before this is only
for the jacket so you basically take it
from the shoulders and again you layer
it the full length of the suitcase and
anything that overflow overflows you
fold now ladies if you have a purse that
you want to carry you don't want it to
get squashed in the bag so you need to
do something to keep its shape so I say
take all your pajamas and your yoga
clothing bathing suits and anything that
it's very casual wear that's not going
to wrinkle and put it inside your purse
so I always opt for the zip of that and
I always take store samples you can see
I have samples that I got from when I
bought makeup and perfumes or for many
or after shape
even from the plane you can take the
toothbrush in the little toothpaste put
it in a ziploc bag as big as you can and
just put it in the middle of yours of
place you can notice that we never
packed any underwear or any socks why
because those are gonna go packed inside
your shoes to prevent the shoes from
losing their shape so put each shoe in a
separate grocery bag you're gonna grab
the straps for your suitcase those are
very important if you don't close those
straps what's gonna happen is as soon as
you tilt your suitcase everything is
going to fall down and wrinkle so either
for men or women this is basically what
we have it back to suitcase for three
days that's going to stay wrinkle free
with the most effective way to pack
everything you need in three four three
two five
