the adoption adopt don't shop movement
has grown enormously in the United
States of America and and rightly so I
went and spent a day at America's
biggest legal dog auction what happens
is you can have a litter of say five
Labrador Retriever puppies on the table
they've all come from the same litter
they all have the same parentage and
maybe a commercial breeder wins the bid
on three of them and a rescuer wins the
bid on two of them the three that the
breeder wins then gets sold out in
America or over the internet or wherever
they end up going with that breeder pet
stores sometimes and they're marketed as
expensive purebred maybe fifteen hundred
two thousand dollars apiece whereas the
dogs who the rescuers won the bid on
they get taken all across the country up
and down the coast and they get marketed
as rescued from puppy mills and they're
marketed maybe 400 bucks maximum
probably 450 something like that and
when you think about that they've all
come from the same litter and all the
money has gone to the same place which
is right back into the pocket of the
original commercial breeder with a
commission of course going to the dog
auctioneer
