why does time move forward is one of
those questions that sounds like a good
question but then you're tempted to give
the answer did you expect it to move
backwards the real issue is not why does
time move forward but why is there a
full why is there a difference between
one direction of time that you call
toward the future in the other direction
we call toward the past time is a lot
like space as Einstein has taught us and
if you're up there in space in your
space suit there'd be no difference
between different directions of space up
down left right forward backward but
there's an obvious difference when it
comes to time future versus past and the
answer is the same reason why here in
your room unlike up there in space there
is an arrow of space there's a
difference between up and down that's
because we live in the vicinity of a
very influential object the earth that
is pointing us downward that is creating
a directionality to space the same thing
is true with Khan the reason why there's
a difference an arrow pointing from the
past to the future is because we live in
the aftermath of a very influential
event the Big Bang the Big Bang started
the universe in a very orderly unusual
highly arranged state and it's been
winding down becoming more disorderly or
disorganized ever since but we are
nowhere close to being done with that
process it's about 14 billion years
after the Big Bang the universe is not
going to reach equilibrium until a
google years that is to say ten to the
100 years after the Big Bang the
old-fashioned sense of the word Google
before the search engine came along that
is a preposterous Lee hilariously
unimaginably large number so in the
universe we live in right now there's a
very strong difference between past and
future because we're still feeling the
ramifications of that crucially
important event when the
restored
