put down the damn cellphone when you're
walking one of the most important
imperatives we have in Special
Operations I don't care if you're a Navy
SEAL I don't care if you're an Army
Ranger or a green beret is to know your
operational environment that's what we
say to always be aware of your
surroundings and it never ceases to
amaze me how many people have their
heads down in their mobile device when
they're in the airport when they're in a
hotel lobby and they're not paying
attention to what's going on around them
this is what bad guys look for this is
what criminals look for this is what
terrorists look forward they look for
people that are dialed out socially
another thing is just to have a plan
always have a plan if you're going to go
into an area that is you know extremely
crowded if you're going to go into an
area where there's a lot of people know
how you're going to get out I always
tell folks locate the exits always know
where the exits are in a place if I go
into an establishment with only one exit
I'm not even going in that establishment
another thing is to always have your
eyes on the exit not just knowing where
it is but position yourself where you
can see how people come and go in a
place it's very easy to do almost no one
does it I'm amazed at the number of
people that just put their backs to the
door where they put their backs to the
corridors that leads you in and out of a
place the final thing is always let
someone know where you're going I mean
this is just common sense stuff but if
you're going to go out to the woods if
you're going to go hiking if you're
gonna go even to a new part of the city
let somebody know where you're going we
do that in the military if we're gonna
go do an operation even something as
simple as a resupply run we're gonna let
people know where we're going what time
we're going to be back and what to do if
we don't return it's just good common
sense and that's what keeps you alive
when things get rough
