we as a Republican Party have miserably
failed the message of freedom when's the
message of equal playing field wins and
the leadership of the Republican Party
has ceded all of that to the Democrats
women civil rights these are all
Republican issues women receive the
right to vote because a Republican was
out there fighting for them susan b
anthony went to jail for voting a
straight republican ticket when it came
to civil rights it was Republicans that
wanted black people to be equal to white
people it was Democrats that fought
against civil rights legislation and it
makes me so angry today to know that
that narrative has gone unchallenged for
so long that we have an entire
generation of people who actually
believe that the Republicans are racist
or Republicans are sexist and that's
what makes me the most angry
