with artificial intelligence we are
summoning the demon if I would guess at
what our biggest existential threat is
it's probably that I think at alien
masks and others that are suggesting
that there's some kind of existential
threat to mankind because of artificial
intelligence are probably wrong and over
exaggerating the assumption is that
somehow there is a singular artificial
intelligence with malice that decides to
destroy the human race that makes for a
good science-fiction film but it's far
removed from the actual engineering
reality of this technology we often
confuse the word intelligence with the
word consciousness which are two
different things so consciousness is as
far as we know something that we humans
have machines cannot be conscious
comparing the human mind or the human
brain into the computer is just a
metaphor we sometimes take this metaphor
for real and I think that's where all
the misunderstanding around artificial
intelligence takes place
