for one it's like eat anything you want
why you go through training I remember
me and my swim buddy we would order like
two extra large pizzas apiece and go to
Dairy Queen to like finish it off with
like a giant size blizzard and and feel
like an hour later man I'm still hungry
you just burn through calories like
there were nothing I want to say like
five plus thousand calories a day there
is no specific diet I know guys when the
seal seems that our vegetarian vegan
paleo you know all these these crazy
regimens and it's just kind of what what
fits their their lifestyle that one
thing I'll say about seals is if it's
not available the guys usually bring in
the round stuff they're bringing
supplements they're bringing
vacuum-packed meals these guys are are
going to make sure that they're they're
not going to kind of suffer for for lack
of eating that's for sure well I had a
French press with fresh coffee in
Afghanistan I took with me
