Rambow I think joining the military in
this day and age because you want to be
like John Rambo because you want to get
your gun on there's a place for that and
I get it if you look at the
organizations that go in and break
things and take people out like the
Rangers and Navy SEALs even those guys
they have a very tactical mature mindset
they're able to go into these places and
do discriminate shooting target
selection they can go into places where
there's a lot of crowds and they can
discriminate their targets and pull
their targets out the way that they need
to do and minimize collateral and damage
because you know in this day and age of
the 24-hour news cycle the difference
between strategy and tactical action is
about that far one wrong action and you
find yourself on CNN or Fox News or
Business Insider as a strategic focal
point when you really don't want to be
so I believe you know guys that in gals
that join in the military just to get
their gun on just to prove how tough
they are I don't think there's much use
for that these days the folks that just
want to go and get their Rambo on and I
don't want to be anywhere near
