there's a pretty good case case that
reasonable people have made for for not
to I mean I remember I'm old enough I
remember are you know late late Reagan
was for a percent inflation it didn't
seem like a hell hole at the time and
that would give us a lot more leeway
than we currently have it's the most
amazing thing the 70s we know the 70s as
people remember was really only about
seven years long and yes it was a bad
time there was high inflation but you
know that that financial crisis
aftermath which has been worse for most
families than the 70s ever work has gone
on longer and yet the 70s completely
changed people's perceptions left deep
you know this is the story watch out
it'll be like the 70s again and this
thing that's been we've been living with
for you know the whole adult lives of a
lot of Americans somehow has not
