let's imagine a Trump victory a trump
presidency what are you worried about
economy-wise what do you think would be
significant impact event well you would
be getting somebody who has me even the
side from ideology right left
taxes deficits just beginning somebody
who has no idea just complete blank
about how does this thing work no idea
that some treaties that trade treaties
are not abrogated casually no idea I
mean this is a guy on national security
us wire we have these nukes why don't we
use them so what do you think he's gonna
do on economic policy it's just gonna be
wildly wildly erratic it's just no
reason to believe that we would have any
kind of rational policy so then really
there's a there's an outcome
distribution I wrote a thing a few
months ago with like a risk curve charm
like a trump presidency might be bad it
might be really bad it might be sort of
okay
there's what do you worry about in the
tail what are like there if you can give
us like a top five what do you worry
about with Trump as president nobody do
oh gosh um in some ways yeah I'm worried
that he might actually go with his
original tax plan which it with the
trillions of dollars of lost revenue and
I mean at the moment inflation is the
least of our problems but you know if
you work at it we could have a
hyperinflation America and you might do
it I mean this guy who really just
doesn't know anything at all and might
be prepared to just say you know budget
budget constraints are for losers
