it's not one thing versus another it's
the overall experiences of an individual
what are the things that we look at we
look at GPA I'll be honest about that
strong GPAs show a level of commitment
and we'll look at that we don't just
look at that you know what if you are
but if you have a strong GPA and you
read down the resume and that's really
what you've done you've gone to class
it's important it's interesting but what
about comparing that candidate to
someone who is got a strong GPA and does
choral music and volunteers what what
why is one more interesting in the other
one you have a coming your passion that
takes time too if you're part of a
choral music Society you have to work
with other people that's really
interesting what if you are going into
the inner city and you're doing it
because you realize that it's important
for you to give back and make an impact
that says something about you as a
person so I would say that it's the
overall picture that we really look for
not just one item or another again I
would caution that doesn't mean that in
order to get an interview at goldman
sachs you should have a three-page
resume right you should really use your
experiences in university to learn to
experience things that you're really
genuinely interested in things that
really are part of who you are that
because you've done your homework
connect to the skills and the qualities
that would make you a successful person
at goal
and those things are broad
