and you loved it right well it was one
of those things that the parts of the
car that you loved you really really
loved and the parts to where they don't
quite get it right makes you absolutely
hate the car it's a very polarizing car
car it's polarizing all there's almost
nothing really completely like this car
it's been compared to sort of a small
Ferrari it's it's a little bit of a race
cars what it is no it's not terribly
expensive and the whole idea here is
that Fiats trying to re-enter the
American market with the Alfa luxury
brand so it's a great car if you view it
from a very limited scope because what
it really is is a toy because for the
money you can get other cars that are
actually better to live with that are
easier to live with and just as fast I
really feel like it's a great buy for
somebody who might want to track car I I
agree with you there the steering was
one of the most communicative I've ever
experienced it talks to you it
communicates with you the way the
transmission moves up and down gears you
were able to have a lot of fun at 45 to
50 miles an hour it's true without
really breaking the law so
Alfa Romeo decided that they wanted to
save weight one place where they can
save weight over the front wheels does
not have power steering as a result
driving this car around town is a
workout it's arm day this is not a daily
driver okay and it's if you if you're
familiar with Lotus you know Lotus
sports cars similar kind of thing the
Tesla Roadster for example also doesn't
have power steering so the trade-off is
you're getting like you said before that
precise communicative feel everything
maximum feedback kind of steering
experience and you know doing a
three-point turn is a little bit yes
not just challenging virtually in public
