whether you're a fan of mr. Trump or not
his appeal as someone who says I'm going
to make America great again that is
historical appeal which the Star Wars
saga does get hold of in the Star Wars
prequels the likelihood that under very
difficult conditions there'll be an
impulse to put some strong person in
control and the legislature will yield
power to that strong person whatever you
think of mr. Trump or not there is some
impulse of let him have authority let's
just get rid of our normal structures
undoubtedly many of mr. Trump's fans
think of him as a Skywalker someone who
can fight successfully against external
foes who can restore basic safety to the
American people Star Wars does have some
enduring lessons for how polities get
polarized under conditions of internal
disorder and external threat
