a quick little breath check may not be
enough time there are lots of potential
causes for bad breath and it can range
from a really bad sinus infection where
some of those germs produce an odor it
can come from tonsillitis or tonsil
lifts which are low-grade infections
inside of the tonsils other causes could
be dental infections tooth infections
gingivitis sometimes there's a
colonization on the back of the tongue
of germs that emanate and cause bad
breath your GI tract your digested food
or folks who might have a slow GI
transit time one way you might be able
to sense if you really may have bad
breath is to breathe into a bag for a
while and let that breath accumulate and
then close it and then smell it later
and see if it's accumulated a smell over
time a quick little breath check may not
be enough time so if you accumulate the
breath in a bag or a mask than you may
notice it
