hiccups are an involuntary contraction
of our diaphragm our diaphragm is the
muscle layer that separates our chest
and our lungs from our abdomen and so
various stimuli can induce hiccups and
it can range from a particular food item
it can just simply be uh plus fasting
muscle contraction it could be from an
overfull belly and in fact there are
some medical conditions that can cause
hiccups including an intra-abdominal
abscess or an infection underneath the
diaphragm so your general hiccups though
when they come on it's usually due to
some irritant that's hit your airway or
your esophagus and the diaphragm starts
contracting some ways to stop the
hiccups from happening are to hold one's
breath so if you take a deep breath in
and perhaps just physically try to
contract your diaphragm that will
sometimes stop the spasms right there
I have a technique that's actually
worked for everyone I've ever
encountered which is in fact to drink
water tall glass of water from the side
opposite that you're usually drinking
from so normally we drink glass of water
from this side try to drink her from the
opposite side by tilting your head down
and drinking the water that way and in
fact because of the way it's making the
muscles contract it stopped
hiccups including a gentleman who I saw
who had been hiccupping for a week who
was having severe abdominal pains could
barely eat and I had him doing this in
the office and his hiccups went away it
was pretty dramatic
