there's also been a lot of attention
this week on the price of the EpiPen the
epinephrine injector that people use to
prevent allergic reactions the price has
just drastically increased over the last
few years putting a lot of pressure on
health insurance costs and also
individuals who have to pay for their
own epic ends what's what can be done to
fix this sort of problem where is the
where's the policy failure well you know
most almost everybody but the US has
some sort of system where
pharmaceuticals are not in fact soul you
know on an open market there either
controlled or their purchased by a
national health agency or something like
that and the result often is that the US
is the residual where the monopoly
profits are earned so ya might want to
look almost by definition drugs are our
monopoly enterprises because of patent
system so regulate them like the Napoles
but the weird thing is epinephrine is is
not under patent the the device is under
patent but it's not that hard to invent
an equivalent device in fact there is
another one on the market and said I've
seen a lot of pushback from
conservatives on this basically saying
you know set aside the issue of drug
patents here the issue is that the FDA
has been has made it too difficult to
approve competing devices and you could
have a competitive market in this
without price controls if you had
several companies allowed to sell you
know we have I mean we can talk about
details of FDA policy and whether
they're too too slow but you know there
have been reasons the FDA rules are not
there arbitrarily they it happened
because there were disasters there were
drugs that turned out to be extremely
harmful so the point is a simple
ideology free markets it's not going to
do it saying your markets are bad is not
going to do it either but you have to
step in and say weird where do we need a
little bit more hand to protect people
and by the way I have close relative
with a lethal peanut allergy so I the
EpiPen is a real issue I've seen I've
seen it in action I can see what the
financial hardship would be
