Coffee is antioxidant rich mushrooms
have whatever mushrooms have in them the
four sigma dick mushroom coffee mix is
coffee made with chaga mushrooms and
either lion's mane which according to
their site has brain boosting effects
that can increase productivity or cordis
that mushrooms which again according to
the site can give you all the
stimulation of regular coffee but none
of the jitters I should point out that
this is instant coffee which I
personally find to be the grocery stuff
in the universe but this actual mushroom
coffee actually is not that bad and some
mornings I had to splash a little bit of
cream in mine just to make it tastier
one time I added hemp milk hey what's up
I thought the coffee was just okay let's
take it to the co-worker cam and see
what they thought if you enjoy coffee I
would not recommend it it was not great
it just tasted like toffee that had been
sitting out in a pot for a while I guess
I thought it tasted like bed instant
coffee with a hint of mushroom it wasn't
something that I could imagine myself
you know reaching for every morning to
drink
yikes the only co-worker of mine that
liked it was my homegirl Jess
I thought the mushroom coffee was
actually pretty good it's a very clean
tasting um coffee but I thought the
flavor overall was pretty great I've
just been informed that I cannot refer
to my co-worker as homegirl and I am
sorry and please don't fire me now
personally I did not get any jitters
from drinking two cups of mushroom
coffee every day I don't think that's
saying much because I drink so much
coffee during the day it's literally my
blood one of the bigger supporters of
this mushroom coffee is Tim Ferriss he
mentions on his podcast all the time
Ferris is very rich and successful I
clearly am NOT sad so I don't know who
do you wanna listen to try for yourself
and see if I took 15 bucks for 10
packets it's like a buck 50 a cup I
think right give a shot why not so that
Tim Ferriss money's been ridiculous
