it drives me crazy that there are media
moderators for any presidential debates
how the media managed to inject itself
into campaigns this way that they get to
ask the questions no I'm sorry Lincoln
and Douglas did not have moderators
asking about transgender bathroom let
the candidates ask one another questions
you can have a referee they are to keep
time make sure nobody you know goes over
time and an answer and I keep hearing
about the various moderators media
moderators they may have and think oh
that's great so we get to pick the best
of the Democrats well no okay how about
Hillary you have to pick between you
know me and sean hannity which one of us
do you think would be fair because I you
know I can be fair I can totally be fair
all of we want a moderator for is to
keep time no asking questions not
interested in what George Stephanopoulos
wants to know let the candidates ask one
and other questions like Lincoln and
Douglas did it why should the media be
choosing the questions at all because I
promise you if it were not for Donald
Trump there would never have been a
single question about immigration that
would never been a single question about
how to secure the border about refugees
about anchor babies it would have been
all global warming and transgender
bathrooms
