first of all let's start off by saying
I'm a big Boston Market fan one of my
favorite restaurants I think in the
world I would say this doesn't smell
great so it flakes apart pretty nicely
I'm into that
you know what it's not terrible it's not
terrible actually not as bad as I
thought it was gonna be very kind of
salty it's really salty it's kind of
greasy so dry I gotta say when you pick
off the mushrooms don't eat them that's
my favorite part about this the
mushrooms are really spongy which is not
what you want to hear the sauce is good
I mean it's like it's not good it's just
it's it's acceptable and it's got a lot
of salt in it so I would say out of the
chicken marsala my least favorite part
is the chicken
everything else is delicious this is
like the Shrek of chicken like the kids
will like it it's got some adult humor
to it you'll like it the chicken it is
perfect but when you add the sauce it's
just way too salty if I found myself in
a Boston Market and decided to eat this
I would not be upset about it I think
that Boston Market should kind of just
do what it does best which is basic
rotisserie chicken do not take your time
out to go to Boston Market one of the
best eating establishments in America
and then ruin your beautiful rotisserie
chicken butts horrible horrible stuff
don't do that
