and he says by 2020 he's going to have
95% of the african-american support why
are you laughing my goal is to provide
every african-american child in our
country with access to the ladder of
American success that means good
education and a great paying job
Trump's telling the african-american
community I am the guy for you and he
says by 2020 he's going to have 95% of
the african-american support why are you
laughing
well that's Donald Trump look he has a
heart for every American and he also
sees a truth-teller he speaks the truth
it's been the failed policies of
Democrat politicians that have that have
harmed people living in the cities in
this country now for generations and and
and it's had special impact on the
African American community he's speaking
the truth but he's also he's also doing
what a leader should do and that is
saying that as john f kennedy said we're
going to advance policies that cause all
ships to rise to create opportunities
for every American and and his
optimistic view about the 2020 when he's
running for re-election that's that's
pure Donald Trump
