to put it mildly Simone biles is an
extraordinary athlete she exhibits
incredible command over her body as she
flips through the air on the beam the
bars the vault and the floor so what's
the secret to her mastery well it does
help that she's only four foot eight and
of course she spent years and years
perfecting her skills in the gym but the
real key could be her brain
Thomas Jessel a biochemistry professor
at Columbia University recently laid out
the neurological functions at work when
a gymnast like biles is performing
incredible acrobatics to navigate the
physical environment of the beam sensory
nerves on her skin send information to
enter neurons in her spine which in turn
communicate with motor neurons and her
muscles to feel and grip the beam
accordingly sensory nerves and her
muscles are also communicating with her
brain to help map and adjust the
position of her limbs even though she
can't directly see them this ability to
sense the arrangement of all the parts
of your body is referred to as
proprioception when she flips tiny tubes
in her ears that are filled with fluid
monitor the motion and rotation of her
head
this signal needs to be quick
considering she can turn a thousand
eighty degrees in just a couple of
seconds in order to stick the landing
files tracks the beam with her eyes this
information is sent to the visual cortex
which then helps coordinate the limbs to
ensure a direct landing onto the four
inch wide surface now our understanding
of how the brain and body communicate is
still in its infancy but it's possible
that super athletes like biles have
better wired nervous systems that allow
for quicker and more cohesive
communication between body parts it
seems clear that the amazing athleticism
biles displays is as big a feat of the
mind as it is of the body
you
