hi I'm Jimmy Wales founder of Wikipedia
and a co-founder of wiki Tribune Donald
Trump is a very talented man as a TV
character as you know as a manipulator
of the media of news agenda he's played
the entire world we have to give him
some kind of perverse credit for that
and what does that mean he he's upset a
lot of people and he's upset a lot of
people that cut across party lines we're
gonna have the wall we're building the
wall we're building the wall folks we're
building the world you know you you used
to think well you you look at the the
two competing parties of two competing
politicians and you you maybe like some
of their policies some of their policies
you decide on balance which you like the
best and that's how you vote for and
Donald Trump is upset people because he
lies all the time and and openly and
cavalierly doesn't care about the truth
truth doesn't matter one of the things
that's really distressing about the
current ages that degree to which people
are questioning that and whatever the
philosophical roots of that are I'm not
completely qualified to say but it's
actually quite interesting you know we
used to twenty years ago you would sort
of make fun of super lefty
postmodernists who talked about
situatedness and and the flexibility of
truth and so on Wow that seems to have
leaked down to the right-wing who are
now very happy to tell you that truth
doesn't matter and that fact servers on
wherever you make up today and so on
it's quite scary and I think we need to
get back to a very Aristotelian world
with yoohoo hair facts are facts and you
it's not easy to find the facts but you
have to be serious about it you have to
be think carefully about reason and
logic and how do you determine what is
quality evidence and so forth rather
than trusting them the latest tweet
that comes across the line you know so
far we haven't seen very much in the way
of a rise of actual danger and violence
against journalism but I do think that
the potential is there and I do think
that the mood that the president is
creating raises that potential we also
can think about not just you know
violence against journalism but also the
legal environment the legal hostility
the president is not afraid to intimate
that he's going to sue journalists for
printing things he doesn't agree with
and that behavior will have trickle-down
effects to lots and lots of other people
who think it would never have occurred
to them that they could intimidate
journalists by legal threats and then
that may become a tactic that's more
used particularly if as Donald Trump is
desirous of you know weakening libel
laws and so forth to allow more lawsuits
against journalists of course Donald
Trump doesn't seem to know much about
the law so he doesn't know it's not
really a federal issue but still he can
have an impact even at the state level
you
