we wanted to be able to execute car
quite fast to go from prototype an idea
to engineering and production
so I managed to get into the backseat of
the Sandra's electric car and what's
really interesting about this single
seat in the back is you feel like you've
got so much space because there's
nothing to the left or right of you it's
actually really spacious in here I'm six
feet tall and I've got really good
Headroom my feet stretch well I think
this would be a very comfortable ride
we're now gonna have the models every
year oh you know we change defender we
changed a hood you know we want to keep
this as focused more on technology and
then just keep the look for as long as
possible the way it is
you're just gonna order online and you
will have a car delivered to your house
and you'll have a manual you're gonna
video you're gonna have a 24/7 access to
if you have any problems to our to our
so-called Genius Bar for tech service so
it's gonna be quite interesting now its
biggest challenge what we have is like
how do you how do you have the least
parts possible and accomplish the best
product possible and how do you put it
together in least painful way the model
sounder seems like a real contender in
the electric car market it's affordable
it's great for commuters and it doesn't
seem Porky at least from the front but
this is still the prototype they'll be
adding a few more features such as
regenerative braking a front trunk and
the more spacious interior would you buy
this ten thousand dollar easy
