I actually really nervous well it smells
like a Cheeto burp hmm-hmm-hmm it's not
good but it's not offensive no I don't
like that at all I actually don't think
these are that bad
I think these are kind of okay oh the
mac & cheese is like what they serve you
in like elementary school
it's like mac and cheese it's making me
sitting there for a long time super
machine you know why it's really gross
cause it tastes fake like nothing about
this tastes real obviously Cheetos are
fake but I mean they stink in the room
stinks
like the room really stinks like I can't
imagine like eating these only gonna
plain I would recommend not smelling
them directly like almost like they're a
chemical like you should waft like they
teach you in science class in high
school is I mean have you ever had like
packaged cheese crackers like the cheese
and cracker kind of like you know that's
like been prepackaged like RIT's used to
sell them I don't know if they still do
it's like that kind of cheese nothing
natural about this at all no does it
remind me of all of Cheetos I think what
they are are to just draw you into
Burger King to start talking about
Burger King well I'm 250 for five of
these apparently they're 310 calories I
googled this beforehand but they really
if there are 310 calories you feel all
310 I think by the end of them this is a
stunt it sucks
there's bad there's bad I don't like I'm
sorry so I've currently taken three
bites which is more than I think I would
have done in my own but I definitely
wouldn't pay for them there's like
nothing it tastes like just all
chemicals it's it's an affront to nature
you
