it's the most important we've been told
that breakfast is the most important
meal of the day
skipping it can supposedly increase the
risk of weight gain high cholesterol and
coronary heart disease but the
importance of breakfast is a myth the
reality is that researchers are still
debating and muddling the dispute is
shaky science some of the leading
studies about the purported benefits of
breakfast are not controlled experiments
instead researchers analyzed large
national surveys and look for
correlations between eating breakfast
and health factors like weight and
cholesterol the problem is that in
studies like these over 90% of the
claims fail to replicate for as many
studies that find skipping breakfast
helps you lose weight an equal number of
studies have suggested skipping will
make you gain weight complicating
matters further our study sponsored by
leading cereal manufacturers one study
found that people who ate hot or cold
cereals for breakfast had a healthier
weight than people who ate eggs meat
fruits vegetables and other items but
the results are suspicious when you read
the fine print
that's not the only study that Kellogg
and other major cereal manufacturers
have sponsored it's a battle between
good bad and biased science the verdict
on breakfast is still out but you don't
need one if you're hungry in the morning
then you should eat breakfast otherwise
don't feel guilty about skipping
