it's not why do these athletes implode
it's why do we view it that way if you
look at the the contrast between who
they are and what we see it looks bigger
than it actually is the players that
never get noticed are the ones that have
an average career but if you hit 40 50
points in a game and then all of a
sudden you only hit 15 then there's
something wrong if you're an elite
athlete something goes wrong you're not
at your best and you say what's wrong
with me that's gonna lead you to
actually not performing at your best you
know as Dave Winfield says a slump is a
period of adjustment it's a
statistically acceptable aberration so
we have to look at those players and say
of course they're gonna mess up
sometimes if we interpret it is that
that's something globally wrong with
them
it's not helpful for them the way that
you interpret data can really lead to
how you feel and so we try to help
people to talk to themselves in an
adaptive way so they feel differently
about their performance the way in which
you talk to yourself indicates and leads
to a certain level of confidence or lack
thereof if your message to yourself and
your mindset is I can do this I'm ready
for this you're much more likely to be
able to be there in the moment and bring
out your very best
