The Four Seasons is offering five
different trips around the world and
their Boeing 757 jet which has just 52
seats
guests stay at Four Seasons Resorts the
whole time the first trip is called
culinary discoveries it cost 135
thousand dollars per person last 24 days
guests will visit a temple in Korea to
learn the traditional Buddhist
preparation of ancient temple food also
head to India to experience the street
food in Mumbai the second trip is called
global get away it also costs 135
thousand dollars per person and lasts 19
days guests get to experience Koh Samui
an exclusive island in the Gulf of
Thailand as well as travel via cable car
to the top of cerro de monserrate
mountain in colombia the third trip is
called international intrigue it costs
one hundred thirty two thousand dollars
per person and last twenty four days
guests get to have a private dinner on
China's Great Wall as well as scuba dive
in the Maldives
the fourth trip is called extraordinary
adventures it costs 137 thousand dollars
per person last 25 days guests can
zipline across the rainforest in Costa
Rica as well as a safari on the
Serengeti the fifth trip is called
cultural escape it costs one hundred six
thousand dollars per person in last 19
days guests get to see Dubai from the
top of the world's tallest building as
well as Renaissance art in Florence
Italy and while you're in the air you
can toast family and friends with the
latest vintage of Don pairing young the
exclusive champagne provider
