when people feel powerful or when they
feel proud when they feel victorious
when they're crossing the finish line in
first place what do they do they throw
their arms up in the air like this power
causes us to expand the question is can
expanding cause us to feel powerful when
you expand your body and it can be in a
big pose or even just sitting up
straight and pulling your shoulders back
you activate what psychologists call the
behavioral approach system your mind
starts to feel more confident and
powerful it starts to see those
challenging situations not as threats
but as opportunities when you're
slouching your body is saying to your
mind you're feeling powerless when you
sit upright you feel happier and more
confident and it's a tiny little change
but it changes the way you feel and it
even changes the way you behave so do
things like set a reminder on your phone
every hour check your posture before you
walk into a challenging situation in
private adopt expansive postures so go
find a private space maybe your office
maybe your home maybe a bathroom stall
maybe the elevator or the stairwell not
in front of other people but that's when
you can really stretch out prepare your
mind to walk into that situation not
feeling threatened but feeling safe and
confident
