we're in the North Beach Telegraph Hill
neighborhood we've got Grant in green
right on the corner which is like really
one of the main crossroads in San
Francisco the oldest part of Jack
Kerouac stomping grounds kind of I like
to say it's where a lot of inspiration
comes from again this is a micro unit
and this building was remodeled and
converted back back a few years ago come
on in the units in here right right in
here to the left this is the unit of 232
square feet I've had one open house been
on the market 11 days we actually had
them lined up at the door went for that
first open house its 232 square feet
what is the listing price four hundred
and twenty-five thousand dollars four
hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars
at 232 square feet yeah it's location
$1,800 for sure good yeah kollene Sur
Francisco me in San Francisco where the
floors were just replaced the whole
place was just repainted in the bathroom
we've got travertine todo finishes real
spacious it's actually a quite quite a
large shower well done this is not the
kind of bathroom you would expect to
find in a micro unit you know sort of
like shower sink accommodation like an
airport sink type of a thing know that
you know if you're if you're going to
live in this space having having a
spa-like bathroom is really helpful for
sure you've got this is could be your
living area and this is your TV the TV
is coming with the unit which is nice
you can just come on in and hang out
yeah and then up here is where possibly
you could put your bed here you can do a
futon tech bed that pulls out or you
could do a Murphy bed there's a lot of
great options for creative people sure
they work pretty good storage space so
real actually good closet space in here
any other weight loss is collected by a
long shot
so this is your kitchen you've got a
great little sitting nook for you know
either working or eating or whatever you
want two burner stove choice put a
microwave and refrigerator stainless
granite countertop
no oven that I see no oven we're
actually inside the garage in the garage
has windows so these blocks actually
allow the natural light to come through
and then on this side we have the window
that opens to that open-air atrium oh
great and this window so it creates air
for upstairs we have this incredible
roof deck that you probably would spend
every morning drinking coffee and every
night drinking martinis so you want to
go take a look at that all right it's an
elevator building too so you don't have
to do the bunk at all so fancy around
here so the tip of the bay bridge
Transamerica building Nob Hill st. Peter
and Paul I think Golden Gate Bridge San
Francisco Bay quite tower that this is
what you're really big this is what
you're paying for
