longevity noodles is one of the types of
noodles that we have in our restaurant
that's handmade the dough is made from
wheat flour cold water and a little bit
of salt just like our other hand pull
noodles
the thing about longevity noodles is
that it's one noodle so the noodle
shouldn't be broken obviously besides
being tasty it's also a sign of good
fortune good luck to eat this longevity
noodles which should help you achieve a
long life the dough is prepared in two
really long coils and basically rolled
out into sticks and then coiled up and
we keep them that way until they're
ready to be pulled and served we take
the coil and we tug on the end of it and
we slowly tuck through the whole thing
so it's sort of like stretching from
here the cook will basically put the
noodles on both hands and wind them up
so it's all even and it's ready to be
pulled and the actual pulling motion is
hitting the noodles on the work surface
which creates the sound Beyond which is
the theme of one of our restaurants but
at the same time stretches the noodles
in a consistent manner where it won't
break as easily and it will also you
know be longer and more edible after the
noodles pulled to the right consistency
and right thickness it's thrown into
boiling water for about three or five
minutes while the noodle is being cooked
the cook will start preparing what goes
on top of the noodles in this case it's
chicken the chicken is sauteed with some
vegetables such as bell peppers potatoes
celery some wood ear mushrooms dried red
chili peppers all sauteed with a little
bit of soy sauce and of course our
secret ingredients
spices and such which brings all the
flavors together and provides most of
flavoring for the noodles so after that
sauteed in a wok on high fire couldn't
it also be fished out and the topping of
the chicken would go around something
that wasn't served right away to me
while it's piping hot unfortunately it's
very hard to eat a lot of people that
are inexperienced with eating this dish
may feel tempted to cut things up with a
knife or some places I've seen used
scissors it's considered bad luck to do
so but I understand but it's definitely
something that if you were to do in
China people would be like okay that's
not good luck don't do that
