the legalization of marijuana in many US
states is creating a massive new
industry giving a generation of
entrepreneurs and opportunity to strike
it rich these are their stories
right now where the marijuana mansion
tonight we have a party where it'll be
probably between six to seven hundred
people
my driver's reaction and we're driving
up the atmosphere at the marijuana
mansion is off the chain I never seen so
much crazy food from lobster shrimp as
big as my hand to all the marijuana that
is smelling so great in this mansion
it's just such a wonderful vibe
everybody here is happy everyone is
smiling
there's no negativity here it's just all
peace and love name is Michael's
formaiities
and I have a manufacturer the number one
marijuana fertilizer brand in the world
189 countries currently I grew up in
rural Illinois sauce from lay with
fertilizing and all those plants grow
things this year reduced about 50
million and our goal for 2016 270
million I always tell people if you grow
or consume marijuana today you benefited
from something that I've done I've got
53 industry firsts right now and I was
at lunch and I wants to blow the minds
out of the marketplace marijuana down is
the name of the book that I'm bringing
else I started the Instagram knowing
that my book is coming out called
marijuana time what got a lot of
attention was the private jets and the
women in the weed and I do that when I
go to these I fly around quite a bit in
project because it's just I'm buying
time from so busy now and so when I go
to these events
I said well we'll string the miles and
bring them on the airplane you can go in
that way anyways I like to have fun as
I'm working that's just one tiny aspect
of Who I am if you look at the Instagram
it shows all aspects of my life that
you'll see not just that though the
Instagram followers they like that kind
of stuff the most so it is what it is
these parties absolutely do play into
the persona however this is about
business this is as much fun for me as
it is business because of who's here
it's the who's who of cannabis if you
got venture capitalist guys coming in
here like all kinds of stuff beautiful
women and so what I'm talking and
meeting people they'll be business
things discussed here as well I think
people forget and they think
you know sweet it's just an industry but
it's a business like anything else in my
space I'm a rock star
that's it and mainstream America doesn't
know who I am so as this thing is
blowing up now mainstream America is
becoming more aware of who Big Mike is
and quite frankly that is what I want I
want when the 80 year old grandmother in
Nebraska thinks a Big Mike and she
realizes that Big Mike is synonymous
with cannabis then I've done my job and
I'll keep pushing until that happens I
want to build Big Mike as the premier
cannabis national brand
you
