how you format and layout the content of
your resume is just as important as the
actual content because it has to be easy
for someone to quickly scan over and
pick out the most important pieces of
information always think that the top
third of your resume is a snapshot it
should be everything they really need to
know about you in terms of what type of
job are you targeting and why are you
qualified for that type of job it should
sum up what they really need to know
about you and give you teasers for the
rest of the resume so they actually want
to read the rest they want to know I'd
go out on a limb and say objectives a
dirty word and resume writing you don't
want that on your resume why because
it's the most vague thing in the entire
world it doesn't tell the recruiter
really anything about you and it's all
about what you want not necessarily what
you can provide to the employer so
instead of having one of those awful
run-of-the-mill objective statements
replace it with a professional summary
that's your elevator pitch
what are you great at and passionate
about and why are you qualified to
pursue that type of role that's what you
want to capture there underneath that
you have a core competencies or areas of
expertise section it's a quick summary
so they understand exactly who are they
dealing with and what's their realm of
knowledge to figure out are you a good
fit or not when you're looking at your
work experience on your resume and
you're trying to break it down I usually
recommend a format where you have a
small paragraph that describes your role
and responsibilities at the end of the
day what were you hired to do and then
underneath that you use bullets and the
bullet points are a great technique to
draw the eye to your bragging points
always think bullet points equal
bragging points and when you're talking
about those bullets you want to use
action verbs if you are fresh out of
school if you are entry-level you get
one page of real estate you haven't done
enough to warrant a second page you
don't get that much real estate if
you're five or more years out of the out
of college you've had a job or two you
have enough material you're allowed to
go to a second page your header should
be larger and normally anywhere from 13
or
14 all the way up to 16 depending on
what you're emphasizing but your main
body is tends to be a 10 to 12 font size
I recommend going as low as half an inch
all the way around but definitely don't
go any lower than that you um you run
into issues with printing at that point
and frankly if you need to go smaller
than that you're trying to cram too much
information in you need to reevaluate
what you're putting in there in the
first place
