the Europe is a peninsula it's
surrounded at Werth sides by water and
on that Peninsula nobody lives more than
around three four hundred miles in the
sea at the farthest there's a line
between st. Petersburg and Rostov that
represents the base of the peninsula and
everything east of that that's really
the beginning of Russia and Russia
itself has no access to the sea really
not not directly Russia is a landlocked
country and that makes it a very poor
country and it's totally different from
the rest of Europe
we call them part of Europe but one is
this very wealthy trading peninsula and
the other is this very poor very large
very hard to get around in country
European Russia really can't reach the
outside world unless it has a political
relationship to other countries one of
the reasons they were so worried about
the Turkish response is shooting down
their plane in a real confrontation
between Turkey and Russia
oddly enough Turkey has the upper hand
because they can close down the
Bosphorus and block up energy grains
whatever they want for reaching the rest
of the world most of the rest of Russia
is very poorly populated Siberia is not
empty but it's pretty close to being
empty given its size the area east of
Moscow is pretty empty so when you take
a look at a map of Russia and think
about it in terms of where the
population is it looks very different
from its physical characteristics and
because of that is pretty pretty poor
since the early 18th century Russia has
had a buffer states that were protecting
it from the West
there with Baltics which are now part of
NATO Belarus which was a now a neutral
country and Ukraine the most important
of them which now is part of the Western
alliance structure one way or the other
that buffer is what protected them from
Napoleon it exhausted him before got to
Moscow that buffer protected them in the
First World War that buffer allowed them
to crush Hitler when he came through the
Ukraine having lost that buffer they are
extremely vulnerable if anybody would
ever choose to attack them and for the
Russian point of view that's as
unacceptable as the u.s. losing Texas so
that makes the Ukraine fundamentally
important that so what makes the Baltic
support
