so when you look at what's happening in
the marketplace you're seeing folks
particularly young people but women but
just in general the market really
migrating towards SUV small medium and
large SUVs and you're seeing that for a
couple of reasons first off you get more
utility out of SUVs so you're able to
not only all your friends or family
around but you can haul more things or
stuff in your vehicles you also tend to
sit up higher so you get a better
command of the road particularly if
you're sitting in traffic etc and when
you look at the fuel economy difference
between a sedan today and let's say a
small or medium sized SUV that
difference is much less than it used to
be in the past so it's not a question of
I have to trade off one thing for the
nother you can get an aunt solution and
our view is today one out of every three
vehicles in the u.s. is an SUV that'll
probably go to 40% and that's why we've
been a leader in this area for a number
of years now and we're going to be
introducing four new SUVs into new
segments that we don't compete in over
the next four years to build on our
strengths
