before i'm finished i guarantee you that
we will have apple products made in the
United States not in China I guarantee
you if it means that Apple is going to
have to do something and we're going to
have to create a little incentive for
them to stay here we're going to do that
we're gonna do that boycott Apple it's
never going to happen that the iphone is
going to be produced in the US there's
talk about increases in minimum wage and
for an able to iphone to be made
assembled in the US would require
somewhere around one to two dollars per
hour given that US people are not going
to work for one to two dollars an hour
it's just simply not going to happen
they're assembled in china they're made
from components some of them come from
china most of them come from taiwan on
top of that is the employees and there's
about a million different people who
actually go and assemble these phones
can make about one to two US dollars per
hour that cost is a big advantage when
you're putting building 270 million
iPhones per year I don't think it would
be possible for Apple to be forced to
move the labor to the US and the reasons
that they would have to start forcing a
lot of companies to move their labor to
the US and when you look at the total
margin this would take about fifteen
percent of the profitability out of the
phone so it's unlikely that that would
happen
you
