most powerful leader in the world is
Vladimir Putin that was true last year
it's it's true this year
Putin has consolidated institutions in
his country around him there's enormous
control for what is still a reasonably
sizable economy and also one of the
world's largest militaries one guy makes
the decisions second most powerful
leader in the world today Xi Jinping of
China world's second largest economy
building up their military consolidating
control under himself and I gotta say
after 35 years of 10% on average growth
in China developed by the state the
patriotism in China is pretty high and
Xi Jinping has become a significant
beneficiary he's reasonably charismatic
he's kind of tall but aside from that
people like him number 3 I'm gonna go
with Narendra Modi you got a country of
over a billion people
they've been underperforming for decades
he won with a massive landslide he's got
an India first strategy that's working
all over the world he's built up an
extraordinary relationship with Japan
he's got all sorts of countries that are
saying we now want to invest after
saying for decades that they want to
have nothing to do with India and he's
also reforming at home the fact that
India's actually finally here is do
almost single-handedly deny Hendra Modi
and I think he deserves the three spot
as a consequence number four I'm gonna
go with Angela Merkel Chancellor of
Germany her popularity has taken an
enormous tumble because of the
Volkswagen scandal and the refugee
crisis there's no question but still
fact is you know she still leads your
party leads the coalition still is
sticking with we need to do more for
Refugees when no one else is supporting
or outside of Germany look this is gonna
be an impossible year for Merkel at the
end of the year she's gonna be doing a
lot worse but for now I give her the
number four slot number five I'm gonna
go with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo
Abe Abe and his popularity has slipped
but nonetheless he runs the Liberal
Democratic Party with pretty direct
control he's got a lot of loyalty there
is Loy
for many the Ministry of Economy Trade
and Industry which is the most important
ministry in the Japanese government has
loyalty for the private sector to
abenomics continuum the fact that he
actually named the policy after himself
you know do that in Japan and Japan
you're modest you get destroyed by
Godzilla every once in a while
ah BAE's gotten away with it furthermore
look the Japanese population is
shrinking they're not gonna bring in
immigrants and they're not gonna have
more babies so that means that if you
want the Japanese economy to grow
you're gonna go out you got to invest
Abhi's doing it it's a pretty good story
at the end of the day he deserves our
five spot most powerful leaders in the
world today wild card if you want to
have someone that's not actually running
anything or at least not running a
country that deserves to be on the list
how about Pope Francis he talks about
the issues no one will talk about these
inequality his climate change he's
single-handedly revitalizing one of the
most anti progressive institutions in
the world and as a human being he's
extraordinarily aspirational he might
even be taking on the mantle of Nelson
Mandela
now that Mandela's gone who would have
thought the head of the Catholic Church
could do that he deserves an asterisk on
our spot of most powerful people
