hi this is Natalie hi my name is Natalie
Osman and this is a mirror adjustment
why was that was kind of boring hi my
name is Natalie rushman I have this is
my husband Matt Iseman
hi we're the creators of the follow me
to project that you can see online on
the Instagram mostly where Natalie is
dragging me all over the world by
holding my hand it was three years three
four years ago we started it in
Barcelona it was our first trip together
and it was accidentally dia Natalie
pulled my hand forward and I managed to
snap that picture and then throughout
our travel we took several pictures in
Barcelona in San Sebastian
all over Spain and we're doing that for
an hour one and a half years and then
BOOM mmm eradicated the moments and we
see oh it's really good and try to do it
everywhere it was quite extraordinary
that a brand like ink which main target
is retail stores and one normal native
advertising approach to us I guess
they're taking a new direction we were
really excited that's this new direction
was with us towards the social media big
brands like ink heaven you a new or
feelings about promotion and we're
really happy to be a new face to be able
to be a part of it we manage to do
whatever we want it and we share the
same philosophy with the brand and it's
really important to have for the brand
to be organically implemented in the
project rather than being like a direct
advertising which is really good that
the brain believes that survivors in can
be very happy yeah
