this is intelligent investing presented
by fidelity investments late last week
President Trump announced that the US
would impose tariffs on imports of steel
and aluminum US stocks broadly sold off
after the announcement while domestic
steel companies got a small boost this
decision could cause retaliation from
other countries and possibly a trade war
a recent note from fidelity viewpoints
identifies the likely losers of
protectionist trade policies first
country's most dependent on exports will
be hurt by US tariffs small economy is
more open to trade have a lot at stake
such as the Netherlands where exports
and imports make up a hundred and forty
percent of the country's GDP and
emerging markets that have benefited
from developed market demand such as
Mexico and China are likely to be
targeted by US policymakers other losers
are companies that get a lot of their
revenue from outside the US for example
in the u.s. half of the revenue from the
tech sector comes from abroad while US
revenues in utilities and financials are
almost entirely domestic which means
these companies will be less impacted
truly global companies that sell
internationally and are dependent on
access to foreign markets will also
suffer and the final loser is anyone
that benefits from lower prices on
imported goods both US consumers and
businesses well it's unclear how this
will all play out Fidelity points out
that the broader issue is the
possibility of escalating anti trade
policies which could slow or even
reverse global growth and spur inflation
you
you
