it's easy to identify the jerks at work
maybe you can avoid them but maybe you
can't but they're much more destructive
than you may think
study in the Journal of Applied
Psychology reveals that jerks or D
Energizer's can actually bring down the
job performance of everyone around them
so even though positive relationships
could outnumber negative ones in most
offices by five to one a few jerks can
ruin everything for a company even one
or two negative relationships can be
very potent pulling down your
performance and well being so if it's
such a potential threat to getting work
done and office culture what can you do
professor Spreitzer says employees can
avoid the jerks altogether or limit
interactions spend more time with
employees who make you feel good make
sure you find meaning in your work and
managers can help - they can set
standards for behavior and enforce them
factoring behavior when promoting people
and communicate regularly so far the
research shows that if you feel like
you're thriving at work the power of the
jerk and your row diminishes and that's
a positive
