Tom Brady is the third-oldest
quarterback in the NFL his personal chef
who cooks all his meals revealed what he
feeds the star QB to keep him at peak
levels 80% of Brady's diet is organic
vegetables and whole grains things like
brown rice quinoa millet
and beans are all staples the other 20%
is a mix of grass-fed organic steak duck
chicken and wild salmon equally telling
is what he doesn't eat no white sugar no
white flour and no msg instead Brady
chef uses raw olive oil but not to cook
with for cooking he uses coconut oil he
also uses Himalayan pink salt instead of
iodized salt Brady doesn't eat tomatoes
peppers mushrooms or eggplants because
they can cause inflammation it's for
that same reason that he doesn't drink
coffee or dairy products as for good
old-fashioned comfort food it's not what
you'd expect wilted greens with garlic
almonds and the lime curry as for
dessert he's been known to eat avocado
based ice cream Brady has regularly gone
on record saying he wants to play
football well into his 40s with a diet
like his it could very well be possible
