it started for me with a panic attack on
national television on a little show
that we do at ABC News called Good
Morning America I was overtaken with
this irresistible bolt of fear my name
is Dan Harris I'm an anchorman at ABC
News I also wrote a book called 10%
happier which is about how a fidgety
skeptical journalist discovered
meditation basically what happened was I
was anchoring the news updates that's
the person who comes on to the top of
each hour and reads a few headlines off
of the teleprompter it was a job I had
done many times before so I had no
reason to foresee what was about to
happen health news now one of the
world's most commonly prescribed
medications may be providing a big bonus
researchers report people who take
cholesterol-lowering drugs called
statins for at least five years may also
lower their risk for cancer but it's too
early to prescribe statins slowly for
cancer production that does it for News
we're gonna go back now to Robin and
Charlie it was really embarrassing and
also really confusing I ended up going
to a shrink who asked me a series of
questions to try to get at the root of
the problem and one of the questions was
do do drugs and I kind of sheepishly
said yeah I do I had come home from a
long run in Iraq and I've gotten
depressed and I did a really dumb thing
as I started to self-medicate with
recreational drugs including cocaine and
ecstasy it was intermittent but it was
enough according to my shrink to prime
me to have his panic attack on national
television so that that panic attack
which was the most embarrassing moment
of my life in a weird way led me to the
thing that made me ten percent happier
my boss at the time was a guy named
Peter Jennings the legendary anchorman
gave me an assignment that I didn't want
he assigned me to cover faith and
spirituality for ABC News many years
into covering the beat it was suggested
to me by one of my colleagues that I
read a self-help book by a guy named
Eckhart Tolle at first I thought it was
unremitting irretrievable but
not was handing my initial skepticism I
continued to read and I was glad I did
because totally started to unfurl this
this thesis about the human situation
and I had never heard before his
argument is that we all have a voice in
our heads if you're unaware of this
nonstop conversation you are having with
yourself
it Yanks you around it's why you find
yourself with your hand in the fridge
when you're not hungry or
you're checking your email in the middle
of a conversation with your kid or
you're losing your temper when it's
strategically unwise the idea of the
voice in the head explained the most
embarrassing moment of my life I started
to get interested in meditation and I
really thought that as somebody who was
a non obvious meditator but was deriving
a lot of value from it that there were I
just suspected there were tens of
millions of smart skeptical people who
would otherwise reflectively reject the
practice who might be open to it if it
was presented in a different way
notwithstanding all of the cultural
residue that has accrued to meditation
as a practice in fact the scientific
research suggests it works
happiness is a skill that can be trained
just the way you train your bicep in the
gym and that's a really radical and
empowering notion
