confidence is kind of a weak word I
think of it as absolute certainty when
you see a great athlete you see LeBron
James walk out on that basketball court
he's a predator if he owns the place he
moves with that certainty there's no
hesitancy in him so how do you build
certainty how do you produce that you
can command your mind by commanding your
body science has proven that emotion
emotion is created by emotion the way
you move determines the way you feel two
years ago at at Harvard they did a study
women to study about power postures and
she proved that if all you do is stand
with both your hands your hips standing
up I can't do it as they're shooting me
sitting down here or have you ever seen
the guy with his arms back like this
kind of kicking back but if you go back
into these power postures that literally
within two minutes you'll see an
increase of testosterone in men and
women by 25% it's a biochemical change
when you stand like Superman or Wonder
Woman with your hands and hips and your
body upright your head straight
literally that quick your cortisol
levels just the stress hormone drops by
20% and as a result you're 33% more
likely to take a risky action you're
willing to do something you wouldn't
have done before after just two minutes
of standing that way you can also do it
by what you focus on if you're always
focusing on what if this happens what if
that happens most people so we only have
just as a man with one watch knows what
time it is and then with two watches is
never quite sure if you see what you
want working and you also see it not
working you're never gonna be certain
you have to have a clear vision of what
you want
you
