happiness is a skill that can be trained
just the way you train your bicep in the
gym my name is Dan Harris I'm an
anchorman at ABC News I also wrote a
book called 10% happier which is about
how a fidgety skeptical journalists
discovered meditation there has been in
recent years our really exciting and
interesting explosion of scientific
research into meditation it strongly
suggests a tantalising and long list of
health benefits meditation has been
shown to lower blood pressure boost your
immune system reduce the release of
stress hormones in the brain and where
things get truly sci-fi is with the
neuroscience neuro scientists have been
peering into the brains of meditators
and finding that when you meditate in
essence you're doing a kind of brain
surgery on yourself you're rewiring your
brain I'll tell you about a study that
was done at Harvard in 2011 where they
took people who had never meditated
before and they scanned their brains and
then for eight weeks they had them do a
little bit of meditation every day and
then at the end of the eight weeks they
scanned their brains again what they
found was in the area of the brain
associated with a self-awareness and
compassion the gray matter literally
grew and in the area of the brain
associated with stress the gray matter
and literally shrink we have I think for
many of us we have this assumption
either conscious or subconscious that
our happiness depends on exogenously the
the quality of our work life the quality
of our romantic life the quality of our
childhood all of which are extremely
important and I don't mean to downplay
them in any way but I also feel like I
have an inner reserve that I didn't
before as a consequence of meditating
every day and so when you can sit down
for a couple minutes every day and just
see what a zoo it is in here you're
better able to not eat the 18th cookie
or not say that thing that's gonna ruin
the next 48 hours of your marriage or
not check your phone in the middle of a
conversation with another human being
and that is where the rubber hits the
road that's where the value-add is of
this practice
