whether somebody makes $40,000 a year
where they make four million dollars a
year each of those people need prenups
the prenup is going to make sure that
you don't spend a lot of legal fees to
get something that you should have
gotten in your prenup the prenup is
going to build certainty and the prenup
is going to give you a road map right
before the marriage right before you say
I do if you have an inheritance or if
you have any monies at all or any assets
you want to have that prenup to protect
those assets if you're going into
business with your spouse it would be so
important to make sure that you have a
prenup if you acquired that business or
build that business during the marriage
some or all of it may be divisible with
your spouse you may have to divide it in
some way doesn't mean you just split up
the business but it may be a buyout
situation how do you determine what that
buyout situation is going to be and what
percentage your spouse would be entitled
to these are your finances so you you're
not going to be able to plan for what
happens with your children because
actually that's exempt from a prenup
you're not going to be able to plan for
what happens in terms of child support
that's also exempt from a prenup so you
can't plan for those things but when it
comes to your financial future you can
plan for that if you don't have a prenup
you're essentially leaving it for
someone else to decide you're leaving it
for a judge to decide
