the Bible is the most widely read book
in the history of the world far
outselling any other book with 3.9
billion copies sold over the past 50
years
many believe that contains the actual
Word of God but many people don't
realize that over the past 2,000 years
this sacred text has changed a great
deal
no first edition exists well we have our
copies the first of which were made
hundreds of years after the events
supposedly took place for the first 100
to 200 years copies of the Bible were
made by hand and not by professionals
this led to many errors omissions and
most importantly changes here are the
three biggest the earliest manuscripts
of the Gospel of John did not include
Jesus challenging the mob that was about
to stone a woman by saying let any among
you who are without sin cast the first
stone
in fact the story was insert into the
book of John somewhere around 200 to 300
years later bill warren scholar at the
New Orleans Baptist Theological Seminary
told NPR the early church canonized
books and not stories so when it had
authentic stories from Jesus in the oral
tradition the had to find a way to put
it in the text in the Gospel of Mark we
learn about how Jesus rose from the tomb
on the third day and appeared to various
people including his disciples in
original manuscripts of Mark this part
of the story is nowhere to be found
Warren says scribes were seeing the
other Gospels with resurrection stories
so they felt adding a resurrection story
in mark would round out the text better
in the Gospel of Luke Jesus is dying
plea for his executioner's to be
forgiven for they know now what they are
doing was not originally intended to
describe the actions of the Romans
according to Bart D Airmen the author of
misquoting Jesus story behind who
changed the Bible and why in earlier
versions it was meant to refer to the
Jewish leaders who had sentenced him to
death he told NPR this was a problem for
Christians in the 2nd and 3rd centuries
who believed God hadn't forgiven the
Jews and still blamed them for killing
Jesus so it was taken out only to be
added centuries later and che
to reference the Romans as recently as
the 1940s when the Dead Sea scrolls were
found we discovered a version of the Old
Testament containing alternate versions
of various books including the book of
Samuel scholars continue to argue about
many aspects of the Bible and how it's
changed over the centuries
