you ask the experts souls have a certain
technology it says how bad you're
rolling in which is pronation or rolling
out which is super nation but then we
also have an atrix machine you ask your
co-workers look at reviews online see
what people are saying and they actually
put my foot in I think water or
something and had me step on a piece of
paper to see my arch there was once this
where you can step just like take a step
on a mat and that takes like
heat-treating almost you even asked the
internet how do you choose the right
running shoe the only thing stopping me
from fulfilling my new year's resolution
of jogging every week is getting the
right shoes you have so many options
shoes if you're over prone it shoes if
you under pronate those ridiculous five
finger gloves shoes you couldn't pay me
to wear and of course there's no shoe
running which I wouldn't suggest if you
live in New York City many running shoes
are designed to reduce injury or fix
your form scientists at the University
of Calgary have dug through decade's
worth of data and study about running
shoes and the relation to injuries they
found most of our beliefs about running
shoes and injuries are false furthermore
wearing shoes designed to correct your
running form turn out to be mostly
ineffective and even counterproductive
all of their research boils down to one
important thing you need to know when
buying running shoes and it's annoyingly
simple try on a bunch of shoes and then
just pick the shoes to feel the most
comfortable yep that's it pick comfy
shoes furthermore the review published
in the british journal of sports
medicine found that by simply picking
the most comfortable running shoes a
runner may automatically reduce injury
risk so there you have it simple and
easy way to pick the best shoes ah now
there's nothing that stands in my way of
becoming a world-class runner nothing at
all guess I'll start jogging tomorrow
well it's almost a weekend so I'll start
Monday next Monday maybe i'll get some
running app
