I find two amazing guys named richie
rich and travie rain they have a brand
called Heatherette Heatherette reminds
me a FUBU back in the day and these guys
have everybody from Naomi Campbell to
Kimora Lee Simmons wearing their stuff
on the runways for free everybody's
writing them up and I go wow these
people have everything that I had but
yet they're in an even better market so
this is a great investment so I go and
partner with Richie Rich and travel rain
what happens then well I start throwing
money at this and the fashion shows they
were getting for free or for 50,000
we're now half a million dollars because
everybody knew that I had the money and
what we realized is richie rich and
Trevor rain are excellent and amazing
costume designers high-fashion runway
designers but the business of everyday
clothes too form-fitting to a woman that
you mass-produced is not necessarily
their specialty and it took three years
and six million dollars and I realized
that we didn't have anything even though
we're great partners the business never
got to the level that I believe it
should have I just threw money at it I
hired a great staff around them we had
all the best fashion shows and I threw
money at it instead of me rolling up my
sleeves getting in there and working
with my partners and making sure that we
had the best product for the best
consumer at the time and that taught me
a valuable lesson that money does not
buy you anything it actually gives you a
false sense of security
