so now that you've spent a lot of this
money on getting your knife set whether
you start off with the one or two knives
or you've got the complete set there's a
couple things that I really want to talk
about carrying knives we get it a lot at
the school here people are asking how to
store my knives how to clean my knife so
pretty basic you're gonna want to kind
of have a drawer that's just for your
knives with a knife kind of liner I like
the ones that kind of hold your knifes
up upright we usually have cork or the
knife blocks are really good we're just
slides in you just want to avoid these
knives kind of hitting each other on the
blade like that no knife is really
dishwasher safe these knives whenever
you use a knife just kind of have it in
soapy water dry it and then put it back
like that so now that we've got knife
care as far as how to store and how to
clean the daily kind of care of your
knife should be more just using the
steel here so we've got a ceramic steel
here these are also available in steel
as the name would suggest and the kind
of simple technique with this is just
drawing the knife across the steel and
up around a 20 degree angle just a
couple times on either side and that'll
get that those birds aligned again and
your knife is ready to go once you get
to a point where using the steel doesn't
really help anymore
is where you have to switch to the more
high powered sharpening over here we
have a stone this is a whetstone these I
like to keep mining in water but if you
don't just make sure that you store it
in or have it in water until the bubbles
stop bubbling up and then it's
sufficiently wet enough that you can
start to sharpen your knife so just
adding a little bit more water on top
what we're gonna be doing is I'm going
to be working the knife blade along this
stone and just the kind of rule of thumb
is you should be able to fit two pennies
along the spine so just with simple
motions back and forth and what you're
going to being I'm really putting the
pressure on the forward and not so much
when it's coming back there so just at
full speed and then as I'm doing this
I'm moving my fingers down the blade so
I get the entire blade and I'm just kind
of counting in my head
just to make sure that I'm gonna get the
equal number on either side and then
back up the blade again like that and
then I'm gonna turn it over and repeat
with the other side you don't really
have to pull any of the residue that's
coming off this that'll help continue
polishing that knife you're also going
to start on a very rough stone and then
move to a smoother stone so you get that
knife nice polished and after we're done
just going giving it a bit of a wipe and
then just feeling that we've got all
those Birds back and just making sure
we're fine there and then giving it a
wash with that soapy water and storing
it before we use it again
