the Google Translate app has been around
for a while if you haven't gotten it yet
it's great for translating language
recently they incorporated the word
lends feature which translates live text
in your environment right on your screen
see with this new feature you can live
translate French German Italian
Portuguese Russian and everyone's
favorite Spanish it's a little jumpy
when the text moves but overall it works
very well according to this google video
their translation software uses a
process called statistical machine
translation which means it translates
based on patterns found in large amounts
of text but how did they get close to
matching the font and color to look like
the original text in the environment
yeah I don't know microchips are
something they're not going to give away
their secrets
the girls have how it works it does work
and it's very cool let's see how it
works in the wild hey not bad oh very
cool so that's what that says
the future is now oh yeah that makes
sense
say Lloyd Rieber choose your Twitter I
chose it yeah
