if Donald Trump's hair could cry that's
what it's tears would taste like I'm so
excited to try this very excited
terrified terrified is the word I would
use I follow the fat Jew I think he's so
funny I'm also a fan of the fat Jew
unless he plagiarized this wine as well
there was like an incident in the
Hamptons where they ran out of rose' and
that was the inspiration for it I
survived the great rose a shortage of
the Hamptons in 2014 I haven't been
hearing great things not expecting the
ligament I have really really low
expectations Cheers
oh my god it hurts
oh okay actually I kind of like that oh
this is terrible I don't hate it you
know like wine is wine what it's not
good it's like sour kind of full of sour
yeah now the longer it's lingering in my
mouth but worse it gets
I don't think my mouth to taste oh yeah
now I'm getting that sour thing that you
guys are saying I mean it tastes kind of
like a juice to me to be honest it does
he's a juice I would agree with that but
like juice that's gone bad juice that
has been in your fridge too long or that
like someone left open and it picked up
the taste of like something else that's
in your fridge like a pickle or
something it's real bad I'm just
reflecting
eighteen American dollars no I did not
know it was that expensive I don't think
this is worth $18 no you can get great
roses for $18 I could drink so many
better things for like $9 I try to keep
it around 10 to $15 inch $12 maybe 18 mm
it does strike me as something that
someone else might buy me as like a
funny joke they've decided to tell I
think it's like a fun kind of almost gag
gift if a friend had it I would drink it
it tastes good I just wouldn't buy it
for myself okay I'll have some more
