a lot of their credibility with the fact
that Jared lost all of this way during
the subway diet and a lot of Americans
look to that and they said oh that can
be me but now I'm Jared's credibility
has been shot about ten years ago
Americans cared about calories so
Americans went to Subway because they
wanted a low-calorie sub today you have
Americans thinking about where did my
food come from was it ethically sourced
how many ingredients are in this
Chipotle you know what's in their food
you know what's in the guac its avocados
you know it's chicken and because of
that they've managed to do really well
and it makes you feel better about what
you're putting in your body which is
definitely a part of the American health
craze right now knowing exactly what
you're eating instead of just knowing
how many calories you're consuming
Subway's bread contain chemicals found
in a yoga mat and even though that this
chemical isn't a huge deal customers
here yoga mat and they think I'm not
gonna eat there
some people might walk into Subway and
think you know what I'm counting
calories
I just want a cold-cut sandwich but most
people aren't going to think that they'd
rather have something that's whole and
natural they've stopped serving GMOs
which is you know makes them the first
restaurant chain to do that and they've
also stuck to their standards and offer
just a few simple ingredients it hasn't
evolved with the American consumer they
haven't changed their menu in over ten
years
Chipotle is addicting it's really good
you know what you're getting and you
know I'm never disappointed with
Chipotle if I come back to my office and
I sit down with Subway my co-workers are
gonna give me the side-eye you have to
be really careful with Chipotle because
if you get it all you could end up
having nearly a day's worth of calories
and you have to be prepared to be really
tired after you eat it
