I gotta tell you what you see is what
you get with that guy like what you see
from him on the apprentice he's not
acting that's who he is
and from my experiences with him in
person
that's his authentic self you know I
didn't have enough experience with him
to judge whether he's a nice guy or not
I was very well known to a niche there
are definitely a lot of poker
enthusiasts out there but I'm no John
River the thing that I think is actually
really interesting about what's
happening with Trump and actually also
by the way with ben Carson and Carly
Fiorina is that you've got these three
people who have never held a political
office they don't have any experience
and I think that it's an interesting
example of what's called the halo effect
which is a cognitive bias where people
are more likely to assume that somebody
is good at something if they're good at
another thing these are people who are
very accomplished in other areas that
don't have to do with politics have no
experience in politics but I think
because of the halo effect people assume
well they'd also be good at that despite
the fact that they don't really have
experience in politics I think partly
because of this halo effect
