I think it's interesting that you can
get pieces of my personality from the
intranet or at least there's an app that
thinks it knows me based on the Internet
so I sold my soul to Crystal and this is
what she thinks about me over looks
details and enjoys working with people
I'm really upset about thanks and though
it doesn't come naturally tries to keep
things organized in structured that
seems like an insult I don't like that I
actually sent this to my girlfriend and
she was like yes especially the last
part sometimes disregards existing
structures entirely ok there's
absolutely nothing inaccurate about that
let's go on right with short casual
language and abbreviations write three
sentences or less use data to prove a
point
state your purpose for the email and the
first sentence
grace will sometimes say things too
bluntly without realizing it which might
offend Monica I'm like so mean it means
we have a problem if it's the two of us
relating anything I cannot describe
myself better than this random Apted
which is slightly terrifying so this
thing has an 80% accuracy confidence I
think that's probably about right I feel
like it's like a horoscope thing where
everyone probably feels all of these
things to a certain extent and just if
you're reading it and you feel strongly
about it you'll say yes
