until recently most of us only saw
vertically shot videos out world stuff
but as apps like snapchat periscope and
meerkat crease in popularity vertical
video has become more and more popular
people have maligned vertical video for
years calling it the mark of an amateur
but mark my words I'm declaring that
vertical video is now the future and you
better get used to it
make a gif of that naysayers will all
tell you video was meant to be seen
horizontally why because movie screens
and TVs are shaped that way I quick
sidenote TVs were square for a very long
time but yes now your TV and monitor are
horizontal but about 50 million people
in the US now watch a video on their
mobile devices 15 percent of all online
video hours globally are viewed on
tablets and smartphones social Giants
snapchat gets a hundred million daily
users on its vertical native platform
and even Facebook and YouTube have
updated their mobile apps to support
vertical video we watch a lot of video
on devices shaped like this
some say videos should be horizontal
because our eyes and field of vision are
horizontal well unless you're holding
your phone up to your face like a maniac
your vertical video screen will fit into
your horizontal field of vision just
fine see look at that horizontal and
vertical doesn't matter turning your
phone horizontally to watch a video is
so difficult I know it's not the phones
are built to be held in one hand and
held vertically for commuting or spacing
out in meetings do you think that's BS
fine but snapchat has said that they've
seen a 9 times increase and views on
vertical versus horizontal video ads
translations tape ain't turnin seemingly
nothing good has been shot vertically
yet
maybe it's because there hasn't been an
incentive to make beautiful vertical
video but technology has evolved and
video now streams to our devices quicker
and at a higher quality the time is now
people if you think about it the
vertical layout has been around longer
than video fine works of art just about
every book and magazine and countless
revolutionary designs of the past 200
years
wouldn't it make more sense to apply
these core visual design principles to
vertical video in a new and exciting way
the only reason this hasn't been done is
because it hasn't been possible until
now by the way it's not going away
what do you think tweak the V i
underscore video and be sure to hashtag
it Joe these are my thoughts and how I
feel about the video you made and don't
wait do it now while you're still mad
not so far this way
