I met Donald Trump years ago at a party
he does have a sense of humor and he
does look you directly in the eye and
he's very he's very friendly it's very
friendly and very engaging I think
Donald Trump is definitely a family man
I think he's very you know very proud of
his kids and his kids are really
fabulous I mean I only really know
Ivanka but she's really lovely and it
clearly they've been very well brought
up and she's just a lovely lovely girl
and I know he's just very very involved
in this case and I was invited several
years back to be a judge for the Miss
Universe pageant and I think was in
Puerto Rico that year and so I was
invited to fly down on Donald Trump's
plane and bring French so I brought a
girlfriend with me and we flew down and
it was like great it was like a 727
living room but he was a very gracious
host and he made sure we were you know
well attended to and taken care of and I
remember I think he's really a guy's guy
because he was very busy watching a game
so he watched a game for most of the
flight to Puerto Rico
