a change could really you know could be
it's catastrophic it could but it could
also be great yeah some people work so
hard to get it absolutely right that
they don't have the bandwidth to do all
the other things that go into making a
business successful you can be so anal
about little details that you lose sight
of all a lot of the bigger things that
need to be accomplished I think in the
case of redress at that point in time
they got so caught up in wanting the
perfect website that they lost track of
some of the changes that were happening
in social media have you signed the deal
for it we have okay I think you've made
a huge mistake
if you're an entrepreneur you you you
start your company because you think you
could be successful and and I don't I
don't have a problem with that I'll tell
them what I think just like I did with
red dress I'll lay it out the way I
think it needs to be done no I'll bring
in the people in our organization that I
think are best suited to to answer
specific questions if I can you know
it's still their company as long as
their majority owner then it's their
decision to make will still be there
I mean still I'm still an investor nice
don't want them to succeed
