Putin himself he feels that he has been
disrespected his country has been
disrespected for many years principally
by the Americans whether it's NATO
enlargement or missile defense in
Eastern Europe or now Ukraine and on
Ukraine he stood up and he said that
said I'm not going to take this anymore
and I'm gonna intervene I'm gonna annex
Crimea and I might not admit it but in
reality I'm gonna kind of invade
Southeast Ukraine and that policy of
standing up to the Americans is probably
the single most popular thing he has
done domestically since he became
president in 2000 his approval ratings
were 85% and you know not only in spite
of US sanctions in some reasons because
of US sanctions we do not actually have
the ability to isolate the Russians we
don't have the international support
they're too big and Putin himself is
entirely too popular and I'm not trying
to say that you know because Putin's a
good guy putting his liddie bed man we
know this right but but Putin has the
popularity of his country behind him and
he also has some facts that the
Americans haven't always played you know
sort of completely on the up and up with
with Russia that's not because we're
mean-spirited but we're not consistent
we're not coherent and we're a little
arrogant a narcissistic and we look at a
country like Russia I'm like well they
can't hurt us
you know Russia's Russia is in decline
right they're not enormous ly powerful
as a country but the Putin himself as an
individual as one person is probably the
most powerful individual living on the
planet today
he's consolidated so much of his
country's power in his own hands and so
I mean if we're going after him if we're
saying you know what Putin if you don't
do we want to punish you you think he's
just gonna sit there you think he's not
gonna use his cyber capabilities against
us in ways that will hurt has anyone
thought about that and it's very
apparent to anyone that looks at the
world that Putin is not being isolated
that he's developing a much stronger
relationship a strategic relationship
with China soon to be the world's
largest economy
you cannot tell me that that policy is
one that is helping to bolster America's
foreign policy so what you have is a
situation where America is the only
superpower in the world and no one is
even close to our capabilities
militarily and diplomatically
technologically resource and all that
sort of thing
and yet our foreign policy is in decline
we have refused to actually make a
choice of what American foreign policy
should be and this has been true since
the Soviet Union collapsed but it's
gotten worse
