Victoria's Secret is extremely popular
it's definitely the number one lingerie
brand but they do have a great product
they're great at you know making bras
and panties appealing and comfortable
and Fikri but nowadays I don't know any
of my friends who love Victoria's Secret
or will go out of their way to buy a bra
from there they've kind of been under
fire lately because Victoria's Secret
does not offer plus sizes I mean you
think about the average woman in in the
US that's that woman is a size 14 so a
lot of women feel it's ridiculous that
they can't find their size you know the
biggest lingerie retailer in the world
the models that are you know working
with Victoria's Secret the ones we see
on the runway in the Victoria's Secret
Fashion Show they're size zero and two
and I mean that's just that that doesn't
make sense to the to the average
American consumer and women are starting
to resent the Victoria's Secret is
telling them how to look I think when
the average person thinks about
Victoria's Secret they think of the
Angels they think of these stick thin
models with big breasts who are
beautiful and I don't think that the
average woman sees themself that way
women today won a more complex story
it's something out of the 90s and they
need to get into the new millennium at
least one in four women maybe even more
like one in three that are plus-size so
that's millions and millions of women
who are excluded right now by Victoria's
Secret
