one of the things that I think is a
great thing to look at is personality
kind of early 20s and even more so once
you hit your early thirties personality
traits are very stable across the
lifespan and personality traits are also
strongly predictive of marital
satisfaction and marital stability if I
were choosing a partner based on traits
and there's dozens of personality traits
I would say emotional stability is the
number one things choosing and that
might sound like common sense it's a
very powerful variable someone who's
moody have negatively oriented towards
the world of course that doesn't make
for a great relationship partner when it
comes to marital stability and people
who are neurotic or married someone
who's neurotic they don't last as long
which is probably no surprise
I think another trait that's great is is
kindness or what psychologists call
agreeableness and it's easy to overlook
people who are nice and in fact
sometimes the nice guy or the nice gal
they get a bad rap in dating if people
say hey I thought your apartment was
nice it's almost looked at as an insult
sometimes like oh well that's it I would
say that's actually great because it's
one of the strong predictors
relationship satisfaction stability
partners who are kind they care more
about your perspective they're more
likely to understand your perspective
they're going to approach the
relationship not as a zero-sum game of I
give one you give me one we'll just
trust that they can give freely and that
in the long run you'll give equally back
