when is your cooking a prime rib and the
smells coming out of the oven your smell
away it's like you know what's in that
oven and then when you open the door you
see it all nice and roasted and
everything you know you're going to have
a good meal so here we have our primal
109 and a 109 is just a cleaned out oven
ready rib roast you go to a butcher you
can ask for an oven ready rib roast we
get 30 pound pieces of meat here at
Smith's I don't want to go any less than
eight pounds is then it's just too small
the first step is we're going to trim
this up a little bit so you can season
the meat this piece of fat we just cut
off we're going to put that in our pan
what it does it just creates a little
bit buffer from the bottom of the pan
helps prevent not sticking and then this
last flap of fact we just peel back here
you want to expose all this meat you
don't want to season the outside the
seasoning is going to not penetrate the
meat since how big a piece of meat this
is you don't have to be shy with your
salt and then this is just really coarse
cracked black pepper fold this back up
and then we have to do is trim off the
outsides since we expose that and you
want to season everything put a little
bit of salt a little bit of pepper on
both the end cuts we're going to take
our rest of our 109 rib roast we're
going to put it in the pan ready to go
the next thing we do is we add some
water and that helps with the rendering
of the fat helps keeping everything
moist we have our oven ready to go 375
degrees and we're going to roast this
for three three-and-a-half hours
all right so our prime rib let's come
out of the oven so obviously the ends
will be more of a ton more cooked medium
to medium well and then the center when
you take it out is more your rare medium
rare if you know you like your meat more
medium to well done you can leave it in
longer we're going to take it we're
going to put it on our cutting board to
trim it up and portion it if you got a
cutting board nice cutting board with
the troughs on the side they collect all
the juice that's good what we have to do
now is trim it all up make it look nice
first part is when you take out this fat
that's covering the bones don't get rid
of these you can cut that up and snack
on it next we're going to take off this
cap here that was covering this piece of
meat this is got a really good piece of
meat in here you like sandwiches or
anything I'm going to turn it over and
we're just going to trim off this back
here then we're just going to clean up
this front part here by pulling back a
little this fat and cutting it off you
feel to touch obviously this is your
medium-rare go out here you see does it
go in as much that's your medium well
well-done end cuts and then we're ready
to slice and serve this we'll start with
the end cut you go straight down and
then once you feel the bone then you got
to play with a little bit and then go
follow the bone down and then we have
our end cut alright so then I'll show
you less cooked medium rare and medium
piece and you just got to follow the
bone around
and there's a one of our regular cuts
you
