well first of all I'm told that there
are six Star Wars movies I only
recognize that there are two Star Wars
the new hope and Empire Strikes Back
I mean Empire Strikes Back is without a
doubt the best made of all the six Star
Wars movies
my favorite Star Wars scene in all of
the movies is actually one of my
favorite scenes in any science fiction
movie and it's the opening battle on
Hoth in Empire Strikes Back with the
Imperial walkers and Luke and the snow
speeder is using the cables to trip up
the walkers and you know animated by the
great Phil Tippett effects directed by
the incomparable Dennis Muren that is
still it is still one of the all-time
great effects sequences it's one of the
all-time great action sequences full
stop let alone special effects or
anything I mean it's right up there with
with any other movie you wanna you want
to talk about and it's from 1980 that's
amazing
I mean actually a lot of filmmakers
should hide their head in the sand that
we can't make another sequence as good
as that I worked on episodes 1 & 2 okay
sorry about that
in episodes 1 & 2 there are a couple of
things that if you look I can say I am
largely responsible for that on Episode
one I got to work with a great longtime
model maker named Larry tan on what's
called the Numidian shuttle it's when
Newt and rune D the two terrible
diplomats land on Naboo they land in
this spider type ship and I was able to
build the entire interior of the loading
bay and then paint the ship and then
light it and rig it on set so that was
my first job on Star Wars and I've been
wanting to work on Star Wars since I was
11 so it was great to work on an actual
spaceship in Episode two a good portion
of the action in the beginning of the
movie takes place in pod Mays apartment
on top of this building and I and my
good friend Fon Davis ran that job of
building the outside of pod mace
apartment building we built this model
that was about five feet tall with an
incredible amount of detail we built the
entire interior of the apartment as well
so that motion control contract between
the digital the long shots and the
close-up shots and you were seeing the
outside of the building whenever they
wanted to I have really high hopes for
seven eight and nine I think that JJ
Abrams is a brilliant
choice to direct episode seven he showed
just the most incredible degree of
brilliance in rebooting the Star Trek
franchise in casting in the plotting
everything
the ship's dead sucker she's good and
from what I hear about the new Star Wars
movie that he's going mostly to
practical effects that he's brought back
Harrison Ford Carrie Fisher Peter Mayhew
as Chewbacca Anthony Daniels that means
brought back this old cast that we are
used to we're going clearly 30 40 years
into the future
after Episode six
that's exactly where we should be going
