hi I'm Neil deGrasse Tyson I'm an
astrophysicist with the American Museum
of Natural History and I'm host of star
talk radio welcome back to star talk
radio and it's fighting all these air
molecules like what's up with that we
win
what's the nerdiest thing I ever did I
once wrote down every single number that
I remembered every single number that
had meaning so I wrote down hi to all
the digits that I knew I happen to don't
tell anybody but it happened to know the
fifth root of 100 to 12 decimal places
okay don't tell anybody that because
that's just too weird so zip codes I'd
remembered for people who lived in those
zip codes phone numbers back when we
used to have to remember a phone number
so it filled two sides of a sheet of
paper I probably still have that sheet
of paper every number that I remember
and I looked at I said why did I do that
another thing I did once is I spent what
amounted to somewhere between 30 and 50
hours solving the Rubik's Cube for the
first time why would I do that you know
for going personal hygiene and food and
I was in graduate school at the time for
going studying for my next midterm exams
that's what I did but I also in high
school I I was by wrestled I was Captain
of my wrestling team and to be geek and
be a wrestler you know every kid surely
every boy I don't know if it says common
with girls but boys were exposed to
comics and stories at some point in our
lives we want to be a superhero
Dease is like career options for us
below a certain age and I imagined
because I knew how to wrestle at like
self-defense and all this that I could
be geek man and I would fly around the
world protecting geeks from the bullies
out there from the football quarterback
and all the ones who would give us
wedgies and the ones who would make fun
of us and call us four eyes and I would
be the defender of the geek honor and
that was at a time before geeks were
were cherished in society nowadays
everybody needs a geek with an arms
reached because they need them to fix
their computer right slew the geek
culture has risen up as is manifest by
the number of attendees at comic-con an
uncountable number of hundreds of
thousands of people descend on comic-con
and it is quite the celebration of that
community
so I'm card-carrying just backup when I
pull out my my geek card because I'm
there with you
