the WWE is a big business the company is
worth upwards of a billion dollars the
WWE Network just hit the milestone of 1
million subscribers and it consistently
generates top worldwide trending topics
on social media but there's still a
large section of society that wants
nothing to do with the WWE
some people even look down on the people
that enjoy it and one of the most common
reasons for people's disdain towards the
WWE is that it's fake and for all those
people I've got two words for you you're
smart but probably not as smart as you
think yes the results of the wrestling
matches are indeed predetermined by
Vince McMahon and his staff of writers
and producers who are based in this
glass layer in Stamford Connecticut but
what you might not realize is that a
huge chunk of WWE fans are completely
aware that it isn't real in fact the
industry has a word for what isn't
actually real kayfabe the word describes
something that appears to be real or is
presented to look that way but it's
actually scripted or booked as it's
referred to in the business and the
people behind the business have begun to
embrace the awareness of kayfabe Vince
McMahon now allows his performers to do
interviews out of character and McMahon
himself even broke kayfabe in a recent
interview with Stone Cold Steve Austin
as did Triple H is currently a working
performer and an executive
vice-president at WWE
generally speaking the WWE fan base is
made up of two types of fans the first
group is called marks these are the
people most of the children who actually
believe that the performers are angry at
each other and want to settle their
differences by doing these types of
things to each other the second group of
fans is referred to as smart marks or
smarts these are fans that are aware
it's not real but enjoy the product
nonetheless and enjoy following the
action in the storylines and that's a
big part of what makes the WWE a
compelling product the stories the WWE
is theater theater that features amazing
showcases of strength acrobatics and
agility and while the results of the
matches
our plan the performers still take huge
physical risks most WWE fans know that
it's not real just like the people that
watch homeland know that it isn't real
so don't be a snob and thumb your nose
at the WWE that just makes you a jabroni
