we're going do you know anything about a
secret menu at McDonald's sugar menu
yeah
for years I've read about a mythical
secret menu at McDonald's people claim
you could order anything from a root
beer float
to amic gangbang but I've never seen
anyone ordered this stuff in real life
so I went to McDonald's to see if the
secret menu is indeed a real thing Plan
C an air burger do you guys make that
really
with the Lancia air burger about the
Monster Mash it's like the Big Mac moves
like a thief patties out of them
we can try making it not it is a big
chicken if they ate beef patty right hey
that's a tea
right in the middle yeah it took this
McDonald's just seven minutes to make
three crazy items that they've never
even heard of the next step
naturally was to bring these back to the
office to see what all the buzz is about
I don't want to eat this one a lot of
people on the internet called this the
Nick gangbang
it's a McDouble
with a McChicken stuck right in the
middle of it it's no taste
this is a very popular secret menu item
and it tastes fine but I don't really
see myself ordering this again
all right around to this guy so this
looks like the land sea and air burger
it's got God knows what it's got a
McChicken patty a fish fillet inside of
a Big Mac Strasse d so it's basically
Big Mac and McChicken and a fish fillet
kind of afraid God mmm
no this is too much I can't like who
would order this thing seriously don't
try this at home we got more now the
moment that I have been dreading all day
the monster Mac the monster Mac here is
a Big Mac with 8 beef patties and 8
slices of cheese
I don't feel well now I want to put this
down although the monster Mac the land
sea and air burger and the Magan bang
aren't very good we found out that the
secret menu does exist sort of
McDonald's employees might not know
about it but if you ask nicely enough
you can pretty much order whatever you
want
as long as you're willing to pay the
price
