remember when your parents told you to
stop cracking your knuckles
you'll get arthritis they'd say
unfortunately for them there's no signs
to back that up but what makes that
sound in the first place to explain the
most widely accepted theory we have to
take a journey inside your joints this
is a joint two bones protected by
cartilage held together by connective
tissues and ligaments between the two
bones is where the joint capsule lives
and inside it the key to cracking
synovial fluid packed with dissolved
gases the reason this stuff is there is
to reduce friction between the cartilage
of the two bones when you stretch out
the joints in your fingers you stretch
out the joint capsule creating gas
bubbles in the synovial fluid that
process is called cavitation keep on
stretching and you get that crack which
is actually these little gas bubbles
popping as gas rushes out of the fluid
it's true there's no scientific evidence
to back up a link to arthritis but it
has shown other negative effects such as
soft tissue damage and a tougher time
gripping objects so in the end as cool
as it may make you look you're probably
better off leaving your joints the way
they are and sparing them a good crack
