when it comes to football I prefer
college football over the NFL I'm a
die-hard Alabama fan and some have
argued that Alabama is basically an
nfl-caliber team but that's a different
story ro Todd but everybody loves the
NFL last year's Super Bowl ranks is the
most-watched television broadcast of all
time with a hundred and 11.5 million
viewers then there's the fantasy
football Crais which keeps 33 million
people glued to their phones every week
but my big problem with the NFL is the
fact that I can only watch five or six
of the 16 games that are played every
week this is due to the league's
complicated and highly lucrative deals
it has with a handful of broadcast
networks and cable companies you're
probably thinking just get DIRECTV which
has sunday ticket where you can watch
all the games I would if I could but my
apartment building here in New York
isn't compatible with directv and even
if it was I think it's pretty lame that
DirecTV reportedly doesn't even work
when it's raining but directv just
extended its deal with the NFL to be the
exclusive provider for all of the NFL's
out-of-market Sunday games for the next
eight years DirecTV will pay the NFL
about 1.5 billion dollars a year for
this but there are only around 20
million people who even get DIRECTV the
rest of you NFL fans out there at the
mercy of the market you live in fox and
CBS each pay around 1 billion dollars a
year to broadcast NFL games to the
various regions of the u.s. on Sunday
afternoons meaning if you live in New
York and the giants or jets are playing
you can only watch those teams
regardless of whether or not there are
better games on at the same time I could
subscribe to DIRECTV's digital version
of the sunday ticket which means for
three hundred and thirty dollars a year
I can stream all the NFL games on my
computer or mobile device and if I want
to watch the games on my massive 42-inch
flat-screen the way God intended I would
have to Jimmy ring it by connecting my
computer to my TV with an HDMI cable and
then for audio I'd have to get an aux
cable and connect that to my bose
speaker and the strength of the
reception depends on my time warner
cable internet signal so let me put it
this way there's gonna be some buffer
unless it happens to be one of the
standalone games on sunday monday or
thursday nights if i want to go watch
Johnny football carry the clipboard on a
Sunday afternoon I have to go to a bar
and risk some Cleveland Browns fans
going there yingling all over me not
ideal so let's stick with college
football for a second this weekend for
example 15 of the 16 games featuring top
25 ranked teams will be broadcast on
either a network or basic cable channel
there's no doubt about it the current
college football TV deals cater to more
people as for the NFL for the next eight
years your only option for access to all
the games is direct TV or there's always
that Cleveland Browns bar as for me I
think I'm just going to stick with the
tide
or also grab one of those $10 digital
antennas the major networks broadcast
their signal in HD and you can pick it
up bring it all home and plug it in
