this is the intersection of Wall Street
and broad in lower Manhattan every day
thousands of tourists walk down the
cobblestone streets to get a glimpse of
the New York Stock Exchange or to get
their picture taken with the statue of
George Washington but few realize that
nearly a century ago one of the most
violent acts of terrorism in the history
of the United States occurred in this
exact spot at noon on Thursday September
16th 1920 a horse-drawn wagon loaded
with 100 pounds of dynamite pulled up
along the north side of the JP Morgan
headquarters moments later the wagon
exploded into the unassuming crowd the
dynamite had been packed with 500 pounds
of cast iron slugs creating a deadly
spray of scalding shrapnel 38 people
died hundreds more were injured the
attack on Wall Street would be known as
the deadliest terrorist attack on
American soil until the Oklahoma City
bombing in 1995 the next day the Bureau
of Investigation announced they'd found
flyers signed by the American anarchist
fighters the message promised deadly
retaliation if certain political
prisoners were not released the
prisoners in question were believed to
be these men Bartolomeo Vanzetti and
Nicola Sacco both known Italian
anarchists who earlier that year had
been arrested for murder during an armed
robbery in Massachusetts an
investigation began but three years
later it was closed no one was ever
charged some historians believe Mario
Buda a close associate of Sacco and
Vanzetti may have planted the bomb
Buddha was in New York the day of the
bombing
but sailed to Italy days later where he
remained until his death in 1963 the
case remains unsolved the location of
the attacks suggests a central target
was the JP Morgan bank and the captains
of finance who worked inside in that
regard it failed the victims were mostly
working-class New Yorkers clerks
messengers women and even children but
acts of heroism prevailed
after being mildly injured by the blast
a 17 year old office boy from Brooklyn
stole a parked car and drove more than
he wounded people to a nearby hospital
making four trips in all before
returning the vehicle to the police
today physical evidence of the attacks
destruction still exists on Wall Street
pockmarks caused by the flying shrapnel
pepper the north side of the JP Morgan
building the company refused to have
them repaired as an act of defiance
against the terrorists the deadly attack
may be largely forgotten but its legacy
remains frozen in the shadow of the New
York Stock Exchange
a very bad day an asteroid more than six
miles wide smashed into the earth and
wiped out almost all life on the
