hi I'm Neil deGrasse Tyson I'm an
astrophysicist with the American Museum
of Natural History and I'm host of star
talk radio welcome back to star talk
radio and it's fighting all these air
molecules like what's up with that we
win astrophysicist if you ask the
question how would human life do on the
various planets so let's do a lightning
ready but let's start in the middle of
the solar system let's start with the
Sun you would vaporize all right so
that's that's really fast right there
not a good place to visit although I'm
told if you go at night it's old
astronomy joke first planet out mercury
the side that faces the Sun is very hot
there's another side that does not face
the Sun that's really cold so if you
straddle that zone it'd be like and you
rotated like in a rotisserie chicken
then you would have variously cold and
warm sides of you you might be able to
get just the right temperature you would
survive as long as it you could hold
your breath a few minutes next out Venus
900 degrees Fahrenheit it is hotter than
a pizza oven that's hot
oh by the way on Venus has about the
same gravity as Earth so you'd be very
familiar walking around until you
vaporized
next one earth you don't have to hold
your breath there and you're good for 80
years what's next
Mars Mars is very cold but the air is
very thin so the intensity of the cold
will not be as biting as it might
otherwise feel at that temperature on
earth it's hundreds of degrees below
zero but if you put on some insulating
clothing you could walk around holding
your breath after Mars you have the
asteroid belt if you ran too hard you'd
go into orbit so you can't play games on
asteroids it doesn't work gravity's too
low after asteroids you get to Jupiter
no surface to land on you will descend
forever into the gaseous atmosphere
until you're crushed by the pressure of
the planets layers next is Saturn same
answer
you'll descend down to the center you'll
be crushed by the atmosphere as the
atmospheric pressure continue to grow
Saturn's rings which looks like really
solid objects I mean I have you know
model of Saturn behind me look you can
like walk around on it on the real
Saturn its particles frozen water
possibly ammonia rock and it forms a
ring because the what we call the
gravitational dynamics favors a ring
under those conditions in fact as many
rings the a ring to be ring the C ring
the D ring and so it's very thin and you
can't just walk around on it and you're
in a setup tuned also gas planets yeah
so no forget about it stay here on earth
we you can live the longest on earth
sixty-five million years ago the
dinosaurs had a very bad day
