sixty-five million years ago the
dinosaurs had a very bad day
an asteroid more than six miles wide
smashed into the earth and wiped out
almost all life on the planet could it
happen to us the answer is yes
asteroids are simply chunks of rock
loosely held together or solid metal
they usually live in the asteroid belt
between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter
sometimes an asteroids orbit changes and
that's when earth gets in the way small
rocks enter the Earth's atmosphere all
the time but most are too small and they
streak through the atmosphere as meteors
or blow up so what would it take to
destroy a city like New York an asteroid
the size of three football fields
traveling about ten miles per second
should about do it
the atmosphere has no chance against
asteroids that big the rock zooms lower
and lower about 50 times the speed of
sound this one is so big it'll make it
all the way to the ground it'll crush
everything in its path the crater
stretching from about Central Park down
to deep into Brooklyn throwing pieces
out of the crater for tens of miles
every steel building would come
crumbling to the ground from Westchester
down through out suburban New Jersey and
in all of Brooklyn and Queens and the
heat has the potential to set people's
clothing on fire in Long Island and give
people in Connecticut first-degree burns
NASA is working hard to find ways to
push killer asteroids off course but
first they have to find them and even
though they're getting better at that
they still can't see every possible
threat before it comes to earth
about one out of every five people is a
target mosquitos want your blood
