32 million Americans hit the grocery
store everyday that's one out of every
seven people the average person goes
more than one and a half times a week so
chances are you look at it as pretty
routine and with that very mindset
supermarkets have you right where they
want you we did the research and found
that these places are set up to tap into
your instincts and get you to buy
exactly what they want you to buy and it
begins with that first whiff the first
thing you're likely to see and smell in
a grocery store are the bakery and
flower sections smell has a huge impact
on your intent to buy it works quicker
than the other senses smells immediately
connect with that part of your brain
that triggers emotions it's all part of
what stores call olfactory marketing
having this stuff in the front makes you
happy and gets you in the mood to
gleefully spend some cash the aisles of
stores are organized in that race track
up and down format on purpose studies
show that we're hardwired to go up and
down each aisle in succession like rats
in a maze following the path the store
wants us to without even thinking about
it where items are placed on these
aisles is also no coincidence stores
call them planograms the most popular of
these planograms I level is by level for
example when you're cruising down the
cereal aisle bulk cereal is down at the
bottom help these stuff on top and the
pricey brand-name cereal is right there
at eye level where it's easy to see
examine and toss in your cart and
supermarkets make Bank here cereal has
an average markup of 44% the eye level
rule goes for kids - their eye level is
jam-packed with sugary cereal easy Mac
and other kids stuff milk eggs and other
essentials are tucked away in the back
of the store that makes you go through
the entire place to get to them and once
you do get there it's not cheap milk is
marked up 55 percent and eggs 67 percent
and if you were hoping to visit the
supermarket just to get the essentials
don't hold your breath these staples
eggs bread milk they're spread out on
the stores remote corners it's just
another way grocery store
get you to spend lots of time within
their walls and see as much expensive
stuff as possible you might want to buy
so the next time you embark on your
routine weekly shopping trip go against
your instincts go in with a list and
plan and stick to it
comb every shelf an aisle to find what
you want know your store and where to
find what you need and avoid tempting
add-on items at check out like candy
chapstick and batteries maybe this time
you can fool them
you
