most people book their flights based on
the airline with the lowest fare but
these days that is only part of the
equation so much of what you pay comes
after you buy the ticket before deciding
which airline has the best overall deal
you need to add on how much you expect
to pay in extra fees if you check a bag
it's free on JetBlue and Southwest but
will cost you $25 on American Delta and
United getting a less than terrible seat
has become very difficult and can cost
you big bucks I shop for a flight from
New York to LA for 4th of July event to
see how much a decent seat Hasmukh on
Southwest you pick your seats based on
the order you check in or you can
guarantee a spot toward the front of the
line for 1250 JetBlue offers even more
space seats for $80 United has Economy
Plus days $4.99 and Delta has Economy
Comfort for $90 American has the fewest
available complimentary seats upgraded
seats cost 66 to $86 if we add up these
fees the cost for a better seat and one
check bag to the flight there and back
is almost two hundred and fifty dollars
for Delta and United these airline
extras add up for you and for the
airlines take a look at the percent of
revenue airlines make from other revenue
this includes more than just extra fees
but paints a similar picture bottom line
when it comes to additional fees
Southwest of the best if they fly where
and when you want to go and you don't
mind the seating free for all Delta and
United will cost you the most in add-ons
American is right behind them but with
fewer complimentary seats available
maybe an even worse deal
