you know he always seems to save the day
at the end he always knows what's going
on I think a lot of times the other
characters in the movie didn't give them
as much credit as he as he deserved my
name is Jamie McShann by trade I'm a
senior web developer for a medical
device company and I like to build
robots started working on it in 2008 and
took me about two years since then I've
been taking them all around to different
Comic Cons he's been on stage with Weird
Al Yankovic twice we do visits with
children at children's hospitals it's
not necessarily a cheap hobby but every
bit of it was worth it I'm a member of
an r2d2 builder's club
it's an international group of builders
on the internet the dome here is an
aluminum spun dome and then it's
laser-cut now that takes a multi-million
dollar piece of equipment to do
something like that
we would say okay we got 50 builders who
wants to go in and get a dome we would
order domes
he's mad out of wood on his legs the
motors and wheels actually come out of
little kids scooters he's basically a
remote-control prop the dome is
articulated utility arm we can have him
do a little dance you know my son loves
them my daughter thinks we're kind of
nerdy but I think this last weekend when
she had some friends over and they were
all like mesmerized by r2 I think it
kind of proved her maybe dad's not so
bad
