hi I'm Neil deGrasse Tyson I'm an
astrophysicist with the American Museum
of Natural History and I'm host of star
talk radio welcome back to star talk
radio and it's fighting all these air
molecules like what's up with that we
win astrophysicist
so Pluto lost its planet hood in a
controversial vote some years ago 2006
last I checked there are some people who
are still upset about Pluto's demotion
from the ranks of Planet to dwarf planet
and I've thought long and hard and tried
to account for all their motions that
they might be feeling and my
sensitivities towards them and I owe my
reply is get over it it's done alright
just get over it get on to other things
Pluto had it coming Pluto is small it's
smaller than Earth's moon that Earth
moon is five times the mass of Pluto did
you know that I don't think so another
measure of how small it is if Neptune
were a Chevy Impala you can ask what
size car would Pluto be might it be a
Prius
nope smaller than that how about a Mini
Cooper smaller than that would it be
about the size of a smart car good guess
but still wrong you know big Pluto would
be if Neptune were the size of a Chevy
Impala it'd be the size of a matchbox
car sitting on the curb this is not a
matchbox er I don't have one I only have
a beat about this size put it there
there's Pluto now you understand how
tiny it is not only that Pluto's made
mostly of ice more than half of its
volume is ice which means if you brought
Pluto to where earth is right now heat
from the Sun would sublimate the ice and
it would grow a tail that's no kind of
behavior for a planet planets don't have
tails we have words for objects with
tails they call comets puto is my
favorite comic oh oh yellow oh yeah a
Pluto is happier now it's one of the
largest of the dwarf planets in the
Kuiper belt of icy bodies beyond Neptune
a new swath of real estate discovered of
which Pluto
the first member discovered 1930 the
next one was discovered 1995 so Pluto
had a 65 year run being grandfathered
into the planet status because we didn't
know what else to call it until we found
it it's other I see brethren out there
and so I think Pluto is happier there to
being the big the big I see body in a in
a small pond rather than the puniest
planet so Pluto's cool with it
you should be too
