this facility has the capacity to
process about a thousand tons a day
which is the largest of its kind in
terms of what we do
meaning handl handling residential
bottles and cans commingled metal metal
glass of plastic largest facility of
that type in the country if not the
world
New Yorkers put a broader array of
materials in their recycling program
then in most curbside recycling programs
we get everything from Christmas trees
to bowling balls and things like that so
what we're trying to do is obviously
automated as much as possible we pull in
a lot of components that are really from
construction demolition waste processing
and the scrap metal business so that we
can handle the city of material so we
have a slow-speed shredder well as
ballistic separators which again would
not be typical it's inevitable that
there is going to be some manual
component certain materials require
manual quality control step because the
machinery is not perfect try to limit
that but use it where we have to for
quality purposes primarily we have 850
feet of dock for barging in material as
well as barging out material we have
rail siding and obviously truck access
we sell to customers all around the
world they're mostly in North America
our plastic customers are mostly down
south steel customers are you know in
Pennsylvania and Ohio if we do the do
our job right we assemble the equipment
in a way that we can have very high
throughput have high quality products at
the end and do that with minimal
operating costs aside from commodity
markets and you know participation rates
at the household level you know that's
the key to our profitability
