now we're going to talk a little bit
about the current one dollar bill the
one that we're familiar with that we
carry our wallets we have this this is
the San Francisco seal for San Francisco
fed and the L is the 12th letter in the
alphabet the San Francisco fed is the
12th bank in the system there's another
seal on here which is the seal of the
Treasury there's a shield and this
Chevron has the original 13 stars of 13
colonies these scales represent justice
the key obviously a long-standing
element of the Treasury seals get over
the security associated with T with the
Department these fights around the
Treasury seal there are 50 of them
representing one for each stake so now
I'm talking about the math the most
prominent feature is the Great Seal of
the United States and a committee
consisting of Samuel Adams Thomas
Jefferson and then Franklin was
appointed three committees later and six
years later a design for the seal was
submitted and a probe is separated and
just the pyramid alone is interesting
because you have at the base of the
pyramid the Roman goals for 1776 Kanodia
metre independence and then you have 13
layers to this pyramid before ends the
message here was that this was an
incomplete pyramid and had
we go the floating line here is
variously interpreted some people see to
work with Freemasons in it
some people just see this as the finite
providence it's a debate for the ages i
do it
sadness and translates literally to
penis favor or undertakings
no the support of socorro that can be
translated to the new order of the ages
that we'll talk a little bit about this
side of the Great Seal the shield has
got 13 stripes on it there's 13 arrows
there are opportunities there are the 13
stars floating above the eagle once
again a reference to the 13 colonies and
then easy for with spoon we are one held
in the
