here's a problem I run into a lot I want
to stream a movie on Netflix let's say
Close Encounters of the Third Kind but
it's not available at least not on the
US version of Netflix international
versions of Netflix have a much wider
selection so how can I access those
titles that's where the application ol√°
comes in your sound works
first go to Ola org click the download
button and install the application then
you'll notice a little icon that looks
like a smiley face and a fireball that
appears in your browser now log back on
the Netflix everything looks the same
now click the Ola icon and change over
to a different country
let's try hireling once it switches over
try your search again and there you have
it access to hundreds of titles that
aren't available in the US version of
Netflix
