these are the homes that people talk
about for a dollar you can buy those for
one dollar just someone in there they
just break in still anything valuable
that they can get plumbing hot water
tank furnace these are the ones you
would go directly to the city or find
the owner and give them a buck take over
the headache that they once had itself
so the one dollar home thing it's not
impossible and it's not unheard of but
it's a lot more complex than just dollar
homes that's on the market the homes
that you see online that are in the $1
to $5 to $100 range you have to be very
careful with those because they may be
in often they're in a neighborhood
that's been pretty blighted they look
from the outside to look okay but the
inside they've been gutted this home
here they stripped the aluminum siding
off of it for scrap metal the cities are
selling those homes for a dollar so they
can generate tax revenue for that
property so the incentive for the
homeowner is to buy it for a really low
cost the city benefit is to put it back
on the tax roll and to generate tax
money from it and the tax base there
typically is a little higher too so you
might be buying a home for $5,000
but it's still being assessed at a sixty
thousand dollar home so your so your
taxes are pretty high and carrying that
house might be two or three thousand
dollars yeah this is actually the
property that we were coming to see the
one that says stay out you will be shot
there's a property on the market for
$800 properties like this people will
move into them and secure it actually
have the home become theirs through
legal matters and whatever the ones that
has no windows obviously you can look
right through it and tell that's
nobody's in there on the other side of
the door waiting for you to come in or
not but you kind of can come in at your
own risk
it would take a developer to buy it or
to purchase that whole neighborhood
including plans to have stores shops
grocery stores a whole community would
have to be built around that
neighborhood for in my opinion to be
able to come back and to thrive it's
just too far gone to be able to do one
property or you know single properties
but this is only a neighborhood this is
not Detroit this is a neighborhood
inside Detroit that's in this shape the
whole city is not like this
