hi I'm Neil deGrasse Tyson I'm an
astrophysicist with the American Museum
of Natural History and I'm host of star
talk radio welcome back to star talk
radio and it's fighting all these air
molecules like what's up with that we
win the day we get into the genome I
have a list of things I want to change
about the human species you ready
why don't we regenerate limbs the way
newts do and salamanders I'm asking for
much here it already expresses itself in
the animal kingdom so we have amputees
where nothing happens it stops you're
done so I would go in there find out
what's in salamander DNA figure out how
to get it in human DNA how about that
I would I would improve our eyesight we
have much better capacity to see than
what is actually expressed in our
eyeballs I would take away the the gene
for Bo you could have fun with this list
but yeah we could I don't see why we
won't be affecting the trajectory of our
own evolution but you want to be wise
about it you need a tandem sort of moral
code to go along with it and social
cultural moral code here's a tricky one
that I worry about everybody wants to
live longer and I don't know what that
means to live longer suppose you could
live 10,000 years then what's your urge
to get out of bed the next morning
there's no time pressure on you to
achieve to accomplish to love when you
give flowers to a loved one on a special
occasion are they made of plastic so
that they live forever
no they're made of flower petals but
there's a pistol there's a stamen there
is a stalk and that will all die and
it's the fact that it dies that empowers
our emotions
to appreciate it that much more so the
finiteness of life forces me to
appreciate every sunrise that I wake up
every day and if I live forever I don't
know that I would have those emotions or
those feelings or that sense that the
day awaits my energy and by the way
there's a practical problem if everyone
lives forever
had that been around since the beginning
there'd be 100 billion people in the
world so you need room to put everybody
who does not die I just think this
through just think about it
