hi I'm Neil deGrasse Tyson I'm an
astrophysicist with the American Museum
of Natural History and I'm host of star
talk radio welcome back to star talk
radio and it's fighting all these air
molecules like what's up with that we
win astrophysicist dark matter I get
asked what it is and my best answer is
we haven't a clue we don't know what it
is we look out in the universe and 85%
of all the gravity that's out there has
some mysterious unknown source we add up
all the stars the galaxies the planets
the comets the black holes the dark
clouds everything out there that we can
see touch smell or taste and it doesn't
add up
to give us the gravity that we see
operating in this universe so really we
should be calling it the dark force
because we don't know if it's made of
matter it could be a profound misnomer
sending people off and thought
directions that might not really be the
right path so dark matter is just simply
what we call this thing about which we
know nothing responsible for 85% of the
gravity of the cosmos we've known about
dark matter since the 1930s back then it
was called missing mass that's what it's
called because yeah there's got to be
some mass where is it we can't find it
it's got to be here somewhere because we
got the gravity if you have the gravity
you got to have the mass mass and
gravity go together it's really dark
gravity actually we shouldn't call it
anything we should call it Fred
something that has no meaning because we
don't know what it is to call it but it
has been oh it is the longest standing
unsolved problem in modern astrophysics
you
