well I've slaughterhouse I like to call
it a pick-your-own slaughterhouse open
to the public we bring in on a daily
basis poultry and livestock from
Pennsylvania and New Jersey we do mostly
heritage breed pasture-raised we do
organic also a lot of game birds if I
had my way they'd be walking around but
we have to we have to put them by law
put them in the cages until they're
brought in for slaughter so once a bird
is picked out I would take it over to
the scale we weigh it unless it's a bird
that's sold by the piece rather than by
the weight then it's brought into the
slaughter room and it's slaughtered with
a cut through the throat esophagus
trachea and jugular to release all the
blood once it's completely bled out
we've done continue the process waters
heated up to approximately a hundred and
sixty degrees it goes in there for about
one minute
and then from there goes into plucking
machine which just it's little rubber
fingers that spin around and just tear
the feathers off the nads brought into
the eviscerating room where it's gutted
and then custom cut and went back to the
consumer one bird from from slaughter to
finish product pride takes about five to
ten minutes
