hi I'm Neil deGrasse Tyson I'm an
astrophysicist with the American Museum
of Natural History and I'm host of star
talk radio welcome back to star talk
radio and it's fighting all these air
molecules like what's up with that we
win astrophysicist well so we suspected
that other stars would have planets and
that's been confirmed we got that the
problem is the method invoked to detect
those planets is best for detecting
Jupiter sized object in orbit around
their host star but if you're looking
for life as we know it you want to find
familiar planets planets may be the size
of Earth planets that are the right
distance from their host star and what
is the right distance is the Goldilocks
distance you don't want to be too close
your water would evaporate you don't
want to be too far your water would
freeze you want to be in that zone just
right where your water is in liquid form
every place on earth where there's
liquid water there is life even the Dead
Sea has life so why was it called the
Dead Sea because the people who named it
that didn't have microscopes okay they
know macroscopic fishes but there's life
everywhere in extraordinary conditions
thriving here on earth so the search for
life in the universe we start out with
what we're most familiar and we search
for earth-like planets so NASA launched
an entire mission called Kepler oh and
liftoff of the Delta 2 rocket with
Kepler that mission
there's some parts of the craft that no
longer work but before it broke it had
catalog last I checked a thousand
candidate planets and it was tuned for
finding earth-like planets around
sun-like stars so if the day ever comes
where we can travel to the stars I would
start out with the list of Kepler
planets those are our best bet for
finding life as we know it I don't know
that we'll find a twin of Earth but I
don't see why we wouldn't find another
planet with life and maybe with life
that we might call intelligent the real
here's what you should be afraid of that
that intelligent life comes to Earth
observes Hugh
and concludes there's no sign of
intelligent life on earth you want to be
afraid of that moment because everything
we summon as for what we present as
intelligence may just pale compared with
the brilliance expressed by other
life-forms from other planets
