one of the biggest perks of owning a
$60,000 plus Tesla you see you get free
access to their supercharger stations
for life so if you want to take this
Model S on a road trip you can fully
recharge your battery in just half an
hour but what are you supposed to do
while you're waiting for half an hour
and what's at the supercharger stations
anyway we're at 1:00 and Darien
Connecticut and we're here to find out
how does this work okay
is that a buggy now we pulled in with
about a hundred sixty miles of range
left on the battery which leaves us
about seventy miles short of a full
charge so now we wait what's there to do
around we want to try cheese boy so he's
been here for about 20 minutes and we've
discovered there are two basic things
you can do at a supercharger station you
can go inside and grab a bite eat at
cheese boy or you can hang out by the
car and make new Tesla friends and now
that we're fully charged try it again
and now that we're fully charged another
we're fully charged let's get out of
here
