it's working man felt about hustling
right if I ever say hey I work at
Hooters right away it's like oh you work
at Hooters you know I get calls every
day people just saying how old you gotta
be to get in there and I'm like what do
you mean how old we have crayons a
family restaurant I moved to the city
when I was a 21 years old and it was to
of course pursue my career in acting
Hooters came with it because I had
started also the company and in Jersey
so I decided to work at the Hooters
mahat and my boss had called and I got
the job I wanted for my first interview
and just got it
Oh putting on the uniform for the first
time it was it was tight yep it's very
tight I mean there's girls that quit
right away because of the uniform it
felt nice for me I mean it felt good I
figured what if you got it you know
you're showing it's not even showing off
that much I love wearing this uniform
and I think it looks cute and it's a
royal famous I mean Hooters is known for
all the Hooters girls so it's like any
other job you have to come in you kind
of have to leave your ish at the door a
morning bar shit for me could be around
200 to 300 dollars it could at night it
could be around $500
it could even be less during Christmas
time and I had this little customer for
a long time
me an envelope and it was $700 in - not
even close
Hooters promotes teamwork and we don't
have to be best friends here but while
we're here we have to kind of be a unit
as one together working together to get
everything done because all about the
customers in the end you definitely
learn to read customers and that's what
it's all about that's what Hooters wants
us to do of course I've had to deal with
stalkers every girl here is how to do I
have some stories that that are just
awful some guys think they can come in
here and just touch us and it's not it's
not the way it is we get a lot of them
actually in the kitchen that work with
us sometimes it gets really ugly I know
certain girls who work here that have
fallen in love with their customers and
it's true in it if that's happened and
it's weird but it's cool maman iced tea
I mean I have to say the women that I've
met here have been lifelong friends it's
like a big sorority you can use Hooters
as a stepping-stone you whether you want
to be a mother an actress you want to go
back to school that's what I love about
it most I'm go to school four days a
week and the rest of the day the rest of
the week I'm here who day is working
when I first started Kat Cole was my
trainers management she started as a
Hooters girl then she did training for
management and now she's the youngest of
a multi-million dollar company can't go
wrong with being yourself and that's
what I've been doing since day one and
it's got me here and I'm having the girl
on the bartender muscle my trainer I
kind of want to go with the company move
up in the company so we'll see what
happens you know this has been a great
opportunity for me and this is a huge
family for me so I've got a few more
good years left until I have to hang up
the orange shorts but not yet no
definitely not yet
