I actually teach martial arts and I am
social media and program director for a
school i'm currently a college student i
work in the supermarket I study
literature I'm actually a security
dispatcher for a school district um I
work for a publishing company here in
the city in real life I'm an artist and
a cad designer I actually work for a
company that makes them like military
electronics I design pajamas whoo kid
sleep where I go to school full time in
a Moscow server I like an apple be so
i'm actually a 911 dispatcher I'm gonna
count what are you talking about this is
who I am every day I'm gonna count
manager at a marketing agency I go to
John Jay College gym ah come across our
country for sure did a note sure of my
job I work at home depot I work in the
security industry
you
