when I was younger I really wanted to be
able to draw because when you're
inspired by something you want to be
like I love this thing I love it so much
once you put that side on I have like a
clear stuff that goes on top of it that
I'm a founder of suitors have difficulty
along
so you can see the like I am attracted
to strong female characters and a lot of
the time because comics and anime are
written by men they're like how is a
woman strong I don't know let me see
your ass ha ha ha but actually sometimes
there will be really great female
characters and we'll just be dressed
like naked idiots but if I love the
character enough we'll just be like well
I'm doing it anyway also just like
trashy stuff i under cosplay cousin of
the girlfriend I wanted a nerd
girlfriend and I didn't know where to
meet and their girlfriends and then I
discovered cosplay and I was like I'm a
cosplay and meet cute girls that like
things I like and I'm gonna date him
that went really poorly so I just really
love the hobby so it worked out I got
like a lot of really great people
through it so it's fine it worked out in
the end
nerd culture is more least conventions
at this point are pretty like 5050 in
terms of female male maybe not a comic
convention but like anime conventions
and comic conventions are getting
they're more like 50/50 divided between
males and females I actually find that
conventions people are more respectful
to me than they are in real life my
mother says a family definitely has no
idea what I'm doing
it would not surprise me if they thought
I was like some kind of stripper or
something because I do wear a lot of
sexy costumes my father's side of my
family is Japanese so they kind of know
what cosplay is they're all SuperDuper
Americanized and I think they're just
kind of like walk and walk a Jenny and
her wacky costumes I think until I make
money off of it they're not gonna give a
 I am a student and I work at a tea
store and I'm poor
this is my only hobby I don't really
like do anything else so when I get my
paycheck it's like half of it goes to
bills and half of it goes to costumes
there's I think only like three people
in the United States that like make
enough money off of it that it could be
like a career and
you're talking about Yaya Han yeah she's
a friend of mine and she's been doing it
I think the longest out of the people
that are I have a lot more respect for
her integrity than other people that do
because she like makes her own stuff and
it's really rockin and her craftsmanship
is so crazy I love every time she makes
something I'm just like oh looks so good
and her boobs are enormous because
they're like big fake boobs but like
that makes sewing a lot harder like the
curvier you are the harder it is to sew
and her stuff fits her like amazing and
I'm always really impressed by that now
we're in costumes are pretty actually
uncomfortable it's like a it's like a
weird rubber layer on top of spandex so
I find that I don't have problems like I
wear it without underwear from hospital
it was when I need to obviously if you
can wear tights or something that's
better but sometimes you can't cause
like this if I wear tights you to see a
line and then I don't want you to see a
line so I'm just done or underwear I
think there's some customers were a lot
more modest than me but I don't like
wearing underwear in general so I don't
care everyone has like a different
interpretation like media and it's like
what you take from it it's like being
able to draw for people to can't draw
you get to create something from the
characters who like
you know we painted on the bus but dude
on the couch will reset one this is my
wedding ring for
