and again there's a moon ways to crack
break and shatter your smartphone screen
but this shatterproof screen protector
for mamzer claims it'll keep your
smartphone screen shatterproof so we're
gonna get some of our co-workers here to
put that claim to the test
you know max Megan this iPhone has a
cracked screen this often doesn't have a
cracked screen it's also got this amjur
shadow proof screen protector on it so I
want you to turn this iPhone into this F
okay are you ready yeah I think I can
applies you start the drill not getting
anywhere
all right how's it look looks okay a
little beat-up pretty impressive I think
like I met a scratch a thing but like I
really had to put my full weight behind
it to even do that so now let's try this
guy this is a sander it sands things
okay how does one operate this thing
other factors
it's pretty coarse grain sandpaper there
it's known for its scratching qualities
it looks completely fine no noticeable
effect no on the sander now we're gonna
do the hammer we're gonna start you off
a small hammer okay oh my god anything
looks okay all right this guy whoa I
need one of these that's actually crazy
Wow I'm extremely impressed as like a
chronic foam dropper no it's still yeah
this thing's still running um which is
also pretty impressive because I really
hit that thing really hard I'm really
impressed the hammer yeah yeah okay
