the Pembroke Welsh Corgi originated in
Wales it's a herding breed they were
originally bred to care of cattle
they're a very compact dog it's a big
dog in a little body they replaced a dog
they excel in all kinds of dog sports
agility obedience herding rally they
have the short legs of course they have
a lone back by which is another help
they should have to watch this find
their tails are ducked when they're
young you can see some dogs with tails
but it was done as a function of their
herding so that the cattle wouldn't bite
their tails or stuff on their tails they
do require brushing a lot of grooming
they do shed they're a lovely family dog
they have very little health problems
some eyes but they're very nice and
their temperaments for me very sweet
they're just an endearing dog in a great
personality
they're very photogenic they're comical
so they do silly things and people come
to capture them
