I think the best way and you know if
from a safety standpoint and certainly I
think you know I'm really thinking about
this as a medicine and my role as a
doctor I think smoking is by not the
best way to do this because when you
smoke something you are literally
burning the compounds so in addition to
maybe altering the medicine in this case
you could be in creating byproducts
which may may have some other
detrimental effects eating it is is
tough because it's very hard to get the
right dose and the right absorption of
it so there is something known as
vaporizing which appears to be a pretty
good option I mean there's all sorts of
different ways of people ingest
marijuana but in this way you're super
heating the marijuana but you're not
burning it you can more accurately
predict the dose in this case of a
medicine and and you know you're not
getting potentially some of the other
side effects the pill forms that I heard
of typically people have tried to
extract the compounds from marijuana
from cannabis and put it into a pill
form I think they've had some success
with that but the there's a scientist in
Israel named masoom
who really describes this thing known as
the entourage effect which again means
this idea that you need all the various
compounds for it to work at its maximum
capacity so I don't know where that
research is and being able to extract
all the compounds and put it in pill
form I don't think that's been done yet
but maybe that's where the future is
headed
