this is the oculus rift a virtual
reality headset for video gaming but
words can't really describe how cool
this thing is so we got a bunch of our
Business Insider co-workers to give it a
try
oh my god
how do I look you look great nice all
right now we're gonna send you through
space so you ready all right look around
go wow this is pretty cool
this is pretty cool I can deal with this
whoa Jupiter's right there you know I
would have sold my little brother for
this when I was a kid if I'd I have this
and I have a serious question for you
yeah
do you like roller coasters I love
roller coaster I love roller coasters
put the goggles on we're going on a
roller coaster
ah I'm also sure about this guy's me I'm
kind of getting freaked out you're not
to go around this way no look look look
you ready look down look down okay
look strong by God yeah look down look
down look down oh my god I really don't
like coaster now you speed it up here's
a jump what what oh my gosh oh you okay
yeah you're not gonna know if I didn't
even feel anything okay all right now
we're gonna put you on a guillotine have
you ever committed a crime i shoplifted
once you shot eight I want you to
imagine that you just committed a
terrible terrible crime I won't be hard
now we're about to chop your head off
with the guillotine like Game of Thrones
right now lean forward now look up it's
time to go look up oh man I'm a
disembodied head right now there I died
overall impression um it was really fun
very cool very cool I think this is
awesome
are you a video gamer do ya know would
this make you a video gamer actually
probably would I would rather do this
than just
at a regular screen straight up straight
up straight up straight up straight up
straight up
