hi I'm Neil deGrasse Tyson I'm an
astrophysicist with the American Museum
of Natural History and I host Startalk
welcome back to star talk radio and it's
fighting all these air molecules like
what's up with that we win
astrophysicist a big people ask if life
is teaming across the galaxy how where
are they how come they're not just
walking into the front door of the White
House we're visiting us here in New York
and Times Square I have some unorthodox
thoughts on that matter
I wonder first maybe they have visited
us in Times Square but no one noticed
because everybody who kind of hangs out
in Times Square is just a little crazy
and then I worried suppose the aliens
visited during comic-con and they would
land at comic-con and everyone is
dressed as aliens and nobody notices a
more serious concern I have is by the
way our hubris forces us to think of
ourselves as intelligent I am this part
I am smart hey Mikey
we have a certain intelligence gap
between us and other creatures on earth
wit you don't walk by the worm on the
street and say gee I wonder what he's
thinking I'll somehow have deepens no
you step on the worm okay this is what
we do as humans so I wonder if in fact
we have been observed by aliens and upon
close examination of human conduct and
human behavior they have concluded that
there is no sign of intelligent life on
earth
tell you a couple things earth NASA says
we go into space by launching into Earth
orbit do you know how high above Earth
the Space Station orbit no you don't
know I tell you 3/8 of an inch and we
tower we tell ourselves that that space
excuse me that's just driving around the
block right and that dude who jumped out
of a balloon oh the edge of space jump
on this if the earth were this size it'd
be 1/16 of an inch above the surface
that's where he jumped right there see
that no you can't see it because it's
1/16 of an inch so on that scale on this
scale where is the moon is 30 feet away
it's not even it's not in this office
there's three offices down on this scale
whereas Mars it's a mile away where
where is the nearest star system forget
it
so if an alien traversed that distance
and all we're doing is driving around
the block they're more advanced than we
are and by the way Hawking is all
worried that aliens might suck our
brains out that concern comes from the
fact that when any of us explored the
world with high-technology ships and and
came upon a civilization less advanced
it was bad for the less advanced
civilization they are they were
completely wiped out or subjugated or
enslaved or whatever so I think his fear
about aliens is a reflection of his
actual knowledge about humans how humans
treat each other not real knowledge
about how actual aliens would treat us
so did you have it earth
