my name is Eli from alabaster and chess
I made clothing and I travel all the
time which makes me a perfect person to
tell you how to pack for your business
trip we're going to take our suit put it
right down on the table like this lay it
flat first trick is to grab a little of
your tissue paper you can use two pieces
on jacket drop it right down in the
middle we're going to take from the
shoulder to the top of the collar nice
and smooth like that and then drop the
arm so that it's right down the side of
the suit same thing with the other side
really simple and easy keep it with a
little bit of volume then we're going to
take the pants pants are really simple
we're going to fold them just like you
would think give it two quick turns and
we're also going to drop it right at the
bottom of the suit make sure that it's
flat and use that as an extra cushion
then we're going to give it one flip
make sure everything is flat if you have
a bag lying around it's a really good
way to keep any moisture or debris off
of your suit while it's in the bag now
we're ready for your shirt
same thing lie it really flat take
another piece of tissue paper drop it
right between the shoulders just like on
the suit we're going to grab the shirt
at the edge fold it over at the shoulder
so that it beats the edge of the collar
grab your sleeve and lie it right down
the bottom of the shirt same thing on
the other side sleeve right down to the
side make sure you're nice and lined up
then you're going to give it two quick
folds one and two there you go a nice
easy square perfect just like that pull
out any wrinkles so now your suit is all
ready to go give it as much air and room
as you can
sure it is now all set and ready
straighten it out and you're ready to go
