at quadrangle private equity firm and
also as an adviser to Mayor Bloomberg on
his own fortune you are making or have
made a couple of decades worth of
investment decisions what do you what
have you learned are the three most
important things about investing
management is of critical importance and
I gave you my examples but there there
are certainly many more the second is
the industry dynamics it's not it's not
necessarily a bad thing to invest in a
declining industry or an industry that's
not growing as long as you pay a low
enough price but I do think it's hard I
do think it's hard you have to really
it's very tough to invest in a business
that's basically on its way down and so
and then the third thing is essentially
therefore is strong businesses with
strong franchises and where you know
they have an enduring product that is
not going to get too soon remediated
otherwise dislocated and two of those I
think involve real expertise about the
industry and meeting management really
understanding them any advice for
individual investors do you feel like
this is a game that should be played at
home or should individuals just by index
but I think the idea that individuals
play this game at home is insane would
you take out your own appendix would you
write your own will would you fix your
own car and yet there are shows after
shows after shows devoted to telling
people how to invest their own money and
it is the most absurd thing I have ever
seen of course they shouldn't whether
they invest in index fund or pick a good
mutual fund or give it if they have
enough money to a good money manager
it's crazy it's absolutely crazy why do
you think that fiction continues to roll
I think it's a little bit like why do
people still invest in movies why do
people invest in racehorses where you
know the average is show you're going to
have a loss because everybody thinks
they can do a little bit better and the
same is true of investing people why
exactly i don't know but people who have
no business thinking it think that they
can do better than the market or else
they should buy ETFs or something like
that it's I can't think I almost real I
can't think of a parallel
to it in any other part of one's life
where one is willing to do things
themselves that they should so obviously
leave to professionals
