quite recently you had an incredibly
famous and powerful cover saying the web
is dead what brought you to powers we
did first of all I have to I have to say
I'm a magazine editor and magazine
editor sometimes do what magazine
magazine covers require I certainly hope
the web is not dead I think the word
dead is hyperbolic by any definition
what I believe is that the rise of the
the mobile Internet so the full title by
the way is to be clear the web is dead
long live the internet so we're making a
quite subtle distinction Clinton clearly
not subtle on the cover but you know
what you learned in your 18 months of
nine times i learned that subtle he
doesn't sell so what we did is we sort
of said put in cover site let's make it
relatively nuanced argument about what
changes as the way as the internet goes
mobile what you see of course is the
rise of the app economy as the internet
goes in the living room you see the rise
the dedicated devices etc and as we
looked at the sort of the you know the
mobile devices the living room devices
the apps what we saw is there always an
internet for transport but not
necessarily the web as a display
mechanism HTML web defined as they're
the open the web the google can see the
HTML browser based based web and not
only was that sort of what these de
specialized devices require because of
theirs are small screen size or limited
i oh it's also what businesses require
to to build you know to make money that
you know is you know better than anybody
the em you know you could only make
money with scarcity you know in the 20th
century that scarcity was printing
plants and trucks and sort of you know
quays you know Agha Polly is over the
powers of distribution the internet lost
we lost all scarcity and the rise of the
sort of specialized devices in the app
economy as a way to kind of you know
just to say it in pure economic terms to
serve them somewhat you know raise the
barrier to entry create scarcity both by
taking content often and also you know a
more production going into the content
you put on and and find a new business
model built around direct payments
rather than just advertised is the web
dead in that subtle look I mean is
Google toast or we toast as wired the
the web is challenged by and I'll turn
the business model I think the web as a
community you know medium is alive and
well on by the way by night I'm a
hundred percent web you know it running
web communities etc you know that the
web is it is a communication mechanism
is community mechanism as a place for
amateurs as a place for obviously
business for e-commerce for you know for
services all that is alive and well the
article was specifically looking at the
mark plates for commercial content and
there I mean I you're certainly not dead
and nor is norm any other sites but you
do have an alternative path you don't
have to be an ad-supported website you
you know if you choose you can pick the
app path you can you can charge for your
content if you want that was hard hard
to do in the browser environment much
easier to do if the consumer engagement
starts with an app store
