a trustworthy press is the immune system
of democracy in 2016 the immune system
failed and now it's incumbent it's
incumbent upon let's say patriotic
Americans to help people in the press
industry rebuild that to show that the
know there is a reliable press there's a
trustworthy press we need to reassert
that distinguishing it from press which
may operate from different different
methods so specifically how are you
gonna do that well I'm not gonna do it
I don't really know anything I've ever
written the deadline you may know that
writing to deadline is harder it's
harder than it looks so what I'm doing
is finding the people and institutions
who are doing good work including
figuring out how they can tell me as a
news consumer that they're trustworthy
the trust project does that in a sense
it's about a news outlet having a code
of ethics like they'll make stuff up
yeah and then correct things when
mistakes are made because they always
are right then the international
fact-checking network and the open brand
safety people act as watchdogs to make
sure that you know commitments are
fulfilled okay there's a number of other
related groups who are devoted of
figuring out what are the networks
through which fake news travels yeah I
mean write fake news I mean deliberately
deceptive there's right these all these
networks are different from trustworthy
news correct people are tracking down
the bot networks for example that are
often run by state actors you know the
state actors or their allies will invent
something and then state actors will
often use their bot networks to
propagate this information and very
successfully okay so part of the
solution is identifying the fact that
fake news travels through different
pathways than trustworthy news they all
sometimes overlap but
the problem is that there are very broad
very populous networks of bots who are
very good at spreading fake news at
great speed and at the peripheries of
these bot networks are people sometimes
sock puppets sometimes actual people who
don't know how to distinguish fake news
from real news
yeah so that's the other interesting
thing about this project is that in in
my opinion there is a large audience out
there that doesn't really care about
which news brands are trustworthy and
which ones which ones or not it's like a
it feels to me like a cultural change
excuse me that there is a population of
people who kind of isn't that interested
in actual facts or truth or science they
like hearing the news that they want to
hear they like hearing the news that
they prefer and oh how do you change
that or how do you tackle that well as a
nerd I have a certain fondness for logic
and reason which is totally
dysfunctional I can only hope working
with the social media platforms that
when a news item comes in from a
trustworthy outlet the social media
platform will say that hey these guys
pretty much always tell the truth their
stuff gets fact checked and you can feel
comfortable passing this on sharing you
know however if a news item comes in
from a news outlet which has a poor
record for the truth the platform may
present the user with an item which says
hey these guys make things up frequently
they don't fact-check they often pass on
things directly from foreign state act
or botnets so you may not want to bother
reading it and you really don't want to
pass it on to anyone else that is one
vision for the future which i think is
the evolving vision but it does require
the acts of people of goodwill to make
this happen I'm working within a great
number of them here from the US UK and
Europe and elsewhere
you
