I know from experience and having talked
to lots venture capitalists that the
word content is just a horrible concept
to venture capitalists now and yet you
have actually built your portfolio
around this so what's different what are
you seeing that others are missing you
know I think what's happened is that the
west coast venture capital community for
the longest time didn't like content
because it takes too many people who
make too much money to produce the
content and there's a bias I think in
the west coast in particular to machines
creating things and sure enough you know
Google came along and was this
incredible machine that created great
advertising inventory with essentially
no human intervention and as we know
Google is a great company and went on to
be a great story and everybody's been
chasing the next machine that can create
great advertising inventory but the fact
is that i think it's an anomaly and that
to create great advertising inventory
you need to create great content and
creating great content means great
people who you do have to pay who know
how to write and edit and design and
build you know interactivity into the
content and so that we've always
believed that and that's the type of
content that i think people want to
consume I think that's the type of
content that advertisers want to be
associated with and because the the
notion of having too many people around
I think that's what's driven venture
guys away from content as a business and
two of the areas that some venture
capitalists are excited about that are
still under the rubric content but are
very different than what you're doing
and I want to get to what you're doing
in a minute are the completely free
user-generated content model like
Wikipedia is there's a private version
of that so then there's the mick content
the demand media associated content seed
where we're just going to pay a million
freelancers five dollars a post or
whatever it is to create this massive
body of work that will be SEO through
google and make gazillions of dollars at
the expense of the New York Times right
so do you think those models work well I
think demand you know demand is
basically is a google arbitrage you know
they create a lot of content
and it gets SE owed and then ninety
percent of the revenue comes from the
links the google links that are on the
demand content so having 11 revenue
source is you know for ninety percent of
your revenue is risky but i think i
think that that's a part of the equation
you know i think that having that Mick
content to use your term it is important
you know having but i think you have to
layer on top of it professional branded
content that the advertising community
wants to be associated with because the
risk right from a brand's perspective is
that it gets involved with some of these
user-generated or Mick content and it's
hard to know what's going to be created
next do you know it's it's not a safe
place for a brand manager or a media
planner to associate so you think
advertisers will continue to care about
that because if you go to a trade show
now you'll have ID seven ad networks
tell you doesn't matter demand media
page doesn't match yeah I do I look I
think remnant inventory is always going
to be best monetized to ad networks but
but the fact of the matter is is that
the majority of a Mart the margin of
advertising based businesses is going to
be through sold inventory to advertisers
and when my companies you know talk to
advertisers or agencies the media
planners go on to the site and they say
I want to be on that page and that page
and that they point to the pages that
they want to be on they care about
context they care brands take a long
time to build and they're very easy
things to destroy and so they don't want
to take that chance and so I do think
that this that professional and curated
content is really important and I think
having the other stuff beneath it is
great and I think you can make a lot of
money on remnant inventory you know the
margins aren't great but I think you can
do pretty well with it but without the
without the branded top level I think
it's hard to create real sustainable
businesses now at village ventures
you've developed a very clear thesis
with a lot of very key points to it
that's not just invest in any content
business so talk about that yeah you
know we
have have learned over over the last six
or seven years that there are basically
three pieces to this content business
vertical content business that really
makes sense the first thing is you
really need to have an owned and
operated you know branded content hub
you know in parenting we have babble.com
in in technology we have toptenreviews
com that that's a really important thing
to have you know a single URL that's
attracting organic traffic that's
professionally produced and then the
second thing is some sort of
direct-to-consumer revenue stream
whether it's subscriptions or e-commerce
you know that those two things really
work well together to drive the overall
business because the direct consumer
piece allows you to do custom roi
focused customer acquisition to bring
people into your world and then you can
move them over usually using email
newsletters to the owned and operated
content where you can make more margin
and then the third piece is adding an ad
network layer on top of that because you
know you can't it's hard to get a single
URL past 10 or 20 million uniques you
know if you want to get to 30 40 50
million uniques in a vertical you really
need to add other smaller content sites
that you can represent and leverage your
your ad sales relationships and the one
piece of that that's I think very
important a lot of content companies
over the last 15 years have made the
mistake of thinking well we'll start a
URL will buy advertisements on TV people
will see those and go and what you're
saying is you actually have to be
marketing a very specific service you're
going to do that with keywords or
something else folks are going to come
in maybe they're going to buy it but
maybe not but if they don't voila
there's your content sitting there so
you can have them look at the capital
efficiency of growing these vertical
content businesses it's gotten so much
better and it's exactly for that reason
you come up with something that people
are willing to pay for you go out and
you bring you know 30 people into that
product one of them buys that the other
29 people don't the one that does buy it
pays for all 30 and then the other 29
people you recirculate into different
content products you might have where
you can sell advertising
audience and and make a great margin so
those two pieces have a really young and
yang well the other thing is that when
you're when the advertising market is
very cyclical when it goes down on the
direct consumer piece you're an ad buyer
right because you're buying advertising
to bring people in when the advertising
market goes up on the owned and operated
media side you're an ad seller so you
can you know grow through cycles by by
matching up those revenue streams and
then of course the ad network piece just
adds a lot of scale and then adds a lot
of data allowing more targeting and you
know the bigger your ad network the more
data you have with the more targeted
targeting you can do on the advertising
