welcome back Justin thanks for coming by
thank you for having me tell us what is
hot potato so a high level hot potato is
focused on aggregating audience around
shared interest especially large
audiences around things that are
happening at fixed points in time so as
a consumer you can think of this as
saying you know answering the question
what are you doing and hot potato makes
it very easy to connect to other people
who are doing the same thing at the same
at the same time you might be watching
lost you might be attending a baseball
game you know really sports concerts
events politics conferences all fit
really really nice and what am I doing
with it am I just saying what I saying
what I think about what's going on or am
i yeah you can do a number of things you
can ask questions of the audience you
can post photos you can post videos you
can comment it's really a great way to
feel connected to other people who share
your interests in real time so in the
business this has kind of been called
the back channel for a while and
traditionally at least over the past few
years this is somewhere that twitter has
actually had a really nice advantage
getting people to talk during
conferences at events about TV shows
about sporting events what do you do
that Twitter does not do and where do
you kind of add more so Twitter you know
is a very very persistent use case it
was one of the reasons we got excited
about about starting the business
historically you could use a hashtag or
a pound sign and in a word to kind of
classify a tweet as fitting into a
particular category so could say I'm at
you know at Ted I could put pound Ted in
my tweet and then that didn't sort of
implies that's a tweet about Ted from a
person who's there we kind of switch
that around a little bit with hot potato
we think it's sort of might be a bit
easier for a user to find that event Ted
and then go into a stream of commentary
and media that's focused on Ted
explicitly so one of the one of the
challenges with with twitter is when
you're say watching the superbowl and
you want to see all the tweets about a
superbowl becomes very difficult to
filter that based on your friends your
location and a number of another of
other aspects that you know we think are
so you're bringing me that message is
based on what sort of things based on
your interests we're going to filter and
give you the most relevant messages for
you based on your social graph based on
your location based on a little bit of
demographic data about you potential so
I'll see stuff that my friends that
actually friends with are saying exactly
or you'll see stuff that the audience
thinks is really interesting so if a
particular message has received a lot of
commentary around it in response to it
or a lot of likes will distribute that
more widely amongst the audience too
obvious places where this could be very
strong mobile and you have an iPhone app
and you could tell me how strong mobile
is doing but also the iPad which is new
and still not in a lot of poems but you
know I've found in the last few weeks
using one that when I'm sitting on the
couch watching TV or basically doing
anything that's what is on my left
absolutely you and me both so we have an
iphone app today and actually a
universal binary that runs on the iPad
as well which we rolled out just a
couple of weeks ago and it's been a
really really great use case for it
we're doing mobile web still a bit of a
work in progress right now but over the
next few weeks we're going to be doing a
pretty big release totally new iphone
app mobile web interface and a new web
interface as well which we're pretty
excited about really just focused on
making the whole experience simpler
easier and more fun for our users and
this is one of those things that is a
great tool if you remember to use it and
it seems to me that this is also a tool
that TV networks sports sports leagues
other live event companies could really
they've always been looking for a back
channel this could solve a need with
them so how do you kind of link up with
big media companies sports leagues and
you know have them promote you and also
act as a service for them I think it's
really straightforward you get it for a
large media company or sports league for
example this is an opportunity for you
to really better reach communicate with
and hopefully entertain your audience
during your event you could set up a
Facebook page or you know a Twitter
account we don't really get that
visceral response people who are
immediately they're reacting to two
what's going on I think that the use
case for it fits into two great
categories one of which is leveraging
the fact you have access to this
audience as a consumer you might ask a
question and get responses back from a
number of people who are interested in
the same thing and two is really this
shared context and reaction when you get
excited about something that's happened
you know the first thing you want to do
is share that with somebody
that you know is interested in so how do
you convince these big companies that
you the new guy is worth doing business
with you know we build a product that
distributes the distributes itself you
know we don't fundamentally believe will
ultimately be successful if we don't
have a product that users just want to
use independent of any actual promotion
of it via via media brand but you know
we so far have we've done a couple of
things we did a promotion with AT&T
around march madness which which went
really nicely and working on some new
stuff actually on the ipad specifically
with some potential partners that were
excited about i think the premise really
is you know if people are interested in
sharing what they're doing with their
friends and potentially with with brands
as well this it's a really really nice
intersection so you know the product
that we're working on
