wikipedia has become total global
phenomenon fifth biggest website in the
world absolutely huge integral two
cultures everything else but when you
started it it sounds like a lot of other
entrepreneurs you had a different
concept that then evolved into this yeah
I originally had the idea for freely
licensed encyclopedia written by
volunteers and all the language of the
world back in nineteen ninety nine but I
didn't really know how to make it happen
you know I was watching the growth of
open-source software free software and
seeing amazing things happening so our
first concept of how to do it was very
top-down I was called new pedia it had
set we have seven stage review process
people actually for a while had to fax
in their diplomas to prove they were
qualified to write something and as you
might expect it was complete failure we
really got very little work done because
it was very intimidating for people to
participate so then when I heard about
the wicking concept which had actually
been around since 95 and we launched
that it was a completely radical change
of direction take us through that
process because obviously wikipedia has
been shot at forever bio anybody can
edit it so forth having to be credible
that kind of thing so right when you
were conceiving of it it must have
sounded like it would have been a good
idea Utley insane right this is the most
insane thing ever you're going to open a
website let anybody edit it and expect
it to be anything other than complete
rubbish so the real key to understanding
Wikipedia is what are the pieces behind
that how does that work and it's a mix
of things it's the software meaning the
tools that we give to the volunteers so
people have things like recent changes
where they can check what's changed
recently they've watched list so they
can monitor things we have the ability
to block people if they're misbehaving
also we keep the history of every
version so if somebody does come in and
make a mess we just fix it we just go
back to the previous versions one click
to do that so it's all of those things
on the one hand the software but then
it's also the social aspect of thing so
it's really bringing together a
passionate community of volunteers who
really care about quality
