so how exactly can the United States
begin to rebuild its shattered economy
Matthew Bishop from The Economist
welcome you've written this book called
the road from ruin in which you spell
out how to revive capitalism and put
America back on top how do we do that so
the aim of the road from ruin is
actually to say let's look at why we got
into this mess and how we can get out of
it so it's not a blow-by-blow account of
who did what to whom but really try and
look at some ideas and you know
fundamentally this crisis was a failure
of ideas there was a set of beliefs that
people had that dominated the market the
world economy for 25 years that actually
and ran out of steam such as no such
there's no very light regulation the
idea that markets are always efficient
the idea that the central banks could
actually avoid there ever being boom and
bust and the bubbles didn't happen all
those sorts of ideas I think I've been
shown to be wrong actually there's a lot
of work going on in economics at the
moment that actually allows us to have a
better set of ideas that are much more
realistic about how markets really work
and how people really work and how
institutions work so we need to embrace
all those ideas and put them in what the
Fed does and so forth secondly we need
to actually fix the regulatory problems
that were in the system and I think
there was this caricature of capitalism
that it was it could work without
government at all and on the other side
there was a dislike of all markets and
the government was always the answer and
we actually just need to come up with a
much smarter set of rules and regulated
to actually do what they're supposed to
be doing and that way we can get the
markets to work better we need to put I
think Americans have also in policy
focus far too much on America as a
self-contained economy and this was
fundamentally a global crisis and we
have a global economy that is not
properly overseeing so there's all these
national regulators none of whom are
really up to scratch we need a system of
global rules
regulations that actually address some
of these global imbalances like the
power of China and rising power of China
and the fact that it's money is flooding
the American economy and so forth and so
we've got pretty much everyone trying to
grab cameras and give the sound bites of
what we've got to do to fix it and so
forth no one seems to be really
interested in that anymore we've got
such problems actually fixing the
economy so right now seems we put aside
what to do to make sure it doesn't
happen again how do we fix what's going
on right now the ten percent
unemployment rate and other imbalances
well you know I think one of the things
we do in the book is to go back it
throughout history and look at the major
crashes major bubbles major major
crashes and what happened afterwards and
try to learn some lessons from that and
you know I think we are at a position
now where America could go the way of
Japan in the 1990s it learned the lesson
at the Depression in the 1930s by saying
well okay we can't let the banking
system meltdown we've got to put a lot
of money into the economy but in Japan
there was a process of denial about how
the credit creation process worked and
thing problems were just postponed
endlessly and there was no real getting
to grips with the regulatory challenges
in the system and I think that is the
danger that we're in in America at the
moment so there's a need for leadership
which it actually means asking some
tough questions about how that how the
system can be improved and do you think
we are in denial because every day I
hear people say well they were not Japan
because we forced our banks to admit
that they made all these terrible loans
and and so forth well my view is that
the the banking sector is in denial
because things got better so quickly and
they were in fact bailed out by
trillions of dollars of taxpayer money
and therefore you know that something
has to change to make sure that we don't
repeat that cycle of you know the
profits being made by the banking sector
and then the loss is being taken by the
taxpayer which is not what capitalism is
supposed to be like so when do you think
we start to actually create reforms that
matter will we do it or will this all
just be swept under the rug if things
start to get better well i'm adding is a
really big challenge in the gut
and firstly I think it had to stimulate
the economy but it's going to at some
point pretty soon I'm going to have to
figure out a way out of that stimulus
process and that's going to be really
difficult because you know what
politicians are shown over the years is
they're very good at spending money
they're not very good at stopping
spending money and so you know I worry a
lot that we're going to see a lot of
inflation problems coming suddenly a
couple of years down the line you know I
think there's going to be a real danger
that the midterm election cycle you know
having lost in Massachusetts they're
going to be a lot of pressure on the
Democrats do some a populist things
rather than necessarily the right things
and you know already we're seeing a
repeat of the the hearings in the 1930s
we've got the pecora hearings which
produced a lot of bad regulations to
meet the populace appetite rather than
the intelligent regulations but there is
no one in the moment in the system
showing leadership you know the banking
leaders you know all basic st. don't do
anything we want to go back to normal
and the politicians are all to be table
but actually not doing anything I
exactly so to summarize it sounds like
you think there is conceptually a road
back from ruin but that we are
meandering all over the place and not
particularly headed down that road yeah
and I think you know actually every
bubble that we've had in history I think
almost without exception has come out of
a real innovation something good that's
been done either a product or innovation
in the financial markets and those
economies that have come out best from
the crash that follows the bubble have
been those of actually said well let's
make the innovate innovation work better
for us and those that have done worse
have been those that I said let's get
rid of risk-taking let's get rid of the
innovation and I feel there's a real
pressure it was cracked down on
innovation and risk-taking in the
financial system here which could really
prolong the crisis so if we don't go
down that road right Thank You Matthew
