you've been talking a very vocal a lot
about the stimulated stimulated growth
in China and how they've been pushing
growth at any cost where do you think
that's left the Chinese economy I think
China is kind of the mother of all black
swans in a sense it's you know when it's
when something if the if Chinese growth
slows down and I've actually declines
we're going to see first significant
problems in China right now you say you
say black black swan that usually you
know that refers to the telly book and
about an unexpected event if we're
talking about it all the time is it
really that unexpected well the I think
China suffers from the false axiom okks
accident yeah this right it's the fourth
outcome is like limiting example would
happen tonight sure for 50 years the
axiom is basically something that you
think it's self-evident and doesn't need
to be proven right okay so the United
States for 50 years housing prices never
declined nationwide right okay at once
so a lot of decision makers including
Federal Reserve basically as New York
had the ax film in their assumptions
right and but when but it's it's not a
law it just it's an observation yeah
it's something was you know that was
based on generation so when they so it
builds on itself it was a lot it created
a lot more Aboriginal system right we
saw that the the banking executives say
well we didn't really when they came
before Congress said we never really
calculated informational housing decline
in our when we did our model exactly so
too many people with was a Black Swamp
right not to all right so China is kind
of the same you know the false Axum in
China is that the economy of you always
be growing okay and the reason for that
because their economy has grown the last
three years you know last ten years a
have it hasn't had any cyclic ality
right so the national assumption is it
is going to be growing the line will
keep going out the way it has you've
talked about how there's basically been
three periods to the Chinese over
investment so far what are those so the
in there recover from the period in 1998
because a decade of ten percent growth
real growth and that was that that was
real growth when I got no the real
means before inflation I mean after
after inflation that's what I mean the
real is not now that it was authentic
that's right this way yeah so you know
there was a ten years of growth
demoscene growth a year and the problem
is when economy of that size is growing
at such a high rate you have a lot of a
lot of the government plays a very large
role in the economy the quality of the
growth that very late stages comes
fairly weak right or low the cunha so I
usually try to try to use example
starbucks because people can relate to
it that's you know in 1887 starbucks was
closed and open that not one point five
stores a day right in 2007's is open
five stores a day so when you open that
winning stores a day the quality of your
decisions are going to be very you know
the corrupting one around the corner
from the other exactly so in China you
know we can we could see the some little
of because he's some evidence of that
how poor the quality was when they build
a city orders in the right Mr Gold
Mongolia for 1 million people and it's
empty right we're in a video at one
point showing the empty city so they the
decision-making in a sense is it the
opportunities for genuine growth sort of
you know start to get thinner and
thinner so too in order to keep up the
growth they they start making these kind
of errors let's write or the South China
mold which is a you know the second
biggest mall in the world that is
completely empty and it's only second
biggest because they dubai mall is
largest right but not not the best
comparison this for this fight so the
sense of the point is the the quality
the quality of the growth was not the
late stages was not very good right and
then so that's the first period then we
have the crisis and i call this stage
you lie okay because during the crisis
you know basically chinese economy its
growth slowed down to from ten percent
to eight or six percent but it was still
growing and this is the economy that is
an export nation right export was down
we're down twenty five percent the
tonnage of booths transport was down
from but this didn't affect the overall
growth numbers well they know they know
well that's exactly right so the dick
you know but you have some statistics
that basically disagree is the official
numbers because they were Twista
consumption was actually declined for
them for the first time in decades
okay so you start in your you so you
start seeing you know that the
officially work yeah how are they making
those numbers if the other signs of
economic growth aren't there exactly so
this is the country that sensors you
know you know the media this is this is
the country that sends people to ji for
writing articles they don't like so this
is the country they can fight the
numbers as well right so that the third
stage and this is K this is kind of the
end of crisis today and basically this
is the country that is afraid what if
what will happen to its MP no to its
political stability if it has high
unemployment right because it has no so
very little social social safety net the
hungry people they don't complain they
riot okay right so what happened since
then they had what they had a stimulus
package which accounted for fourteen
percent of GDP and it was injected into
the economy through fire hose right
again Chinese kind of unique in this
sense that we had a large tables as well
but our government has a control of a
small portion of the economy right they
can create a lot of money and throw it
into the economy but they can't force
bank filling the land and they can't
force corporations need to borrow and
spend the money yeah I guess well this
dish that's right so in China that
government you know the controls the
banks so you can force them to land and
it's a third of the country's you know
is basically state-owned enterprises
that it can force to spend right right
and therefore the smile the fourteen
percent of gdp was kind of thrown into
the economy at very high pace just to
keep the economy going and now you have
incredible excesses where do you what do
you see happens next is China you know
is it and it's are the problems that
they're going to face a year out two
years ten years when what happens to X
attention it's very difficult to figure
out what's going to trigger right
promise but one of the triggers I can
think of is that the slow growth or god
forbid decline right okay because
remember this is the the accident the
false accident there the scanning
that'll be growing be best yeah this is
why I mean this is the economy where you
have a 20-percent vacancy in a
skyscrapers but they still be the most
building more skyscrapers because the
ration always it's always going to be
growing unlike a place like New York
where we have
pretty high vacancy rate now in
Manhattan but you don't see a lot of
cranes exactly sky square exactly so
that's the huge difference so if the
gross slows down declines it's a I
compared to there was a movie speed with
Keanu Reeves all right and there was a
bus and there is a bus that if it's near
the girls if it says if the speed drops
below 50 it blows up it's kinda like
China because this is this in the
economy that has a very hyper a tional
leverage right hi financial leverage
because the operation which comes from
manufacturing right okay so if the gdp
growth slows down starring the
profitability disappears and suddenly
started bleeding money very fast and
it's actually very deflationary so they
have to hope that they have a can of
ribs you can somehow get under the bus
and stop it from you know let it slow
down a bit before it completely exists
right in the remember counter we did not
want to play and speak to so is that
available so China speed three might be
a lead to disaster that's right
