entry there has been a lot of talk about
the eagle ford shale and the Marcellus
Shale what are they what do they mean
for your company's sure it fundamentally
in the oil and gas business it I'll look
at it the quest for resources is the
quest for inventory what companies want
is something that provides years of
visibility which which ultimately kind
of gets down to to the consumer you know
consumer be all the heat is home for for
multiple years in the future and shale
gas because of its its its its relative
youth you know in the oil and gas mix
you know it's very young in terms of our
producing it and kind of these different
plays the ego for the Haynesville the
bach and the Marcellus they're all plays
there you know a scattered throughout
North America that industry has been
trying to tap to kind of provide that
inventory for the future how young is
this production well the kind of shale
play that started them all is the
Barnett Shale and that's really outside
in under Fort Worth Texas people had
been producing that excuse me since the
I think 1990s but in terms of really
ramping up the volume of production that
only happened in the last decade and if
you look at the Marcellus was also a
formation I was produced in the 80s the
Appalachians worse yeah it's outside its
parts of Pennsylvania its parts of New
York parts of West Virginia and I mean
folks of course the oil business started
in Pennsylvania 150 years ago so I you
know folks are just going back to the
same rocks you know the same basins you
know that analogy is where's the best
place to find oil and gas is where
you've already found oil and gas so it's
just by using new technology and kind of
lower costs are trying to find a way to
get that gas to market now places like
the Marcels are very interesting because
they are so close to the major markets
know if you were to play shale from a
market perspective who's best positioned
in your group to sort of capitalize on
those reserves well to stay with the
theme of the upgrades yesterday I think
comment on resources which is the
largest player in the Bakken oil shale
and according to the USGS we're talking
about three to five billion barrels of
recoverable oil possible or in place and
continental has over 650,000 net acres
prospective for that if you figure it
yep that's something like a thousand of
2000 wells you know possibility being
drilled on that play not including
downspacing so now with them running 15
rigs this year drilling somewhere on the
order of a hundred wells you know that
gives you many many years of additional
inventory to provide oil to the US
market now you had mentioned this is in
proximity as close to New York City and
I know they're pretty big opponents of
exploring this area do you think that
that's going to get hung up in
regulation I mean it's the government
going to care about the water I mean
there there's certainly you know there's
no reason to do anything that that's
unsafe and I don't think anybody
Chesapeake I said that they're not going
to go into that area yeah that sounds
sounds correct i but i'm but i'm not
positive in general the oil and gas in
if he doesn't want want to hurt anybody
and damage their reputation it etc so
you know everyone is trying to find what
the best solution is but you know
fundamentally if we don't have natural
gas fracturing we probably don't have
natural gas supplies as you know the
vast majority of wells are have to be
naturally fractured it's just up the
industry and government you know and
citizens kind of work together to find
the most kind of sensible solution great
thank you Andrew sure
