andrew ahead of earnings you upgraded to
stocks yesterday what were they in why
sure the two stocks operator were
Continental Resources I took her CLR and
arena resources ticker ard upgraded both
of them from neutral to buys but did not
change our price target they're both
ironically $46 price targets the reason
I did it are twofold first of all off
you know I am fundamentally more
positive on oil stocks and then I'm on
gas stocks and these represent the last
two the oil way to companies that I
cover I when I looked at their activity
sets you know aside the fact that common
element adding hedges and I think arena
will add additional activity in 2010 I
think their activity profiles should be
more robust additionally when you
compare them to the rest of space the
stocks themselves had underperformed
over the last fall last month and
they're down ten to fifteen percent so I
felt that the combination of those two
made it the right time to upgrade when
you talk about activity you're talking
about inventory yes I when I said cavity
I'm referring to how many wells are
going to drill in their key plays and if
you lo Continental Resources their key
players the Bakken oil shale it's an oil
shale up in North Dakota and Montana and
there they're raising rig count from two
rigs last year when oil prices were down
around thirty dollars to get into 15
rigs you know this year with all our
prices close to closer to 75 to 80
dollars so outside of earnings obviously
coming up are there other catalysts
looming out there that can move your
sector yes I on the catalyst size
short-term what I think will be
important our year-end reserve reports
as we discussed earlier with the change
in pricing we're going to see how gas
companies fair with the new rules and
how oil companies differentiate
themselves as well as well we're going
to see quite a more data on economic
expansion and how the economy has kind
of held through the fourth quarter so
you had said you're more bullish on oil
than gas what would be one of your top
stock picks for 2010 yeah I mean across
the space in the oil sector you know the
continental it is definitely a very
interesting stock it's a across the
board it's more of a consensus neutral
to a short across it and I think given
their increase in activity that their
excellent balance sheet there one Louis
leverage stocks of the 14 that I cover
you know that x-ray activity potential
really sets them up to i think
outperform in 2010 current guidance is
for ten percent growth i think when you
look at their asset by asset portfolios
that they could probably do you know
almost double that growth
