Rick we saw what almost three million
foreclosures and that is even as
processing delays both from industry and
regulatory reasons spared financial end
results or year under statistics with
pink slips ranging from anywhere from
three to six months how long is it going
to take us to work down that inventory
we're going to be in this soup for a few
years we did have about 2.8 million
households receive a foreclosure notice
last year that's up twenty percent from
last year and a hundred and twenty
percent from from two years ago so we've
doubled in two years and the reality
isn't that it would have been a lot
worse except for those delays you were
mentioning so we're gonna have an
overhang of probably a half a million
homeowners who will go into foreclosure
in 2010 that would have gone in in 2009
unemployment is going to drive high
levels of foreclosure activity well
through the end of this year and we have
another batch of fairly toxic loans that
are due to reset starting at about the
midpoint of the year so 2010 will in all
likelihood set yet another record for
for foreclosure activity before things
settle down a little bit i think there's
statistics out there there's about two
million vacant home or 20 million vacant
homes with shadow inventory coming down
the pipeline does that surplus have any
silver lining to the economy at all the
surplus doesn't have a silver lining per
se but i think the the reports that
you're reading about the you know the
doomsday scenarios where all these
properties hit the market and we have a
smoking crater where the housing market
used to be are overstated most likely
scenario is that what will see that the
lending community do is very gradually
and in a very measured manner release
these properties back into the
marketplace they know that by flooding
the market they're going to damage home
prices for the rest of their portfolio
so they have some motivated
self-interest to hold things off and i
know the the administration of the
treasury department are working with the
bed
try and monitor and measure this so that
we don't have a double dip home price
I've been home prices it'll all be
predicated on how how and when those
banks can sell those homes and at what
price I mean one of the reasons we've
had these delays is because the lenders
simply can't afford to take all these
losses right now so a lot of what you're
seeing in terms of delays are either
subtle or blatant attempts to sort of
defer the losses to a later day and as
the bank's books get better I think
you'll start to see more of these
properties move given this what do you
think the downside and the valuation of
housing is for the rest of the year do
we have five percent more to fall ten
percent I think it's going i think i
know it's a cliche about real estate
being local but i think in terms of
price points you're going to see wide
local variances we really believe that
the markets going to be largely flat for
the next couple of years so you'll see
either a very very nominal drop in
prices or a very very nominal gain in
prices always some markets doing better
and worse than others I know that's you
know your basic middle-of-the-road
forecast but we don't see it we do not
see it another ten percent price
decrease at this point so you talked a
bit about unemployment I guess the
foreclosure marker generally lags that
by a year with layoffs still coming wage
cuts are we in for doomsday well it I
mean we haven't obviously I mean if you
look at it that way we haven't seen the
worst of it we haven't seen the worst of
it and and well while 2010 maybe the
record year we hope for overall
foreclosure activity we'll probably see
more physical bank repossessions in 2011
as this whole process works its way out
so so no we're not we're not at the end
of this yet The Economist that we talked
to think that you'll you'll see one new
foreclosure action for every six to ten
jobs lost eventually and and the
eventually is the key word here in terms
of how long this lasts but assuming
unemployment Peaks sometime in the first
quarter of this year we should see the
the tail end of those foreclosures
probably by the end of 2010 or the first
quarter of 2011 and then things can
start to settle down
you're thinking just more of a steady
decline flattening off towards the end
of the year what are your arguments
against double dip I know John Mauldin
is saying that David Rosenberg the
people that are that are looking at a
double-dip based on shadow inventory are
taking the absolute worst case scenario
there are about a half a million
properties the banks of repossess that
aren't on the market there are 1.1
million properties in foreclosure
there's five and a half million
delinquent loans if you add all those up
your over seven million potential
distressed properties and the scenarios
I'm reading a better all seven million
of these things hit the market is
distressed properties and if that did
happen given that that's more properties
and we're going to sell over the course
of a year we would have a smoking crater
where the housing market used to be
reality is those 500,000 properties the
banks currently have aren't going on the
market all at once of the 1.1 million
properties probably less than half of
those will ultimately go back to the
banks and of the five and a half
delinquent five and half million
delinquent properties a lot of those
will never go into foreclosure so that
that real shadow inventory is probably
more in the neighborhood of two and a
half to two point eight million
potential distressed properties and they
won't all hit the market at once there's
a lot of pent up buying activity these
properties are at price points that make
it very attractive for first-time home
buyers and investors a lot of bargains
to be had out there I think the real
gating factor in all this is when the
banks will start lending again and and
if that if that loan money is available
I do think you potentially could even
see a recovery much less a drastic fall
off in home prices in terms of mortgage
rates have housing prices fallen you
know below the mortgage where the
refinancing is not an option yeah two
two ways to look at that if you're by if
you're buying a house the interest rates
are at record lows right that's a good
thing and and the combination of that
and the price drops have been
extraordinary buying level or the
affordability levels at all time record
guys if you're buying if you're buying
right here you're a homeowner and that's
what one of the problems is with these
loans that are going to be resetting
this year in a lot of cases these
homeowners are forty fifty sixty seventy
percent upside down on loan
that they took out two or three years
ago so it's not the interest rates per
se it's the it's how far the home prices
would depreciate out in a short period
of time so they can't refinance those
they can't sell them because in most
cases they can't afford to take that
kind of loss themselves and the bank's
really aren't willing at this point to
do a principal balance reduction so it's
a it's a pretty toxic soup so when the
Fed stops buying mortgage-backed
securities in March where is that going
to do to rates that's a really good
question that that's well that's the one
that nobody has a real good answer for
it and and I guess you know I'd have to
answer the question with a question
which is if it looks like that's going
to be a calamity in the making do we
really think the feds going to kind of
stop buying those those those notes so
we'll see I know the feds going to do
everything humanly possible to keep
rates as low as humanly possible because
they they I think underestimated at the
beginning of this cycle just how
devastating a disaster in the home
market would be the overall economy and
I don't think they're going to make the
same mistake twice so in the data that
we've seen without massive government
intervention in the housing market
they're essentially wouldn't have been
at houses market is that that's still
the case if you don't qualify for an FHA
loan or a conforming loan that Freddie
Mac or Fannie Mae will buy there is no
lending going on there is no secondary
market and I think until we see the
market convinced that home prices have
stabilized which makes mortgage-backed
securities a safe investment again and
we have money coming into the secondary
market to fund jumbo loans we're going
to be in this sort of stasis mode and
everything is going to be really flat
and Nicky technical term we use for the
next couple years finally one last
question we actually posted your report
yesterday on the site and showed the
heat map if you will of where
foreclosures are happening and what
observers said from the map it's crystal
clear that Obama supporters are the
biggest deadbeats of them all thoughts
ouch no I think unfortunately your
states are twenty percent of the
foreclosure four states comprise fifty
percent of the total but but there are a
handful of other states that on a per
capita basis have much higher rates of
foreclosure Nevada one and every ten
homeowners isn't
right now that's just unprecedented I
don't think whatever your political
leanings you can really blame this on
Obama or his supporters in fact what
we're dealing with our loans that were
made before the last election and and
what the real culprit here if you're
looking to pin blame that is blamed to
go up and down the food system
homeowners who bit off more than they
could chew got into contracts they
shouldn't have Realtors and mortgage
brokers who put people into houses loans
they couldn't afford lenders who ignored
their own underwriting standards wall
street who fueled all this fire and then
the regulators who apparently were
asleep at the switch so every safeguard
in the system failed at the same time I
think I said before when the CSI
detectives get around to the corpse of
this housing market they will see Wall
Street's fingerprints all over it but
the cause of death is going to be greed
thank you Rick my pleasure
