he's apple making the same mistake all
over again gene that's the question I
watched the company almost died in the
late 90s because it was trying to
control everything seems like Google's
taking the same tack with Android that
Microsoft took with Windows working with
lots of hardware providers but you're
not concerned about it no or not and the
reasons that ultimately on these devices
people want an application it's easy to
use and I think that's one of the big
things that this environment that
they've created is just a simple
easy-to-use environment and I think that
ultimately that's the reason why Apple's
taking the right strategy by really
locking down these apps but isn't that
what it was like with the Mac as well
Mac was incredibly easy to use much more
so beloved by people and yet still it
became this niche business Microsoft IBM
and all the hardware providers went into
the corporation is they won Matt market
in this case no chance of that happening
again we don't think so and the reason
ultimately is that the app world is much
different than the application world and
ultimately people are looking for a
certain feature and at 110,000 apps you
know that really satisfies the demand
that people have for getting function
out of these phones and so I think you
have to look back and the software world
the problem was there wasn't a lot of
software applications for the Mac but in
this case we have just a plethora of
apps that are available for the iPhone
at the end of the day it's this is that
the app developers want to build on a
platform that's widely distributed and
right now the iphone platforms most
widely distributed platforms so
effectively they're able to tap in to be
a closed system but yet have a wide
adoption so you think they can maintain
that leader the early leads
extraordinary obviously yeah I think it
all comes down to that is you just you
look at that 110,000 apps that they have
compared that to 20,000 on Android one
of the keys that if you really look and
see what Apple strategy is here by
locking the phone down keeping
essentially flash off of the phone that
enables keeps applications to be
developed in flash and being ported to
other apps
I think Apple obviously understands the
power of what these apps are doing I
think the most important part here is
that they have plenty of apps right now
and that just continues to grow so
looking ahead three to five years what's
your best guess as to what say the US
smartphone market looks like where is
rim where's Google where's Apple well I
don't cover rim so I probably shouldn't
talk as much about that but I think
ultimately Apple is going to be one of
the the leaders if not the leader and if
you think about about eighteen percent
right now of phones worldwide talk about
the worldwide our smartphones and I
think that if you fast forward a few
years from now you can see Apple having
forty fifty percent share within the
smartphone market I think what I think
in it within the global market probably
closer to thirty forty percent I can
talk a little bit about how that happens
but also in terms of the second platform
is probably Android and the third is
probably rim so rim gets a lift upward
now what about nokia which right out
there a couple of years ago was the
complete elephant in the room nokia is
struggling right now and I think the at
the end of the day they just haven't had
the same innovation clearly that Google
and Apple has had great thanks gene
thank you
