you guys have a lot of media buzz in the
early years now I've kind of felt like
it fell a little bit off the radar is
that just circumstantial have you met
your consumer appeal is that out of
sympathy for everybody knows in the
marketplace yeah no I mean our consumer
appeal keeps growing our traffic in 2009
was up almost sixty percent over two
thousand eight we're now number one on
the iPhone the most downloaded real
estate app on the iPhone and number one
or number two on the web in terms of
real estate traffic so we keep growing
in leaps and bounds who are some of your
bigger competitors is it the realtor
move I'm tinge and Trulia one of the
biggest competitors is probably moved
calm which operates a site called
realtor calm they've been the category
leader for about ten years or so we've
got our sights set on them and we're
closing fast and at the traffic growth
that we're already seeing we hope to be
able to say that we're clearly number
one with in short order and what are
still owes competitive advantages the
biggest advantage of Zillow is that we
focus on all homes not just those that
are for sale so we've got a database of
every home in the country we produce
what we call a zestimate which is a home
valuation on almost every home in the
country three times a week we also have
four million homes for sale and rentals
as well and lots of other information
but focusing on all homes not just those
that are for sale makes Zilla very
different than other real estate sites
there's the make me move function is
that specific to Zillow it is so we have
about 150,000 make me move homes and
those are homes where the owners come in
and claim the home and post it sort of a
dream price for their home and you know
we hear every day about homes that gets
all that that make me move price so talk
about on advertising front to Zillow
still have an audience or a platform
that is attractive to advertisers yeah
it's it's very attractive so we sell our
own ads to national advertisers as well
as to individual local real estate
agents and mortgage brokers and we sell
graphical ads and we also sell
subscription on a zip code bases to
individual real estate agents now how
did the advertising market fair last
year well as you know the overall
advertising market
was pretty bad last year but our revenue
was up sixty-five percent year-over-year
2009 2008 so we continue to grow very
quickly and very pleased with how we
ended up do you see that expanding
through this next year yes growing the
2010 is actually off to a great start
and I think not just at Zillow but I
think there's a lot of optimism around
online advertising and I'm getting a lot
of positive signals out of the online
advertising space great so what's next
for zillow are we gonna see an IPO any
time soon I don't think you see an IPO
in 2010 I think optimistically it's
possible in 2011 but what's next for
zillow would be profitability and then
at some point in my p.o great so is that
it within reach this next year cash flow
positive i I think that's within reach i
think you know it depends on on how the
stars align great so one last question
your value proposition to your customers
when you initially started this business
what was it and how have you seen that
girl um when we initially started the
business it was about providing real
estate information and empowering the
consumer with lots of tools letting them
be in control of the process and that
really hasn't changed its expanded to
include rentals and mobile applications
and lending we now have a mortgage
marketplace where borrowers are in
control but the overall value
proposition of putting power in the
hands of the consumer really hasn't
changed great thank you
