welcome back to our holiday special at
the Business Insider we're going to be
discussing some of the big themes of the
year i'm joined with my colleague and
partner john carney so let's get right
off to a John alright it's absolutely
crazy here let's just like what's that
what's the big story surprise of the
year big story is the reversal of
expectations that for one thing the
market brand totally contrary to what
everybody said was going to happen and
now everybody's expectations are totally
flipped from what they were a year ago
so it's the this was 2009 was the year
of the great reversal in what lemon what
were we talking about back in March what
everybody thought the world was ending
including us we thought it too we were
you know people who were stocking up on
guns gun sales were shooting through the
roof people were talking about you know
oh you know how much water do you have
to have in your apartment to survive if
the if the water system shuts down it
was epic end of the earth time and then
the market proved that everybody's an
idiot nobody knew what was going to
happen and it just shot right up for
most of the year we've hit a slump now
but for most of the year it was a the a
tremendous rally that everybody badmouth
from the very beginning as soon as it
started everybody said uh you know the
last a month it's a sucker's rare i get
a lot take a profit yeah exactly and
including a lot of the smartest people
who saw the collapse coming right and
they couldn't appreciate when it's or
not and what do you know what are some
theories I mean I guess the big one is
fed liquidity and the actions of Ben
Bernanke just absolute pushing dollars
in every corner of the world I'd yeah
I'd seems to be the big they get a point
the one thing I think that the quiddity
you know helped fuel a massive uh demand
for people to you know use those dollars
to go out and do some I also think that
there was
the things they kind of an unspoken uh
thing that happened this year's with all
the unemployment happening people
weren't starting new businesses so money
that could have been you know put into
somebody you know founding a new company
uh instead just went into the stock
market I think that helps do it too so
let's not real quickly what do you think
the what what's the consensus now and
what everyone so this is now seems lazy
see yeah it seems to be that there's
we're gonna have a few more up months
and then sometime in the mid you know it
depends the the more aggressive bear say
you know Oh it'll be first quarter you
know sometime then things will drop off
some people say no no the rally will ask
to the summer yeah everybody believes in
a million research reports and like
things will be good for a while with a
few more months and then the tightening
will begin right and Ben Bernanke's
going to have to act to stave off
inflation that's gonna kick right it'll
either be net Bernanke a foreign crisis
you know there that the causes are over
determined but everybody thinks sometime
2010 and of course everyone thinks
they're gonna be smart enough to sell
when that happens right you know cuz
there's no these classes like well we
know are a little bit of a bubble or
something but you have to keep riding it
out just the key to make sure that you
definitely sell right what they say yeah
we might be slightly early gonna be you
know is if there really are going to
ring a bell and it's gonna be really
obvious right exactly that that it'll
just happen I mean what will really
happen is the market will do some will
do something again that nobody expects
either it will keep going up and it will
again be the most hated Rhett the second
most hated rally ever or it will start
to go down too early for people and
they'll say oh well but this isn't the
downturn yeah right this is you know
don't get out now because it's going to
go up a little more and it what what all
this proves is that people who think
that they can time the stock market but
they know the direction it's going to go
over any short-term period are just
wrong nobody gets it right and it's
probably you know this is a great lesson
in that for the investors everywhere to
learn and then real quickly just sort of
what you know what let's talk about a
few of the big risks for I mean I think
sovereign defaults is a huge risk has
become in like the last two weeks that's
all anyone right
well it started with Dubai right and
that focused everybody's attention now
we're really saying Greece but you have
spain italy the these countries near
large bodies of water i guess you know i
well I guess that's all countries but
you you really want to right now there's
this very strong chance because one
thing that governments did very poorly
during the boom years was put in any
fiscal discipline they all had deficit
spending when their economies were going
great so once the economy started to
tank and they had to ramp up the debt
that is it has become you know a sort of
destruction and a massive economic scale
and there's no way for them to get out
of it so I i think the sovereign debt is
probably one of the big crisis is the
other will be accounting scandals we're
going to have a lot more accounting
scandals and that also tends to SAP
confidence in markets you know it's the
old Warren Buffett line when the tide
goes out you see who's been swimming
naked I think we're not going to see
accounting scandals justing companies
but entire countries we don't know sort
of how the chinese gdp how accurate is
that calculated in right if we start to
get some indications that those things
are phony investors may panic pull their
money out and we may have nation states
turn into Enron or World Cup let's hope
not anyway thanks for talking to me
thanks for having me yeah and have a
great new year Anna will be back
