it's a tough balance if you're a Wall
Street firm this holiday season you
certainly want to acknowledge the
festivities on the other hand you don't
want to acknowledge them too much and
draw attention the fact that you're
paying yourselves massive bonuses while
ten percent of the country's out of work
Courtney Comstock you went around every
major Wall Street firm tried to assess
who got it right this holiday season
start at the bottom of your list who
completely blew it Goldman completely
blew it they didn't give any decorations
they gave no recognition and it's even a
holiday season this is visible to you it
was it's possible inside maybe there's
no I did ask and they said that there
are no decorations I asked a security
guard and he said as of now no
decorations whatsoever so I gave him a
d-minus because it's the holiday season
and we don't want to be giving anybody
enough and so do you think this is a
sort of a Goldman attempt to understate
things yeah the fact that the firm has
been wildly in the press cancel
Christmas and I think this is just
another way emphasize it yeah step up
from go yeah so next next worst to
Goldman in my opinion was Merrill Lynch
they did a pretty good job with their
decorations but what I had an issue with
is that they separated but you walk in
and you see the Christmas tree when you
get the lobby and then in a completely
separate location they have the Hanukkah
menorah and I was like some segregation
on Christmas no this is togetherness
everything should be in one location I
thought that was a little weird and
funny and sex so nice stuff running up
the escalator politically uncorrect
trampling yeah I mean I'm just kind of
pulling our legs all right three um next
I had bank of america which they get
props for having the biggest tree by far
the biggest like huge Christmas tree
that's been dead turkey yeah exactly but
it was a little that's the only thing
that was in the lobby just the Christmas
tree and I thought I thought they mean
their Lobby is really big and nice and
they could have done a much better job
of it great so they get a so they get a
safe they get to see okay so we're
getting into passable at this point yeah
gentlemen surpassing all right knocking
so who did whale who did really well was
brown brothers as soon as I pulled up to
their bill or walked into their building
I noticed it was really tasteful just
really gorgeous lights really nice tree
just everything was done impeccably I
was really impressed very in keeping
with the classiness yeah very good
clientele absolutely well so they get a
B so no they couldn't they were awesome
excellent and one better however even
yeah I mean by far like the one to be is
absolutely you vs like you vs was
insanely insanely huge they if you go to
the building on Park Avenue they have a
display of these robot toy soldiers and
some of them rotate and they're all
singing at you they're singing with that
song it's we wish you we wish you Merry
Christmas exactly so they're singing
that at you and then another building
and also UBS they've installed these the
Christmas forests and they have water
and in the button the base and then just
so many Christmas trees are all
individually lid which must have just
taken so much effort the effect is
really nice and so UBS gas yeah they are
a plus a for all they are the ones to be
next year well don't see you vs finally
got something right it's very glad to
say thank you Cory you're welcome
