so Jeremy how important is the mobile
strategy at Yelp for the overall
business model it seems to go hand in
hand with the location-based service
yeah for the content that we provide
which is sort of this reputation of
particular small business it's extremely
valuable when you're on the go so you
know when you're traveling when you're
in an unfamiliar neighborhood
neighborhood to be able to pull up your
phone and find great recommendations go
to the perfect hotspot get the service
that you're looking for is so key and so
from the very beginning we've been
pretty focused on mobile we had a
website or before all the smartphones
became all the rage and then we were
there at the iphone app store launch and
we've had a lot of traction with that we
now have over a million unique device is
just on iphone alone that are tapping
into Yelp every single month that's not
downloads that's actual users every
month so we've seen a lot of success
there and we continue to invest heavily
in that part of our business what
percentage of your overall traffic that
is mobile it's still relatively small
minority because we have tremendous
distribution on the web so we're north
of 26 million unique visitors a month so
that's a lot but you know we're
certainly seeing interesting numbers and
really rapid growth on the mobile side
so what are the I mean how is your
strategy evolving there what can we see
in the future come to mobile free help I
think a big part of our strategy there
lately has been the platform expansion
so just the other day in fact we
launched on Android which we have been
getting more and more demand for as the
platform has become more popular and
more phones have come out and so the
response that's been really great and so
we're going to get up keep expanding the
the software that we have on those
different platforms so right now it's
pretty basic for instance on Android
it's pretty much just a read-only
application so you can read reviews but
you can't contribute and so getting some
of those contribution features going is
a high priority for us so high priority
maybe capitalizing on the networking
effects of save logging in through
Facebook or through Twitter and being
able to upload your review that way yeah
so we we do
away on the website to connect to
facebook to connect to twitter to
publisher reviews and so bringing some
of that to the phone so when you add a
photo for instance or you add a tip that
that gets published is also interesting
and so I think you know we'll provide
that in the future so there's a lot of
opportunity there as far as doing
something on mobile and having it
broadcast out to all the different
places you might want to publish great
thank you thanks
