Jeremy Stoppelman with us eeo of yelp
Jeremy you've got great distribution
channels great content how do you know
how much live foot traffic you're
driving to say your local partners or
local businesses is there a metric that
you follow is there a way that you can
audit that trail certainly there is
information that we capture on the
website so for instance any local
business can claim and unlock their page
on Yelp and in doing so you get access
to how many views your business page has
been seen if you're an advertiser we
also give you click information and then
for a lot of businesses they're actually
used to asking customers hey how did you
find me so when you go to that doctor's
office they have that little line on the
forms that says you know who referred
you and so people put down yelps that's
another mechanism out there there's some
newer channels or newer mechanisms that
people have been experimenting with for
instance changing the phone number to a
tracking phone number and we've been
doing some experimentation with that we
have in the past but that's less common
than sort of the old-fashioned way of
asking your customers so is there a way
for them to get more information about
their customers in terms of
profitability or how many times a year
they come any sort of metric like that
outside of what you just talked about
yeah for right now the main way to
analyze your customer bases is doing it
the old-fashioned way so if you have a
customer list you know certainly that
person comes in they make purchases you
know you can keep track of that on your
own but it's very much a manual process
okay so are you thinking about recording
or capturing that data in terms of
monetizing that network effect I know
that there are companies out there like
gowalla and Foursquare that are sort of
doing that are you thinking about that
in terms of the evolving business model
and offering that to your partners I
mean I think it's a it's an interesting
concept how many people come in the door
and say check-in but I think what you're
seeing out there is that a minority of
people are going to be willing to walk
in the door and
check in every time and so while it's
useful information to that business is
not necessarily all customers that have
ever walked in so you know it's another
data point and I think that'll be
valuable and it's an interesting
innovation but it doesn't necessarily
you know track every single person in in
the door okay I know you're working with
flixster in terms of updating movie
times and whatnot is there an open table
partnership in the works being able to
just go online and you know through your
mobile app on Yelp you know also get
reservations at restaurants yeah I think
that's a natural integration point for
us you know whether it's open table or
whether it's another reservation
provider a ticket provider we've been
looking at a lot of those potential
partnerships and so I think in the
coming years will certainly see some of
those come together great so finally
thoughts on citysearch haha is it dead I
think you know it's a huge market out
there we've got a great position we're
really excited about what yelps been
doing is the traction that we have and
we really I think I pulled away is the
content leaders and local and so that's
given us a lot of strength but it's not
to say that other models are not going
to be successful of course thank you
