lots of questions from readers this
morning thank you for responding so
quickly we didn't get the notice up as
quickly as we usually do first question
is amazon overvalued at a hundred and
forty dollars a share obviously this is
a stock that I've been watching for a
long time i should say up front that i
own it i bought it in 1999 and have been
carrying it around often a painful
carrying around but the answer is i
actually probably think it is at this
level i think that analysts are
generally much too optimistic about the
kindle the information we're getting is
basically that publishers are not
willing to suddenly slash prices on
books newspapers are not all that
interested in building for the kindle
and so forth so it's off to a great
buzzy start but everyone is just
delirious about how much money
ultimately amazon is going to make on
the kindle we are very skeptical about
that long term I think Amazon's in a
great position but between the kindle
and the fact that half the business is
still dependent on the physical sale of
books and other things that are rapidly
getting digitized i think there are many
issues there what is the future of AOL
or what do i think the future is i think
they have a chance at this point
actually i think there is a good core
idea in AOL i think tim armstrong is
doing a great job of managing the
expectations around this i think
unfortunately cutting a lot of people
was the right move here to get the cost
structure in line i suspect that he will
sell off a lot of businesses like
mapquest maybe icq maybe advertising.com
and ultimately narrow it down to this
really core engine of isp portal
spraying traffic at a content creation
engine i think he'll probably by
associated content or build that sort of
platform and that there is really a
business there and then ultimately
within a year or two AOL has to be
merged with either msn yahoo or possibly
even google which is very unlikely
because i just don't see room for four
players so but i think from this level
they have they have chopped down the
expectations so much that i'm actually
opt
mystic about what can happen there why
are we using live stream even though we
get a ton of complaints about it lots of
reasoning here first live stream has
been a great partner they really helped
us work through this the main reason
that we started with live stream is that
they actually do live to tape and right
up on the internet very very well that's
something that a lot of other companies
that offer internet video solutions
don't we are certainly looking at a lot
of others our main concern that in that
is you and we have obviously heard the
complaints from the beginning about the
consistency of live streams so we will
continue to work on that and ultimately
will either fix it or will have a
different solution but they have been a
great partner thus far lots of
suggestions and questions about the site
this morning and in fact they were so
good that what I want to do is actually
have a you ask and we answer or at least
we discuss next week focus just on the
site where we'll announce it ahead of
time bring us all of your complaints and
suggestions and things like that but
I've tried to answer a lot of the
specific questions in the comments this
morning so please take a look at those
if you want I'll link this post to those
so you'll be able to see it but we will
do a dedicated section on the site next
week have a great weekend
