lots of happy anecdotes about online
advertising display in recent months
really in Patrick keen of associated
content what are you seeing well I mean
it's been a great summer in we're really
enthusiastic about the fall so far i
would say in january it was pretty bleak
it was pretty bleak for display it was
pretty bleak in terms of audience i
think for advertisers but we've seen a
pretty market increase in RFPs in agency
interest and i would just say over the
past sort of three to four months so i'm
definitely encouraged by that of course
so what about looking at it next year
key ones always challenging this is now
the time that people are starting to
talk about q1 what do you see there q1 I
mean we do have a fair degree of
visibility to q1 we're fortunate we're
seeing a lot of repeat business by
advertisers and a lot of renewals so
we're actually pretty confident into the
first quarter second quarter we'll see
but you know end of year this fall has
been as good as we've ever seen in our
business and I'm encouraged by that I
know you know in previous businesses i
was at CBS and others you know they were
very trying times at the end of last
year it wasn't just sort of the economic
malaise but just sort of his display
working is this unique how do I couple
it with traditional media which is very
different from where I sit today but I'm
really seeing the market come around
right now for sure and is display
working this the question a lot of
people are struggling with you've seen
huge success with Google lots of
advertisers have now glommed onto that
said look it's so accountable whereas
display is just out there this whatever
we have no idea what's going on so do
you feel like that's changing I feel
like there's been real revolution and
display or at least the start of it are
you seeing that as well well yeah I mean
I think that that there there are a lot
of advertisers that are looking for sort
of the richness of opportunity rich
media the ability to own more screen
real estate all of those things but I'll
still say today that search and the
accountability of searches put
tremendous pressure on display click
through rate is a metric that is useless
to me engagement as a metric that's
useless to me as an advertiser are we
achieving your objectives
think that's the most important thing to
look at but search is putting so much
pressure on display today that click
through as a metric that that you use a
publisher if you're trying to claim that
you're not analyzing click through and
trying to give your advertiser and
experience to drive more audience into
the creative that they're creating then
you're in the wrong game but I think
that there still is a need for a lot of
innovation and display particularly on
the creative side I still think that
there's a real hole and creative on the
web today and that needs to be filled
you know then this is coming from a guy
who sold 95 characters of text for four
and a half years which I would argue you
can be creative in as well but I
personally when I look at my inventory I
like advertising the combined search and
display that brings the accountability
of search to display is something that
we're winning in today and I think we'll
continue to win so talk more about that
creative what is display if it continues
to work what does it look like in three
to five years what is the innovation
what is good creative for this blood
well I mean I still think as much as no
one wants to talk about click through
and would want to move away from that I
think that you need units that provide
some level of interaction and I don't
mean just simply mousing over and
getting an expandable unit or you know
is it creating an e-commerce opportunity
right within a piece of discipline
inventory you know I also come from the
school of advertising as an objective is
to sell a product or service so whether
you're trying to move steel or you're in
an automotive OEM or you're trying to
move packages and boxes of cereal you
still are measured against your ability
to sell so I think some level of
interactivity in units is going to be
absolutely necessary I mean you can take
over page you can have page interruption
you can have video inventory but if you
don't allow for a user to interact with
that unit I think you're really missing
because it still is the opportunity to
measure those kinds of things today and
that's why again i love search that
drives into more display units so
totally different type of advertising
but do you feel like the huge dollars
that are still spent on television on
magazines on newspapers even after this
crash are they going to migrate into
online display or are they going to
disappear or are they going to go into
search or online classified something
else well I mean I would hope and this
hasn't been the case as we know over the
years I would hope that that advertisers
follow audience
if you look at the circulation of most
of the dead tree folks that is really
not kind of where the world is today so
I would really like to see advertisers
follow audience there's still such a
tremendous disconnect with the amount of
time that users are spending online and
the dollars that agencies and
advertisers are devoting to the medium
and that disconnect has to change it's
been in my opinion incredibly slow
hasn't been for search as we know search
is now forty to fifty percent of all
online advertising that's not going to
change I really do think that the
performance of search is going to go up
we just need in my opinion display to
look a little bit more like search to
have that kind of measure ability and to
drive into experiences that are more
measurable for advertisers and I look at
our business we really try to provide a
truly measurable ROI driven and
accountable platform for brand
advertisers and that's our story we're
sticking to it and it's working pretty
well great good luck thank you
