it was a typically boring hearing
yesterday on Capitol Hill until two
congressmen assaulted Tim Geithner one
saying he has lost the support of the
American public the other saying he
should resign why were they saying this
why is the Geithner hate reaching a peak
now a full year after he reamed the US
taxpayers to save his buddies on Wall
Street well because a year ago the whole
world looked like it was ending so
nobody wanted to focus on the details
but now the world has ended for Main
Street ten percent unemployment worse 30
years meanwhile on Wall Street it's the
best ever so how can you have that
dichotomy you can't is the answer
Americans are mad as hell and Congress
is not going to take it anymore and
they're taking out on secretary tim so
what's the prognosis for the Treasury
secretary well as you know we have a
Geithner to Goldman clock that is
tracking the hours minutes and seconds
until Tim Geithner takes his rightful
place of Goldman Sachs we're projecting
it that'll be in 2012 or so we actually
now think mr. Geiser will be leaving
office earlier who would stay in that
job having to listen to annoying
congressman bitch at you all day
especially when you're making chicken
feed public servant wages and you have a
house to sell and family to feed why not
go take a nice seat on Wall Street but
the complicating factor is that even now
the anger is so high at both Tim
Geithner and at Goldman Sachs that it
would be almost impossible we think for
him to jump directly to Goldman Sachs so
we expect that when he does leave he
will go to a private equity firm and
twiddle his thumbs for a little while
before he takes that Goldman job which
we still think we'll be in 2012 does
Geithner deserve all the hate that he's
getting right now and the crap he's
getting in these public beatings yes in
a way we think that in fact he escaped
unscathed last fall with the AIG bailout
and other things and people have more
thing
is more important things to focus on and
now everyone is finally realizing just
how much of a gift was given to some
shareholders and some companies at the
expense of taxpayers how it could have
been handled better so we do think that
Tim Geithner bears some responsibility
for that not all of it but the
frustration that is coming to 4 is
definitely justified and we will be very
curious to see how long Tim with stands
it he certainly survived a brush with
death after first being appointed to
office perhaps this will blow over as
well but we're keeping our Geithner to
Goldman clock set for 2012
