welcome to TV I live today we're here
talking about the big news at AOL this
morning Tim Armstrong and now said to be
letting go about third of the staff or
2,500 employees and a move that's
supposed to save the company about three
hundred million dollars now while the
move was expected it still seemed to
have caught AOL employees off guard a
lot of them are saying that they're
shocked but perhaps they shouldn't be
Nick well I think they're shocked
because it's always surprising when your
company goes through layoffs but I think
also there was a report about a week ago
that they'd cut fifteen hundred or a
thousand people but we pretty much
always figured all along they needed to
cut about 2,000 people if not more and
why why did they have to get rid of that
many people well a couple reasons I mean
the big one is that al is going to be a
different kind of company going forward
it's it's it that they're a content
production company sort of in the vein
of Gawker Media except a lot bigger so
Gawker has nine sites and their HR their
sales their editorial it's all about 140
people so if you extrapolate that over
you know the hundred sites that AOL has
that's about 1,700 people I mean that's
just a rough estimate but it gives you
an idea of how many more people AOL has
right now then it needs to run that kind
of business and then to that end we've
heard talk that there was going to be a
limitation of sort of their photo
department because that's just not
something that's necessary and sort of
vlogging kind of media business that's a
that's it that's it that's a good sort
of way to look at it it's like you see
they're getting rid of all these
editorial photo journalists and photo
editors and they're gonna ask their
content writers to just hey find a photo
put it on site you know a lot cheaper
that way that's what we do it that's
what a lot of smaller upstart companies
do so you've also heard about what the
severance packages are shaping up like
for the employees yeah let me go to my
notes yeah so okay so for the senior
vice-president level it's going to be
the what's interesting is they're
getting the whole thing about this whole
layoffs is it's a voluntary layoff
program so they're trying to incentivize
people to quit on their own ahead of the
company's spin-off so they have to let
them know about December
so if you let you all know that you're
going to quit before december fourth and
you're a senior vice president you get
nine months severance healthcare and
outplacement services if you don't let
them know and you end up getting canned
in q1 then you only get four months
severance so for vice-presidents it's
six months versus four months for the
director level it's four months versus
two months and for the sub director
level it's three months versus one month
and you were saying or have you heard do
you think that people are going to be
taking these buyouts what is your
feeling on this yeah I mean I've heard
I've heard it both ways you know so i
think i've heard some from actually from
the content side people are like saying
you know this isn't that attractive I
mean also if you look at it people in
media it's not exactly a great job
market out there anyway so a lot of them
are like oh I'm going to stay here but i
have heard other people saying this is a
pretty good offer AOL seems kind of like
a mess this makes you feel like it's a
mess because it's another layoff I'm out
of here you know so Andy and you know
another sort of strategy for this this
buyout strategy is that it um it kind of
gets people to who are what willing to
bet against AOL out of the company which
makes a lot of sense you know so if you
stay with the company you're going to
get stock in AOL after the spin-off you
know and if you don't get laid off you
know you're you're working for a company
and you have stock in it and that
presumably you think it's going to go up
and that's why you're there but if you
know if you're a senior vice president
you've been there for years you think
the strategy is not going to work this
is your way of saying you know what I'd
rather just have an extra you know five
months to find a new job or just collect
two paychecks then take a 0 l stock
though it's getting rid of some dead
wood people who don't believe in the
strategy which is smart you know and I
also you have to applaud Tim for cutting
so deep so fast I mean a lot of times
the worst thing to do is to do this drip
drip drip strategy we're not cutting
deep enough fast enough and this way you
get it done you get it over with him and
it's collaborative the employees get to
participate so I think it's pretty
pretty well handled
you
