welcome back to you ask we answer where
we take your questions off the web and
off Twitter and answer them on video i'm
dan frommer today the first question
comes from Karate Kid he or she wants to
know why should i buy an apple tablet if
I already have an iphone and a cheap
laptop that's an excellent question of
course for those of you who've been
living under a rock the apple tablet is
supposedly what we've been calling a big
ipod touch that's supposed to come out
sometime next year you know the frank
answer is you probably won't a lot of
people most people probably won't buy an
apple tablet i don't think it's going to
be something that's going to sell nearly
as fast as the ipod touch or the iphone
simply because of its price it's
probably going to be expensive 700 800
900 bucks however i think it will sell
to you know a group of people that
includes people who take long flights
and or short flights and don't
necessarily want to have their laptop
out the whole time people who thought
about buying a kindle who wants
something to read but don't necessarily
want to be locked down with something
that only does one thing well the kindle
of course has that e-ink screen that's
really good for reading novels but if
that's the day and that's cool if that's
the only thing you want to do with it
but if you want to sometimes play games
and read the web and do other stuff the
kindle is not ideal for that so i think
there's a there's a niche for now people
who might buy the apple tablet somewhere
the intersection between people who are
buying netbooks who have a little more
money they would spend on on a more
expensive netbook if there were one on
the market and also people who are
buying ipod touches and stuff like that
the apple fanatics you know will
probably buy maybe you know up to a
million of anything that Apple comes out
with so even if that rate it's not going
to be a big revenue generator for Apple
especially compared to the iphone but i
don't know if that's what they're
pushing it for i think that you know
right now it'll probably out solve some
macs and probably will you know be
outsold by a lot of other things Apple
makes a couple more questions about the
tablet real quick what do you think the
battery life will be like and how
durable will it be battery life you know
obviously it's not going to last too
long but I think apples made some big
advances in battery technology recently
if you look at their laptops they're all
self-contained now they last a lot
longer than the
too I think the goal would probably be
four to five hours like a cross-country
plane ride without having to charge it
how durable it be this is very important
you've seen a lot of pictures online at
people's iphone screens being cracked
this is a much larger screen will
probably also be glass so they have to
make sure it's durable or they have to
make sure you got a case for it or
something because that's the last thing
you want to drop it in your in your bag
and have it shatter okay next question
this comes from Alaska Miller our own
Alaska Miller what's the most exciting
startup in new york city this winter who
has the most interesting business model
you know there's a lot of cool startups
here right now but I think the one that
kind of answers both of those questions
very well is foursquare which recently
closed a round of funding from O'Reilly
tech ventures and union square ventures
Foursquare if you don't know is kind of
the convergence of mobile social
networking location base and basically
what it does is lets you see where your
friends are which bar there at where
they're shopping etc it also lets you
pop out your foursquare app wherever you
are and see what your friends like
nearby where they've been checking in
lately and things like that and that
provides an interesting business model
you know mobile ad networks and kind of
everyone has been trying to figure out
how to make location a part of the
advertising equation because it can lead
to higher ad rates and better targeting
and things like that this is a company I
think that has a good product an
interested user base and is big in key
places like New York where location can
really make a big difference this is
something that Facebook has stayed away
from and Twitter until recently has kind
of stayed away from location too so they
might get some competition from those
two big guys but so far Foursquare has
really good buzzin and a really
potentially interesting business model
the next question from Peter AKA sling
is the domain which ends in dot mobi
worth buying are the mobile websites
using it or is it a waste of money at
this point for almost every company I
think dot mobi is a waste of money it
was introduced about three or four years
ago as a way to quickly go on your cell
phone to a mobile website for
you know any company like Google was one
of the first companies that put their
name behind it they said they would use
Google dot mobi two things have happened
since then first of all people realize
that it's not very easy to use the web
on a phone that doesn't have a accordi
keyboard or a virtual keyboard anyway
and those people still aren't using the
web on their phone much so the idea of a
shortcut or something like that doesn't
really make sense really on the server
side is where that's going if a web
server sees you're coming from a cell
phone and there's a mobile version of
that site available that's generally the
way it's been working so far you know if
you go to google com on your cell phone
you know at least on an older phone it's
not going to take you to a full version
of the site the other thing that's
happened in the meantime is that phones
have gotten much better browsers if you
look at the iphone and you know even new
stuff from palm the android devices and
and maybe someday the blackberry the
browser's on those phones are not only
capable of visiting the full version of
the site but also kind of a middle
version it's tailored to those devices
so dot mobi you know i never thought it
was a good idea and i haven't seen it
anywhere so i guess it hasn't taken off
what do you think apple is planning to
do with the boatload of cash reserves it
has it can't all be for a rainy day fund
can it asks been red beard great
question it's one of the excellent
unanswered questions of all times such
as how does the post office get so many
rubber bands etc what is Apple gonna do
it it's cash I don't know you know there
may be some huge acquisition it's eyeing
something like Nintendo or something
like that that's kind of crazy who knows
but really it's not hurting Apple to
have all this cash it's not like it's
you know gonna go to waste sitting there
if they need to some day they could do a
big dividend and give it back to
shareholders but I think Apple you know
that they're they're not known for
making big acquisitions if you look at
who they bought recently p a semi and
you know some mapping technology
companies they buy stuffed it kind of
fits in with what they already have I
don't think they're going to go after
someone big like Adobe so yeah we'll see
what happens with Apple cash glass
hammer asks do you or anyone else at sa
I play online poker I have to say I have
not played it for a year
and the reason is that because it's I
guess illegal so it's really hard to
find a site that works and be get your
cash in and out so for that convenience
sake no I haven't touched in a long time
I should be able to though this is kind
of ridiculous I mean people play poker
online they play poker in person let's
get over the fact that it's you know
some sort of gambling thing and legalize
this make it easy to use you know have
some sort of counseling or treatment for
addicts and tax the hell out of it you
this is something that should be online
and the last question is what's the most
you've been paid to be a Belushi
impersonator at parties that I can't say
but it's more than 20 bucks thanks for
watching you ask we answer will be back
next week with more and you can always
add your questions to our website look
the day before on Mondays for a way to
add them
