we live in a time in the United States
where everybody is busy whether you're a
congressman or you're a single mom with
a couple of kids working a swing shift
we're all scrambling now living under a
lot of stress a lot of anxiety the
practice of mindfulness is paying
attention to the present moments while
your mind may try to go to the past or
the future you try to discipline your
mind and to increase your awareness of
the present moment what's going on
around you but also what's going on
inside of you
so you can better understand your own
habits your own emotional states and the
benefits are remarkable and being proven
more and more each day by the research
they reduce stress increase focus keep
you healthier because it boosts your
immune system make better decisions in
2008 Tim Ryan signed up for a
mindfulness retreat hoping to get a
break from his exhausting schedule as a
three-term congressman in Ohio it really
is a profound experience to start to see
what happens when you don't have your
cell phone you're not writing letters or
doing anything for work and some of
these retreats you don't even you don't
even talk over the course of a few days
you know you think of a gallon milk jug
with sand and water and then you shake
it up and it's you know you can't really
see it's blurry but you set it on the
table and over time all the sand will
settle to the bottom that's kind of what
happens to your own mind it's just your
mind begins to settle and you don't even
realize how much the voice in your head
is constantly going and how tiring it
could that can be Kobe Bryant and LeBron
James and Michael Jordan and all of
these people many CEOs across the
country are using these kind of
practices because they're very simple
but very very powerful Brian realized
that a space for contemplative practice
in daily life was missing not just on
Capitol Hill but also in his community
so he set out to change that now there
is a quiet time caucus every Monday that
he often leads before Congress votes and
he has raised over 3.6 million dollars
in funding from mindfulness research in
programs that earns are getting off you
know sometimes eight or ten medications
because they've started to do some of
these practices that have helped them
deal with their post-traumatic stress in
a healthier way so that reduces the cost
at the VA for what we have to pay in
medication but it also gets these vets
their life back it's been great for
school kids they live in violent homes
violent neighborhoods practices like
mindfulness help them get out of the
fight-or-flight response and be able to
access parts of their brain that allow
them to make better decisions allow them
to focus and pay attention and it
increases their cognitive abilities the
best advice I could give is just you
know just start set an alarm for five
minutes and just turn the TV off and
turn the radio off and turn every
electronic device you have often just
literally spent five minutes in quiet by
just doing it a few minutes everyday
that you will start to respond to things
as opposed to react to things and just
get a little bit more space between
something happening to you and how you
react to it
you
