this is you ask we answer and let's get
started with the questions you sent to
us very first question is if people are
willing to sell gold silver etc four
dollars is a dollar really in so much
trouble this is a version of the classic
traders dilemma if somebody is willing
to sell you something shouldn't you be
suspicious that maybe you shouldn't be
buying it the fact is we all have
different theories about the direction
the market is going and beyond that we
have different timelines in which to our
liquidity demands shift so the fact that
somebody's willing to sell you something
doesn't mean you shouldn't buy it and in
this case the fact that people are
willing to sell gold four dollars is not
really an indication of the dollar
strength second question comes from Sam
depres he says is it correct that by
selling more Treasury bonds the
government is actually supporting the
dollar since foreigners buzz five
dollars first and then go buy Treasuries
there's something to this and clearly
selling the dollar denominated assets
whether they're US Treasuries bonds sold
by foreign governments that are also
sold in dollar denominations does
support the dollar to an extent the
problem is over the long term selling
lots of us treasuries creates pressure
on the dollar because people suspect
that the government will have to inflate
its way out of the massive amount of
debt right now in fact we have a kind of
reversal of the usual system the Fed is
actually buying Treasuries which means
it is pumping more dollars into the
system and taking Treasuries out of the
system what that means is that selling
more Treasuries and then forcing the Fed
to come in and buy it it's actually
probably undermining the dollar next one
from Brent he wants to know do we think
that online poker should be regulated by
the US government absolutely not nothing
about the US government would make it a
good regulator of on
nine poker they're not very good at
regulating very much online at all
online gambling seems a kind of crazy
thing to try to involve the US
government in it would be far better
handled by States local municipalities
and probably left on its own I should
add that the biggest proponents of
wanting to regulate online gambling are
of course the casinos they want it to be
stomped out so that you have to go spend
your money in the in their shops rather
than be able to do it online let's not
let the special-interest win this one
how would you describe both your
political and economic meanings asks our
commenters see you writer well I'm glad
that you asked that I'm a reactionary
decadent anarchist if you want to know
what that means tune in next week and
ask the question what is a reactionary
decadent anarchist Gordon asks do you
think you are getting an adequate return
on investment on your Penn law degree
working at the Business Insider big
question Gordon the answer is certainly
yes I was getting a slightly higher will
much higher pay level when I back when I
was a corporate lawyer but I was nowhere
near as happy could I have done this
without my pen law degree well my
experience being a lawyer informs my
reporting and also provided me with
access to a lot of the people who I talk
to to get our stories so yeah I think
the rate of return is a pretty good next
if the Sherman Act were to be invoked
preserved presumably to regulate the
banks who would lead that Treasury
justice it would be the Justice
Department which is actually a good
reason not to invoke it the Justice
Department is not really equipped to
regulate the banking industry that's not
the way they look at things so we
probably don't want to start bringing in
the sherman act as a sort of easy way of
trying to break up the too-big-to-fail
banks finally who would have won in a
fight Adam Smith or Superman
at first I thought that answer this
would be easy Adam Smith after all
Superman's not a real person so he can't
win a fight then again Adam Smith is
dead so it'll be hard for him to win a
fight I give it to a tie thank you this
has been you ask we answer we thank you
for tuning in watching us asking the
questions and we thank our sponsor
research in motion the maker of the
blackberry
