every day there are more signs that the
recession is a thing of the past five
that jumped out of us over the last 24
hours let's count them up from five
number five AIG CEO Robert Benmosche
remember him he is the gentleman who
last summer was proud to take Reuters on
a tour of his Croatian villa in which he
announced when he got to the bathroom
that the bathroom's decor drives women
wild which Reuters was happy to bring to
you anyway Robert ever the blusterer is
now threatening to quit his new CEO job
at AIG because the strictures the
government has placed on his ability to
make money for his shareholders are
simply outrageous he's mad as hell he
won't take it anymore the board was
shocked by this delivered the message to
Washington back off or else so the CEO
culture is back number five reason
number four Lloyd Blankfein of Goldman
Sachs is trying again to blunt the
global outrage over the 20-plus billion
dollars of bonuses Goldman is about to
shell out to his employees a few days
ago you'll remember Lloyd made be
classic remark that Goldman Sachs is
doing God's work everyone should be very
proud of Goldman for saving the world
they're helping companies get money so
back off with the criticism of Goldman
Sachs's bonus pool Lloyd has changed his
tack a little bit after being globally
ridiculed for that he is now saying that
Goldman Sachs employees are more
productive than any on the planet
therefore they deserve their bonuses
hard to be a taxpayer and not hear that
that means that Goldman Sachs's
employees are better than you we have
some advice for Lloyd just stop talking
about it it's okay that Goldman is
paying out 20 billion dollars in bonuses
we're used to that in another couple of
weeks nobody will care just stop talking
about it say you were glad that you were
fortunate enough to have such a great
year and go about your business
were three sign Treasury Secretary Tim
Geithner remember about a year ago how
all he was talking about was saving the
world now he's back to talking about how
he is interested in a strong dollar this
is the perpetual line from Treasury
secretaries they're always interested in
maintaining a strong dollar they never
actually mean it because that would
actually threaten the economy in many
ways or certainly bring the Treasury
under criticism but Tim Geithner now has
enough time of it on his hands to start
reassuring people that he wants a strong
dollar number to sign that we are coming
out of a recession at light speed
yesterday a jury acquitted the Bear
Stearns hedge funds defendants on all
counts we would suggest that this is
because they did not in fact commit
fraud we've been reading the evidence
that has made its way to the papers
nothing that we've seen suggests that
they actually did commit fraud the
government brought the suit they believe
they did commit fraud but now the talk
is all about how the government did such
a horrible job of preventing the case
maybe it's just that they didn't commit
fraud but in any event six months ago it
is almost certain that a jury would have
convicted anybody in a suit who worked
on Wall Street of anything now the jury
seems to have seen it the correct way
and the number one reason why we are
coming out of a recession or sign that
we are coming out of recession day
traders the perpetual chumps of the
stock market are making money again
those etrade ads that you see every
weekend urging you to stop and abandon
your professional managers and abandon
your index funds and take matters into
your own hands they're actually working
again buyer beware
