welcome back we're going to start with a
question from Ernst or er NTS who asks
AOL reloaded with Googlers from top to
bottom and they are losing more money
than ever proof that a Google pedigree
means nothing also what should the AOL
spin-off looks like well here's the
thing what's the best way to become an
AOL VP quit your job at Google no it's
too early to tell if all these new
Googlers and there's a lot of them
there's Jeff livak who's running AOL
sales there's obviously Tim Armstrong at
the top CEO they've brought up they
brought the old guy from YouTube was
doing monetization there it's too early
to tell if they if they're you know the
AOL losing money is in their fault yet
what should a 0 L look like after it's
spun off I like to think of that they
want to call it the the world's biggest
startup but it right now it doesn't look
like a start-up there's glass doors
everybody has an assistant all of that
needs to go it needs to be in a
warehouse somewhere and everyone needs
to be on like long tables and blogging
all the times kind of like Gawker Gawker
headquarters go look at our post about
that one okay so reader justin asks
what's up with the recent Mark Pincus
blog postings it looks like a copy and
paste job well it's true over the
weekend and last week you might have
seen that we posted some of mark Zynga
CEO Mark Pincus responses to the
controversy over whether or not the
company is allowing scamming advertisers
in its games we posted some of his
responses directly to our site and we do
that because we figure we figure that
the readers are smart enough to know
that all writers have biases and so why
not just go straight to the source he is
a player in the story and we figured you
want to hear right from him we do this a
lot we have a lot of you know well-known
tech luminaries posting to the site in
fact if you go to the tape a section on
our site you can see a lot of posts from
a lot of different sites that we're
trying to aggregate and show you guys
okay so why do we keep this is sort
part of the zynga question from an
unknown reader says why do we keep
falling for this for the free scam who
is the blame I think they're
specifically talking about the video
professor who is an advertiser in some
of these games what happens is you get
addicted to a zing a game and to
advanced more quickly in the game you
want to buy some virtual goods like say
you're playing mafia wars and you want
to buy a handy a fancy submachine gun
well you need to usually need to insert
money into the game you need to give
them your credit card or your cell phone
number to pay for more virtual
currencies you buy that submachine gun
but to go and do that you go into the
page and it says wait before you buy
Netflix would like to buy this gun for
you or this currency for you but you
have to sign up for a free trial and
that's a really nice business model
Netflix gets a new customer the customer
gets to play the game longer zinc it
gets a little bit of money from netflix
problem is is that sometimes you get
some of these offers don't come from
nice companies like Netflix that come
from companies like video professor
which will say hey try how to learn to
buy and sell on ebay and we'll send it
to you free and if you don't like it you
know whatever it's over but the problem
is is they actually do charge you they
ask you for your credit card ten bucks
and they won't charge you 10 bucks for
shipping and handling and then if you
don't send it right back like within a
very short limit amount of time they
charge you 200 dollars for the whole set
why do we keep following this falling
for this because they put in huge
letters all it causes a shipping
handling it's a really scummy business
so we fall for it because they're very
clever about it and they're making a lot
of money and they're good at tricking
people how come gsi commerce paid so
much for rue la la says intellect get
one the answer to this one is that well
excuse me GS i paid about 350 million
dollars and an hour and our guy was
asking i think about that does seem high
when you compare it to like what you pay
for overstock com but the truth is is
that well first off rue la la came with
more than just ruelala.com also smart
bargains count calm came bundled in with
it but the other the difference is
between overstock.com and rue la la and
stuff like that is that there are
actually some high margin specialty
items sold on ruelala there may
specifically for that kind of private
shopping experience and also I think
they are the other variable is that
there's a lot of exclusivity when it
comes to these private shopping
destinations there's also a gilt groupe
which is a similar business and I think
people are willing to pay a little bit
more when they think they're buying
something that no one else can buy okay
so the next question is from Sammy the
walrus the fourth who asks has there
been any internal debate as to what si I
should focus on quantity or quality of
stories there has been internal debate
and we'll let you know what we decide
our next question is from Sammy the
walrus again this guy has a lot of
questions and he says Yrsa I writers
generally mocked and argued with by
commenters more than any other tech blog
the easy answer would be to say that we
don't filter our comments like a lot of
tech blogs some some sites make you try
out or they have people who carefully
monitor those things but the truth is is
we like we don't mind people taking
issue with what we're saying or are us
we're trying to get interesting
conversation going and sometimes we like
to provoke you guys so then scott kidder
asks us up and I see actually asked me
when are you shaving off the moustache
and my answer as soon as I learned how
to wiggle it I haven't gotten there yet
and okay so that's that's it for you ask
we answer on Nicholas Carlson and thanks
so much for joining us
