well we're here with michael katz
president of inner click michael a year
ago there everyone was saying there are
300 AD networks and that's about you
know Oh 200 too many or something like
that what happened why didn't the
industry just blow up like everyone
thought it would sure well I mean
depending on who you talk to there's
people who say that there's too many add
that networks and then you also talk to
people who say that there's not enough
good ones so you have a lot of me two
players in this space what you'll see is
that with the adoption of the different
exchanges you have these two three men
operations may be living in the working
out of their parents basement they're
the kids driving nice cars they live in
small towns that are considering
themselves at how do we spot these me to
ad networks how do you see them from the
outside well there again they're
primarily the guys that exists on the
exchange platforms really just arbitrage
Inc traffic living within the friction
of the marketplace not necessarily
injecting any kind of value into the
online advertising value chain so the ad
markets come back how I mean what-what
verticals have come back wood industries
yeah so we're actually pretty pretty
well diversified across a number of
different verticals some some
interesting trends that we've seen
recently have been in the certainly
automotive and financial services
sectors but we're not concentrating on
any one individual vertical where Laura
spray our automotive and finance back to
levels they were a year ago or is it
just you know we're not going to chaos
anymore um well you know I can only
speak on behalf of what we're seeing and
because we're on such a strong growth
trajectory we are penetrating new
accounts and growing our business within
key advertisers within each major
vertical so the business that's coming
to us based on the services that we're
able to provide is is definitely on the
up-and-up alright so you heard it don't
trust average the ad networks where it's
just two kids in Brooklyn driving around
expensive cars I'm Nicholas Carlson as
michael katz
you
