if you step back and you look at the
world of traditional media right now
print is getting absolutely destroyed TV
is coming under pressure although it's
holding its own Google came in several
years ago and sort of had this idea
we're going to revolutionize everything
there's going to be a single dashboard
you're going to buy all your media from
that from your perspective what do you
think happens in traditional media over
the next five to ten years how does it
what role does it serve how does it
change yeah i mean if i knew-- the clear
answer i would probably be in a
different more powerful rule but i think
for the print for example looking at
subscribers as members is something that
that that certainly were being engaged
with from magazines and publishers and
different things like the idea of a
controlled group of people that that you
typically just thought a passive
subscription base how do you make them
more engaged you know we're not working
with them but I'm admiring the Guardian
is doing some really interesting stuff
online and off about crowdsourcing
getting them involved in the in the
reporting process you know such as
specifically like the some of the
expense scandal things that's happening
in the UK of the Guardian realized and
was very upfront that we don't have all
the experts to deal with this tax stuff
how do how do we recruit from our
subscribers their willingness to
participate another thing is when there
was a beating of a protestor at the the
comfort of the g20 in London a few
months ago they looked for the
photography evidence and they went out
to their subscription based and there
was an analyst here in New York who was
on vacation with his wife who looked
through his cell phone pictures and
happened to find the picture that got on
the front page that sort of sourcing of
original content from a crowd realizing
that the journalists don't have all the
answers but in fact can use their
readers as a resource I think that's
really interesting and it's a way the
publishing world whether it be the
monthly magazine down to the daily
newspaper can really engage people in a
deeper way and you know not be as
reliant on advertising support of that
but a deeper subscription
