so you've been at the forefront of
innovation on political campaigns on
community messaging what are the three
keys to success of that type of
innovation what what is enabled you to
be successful with Barack Obama with the
red cross and with others focus on the
message over functionality if you think
of sort of traditional product marketing
how do you release tools to enable
people as opposed to gadgets to amaze
people i think that reprioritization of
things is applied to politics and ends
of general consumer oriented marketing
and I think building the team in the
agency that is not only committed to the
causes that we work on but also just
really nimble I mean we don't have the
ivory tower creative space we don't have
we don't publish the documents that go
on the CEOs desk and make their way on
bookshelves and we really want to get
our hands dirty and that's both the life
cycle the company where relatively young
and everything else but it's really
about sort of proving value really
quickly as a way of building consensus
in otherwise bureaucratic organizations
you know we don't whether it be academia
large nonprofits politics or you know
Cobra we don't exactly go for the easy
sell but if we go in and focus on
something a small sand box so to speak
and show value that's the best way of
growing the scope within an organization
and the team is both sort of optimized
for that and the more we can get our
hands dirty quickly the better the
engagements going to be Third Eye I
think applying these skills broadly and
and not focusing on just the obsession
around our political work but going in
and telling people for example if you
sign up for an email program today you
know give me your email now if you're on
board or car clean up wherever what
happens what's that first 72 hours of
your experience typically you're ignored
you're given a sort of quick auto
response thanks for replying and then
you're dropped in the bucket for 30 days
later you get a newsletter they've lost
you by then so that's not a complicated
ass that's just basics direct response
whether it's in mail or on the phone or
anything else how do you get people to
say oh yeah
the problem I mean focus on little winds
that blocking and tackling some of its
technology but a lot of its just sort of
the application of it people see
immediate value from the stuff in very
efficient ways and for organizations and
companies that have long been built
around direct mail the instincts are
there from an analytics perspective but
we just suddenly don't require to them
to spend a lot of money on postage and
production you can get things moving
very very quickly
