so in 22 months in the Obama campaign
you managed putting together the system
that controlled everything obviously
huge real-time feedback presumably some
budget issues you didn't know how big it
was going to be how many people you
needed to hire talk about that process
how do you manage a process like this
under that kind of time I mean and Julie
to that my challenge was not giving away
the business to a campaign yeah you know
to manage the growth of the business
overall political and none I mean I
think we had buy-in from the candidate
and his immediate team who understood
you know the guy was community organizer
20 years ago and so he understood that
the knock on the door from a neighbor
was more powerful than television spot
and the challenge was how do we make
this again lower in the barrier to entry
how do we make this so accessible how do
I get such that if I have a volunteer
signup in Iowa someone reaches them
within 24 hours those kind of mandates
crystal clear from the top allowed us to
really mobilize sort of the org chart to
respond to what we needed we obviously
had an incredible candidate to who
understood not only the power of
technology but had a message of
engagement the fundraising was never
about total dollars raised it was about
total individuals given and that kind of
that DNA and the fact that it was you
know he didn't have a 20 year history in
politics that had lots of people eager
for the presidential campaign people
asked whether the same strategies could
have worked in cane or Clinton or other
things and I would say no I mean we
shouldn't we simply couldn't have
negotiated the org chart in the way that
it was done at the end of the day on
election day I think the team for the
Digital side was more than 100 people
and it was I think the largest
headquarter based team but that
represented less than one percent of the
fundraising them the total dollar spent
so it was both willing to engage all the
more traditional stakeholders in the
campaign and from from the
and always sharing in the success so as
we learned and we were all learning a
lot through the process from a tech
perspective and the application of the
strategies sort of democratizing those
learning so that you know the field guy
gets really excited when he has a
thousand new volunteers that he didn't
expect and when you really tap the
experience of volunteers on the ground
and their willingness to commit you know
especially in the primary days when
there were states that really weren't in
play until the primaries dragged on
forever when you suddenly wake up and
you realize you have 500 volunteers in
Idaho who are actually really active and
you're gonna drop a campaign staffer in
there their job becomes a lot easier
than it would have been five years ago
and how do you manage that communication
just the learning you have this massive
volunteer army yet you've got a very
tight group of folks who are actually
building the technology thinking about
the different messaging tracks and so
forth how do you manage that especially
under the time pressure that you were
under the time pressure I think actually
helps because it keeps people a little
bit out of the way it makes you not
overthink things and we talk a lot about
the spaghetti factor of sort of throwing
things on the wall understanding the in
the digital experience you can test a
lot you can send a message out to 5,000
people and see how they respond before
sending it out to 13 million and so
constantly being open to new ideas
