the Obama campaign obviously
demonstrated just the power of community
marketing and all the different
techniques you used what are
corporations now doing this what what
are your other clients yeah I mean some
interesting applications are largely
around fundraising for say public
broadcasting how do you enable people to
not just participate in the on-air sort
of pledge of fun but actually have an
ongoing communication with them by email
and other forms of online communication
in the in the corporate sector how do
you mobilize employees around your CSR
efforts how do you make your you know
corporate responsibility more deeply
integrated into your day to day what's
the answer I think it's some of it comes
to just transparent messaging I mean
really action-oriented getting them to
do things when you ask people to do
things they do them and they expect to
be treated differently so the way the
Obama campaign worked on the grand
scheme that high level of 14 million
people is lots of segments of knowing
what people want to do in your behalf
what they've done for you sort of
managing the data is such that the
relationships are about more real-time
and more reliable one of the successes
of the Obama campaign was mobilizing all
these different tiers of people who
became advocates and they got all their
friends in the campaign obviously it
gets a lot trickier when you go to a
corporation and it would the strategy be
the same are you getting forward owners
to evangelize the cars how do you incent
them to do that yeah and I think you I
think you really can I think the level
of passion is obviously going to be
different there has to be more of a
giveaway more of an incentive but
through on the ground events at
dealerships for example along with
loyalty programs and service guarantees
and everything you can bundle things
together in the way we did you know
ultimately the the campaign wasn't just
about Barack Obama it ended up you know
of the videos the content the messaging
it became as much about the individual
supporters on the ground as it was so
how do you invert that model in the
corporate world so it's not just
marketing from the ivory tower of the
corporate headquarters but about that
sort of fostering that brand loyalty
from a broad base of is anyone doing
that well in the corporate world I think
there's some interesting campaigns
happening but it's it's not terribly
organic
a lot of the campaigns that we see even
on air that have loyal customers
interviewed their casted their casted
things there's casting calls and makeup
rooms everything else what you need to
do for commercials how does the online
world then have a more authentic more
accessible approach we talk a lot about
sort of lower in the barrier to entry
while raising the level of expectations
so how do you allow a consumer to play a
role in your marketing campaign and keep
that relationship going I think it's
about authenticity and Trust in the
message but when you get into the more
corporate for-profit world there's got
to be that that incentive whether that's
in pricing whether that's in you know
some sort of loyalty program that has
benefits in a traditional way
