and one of the things if I remember this
era correctly you gave it away for free
online and this became sort of a meme
for the internet and it's still now this
is the thing this is the way it's done
software before that had basically been
sold so forth Netscape gave it away for
free later so was that because you were
coming out of a university or did that
just seem to be the way to distribute it
so there were two reasons one is right
the whole project was funded by the
National Science Foundation and so part
of what you did when you ran us have fun
to do is you basically released it as
what today would be called open source
or at least in sort of free software was
no model to take that charge for it the
other thing though was the Internet
itself you know sort of came out of this
sort of free or open-source kind of
culture and remember the internet was
created even going back to the 60s but
then certainly through the 70s 80s and
90s the internet was an alternative
network to what all of the big companies
were doing so Microsoft for example the
time we started the mosaic project
Microsoft had still had this you know
land manager and all these proprietary
networking standards Lotus had their own
networking approach novell was selling a
lot of net where Apple had appletalk
deck had met and so networking in that
era in most companies was closed to
proprietary and so there was this huge
problem of ever actually hooking
companies up to ever talk to each other
or ever have consumers hooked up because
everything was proprietary in fact on
the consumer side a while Protestant
compuserve were the main services and
they were proprietary so the internet
was always contrarian against the
internet was a reaction to all that all
those proprietary efforts and so the
internet was always defined by open
protocols that anybody can implement and
open software that anybody could
download and use and of course the huge
advantage of that is if you're going for
something that you want to be universal
then free is the way to do it right and
this is where I think people get really
you know I think confused it's not free
just because you don't want to make
money or it's not free just because you
don't know how to charge for it or
whatever you use free is a technique
when you want to get universal coverage
and there are things that are just a lot
more valuable and everybody uses them we
never SAT there and said boy there's a
great company owns a company we could
build here and if only we could charge
for it and let's go start like that
never came up but we did think in terms
of you know let's make it free let's
make it super easy to use like a huge
focus was ease of you
let's make it really easy to download
let's provide a lot of help I mean we
spend a lot of time doing technical
support for it in the first you know 12
months and the theory very much was
basically you're building a network or
basically building a network of people
using web browsers and a network there
for people who are going to run web
servers the other side of it too to get
the content yin and so we knew that this
would be the free was definitely the way
to do that
