and what's your outlook for the Fed I
think the Fed will keep on tightening I
mean the economy is doing very well
we've met all their targets in terms of
growth in terms of unemployment in terms
of inflation I think they are worried
frankly about all this fiscal stimulus I
mean we're in full employment you don't
normally put this much stimulus into
economy at full employment if it's kind
of like bringing an extra keg to a frat
party at 2:00 a.m. I mean it's got to
make the party louder but it'll make the
hangover worse so they've got they've
got to counteract this fiscal stimulus I
think that's what they're going to do so
I think another four rate hikes in
September December March and June that
will bring us up to two and three
quarters to three percent on the federal
funds rate I think and I hope they'll
stop there because you know you talk
about risks the other risks the economy
is the Fed over tightens late just as
the economy slows down in the second
half of next year we think we will if
they raise rates too much at that point
that could cause problems and what will
the yield curve look like a year from
now after they raise rates if they stop
at four I think it'll be almost exactly
flat in other words I think they yield
on a two year Treasury notes would be
the same as they yield on a ten-year
bond if they go more than four rate
hikes I think we might get inversion but
people over worry too much about
adversity yield curve it is a broken
barometer it used to be the yield curve
was a very good predictor of what the
economy was gonna do because you know
why would you buy a long-term bond with
the lower yields with a short-term bond
it's cuz you think the feds gonna cut
rates why is if they're gonna cut rates
because the economy's in trouble but you
can't trust the long end anymore why
well because central banks have been
buying long-term bonds like never before
and and they're basically sitting on the
long end of the yield curve and that's
distorting us I mean it's it's kind of
like I don't believe in torture because
it because torture is immoral but but
also a torture prison is gonna lie to
you the yield curve is being tortured by
central banks and is going to tell us
lies now it doesn't mean there couldn't
be problems in the future but we're
going to need a better measure of what's
going on than the yield curve and what
how does an inverted yield curve affect
consumers or borrowers well it's a funny
thing it is a symptom without being a
disease because as I said an inverted
yield curve has usually been a problem
because of me or the suggested problem
is coming because it means the feds
worried about something but if you think
about it
American households have got about $3 an
asset in financial interest bearing
assets interest bearing assets for every
$1 they have in debt and most less those
interest bearing assets a short-term
things like CDs and most of that debt
are long-term things like mortgages so
if you go to invert a yield curve if
short rates go up more than long rates
guess what you're giving more income to
consumers and you're not pushing up
their expenses it actually stimulates
the economy and that's one the funny
things people worry about it doesn't
it's harmless as of itself and if it
doesn't work as a as a barometer of
where the economy is going you know
there are lots of things to worry about
think about I wouldn't worry too much
about the yield curve
