Oh monies for the wedding and that's
that's all you you're that you're the
financial wizard of the two of us no I
think we set a separate fund for like
for setting up the household all the
furniture and all of that we just set
aside a specific amount and then said we
can't go over this this year I think
that helped because it's easy to go
crazy when you move in somewhere new and
get all kinds of stuff that's
unnecessary we got a couple things like
that but yep I probably didn't need the
65 inch TV it probably couldn't be a
little bit I think it was probably for
me I'm like spending on stuff like
clothes and all that when you know but
also food for us one of the biggest ones
was when we go grocery shopping cuz we
like feed off each other we're like
really excited in the grocery store
especially when we're hungry we're like
yeah we definitely be like the 50 pack
of that yeah we kind of like encourage
each other yeah and then we wind up
throwing out half of it because we go to
the grocery store hungry yeah I really
want to try Brussels sprouts and then we
like let it go
but in this story I saw an awesome
recipe on like beat Bobby Flay last
night which that we should make it just
never comes together and I think we've
gotten better too since we've gotten
engaged because oh yeah money's for the
wedding yeah and now we know that like
all of our money's gonna be going into
the same account sooner or later so
we've gotten more honest and we've
gotten better at keeping track of you
know of every dollar that we're spending
