I was selected to be part of a crew and
then from there we were evaluated at
various tournaments and FIFA related
events as well as our domestic League
and Major League Soccer we went through
a qualification and ultimately in
January of 2014 were selected for the
World Cup it's extremely competitive
myself and Mark Geiger were the only two
from the US that were selected that
should tell you right there just in our
own country how competitive is and then
we've got to compete with the rest of
the world quite honestly the United
States is finally starting to make a
mark in terms of refereeing
in the international scene but
previously just like a lot of our
players that the international scene
views us as not being able to be very
high level playing or referee four years
later now in talking about it I still
get goosebumps the emotions of the game
just start to take over you can hear the
crowd roaring once we walked out onto
the field then all the nerves went away
and we just focused on the game it was
just a game it became a simple game
again
most of the players do speak a little
bit of English at the international
level the refereeing aspect and the
playing aspect are universal body
language eye contact and there really
were during that match especially no
communication gaps at all from the Greek
side or the Colombian side essentially
the referees are trained as if they were
the athletes participating in the games
referees obviously have to be physically
fit enough to go the entire 120 minutes
plus penalties if necessary you really
treat your body like many of the
athletes do it's a combination of
strength and physical endurance types of
workouts I'm not privy to the financial
conditions of this World Cup but I can
only speak to 2014 we received a flat
fee regardless of the number of games
that were officiated that dollar amount
was $50,000 so fairly substantial and it
didn't matter whether you're the red
head referee or the assistant referee or
a fourth official I'm in the financial
services industry and very fortunate to
have the opportunity to be in a position
where most of my job entails emails or
conference calls so I can do that
remotely some people have to part ways
with their career and put their careers
on hold to be able to fulfill the
requirements of FIFA and you know the
World Cup seeing the world come together
on one stage and put aside kind of all
of the different political things and
really just getting behind what's quite
simply a game just the overall
experience of being part of the world's
game on such a stage what was quite
amazing
