one of us who might have taken on more
of the you know day-to-day things that
we do paying for more of them who was
making less money
I mean what's interesting for us is that
we've we've been together for almost ten
years lived together for about four and
been married for one and a half and
we've never like we've never gotten to
the point where we feel like we need to
actually combine finances we still have
completely separate bank accounts
because we just I think from an early
stage got used to like alternating with
the larger purchases like if we're going
out to eat or you know he'll buy the
plane tickets home and I'll rent the car
or whatever so we've kind of maintained
that it just works really well for us
because we each know exactly what's
coming into our accounts and we know
what we can afford to splurge here and
there we both like we talked about
saving like our own savings and stuff
yeah it's just it's just worked out well
so I so there wasn't like some huge
change when we moved in together because
we just kept doing the same thing like I
write him a rent check every month and
then he writes the full check to our
landlord and yeah we just kept doing
that and it's just been easy and we like
never argue about money or anything like
that because we just yeah if it ain't
broke don't fix it you know
yeah we have our own sort of accounting
methods that we both use and yeah we
both make it work I think the biggest
challenge for managing our money when we
first moved in together was how to split
living costs like you know rent is easy
the utilities are easy but like going
out together and dinner drinks and all
the other words yes household necessity
is just realizing that one of us who
might have taken on more of the you know
day-to-day things that we do paying for
more of them it was making less money so
figuring out how to balance that and how
to make that a little bit more equal so
money is like that since we got since we
got married has been like the hardest
thing to figure out and worst
figuring it out and funny thing is is
that like most of our friends who also
got married recently are also in the
same boat but I would say the smartest
thing we've done is having a joint
credit card together where we no longer
we no longer like get to the checkout
counter at the grocery store and are
like oh can you put half on this card
half on that card we have like this
drawing card anything that's like
starting us down the path of like
figuring it out but it's hard
