my name is Lauren Lyons Cole I'm a
certified financial planner and a senior
editor here at Business Insider I've
helped a lot of clients get out of debt
and it's actually a lot easier than it
seems when you're staring at a pile of
credit card debt or student loans that
you just don't know how to get ahead of
the first step to take is really to get
organized that's the part that a lot of
people are afraid to tackle so take a
Saturday morning make yourself a really
nice brunch and make a list of all of
the different debts you need to pay off
what I mean by that is make a list of
exactly how much you owe to each
different place so if you have a visa
that you owe $2,000 to put that first on
the list you also need to know your
interest rate the minimum payment and
the due date for that debt keep doing
that for all the different things you're
trying to pay off that way you can
prioritize which debts you want to
tackle first once you can see a full
picture of everything you owe you can
create a plan but before you create a
plan it's important to take a step back
there's a few things you have to be
aware of number one be realistic when
you're creating the plan you don't want
to set yourself up to fail paying off
debt can take a long time two years
three years even longer so this isn't
something that you're gonna fix
overnight and that's okay the other
important thing to be aware of though is
that this is temporary we're not talking
about forever so any sort of lifestyle
adjustments you make now to pay off your
debt will eventually end and you
absolutely can pay it off I've seen so
many people do it to tackle your debt at
the bare minimum you have to make all of
your minimum payments on time that's
very important for your credit score so
you can set up automatic payments to
make sure that those payments will
always go out on time and in full
obviously you'll have to pay more than
the minimum payment to put a dent in
your debt but exactly how much will vary
from person to person and it could even
vary from month to month a good rule of
thumb is to
to pay double your minimum payment to
any of your debts that might be hard in
some cases so even paying 20 or 50
dollars more can speed up the process of
getting out of debt I've had luck with
clients who have paid the debt that has
the highest interest rate first some
people would recommend paying the
smallest at first so if that works
better for you
great the point is to gain momentum so
that you begin to see your debt balance
decrease it might take a little bit of
trial and error to find out which one
works best for you the hardest part
about paying down debt is it really does
require a lifestyle change again it's
just temporary but you'll have to cut
back on certain areas of your spending
if you're going to free up money in your
budget to put towards paying down your
debt once you have a plan in place it's
important to stick to it but if extra
cash pops into your bank account from a
tax refund or a really generous gift
there's nothing wrong with putting that
towards the debt as well to fast forward
the process paying down debt is a
temporary goal and one that is very
achievable all it takes is getting your
plan in place sticking to it and
watching it happen
you
