I think it's a step in the right
direction but you know fourteen playoff
is not the answer I think issue I've
always said I think it should be the top
ten teams first two teams gonna buy
number one the two would get a bye and
then it's played out like that but it
definitely needs to be more than for
teens because you know there's no other
sport you got to think another sport is
there a four team playoff right and
because it's almost like if you were the
you know college basketball you just go
straight to the final four right no so
again I think it's a step in the right
direction that they have to play off
they definitely expand it more because
there are a lot of teams out there that
are getting left out you know that are
just as good right by Iowa State you
know some other teams the Ohio State is
one I jumped out to me but
and they definitely did expand it for
two more teams
