this is intelligent investing presented
by fidelity investments things have been
too good to be true for investors over
the past few years but volatility is
back so what happens now from March of
2009 to January 2018 the S&P 500 went up
three hundred and sixty-four percent
growing in an annualized rate twice the
historical average with below average
volatility fidelity director of global
macro EURion timur says it's time to
lower your expectations volatility has
already picked up most recently from
risks of a trade war and we've seen
increased vol in tech from a number
issues including privacy concerns the
good news according to Timur
is that earnings growth looks strong and
over the long run prices generally
follow earnings but valuations are high
and when valuations are high financial
conditions matter a lot Timur uses a
simple example to prove this point if
you estimate the value of future cash
flows for a company at the current rates
and risk premiums a 1% increase in the
discount rate will shave about for PE
points off stocks fair market value so
higher rates will put direct pressure on
valuations and so will anti trade
policies which generally lead to less
growth and more inflation stocks won't
necessarily suffer a major decline
thanks to strong earnings growth but
investors should lower their
expectations and it may be time to
rebalance your portfolio
PGM fixed income chief investment
strategist Robert tip told us last week
that the thing he is most worried about
investors getting wrong is having an
over allocation to equities as stocks
about performed and this concern is real
according to analysis from fidelity if
you had 60% in stocks and 40% in bonds
in March of 2009 and didn't rebalance at
all until now you would now have 83
percent in stocks and 17% in bonds an
increased equity volatility hits your
portfolio much harder if you have more
equity exposure than you intended
you
you
