we were not practicing artists we very
much had them office jobs in finance I
wanted to get in touch with my
creativity um but I just didn't know how
and I felt that a lot of people feel the
same you know they don't work in
creative jobs but want to get more
creative and want to explore just yeah
their creative self so we wanted to
provide that space for people but no I I
don't I don't miss it I really love
working here be surrounded by this stuff
and helping people realize what they can
make with their hands
we fondant a lot of the business through
small amount of savings and also just
from the cash flow in the business let's
start small grow organically used to
fullness that we generate and got a bit
bigger a bit bigger
the ideas that I was looking at we're
very wide ranging from renewable energy
because a few friends while you are not
to setting up an afro-caribbean hair
beauty salon loads of different ideas
but I just kind of thought I pursue each
one I'll see you up stuck and then after
that journey I'm starting to be more
creative myself I just found that I kept
spending more time on this idea
my left in September 2016 had the list
gave myself till December that year so
three months to look at all the ideas I
kind of had an assessment again at the
end of December this is what there's two
ideas I've had time and there was a
music space for helping musicians of
music businesses okay let's have a tree
one timeline to get higher of them off
Mahoney and then managed to find the
premises in that remote window so I kind
of joked all in into my office I develop
was it after building up a career in
finance and then starting in an arts and
crafts studio is is very different but
you get things that maybe you can't put
a price on for example autonomy you can
be your own boss as people say and
decide what classes you want to do what
you want to learn and it's incredibly
relaxing even running the workshops
there's that element of mindfulness you
get when you're making something and
it's just great to be able to experience
that every day
you
you
