the world has made tremendous progress
against extreme poverty the minimum
amount of income necessary to feed your
family now about less than 10% of the
world falls in extreme poverty just
three decades ago it was 30 percent that
the progress that we've enjoyed did not
happen all by itself the ingredients for
continued progress are present think
about the well-being of men women and
children that's the overall philosophy I
call humanism progress comes from from
people solving problems from people
setting the goal of improving the lot of
humanity and it comes from just the
overall application of reason it's only
by looking at trends that you realize
how much progress that we made to be a
happier person you can't let your view
of the world be determined by news
headlines because as long as bad events
haven't vanished from the face of the
earth they'll always be enough for them
to fill the news worse still go on
including the worst war in a generation
in Syria but I enlarge the trend in war
has been downward a fraction of the
number of people are killed in wars
today compared to the 60s the 70s and
the 80s the signing of the Colombian
peace agreement the last war in the
Western Hemisphere came to an end so an
entire hemisphere is free of war in fact
5/6 of the Earth's surface is free of
war that's an example of a kind of trend
that you can't really pick up from the
news because when a country doesn't have
a war it's not news child mortality is
down maternal mortality is down literate
illiteracy is down 90% of the world's
population under the age of 25 can read
and write we're even getting smarter in
a phenomenon called the Flynn effect IQ
scores have been rising by 3 points a
decade for almost a century we spend
waste less of our waking hours on
housework we work fewer hours we have
access to culture all these developments
that just never make the news but that
give you a bit more confidence in the
way the world is heading move backward
if we look nostalgically to a golden age
never existed if we prioritize
competition between nations over overall
cooperation if we fall prey to dogma and
charisma superstition as opposed to
hard-headed reason then then progress
could slow down and in some cases even
reverse and despite the some of the
unfortunate political events of the last
couple of years there's an enormous will
to improve the state of humanity to lift
up formerly oppress minorities to
advance the rights of women to advance
the well-being of people in the
developing world and if we can continue
to mobilize that energy then future
progress is absolutely possible
you
you
