hi my name is Dan Ariely
and the James B Duke professor of
psychology and behavioral economics and
the author of most recently small change
there's lots of statements around
Millennials kind of funny as a social
scientist you know that the brain
doesn't change because we were in a
different year it's kind of a funny
thing to even think about this but but
there are some interesting differences
with different generations but I don't
think they're about the individuals I
think they're about opportunities so
think about the housing prices right now
in big cities they basically mean that
it's impossible for somebody at age 25
to get the mortgage and to hope to buy a
house now imagine we could take
Millennials right take the same people
and basically just change housing prices
to housing crisis 20 years ago and now
all of these Millennials would take a
mortgage I promise you they would behave
just like other people but what happened
is that there's a really terrible set
where we have young people who don't
even have a hope for being able to buy a
house how do we want them to behave so
so I don't think it's about Millennials
being different I think it's about the
fact that they live in a world that lots
of opportunities that we had in my
generation quite a few years ago
don't don't exist for them and because
of that they find different ways to deal
with it but it's so easy to say it's
Millennials and it's personality trait
and so on I don't think that's it i
think it's what the world around them is
giving them opportunities for and sadly
the world around them is is not that
hospitable one of the things we need to
realize is that we are living in a
competitive world one of the findings in
behavioral economics and social science
is that we make decisions as a function
of the environment that will
I think about it in your environment in
our environment who cares about our
long-term will be may be us may be
significant other may be a parent may be
a religious organization may be the
state but if you think about our daily
environment we're surrounded by shops
and apps and stores and news and
advertisements and all of them are not
interested in our long-term well-being
right they're all interested in their
own short-term we'll be all right every
donut shop wants you to buy another
donut today if facebook want you to
check facebook twice more today my image
for this is you walk down the street
with your wallet time and attention and
everybody wants your money time and
attention now and you know what they're
good at getting our time money and
attention and they're getting better and
and because of that we don't get to
truly live according to our own
preferences the moment you go into the
grocery store the grocery store has a
different idea about what you should do
with your money than you do and you know
what they design the environment they
decide what's at the end of the aisle
and what's by the cashier and so on so
part of what we need to understand is
that we might have good intentions and
plans and so on but the moment we step
up to the world of the world the world
has other plans for our money and often
they can control what we'll end up doing
you
