hi I'm Neil woods I'm the author of good
cop/bad war and also the chairman of
leap UK and the former undercover police
officer in the UK we used to lead the
world in drug policy it was called the
British system and it's a fairly simple
premise if someone has a problem with
drugs they get medical help that British
system was destroyed by American moral
imperialism American foreign policy
insisted that everyone follow their lead
in how to deal with drugs and that meant
criminalizing people the last breaths of
the British system was from a doctor
called John Marx who at the height of
the heroin explosion took over clinics
in the world in Warrington and he
continued to prescribe heroin to those
people who needed it now the effect
there was startling and the evidence
outstanding because all of the gangsters
who were dealing they left they went
away to Liverpool because they had no
customers
none of his patients died some of them
got jobs and a lot of them went
successfully into treatment because if
you're not spending all your time
thinking about how you're going to pay
for your next fix
you do have time to think about other
other things
John Marx did that for a decade and when
he published the evidence from that the
American government insisted to the
British government that that end on the
other hand the Swiss government looked
at that evidence and used it to inform
their entire policy and in Switzerland
they still prescribed heroin to this day
from the moment they did that in
Switzerland their burglaries were cut in
half but it is clear from all of the
problematic heroin users I've known and
I've known a lot but one thing that is
quite clear to me is they all have some
real genuine mental health problem and
two-thirds of them are self-medicating
for a childhood trauma including
childhood sexual or physical abuse it's
not just me that says that there are 20
independent academic studies
you've come up with the same minerals
drug policy at the moment is about
criminalizing people so it's time to
stop treating people as criminals and
it's starting it's time to start caring
for them I don't think an evidence-based
drug policy is too much to ask for and
certainly we should take pride and go
back to the British system
you
you
