hi my name is dan really and i'm a
professor of psychology and behavioral
economics at Duke University and I'm the
author of small change one of the
interesting things about money is that
it matters when we pay so imagine they
go on vacation and you can pay upfront
you can pay during the vacation or you
can pay at the end it turns out that
those things are met and not just
financially they also change our
enjoyment from the vacation so what
happens when you pay upfront when you
pay upfront you start the vacation
you've paid for the whole thing and now
you don't think about money and that's a
great way to experience what happened
when you pay at the end well in the
beginning you don't think much about
money but toward the end of it you think
about money and you get slightly worried
about the vacation but the worst is to
pay all throughout why because every
time you worry about that money you
worry about it you worry about it you
worry about it and the whole quality of
the experience goes down this is what is
called the pain of pain this term
basically says that when we part with
our money it's not just parting with our
money the psychological pain of parting
with the money there's some brain
imaging studies that show that there is
something like physical pain when we do
that now how do we how do eliminate that
agony one easy ways to spend other
people's money like if you find some
money on the street you don't feel the
same angle another one is to think about
vouchers imagine I gave you ten thousand
dollars good for Amazon for ten years
what would happen you would spend it
much faster why because you say this
money belongs to Amazon but let me just
spend it but of course life is not just
about getting things cheap it's about
you know enjoying things and the
interesting thing about the pain of pain
is that it changes how much we enjoy
know so when we think about life in
general you might say let me think about
some pain of pain let me feel some of
the pain of pain because if I would will
not make foolish financial decisions but
when you go on vacation it's not about
being rational or reasonable it's about
celebrating the few weeks in the year
that we have
so try and pay in advance and don't feel
the pain of paying as you go through
your application
