as the tradition goes every year on
February 2nd
Phil the groundhog comes out of his hole
in Punxsutawney Pennsylvania if he sees
his shadow will supposedly get six more
weeks of winter if he doesn't see his
shadow winter is supposedly over seems
bizarre right so how exactly did
groundhogs become the go-to animal for
predicting the weather the tradition
comes from Germany on an old religious
holiday called Candlemas day the Germans
paid attention to the badger Candlemas
day was the midpoint between winter
solstice and the spring equinox around
February 2nd if the Badger saw its
shadow it meant that a second winter was
coming when the practice came to the
u.s. in 1887 the groundhog was chosen
because Badgers aren't native to eastern
North America while it may seem random
there is some logic to turning to the
groundhog for weather predictions like
Badgers groundhogs also known as
woodchucks or whistle pigs are
considered true hibernators
when they emerge from hibernation it
means winter is almost over in winter
months their body temperature drops 62
degrees
comparatively if a human body
temperature drops just four degrees it
goes into hypothermia a groundhogs
hibernating heartbeat is only five beats
per minute in warmer months its heart
beats 80 times per minute their
breathing slows down in winter too it
can go from 16 breaths per minute to
about two during hibernation
however the idea that groundhogs are
predicting the weather when they come
out of hibernation may be a bit of a
stretch the real reason groundhogs come
out of their holes in early February is
to look for mates mating season is in
March so they wake up a little early to
scope out potential partners and then
return to their burrow to wait out the
winter weather the groundhog sees its
shadow on February 2nd has more to do
with the weather that day than the
groundhog itself after all tucked itani
phil has only been right about 30
percent of the time so we're probably
better off listening to meteorologists
or just flipping a coin
you
