oh my god and wax is composed of three
things it's composed of dead skin the
oil that we see that it wants to create
under their skin or sebum and then a
specialized form of sweat which is
called Sarah and it's this mixture of
all of these three things that makes
what we call wax
keeping it in there will be a problem if
it's very hard cuz it can cause pressure
linear of course infections as more to
get stuck in there
I've never had this perceived procedure
done before but I have a sort of
paranoia that my gig is a really waxing
so I'm sort of apprehensive but looking
forward to it and you have supersonic
hearing look at that
the micro suction is different to
syringes in that rather than removing
the wax of water jets in the air you
remove it with a tiny little vacuum
Hoover so everything that's in that
gently
oh my god
and at least half a candidate's worth I
was shocked
well in that wax I had in my ears I
always you know I was going to be a
little bit but that was it's quite
ridiculous and now I can hear things
I've never ever heard before and I will
use this power of hearing to be good
genetics is one of them there's there's
a established single gene variation
between people of East Asian descent and
people of Western present which
determines whether you have what is
called a wet wax sort of gooey wet wax
that Western Western is going to make or
the rice bran wax which is what to be
East national people from say China
Korea Japan who most make so there's
their genetic difference and they're
probably inherited differences some
people just seem to be in families that
make more wax
you
you
