many of us are actually sitting at our
desks at lunchtime we're not getting
outside widths at all morning at our
computer we're sat at lunchtime at our
desk eating and surfing the net and I'm
uh sat there in the afternoon hi my name
is dr. Rangan chastity I'm a medical
doctor
I'm BBC one's doctor in the house and
I'm author of a new book called the four
pillar plan many of us are spending much
of our day sitting down and that can
have some seriously negative health
consequences in fact many of us think
that we can actually go to the gym and
the evening and out do all that sitting
in the day but recent studies have shown
that we can't now I'm not saying you
shouldn't go to the gym and that can be
incredibly beneficial but actually we
need to find ways that we can sit down
less in the day but I can be incredibly
hard if you're working at home at a
laptop I mean if you're working in an
office it can just be very easy to sit
there at your desk and not get up so
I've got a few strategies you might want
to adopt to help you the first thing is
can you actually put an alarm on your
phone use technology to help you so
every hour a lot of buzzer goes off that
forces you and remind you to get up you
just get up go for a walk go to the
drinks fountain and actually get a drink
of water that can be incredibly useful
and it's just a simple way actually
getting up regularly the second tip
would actually be to drink more water
not only is that beneficial for most of
us in terms of our health but actually
you end up having to get up and pee
every hour so that gets you up out of
your chair as well a simple tip with two
benefits the third tip I talk about is
having a little movement snack in the
day I talk about these a lot let's all
bite-sized movements that you do with
other people so if you work in an office
I've got a little thing called a
2-minute office workout where you can
actually do some tricep dips against
your desk some press ups against your
desk and actually do some lunges with
your partner where you give a high five
on each lunge it only takes
incredibly fun the other tip will be to
get about your chair every possible
opportunity so if you have someone in
your office continue to send an email
for more can you get up out of your
chair and go and speak to them in person
we're sat all morning at our computer we
sat at lunch time on our desk eating and
surfing the net and I must sat there in
the afternoon
the simple thing is to go for a 10
minute walk every lunchtime it's not
that hard and if you start doing it
regularly it very quickly becomes easier
it becomes a new habits and these new
habits become your new health
