New Japan Pro Wrestling Oh New Japan is
a rushing promotion that's been in
business since the early 70s it was
created by Antonio Inoki Antonio Inoki
fought Muhammad Ali and a mixed martial
arts match years and years ago it's a
very successful wrestling promotion in
Japan the number one form ocean in Japan
now it's big Japan so they produce their
television show they have a digital
network all those good things but their
style is fundamentally a throwback
piledriver it's on access TV Mark Cuban
is the owner of access TV I'm pretty
lucky I have to work with my checks
clearing I get a check for events I get
a check from a mark and that's far they
all been good so I like that
Jim Ross and Josh Barnett have the call
work with Mark Cuban's been cool and you
know events they're a lot alike you know
either
wealthy guys that have got thrown in
fires I so much appreciate the respect
that I think Vince has got all he said
grace over over his empire and he's got
complete confidence that his brand is
growing as healthy and it is I'm sure
that New Japan would love to have the
success that Vince is built with a WWE
they obviously wanted to enlarge their
footprint in North America as another
territory that they're going to conquer
it's a fun product to watch it's very
straightforward and some of our shows
have one match on so you can really
settle in until that story of the
strategy and refer reference back to
what happened you know earlier you hurt
his leg you've never done this after the
match started he got his knee clip or
whatever so you could bring all the
stories 42 got time to do it our
directive by the access TV folks is to
call the match like it was a sporting
event and stick to the action if we're
start talking about things they're
totally unrelated to what you're seeing
there is a disconnect that has to be
they'll be like Joe Buck and Troy Eggman
in the middle of a live play well the
ball is snapped talking about what
what's what's going what's the trending
tonight and today on the NFL they're
gonna talk about the play but the one
hour show is a big difference for me and
they and the quality it's a lot like the
old NWA days you know when Dusty Rhodes
is booked in the NWA and Ric Flair was
hotter than a firecracker it's very
basic formula and I think that's what
new Japan does very well so if you're an
old wrestling fan and haven't become a
little bit this place because you
preferred a more physical more
straightforward approach more often than
not then New Japan might be a real good
program to check out that question if
you like wrestling right now probably
the coolest high in the world to be a
fan
you
you
