I'm Lauren Lyons Cole I'm a certified
financial planner and a senior editor
here at Business Insider Bitcoin isn't
new but in 2017
it was all the rage starting out in
January around $1,000 and climbing to
$20,000 in one year is enough to make
anyone take a second glance at Bitcoin
but here's the thing about Bitcoin it
reveals a very basic investing principle
that we all fall prey to and that's that
investors tend to be irrational when
Bitcoin is sailing high everybody wants
to buy in but as soon as it starts
crashing people freak out and they start
selling successful investors buy low and
sell high
but our natural instinct is to feel more
comfortable buying when things are good
and more comfortable selling when things
are bad if you're new to the Bitcoin
craze and you're thinking about
investing the first thing you have to do
is figure out what it is if you can't
explain what Bitcoin is to your mom or
your neighbor and why you're investing
in it and why you think it's a good
investment then it's too soon for you to
put your money in but with an investment
like Bitcoin no one really knows where
it's going to go it could go to 150,000
but it could also go to zero
it's a highly risky and speculative
investment when you're investing in the
stock market it's a little bit easier to
stop it's still not easy but it's a
little bit easier to stomach the drops
when they happen because historically
speaking we know the US stock market
goes up about 8% on average per year
some years are big swings up some nears
are big swings down but Bitcoin and the
other cryptocurrencies have a tendency
to make huge swings in 2017 Bitcoin
climbed over a thousand percent but it
also dropped by 30% 40% at various
points so it's not the type of
investment that's for the faint of heart
we just don't know what's going to
happen it could go to zero it could go
way out more it's impossible to predict
and so if you are investing in Bitcoin
you've got to know how much risk you can
handle the bottom line is if you're
investing in Bitcoin you need to be
prepared to lose everything
that happens
you
