Donald Trump has proven to be the kind
of person who you can't reason with and
who you can't have logical conversations
with and who I can't imagine having a
heart-to-heart conversation thinking
that I would change something
specifically about this person none of
the evidence that I've seen in the last
year shows me that that would be even
worth something worth my time so I don't
know that I would sit down and have a
conversation with him just to say to
have him not change I'm interested in
talking to people and dealing with
people who are set and ready for change
and action who get it and who are
looking for solutions and I don't think
he's one of those people a lot of people
started off this year feeling a sense of
hopelessness because we had a president
in our office who was self admitted to
be a sexual predator somebody who said
out of their own mouth that they
described in detail how they go about
violating women as a woman as an
American citizen that is disheartening
to know that the person who is the
leader of your country thinks like that
and operates like that and we've gone
from that to the woman's March to now
this me to a moment and several things
in between in ways I think that it has
emboldened women and empowered us to
step up and amplify our voices even
louder and so to end the year with
silence breakers people that as a result
of like this meet some movement is is
just really I don't know if I have the
accurate word but it's badass
you
