you are a true friend of the crown dilly
dilly what the hell is dilly dilly dilly
dilly doesn't mean anything and that's
the beauty of it I think that we all
need our moments of nonsense and fun and
I think that daily deal in a way
represents that
a lot of people ask me how did you
approve that to tell the truth we never
expected this to be so successful he
literally he didn't test that well we
did that bad actually because of the the
new season of Game of Thrones cami but
when we tested and didn't test that well
we said consumers will get it and
especially with the repetition we have a
chance here for this to become big do we
do it so we went against the research
and we gave a chance to dilly dilly and
we are so happy I think that one of the
proofs of success nowadays from a
cultural standpoint is when you go to
Amazon and you don't do anything there
are people already selling t-shirts two
weeks ago a mint on Amazon there were
like ten different types of dilly dilly
t-shirts I said yes that's that's it it
becomes a cultural currency we want
everybody to really deal in their lives
or no problem we are gonna bring more
fun more daily dailies Super Ball is
pretty close maybe we'll surprised with
the daily deals I don't know maybe
you
