to start us off this morning I RBI
intelligence research team Kevin
Gallagher and Rob elder and I've put
together 14 things we think you'll want
to know about the future of the media
business and media so we'll jump right
into that some of them are quick some of
them are deeper well starting with the
most important one which is we are
reaching an inflection point in the US
media industry that is a big change over
the last 20 years what does that mean
well stepping back from the horrible
news headlines that we see every day
actually if you take a long-term look
there are many things with humanity that
are going really well we are curing lots
of diseases child mortality is going
down and our relentless search for
improved innovations and productivity is
freeing up time in fact over the last
200 years human beings have figured out
how to save themselves in developed
countries about four hours of work per
day and so you say well what does that
have to do with media the answer is we
have also answered the question of what
we do with that time that we save work
right now we spend these four hours
watching television and in fact the
consulting firm activate has recently
done a very significant study of what
people do all day and it turns out that
really what we do all day is multitask
we're doing many different things at
once and that twelve hours of every day
the 31 hours of activity that we squeeze
into 24 hours is actually media and tech
usage there is some sleep in there
there's some work there's some cooking
and socializing but most of the day is
spent consuming media and technology so
that is a lot that is helped power the
growth of the media industry in in the
United States and elsewhere over the
last few years the last few decades and
in fact Digital is now the most used
medium of all TV is still a prodigious
four hours a day but we're up to about
six hours of digital so what's changing
well what's changing is the big driver
of the digital growth over the last
twenty years has been the connection
first in desktop and then of mobile of
pretty much everybody in the developed
world we are now all connected
and we all have a finite amount of time
so the addition of new people in
developed countries is not going to
drive that much more time and in fact
when activate did it study what it
concluded is that over the next five
years we're only going to add another of
eighteen minutes of media consumption
versus the six hours or so that we've
added over the past 20 years
so a 1% growth rate so so what does that
mean it just means that there is finite
time or finite number of providers we're
not going to have this big growth engine
that we've had over the past 20 years
Digital will continue to take share
analog media is continuing to move to
digital across all media that will
continue but the rate at which it is
growing will slow in fact we think it'll
only grow about 2% this year in terms of
total time meanwhile as we all know the
Internet is destroying a lot of the
geographical and media protectors that
have protected a lot of legacy media
over the past century look at newspapers
they were for a long time protected in
their geographical niches national and
local same with cable media were
separated those laws are coming apart
and the Internet is now basically
created this world where everything in
the world that is produced for media is
a click away everybody is competing with
everybody else it doesn't matter what
media you came from we're all competing
for that five hours so an already
intense competition is now reaching this
hyper intense level and the something
that any media company obviously has to
deal with and then lastly what we're
finding is that advertisers for
understandable reasons are actually
deciding that they want to work with
fewer media companies they want to work
with bigger partners that can solve
their problems all over the world rather
than hundreds of smaller companies and
consumers are embracing subscriptions
online but they don't want dozens of
them what we want are a few big
subscriptions that do everything for us
so what does all this mean well there
was this dream sometimes that this new
media industry can be a thousand media
companies there will be no concentration
of power that is proving to be one of
many incorrect assumptions about this
medium so we are likely to see lots more
datian some folks thinks that's good
some phone thing is bad but it is going
to happen and so we have a lot of that
to look forward to so that could be
regarded as bad news now that we have
that out of the day that way we'll go to
the good news the good news is humans
will always want great media and they
will want it wherever whenever they
happen to be they will want to talk
about it they will want to share it and
they will do it in the most convenient
way possible and our new technologies
are fantastic at that including
platforms hardware screens everything
this isn't going away we know what
people do with the time that they free
up and that is consume media and
communicates third the peak media
phenomenon is only a developed world
phenomenon we still have four billion
people to come online they will consume
a lot more media so internationally huge
opportunities there fourth digital ad
spending is still growing ad spending
tends to lag attention by about five
years so if we are actually maxing out
the amount of time we could spend
consuming media each day we still have
five years of advertising catching up
with that and in Asia and other areas
it's growing extraordinarily quickly so
big opportunities there in fact
asia-pacific is now projected to be the
biggest ad market going forward for
digital ads in the world which is
amazing passing the blue line which is
the United States and North America so
the opportunities are in the east go
east young people to change and update
the old phrase secondly digital is very
much a global business it used to be the
TV networks were confined to their
particular areas newspapers same as I
said before now the big media companies
including the big platforms are very
much global Business Insider had an
amazing moment last month where our
international readership and viewership
Pastore us for the first time
extraordinary to see that so we really
are developing global opportunities and
more only at the beginning of that the
fifth point in the 14 things we think
you want to know about the future of
media is that what we would describe as
modern TV networks the OTT networks will
increasingly dominate video distribution
over time we all know that the decline
of pay TV is accelerating every quarter
more and more people quote
the cord and satisfy themselves with
what's available online or through
Netflix or Hulu and others that will
likely continue it's not a collapse by
any means small percentages but it will
continue over time then younger TV
viewership in particular is collapsing
if you look at all over TV ratings and
viewership what you find is that it's
actually hanging in there pretty well
and the rate of decline has slowed but
when you get into the demographics of
that what you find is that old people
like me who grew up watching television
still occasionally come home and turn on
the television we also multitask with or
both our laptop in my case and phone at
the same time but we turn on the TV
maybe watch sports so older people have
actually increased above 50 years old
their media their TV consumption a
little bit per day over the last five
years but everybody younger than that is
rapidly watching less and less in fact
the really younger demographics are down
40% over the past five years so TV is
really fragmenting it's becoming older
meanwhile modern TV networks Netflix
Hulu Amazon Prime others growing
incredibly rapidly across all
demographics why is that we all know
they are simply more convenient you can
watch them anywhere anytime you can
watch whatever you want to watch just
much easier and importantly right now
they are a much better value than legacy
TV in fact if you look at the cost of
Netflix to a consumer per hour of
consumption it's about 1/4 the cost of
your legacy cable TV subscription so
there is a long way to go in terms of
pricing power in terms of value that is
also accelerating the adoption of these
modern TV networks and the other thing
that this is doing because they reach so
many more people when at full scale like
Netflix is the content budgets are now
beginning to rival and will soon exceed
those of traditional networks five years
ago Netflix was it considered a joke
still by the entertainment industry TV
industry in this year Netflix is content
budget will almost rival ESPN next year
it will be bigger than that Amazon and
Hulu and others are right behind them so
there was no longer this big money berry
in fact the economics of these global
modern TV networks will ultimately allow
them to spend many multiples of what the
traditional TV networks can spend just a
little bit more context five years ago
everyone thought okay fine but these are
terrible businesses that never work you
can't monetize this content nobody cares
and and TV networks rule anything now if
you look at Apple and Netflix the two
top lines here relative to a an average
cable network you can already see that
the businesses themselves are colossal
YouTube again the butt of many jokes
only five years ago now Dwarfs what was
considered big media when I got into
this business which was CBS Network and
CBS as you can see the green line is
declining every year YouTube is soaring
sky is the limit there so already these
companies have blown past and heavy a
really uninterrupted future going
forward it's not just TV digital radio
games every year again the same more
convenient what you want anywhere aspect
of it that you don't have with radio and
podcasting is still very small fact I
would say there's more hype around
podcasting than the reality but the
spending is growing rapidly content
choices are growing rapidly so we should
continue to see this eat away at
traditional radio over the next few
years number six in the fourteen things
there is this theory or hope or dream
among a lot of media companies who have
struggled to make the economics of
text-based digital media work that video
is going to save everything so you hear
all the time we are going to pivot to
video and save ourselves this is crazy
video is every bit as difficult to make
a living in in fact even more so in many
cases than text it is very different it
is not just simply a pivot okay we'll
make video now it's very very hard and
expensive to make compelling video the
same way it is to make text stories that
stand out in this huge sea of media so I
would respectfully suggest that the
pivot to video will not be saving a lot
of companies that can't figure out how
to make it in text and there is another
theory that people are espousing these
days that is also nuts which is the idea
that all media will soon
video no one will read anymore and no
one will listen to anything I think if
you all look at how you consume media
you will find that there are some
stories that can only be told in a
narrative investigative article better
told with words other stories it's way
better if you see it
that's where video is great some stories
are awesome with still photographs some
things we want to listen to we can't
look at anything so all of these story
formats will continue to exist and do
very well
another Jiri theory you hear is no we
are not going to reach peak media
because we now have these new amazing
things that are going to immerse us in
media in more such as smart speakers
alexa in every room siri in every room
will have that much more media and
self-driving cars that will create many
more media hours they will create a
little bit but not a lot why smart
speaker users do say yes we consume a
little bit more music a little bit more
news but really when you think about
what a smart speaker is it is just a
remote control that you could turn on
the radio that was already there or the
stereo that was already there it's not
adding something new that time is
usually already filled with music news
and and so forth so incremental but not
a lot more cars people do spend five
weeks a year commuting that is a lot of
time but drivers already listen to the
radio and other forms of audio while
they are doing that and any passenger in
a car any head of the family will
recognize that nobody else in the car is
listening to the radio because they are
all consuming whatever media they want
on their phone so there is already
tremendous media consumption going on in
cars there will be a little bit more as
the driver can multitask but not a lot
more so this is why we're still only
looking at 18 minutes more number 9
augmented reality is the future it will
soon be everywhere
I'm sure Nick Bell will have somebody to
say about that snapchat next virtual
reality on the other hand has been a bit
overhyped it will be in the foreseeable
future a great training a to be great
for gaming but it's not going to
suddenly become a mainstream technology
it's just too big expensive cumbersome
and ultimately augmented reality in the
next few years is going to be the thing
that everybody focus on it but good new
there is still a huge and unfolding
media opportunity and that is social
stories if you look at the video
consumption on the many social networks
including YouTube now just extraordinary
quarter-over-quarter growth video in
particular is doing amazingly well those
of you who have consumed and made some
of these will know that this is a very
different kind of story it's not TV it's
certainly not web video it's different
kind of distribution there are many
different small different things but
they add up to a lot these things look
easy to make but they are not as anybody
who is experimented with them so but if
you look around at least my kitchen
table in the morning it's no longer
people are reading newspapers they are
now with their phones going through
Instagram going through Facebook
snapchat consuming huge amounts of
things and the great thing is you can
tell any kind of story in these it's
extraordinary so just to give you a
quick example if you didn't see this
last week this was a video we made that
is viewed by 70 million of you
they now have seatbelts for pets in cars
who knew this dad thought that the
carrier was fine that they would be safe
in that in the crash as the video will
show us momentarily in fact the carrier
is not safe in a crash at all they've
done sled tests here you have it
yeah so seat belt for your pet one thing
that I was struck by here is for some
reason they can't sit on their tail they
have to be propped up the tail has to be
dangling down but this is the sort of
thing that you see again and again so we
watch the rest of the pet video later
but maybe you missed the walking
starfish this is what they look like on
land one of the stories that we're so
excited about recently is you can tell
these mini nature docks like this where
and we don't have a half an hour but we
can certainly learn about some cool
animal in in the few minutes that we do
have and this is what starfish look like
when they are on land so lots more where
that came from if you want to see them
number 11 of the 14 things the duopoly
that we hear so much about using with
usually with gnashing of teeth and
whining from a lot of media companies
who prefer the old world where they were
a lot more powerful in and of themselves
the duopoly is a fact of life and it is
not new this is the important thing yes
if you look at global media it is Google
Facebook and other they are swallowing
most of the world of advertising but big
distributors have always had huge power
in the media industry let us be thankful
in fact that it is not a monopoly which
cable was for a long time or the three
broadcast networks controlling all of
the spectrum that was media power here
you actually do have the ability to
reach people even if you are not in fact
part of Google Facebook or one of the
other platforms and secondly big media
distributors need great media there is a
symbiotic relationship here and in fact
if you go back in the history of the
cable industry what you found is that
first thing that happened is we hooked
up all the houses we got the
distribution platform in place and then
it created this mechanism for the
creation of 500 networks on top of that
because the cable companies need content
yes
there's always an argument about who's
in charge who's more powerful who's the
better business model in this case
there's no question who has the better
business model but we need each other so
it's not either/or it is both and one of
the things that most folks
focus on is that the big platforms
including Facebook and Google are now
paying out billions of dollars a year to
media companies for their content
they're doing this through a variety of
ways but ultimately this is likely to
increase every year they will seek the
best content especially as they get more
controlling over what's going over their
networks so media companies stop whining
and start partnering 12 distributors
like Facebook and Google and others they
are going to increasingly need to take
more responsibility for what is shown on
their networks don't need to go into it
but the fact that Russia may have played
with our election through the use of our
networks and we didn't know anything
about it imagine if that had happened
with TV if suddenly Russia had taken
control of NBC and used it to sway our
election the unthinkable
there would be outrage there would be
control so forth there are many other
things like that the spread of faced new
fake news platforms ultimately they want
to be family friendly or gonna have to
get much more aggressive about this and
and that is already happening 13 of 14
we are finally after 10 years or 15
years starting to see real innovation in
digital video ads one thing Jeff Bezos
said to me when he invested in Business
Insider a long time ago I said God you
guys have the greatest videos this is
before he bought the Washington Post and
had to figure out how to fund it is that
but you know what it's like 30-second
video and there's a 30-second ad in
front of it like you know that's not a
great experience and I'd say you know I
agree that's not a great experience but
here's the perspective from advertisers
they spend a million dollars creating
this amazing ad they want to put it out
there especially cuz people aren't
watching TV anymore so I can certainly
understand it but it's not great
fortunately we are now getting evolution
on this because we can all agree
30-second ads are not great on the
mobile phone when you're hanging in
there to watch a 20 second clip and in
our survey of consumers they are much
more receptive to skippable ads and
short ads where they have control over
their device so we're now finally seeing
more and more clients go this way and
agencies start to embrace this YouTube
said it's skippable ads very successful
people only watch them if they're
interested
sometimes they watch them all the way to
the end 6minutes brands and agencies are
also finally embracing
what I would describe is digital length
adds six seconds and even shorter maybe
you've seen some of these if you haven't
it turns out you can tell great stories
in six seconds you don't need 30 so
imagine you're scrolling on your phone
and you see something like this you got
it you don't need more than that no
question about what product is being
advertised there I know about it I'm
checking the trailer I saw it I heard it
I want it krispy kreme Australia
so I would respectfully submit you can
do a lot with six seconds and these
solve a lot of the problems with current
digital advertising you want to be able
to put it everywhere you want to be able
to scale it you want to be able to
really use the assets ultimately as the
industry embraces this hopefully we will
finally have a native digital ad so
finally number fourteen I am often asked
and have been often asked over the past
ten years you know can just advertising
work online can you support yourself on
that no one will ever pay for anything
oh they will pay for things so maybe
subscriptions are better is it
subscriptions or ads which work commerce
is that fair hard work could you ever
fund a media business with that these
questions have been answered there is no
right model for digital media they all
work it is fantastic we are in a golden
age for this new media ecosystem growing
very rapidly yes its hyper competitive
yes we all have to earn our attention
every day as consumers deserve us to try
to do but it is a golden age and
ultimately the future of media is
getting better all the time
you
