you know when you're constantly speaking
your mind you're gonna say things that
don't always resonate or people don't
agree with I think one notable one is
Santa is white on Fox is a moment in
slate they have a piece on Comm
Santa Claus should not be a white man
anymore and when I saw this headline I
kind of laughed and I said this is so
ridiculous yet another person claiming
it's racist to have a white Santa you
know and by the way for all you kids
watching at home
Santa just is white but this person is
just arguing that that maybe we should
we should also have a black Santa but
you know Santa is what he is and just so
you know we're just debating this
because someone wrote about it kids the
first week of your show there were a few
statements that rub people the wrong way
about change find a plastic surgery and
things like that upon further reflection
do you regret anything that you've set
out there and is Santa still white I
regret a lot of what I've said I mean
you're gonna be on the air several hours
a week live television you're gonna stay
stupid it's that's just the reality you
know so yeah there's a lot I'd like to
go back and say differently all I can
tell you is I think the lens is a truth
teller and people who watch your day
after day will see who you are without
the caricature of you that's put out
there by websites and so on looming over
you you know I one of my great struggles
at Fox was I fell everything I did was
viewed through a negative prism by those
who didn't like Fox or what it stands
for and I hated that you know I think
there's a lot of people over there who
are good people and solid journalists
who I love who struggle with that and
I'm sure people at other stations have
the same thing you know people have a
worldview about certain journalists or
their organizations and I really hope
that in my new position people will just
just see me for who I am and not through
that not through that prism you know so
far I feel like it's happening but I
feel like time will tell you'll you'll
see me and you'll you'll figure out who
I am and then people will accept or not
accept based on what they see and that's
all that's all I can ask for anybody
