I can tell you I can tell you one thing
for sure we don't need a liberal person
in there a Democrat Jones I've looked at
his record it's terrible in crime it's
terrible in the border it's terrible in
the military I can tell you for a fact
we do not need somebody that's going to
be bad on drying bad on borders bad with
a military bad for the secular members
while he denies it look he denies it I
mean if you look at what what is really
going on and you look at all the things
that have happened over the last 48
hours he totally denies it he says it
didn't happen and you know you have to
listen to him also you're talking about
he said 40 years ago this did not happen
so you know I'll be letting you know
next week but I can tell you you don't
need somebody who's soft on crime like
Jones
