I was simplified for I would do it one
of my friends did to me I would check a
hundred-dollar bill and ripping it out
and I said $50 don't even look at it
I don't look at it now there's other 50
you can play winter whatever you want
but if you're smart you'll rip this 50
up and you save that and now there's $25
do whatever you want you want a hospital
$10 grafite do it you want cars do it
but keep it right here
so my son makes it Amir that's exactly
one to tell him maybe it does a great
job of you know preparing people and
warning people but you know sometimes
you just get so much money and you
forget like if you got a five-year deal
worth 100 million you're making 20 you
spend like 20 in the first year but you
know what I got another 20 coming
that's how guys are thinking I always
tell them don't think about what's going
on now think about what has to go on in
the future and that was fitting like an
NBA check like my first four years
general I got married have kids all that
changes but that's to simplify for
because you know a lot of people don't
have the business model at the business
stack so you have to bring it out on
their language so I would say save 75
and it's 25 do whatever you want to do
it take a family boom BAM house
apartment car but don't ever don't ever
do more than this
