this looks like paint it's like very
solid and it doesn't move or jiggle I
don't know if it's edible or not um it's
good it's just nacho cheese you know not
super authentic but kind of what you
would come to expect from a nacho tastes
like movie-theater cheese this is
definitely like a cheese sauce a very
American cheese sauce it tastes exactly
like the cheese that comes out of the
7-eleven machine now I really don't like
that that much
okay that case always good it looks like
it has more like peppers or other
ingredients into it that's really good
yeah it's got flavor it's nice I like it
it kind of has a different consistency
it doesn't have like the super smooth
consistency that you might see from what
you would expect from nachos this is a
dinner party type cheese you know this
is a you're having a Super Bowl
someone's bringing over some some cheese
and chips
they're bringing this alright so I
definitely like this one better already
like nacho cheese to was doing a little
bit too much if you want to eat
something delicious I would go for a
number two chip one wins for me yeah the
first one kind of sucked I think they
were both kind of bad obviously this
cheese is better than that cheese but
there are two completely different
things
