without further ado professor Galloway
my name is Skye ko I teach at NYU and I
appreciate your time I have a hundred
and eighteen slides in 1800 seconds
seventeen seconds per slide so let's
light this candle I have two
presentations one is five minutes to
summary of the presentation I was gonna
give and then a twenty five minute
presentation on content that I have
never presented before the reason I
highlight that is such that my friend
Henry Blodgett has plausible deniability
for what I'm about to say this is the
first in the last slide every one of my
6,200 students has seen in the brand
strategy course I teach at NYU you can't
build a company with hundreds of
millions of users and billions and
shareholder value without appealing
directly to a court instinct or order so
let's start with the big four the brain
since we have come out of caves we've
taken advantage of our competitive
advantages of species and that is we
have very big brain so big that our
bodies need to be expelled from our
mothers because our brain becomes too
big we're born premature and our brain
is sophisticated enough to ask very
complex questions but not sophisticated
enough to answer them will my kid be all
right we've all sent a prayer up into
the universe what is a prayer a query
assuming there's going to be some sort
of divine intervention that sees
everything and send back the answer well
my kid be all right
symptoms and treatment of croup think of
everything you have typed into the
Google query box and you're gonna
recognize you trust Google more than any
priest scholar rabbi coach mentor boss
Google knows if you're about to get
married and knows if you're about to get
divorced it knows what diseases you have
and knows what diseases you have exposed
yourself to Google knows more about you
than any entity in your history past or
present let's move further down the
torso Facebook is tapping into our need
to love one of the wonderful things
about our species is that we not only
need to be loved kids with poor
nutrition and decent mounts of affection
have better outcomes and kids with good
affection excuse me with poor
and good nutrition but we need to love
others when you decide to let your
parents move in with you your life
expectancy goes up two to three years
new mothers do not die the physical and
mental nuance of caregiving is the most
important thing for our species and such
that it literally releases a hormone
that clears out the bad cholesterol and
you get to stick around longer the
strongest signal of whether you'll join
the fastest-growing demographic groups
and the Aryans is how many people in
your life simply put do you love moving
further down the torso more more is
built into us again since we emerge from
caves too little was a terrible death of
starvation so open your cupboards open
your closets ten to a hundred times what
you need you rationally know you have
ten to 100 times what you need and the
next feeling you have I need more
because the penalty for more is gluttony
may lethargy maybe diabetes with a 20 or
30 year lag but more for less is the
original gangster business strategy and
typically the most valuable company in
the world is the one that offers more
for less it's the strategy of China it
was the strategy of Walmart and now it's
Amazon who is going to be the most
valuable company in the world Apple
after survival our strongest instinct is
procreation the men in here are not
wearing watches they're wearing $11,000
of Malcolm's of plastic steel and
leather that effectively communicate to
the other sex or ineffectively in most
cases if you made with me your kids are
more likely to survive and then if you
mate with someone wearing a swatch watch
for the first time we now have a tech
device that communicates that you're
part of the unification class you live
in a city you appreciates the Arts you
probably make a good living you're
interesting you're groovy you have
better genes just as waving an Android
phone Tang with the Discover card or
having ad-supported pandora is like a
prophylactic saying don't have sex with
me these companies have literally
disarticulated who we are and reassemble
them in the form in the form of
for-profit companies and created more
shareholder value and influence than any
other entities with the exception of the
US and China 2008 they had the GDP of
Niger in terms of the market cap as of
today they have the GDP of India they've
blown past Canada they've blown past
Russia and I would argue to have more
and
than any entities maybe the exception of
Russia or China if you look at where the
most value has accreted it's changed
dramatically just in the last 11 years
petroleum companies conglomerates now
it's all tech companies including the
big four and arguably if I was gonna
write another book called the five you
would have to include Microsoft so
that's a summary of my talk that I
usually give about my book before but
what is the chapter I didn't write i'm
clement coming out of the closet is
somebody who after studying these
companies pretty intensely for two years
and working in and around them for the
last ten I believe actually I know these
companies should be broken up so why
let's start off is it because they're
evil okay there are some evil things
going on the majority I watched the
livestream yesterday saying we want to
give we want to give voice to people
that's what I keep hearing that's Latin
for we won't don't want to own up to the
responsibilities of a media company we
don't want to take responsibility for
the terrible things that happen when we
don't monitor when our platforms are
weaponized so effectively you have the
majority of fake news being sponsored by
social media who legitimizes fake media
by putting legitimate news next to it on
their platforms and I sign a code of
conduct every year at NYU saying I won't
curse I won't be sexist I won't talk
about politics so I am absolutely not
going to say here that Zuckerberg has
become Putin's bitch I'm just not gonna
say it the initial response it's not a
crisis that does the damage it's the
response to the crisis that does the
damage to a company so the initial
response that the Facebook platform had
been weaponized was this notion is crazy
dinner graduated to okay a few million
people saw these impressions now we're
at hundreds of millions of people have
seen content whose sole purpose was to
sow chaos and what was the incredible
artificial intelligence to save us from
this it somehow missed that these ads
were paid for with a credit card and in
rubles which gives you a sense of the
amount of resources being devoted to
ensure these platforms are not
weaponized we're not a media company
we're a technology company we're
allergic we love the celebrity the
influence and the margins of a media
company but we're allergic to the
responsibilities we're a platform so
query me this if McDonald's said alright
we've been serving 80% of our beef is
fake and you're angry at us because
people are getting encephalitis and
making really bad decisions and you say
hey McDonald's I'm pissed off 80% of
your beef is fake and you're not taking
responsibility would we accept
McDonald's saying well hold up hold up
we're not a fast-food restaurant we're a
fast-food platform we wouldn't accept it
we wouldn't accept it from McDonald's
nor should we accept it from facebook
facebook says they're not a media
company the definition the little
definition of a media company is a firm
that uses a medium for reach and
influence there is no other entity in
the history of mankind that is more
media ish than Facebook is right now
some quick definitions as you go into
this conference or the second day to
help you sort through what people are
staying on stage when people say
platform what they really mean is we're
a media company but want to operate in
another land of unprecedented multiples
and no accountability when people say
things like impossible or First
Amendment or we can't be arbiters of
truth what they're really saying is
we're not going to do anything that's
unprofitable Facebook could absolutely
stop all this negative behavior if the
New York Times can save us from being
weaponized by Russia with a hundred
million in free cash flow then Facebook
can do it with twenty billion in free
cash flow we're not talking about the
realm of the possible here we're talking
about the realm of the profitable so
when Google and Facebook's say this
would be impossible what they're saying
is it would dent our profits which in
our mine is unthinkable and impossible
innovation at conferences like this
typically means elegant theft a way to
leverage other people's cars other
people's capital expenditure your data
we need to do better I hear that a lot
lately what does that mean we know we're
wrong and have no intention of doing
anything about it
these companies wrap themselves in a
progressive neon blue pink rainbow
blanket to create the ultimate
illusionist trick
hey aren't we nice because we
progressives are largely seen as nice
but weak we're now on all dough we're
threat to anybody whereas conservatives
are seen as smart but main so the
perfect illusionist trick is to have
very overt progressive values these
companies pimp because it creates sheep
around what is effectively companies
that during the business day more and
more like the Darth of Darth excuse me
the spawn of Darth Vader or an ran so
the ultimate cover hey everybody lean in
if Sheryl Sandberg was for gun rights or
pro-life would Facebook be flying her
around the world to talk about her
political views I'm not doubting their
actual principles and their political
views but it's convenient that it foots
to this illusionist trick that we're
nice and cuddly so you don't need to
worry about our rapacious behavior
during the day
Mark Zuckerberg wants to give voice to
1.4 billion Chinese now I'm a bit of a
cynic I think he wants to give more
advertising to Chobani to an emerging
market of disposable income but we've
given voice or Facebook has given voice
or about 350 million people in Southeast
Asia there's a lot of very negative
things happening on that platform yet
there doesn't seem to be much of a
reaction or responsibility for the voice
that has been given to folks in
Southeast Asia and what are some of the
outcomes around that I want to
acknowledge up front there's a ton of
great stuff happening on these platforms
whether it's parents with kids with
unique diseases or the Arab Spring but
until about three months ago that is
literally all we talked about and we
have to have an adult conversation about
both the upsides and the downsides and I
feel like for the first time we're
having a serious conversation so whose
fault is this whose fault is it what's
gone wrong it's our fault we have
elected leaders that effectively don't
hold these companies accountable when
Google lies to the EU and uses their
influence to pimp their downstream
businesses and send traffic to their own
properties which are not supposed to do
the EU find some 2.7 billion dollars
which is equivalent to 3% of their cash
when Facebook lies to the EU
commissioner trying to get the website
whatsapp approval merger approved they
say it would be impossible quote
impossible for them to share the data
between their core platform and the what
and whatsapp the merger is approved
boiler alert three months later they
figure it out the EU says we feel lied
to so we're gonna find you a hundred and
twenty two million dollars which is
equivalent to 0.6 percent of the 19
billion dollar acquisition price if Mark
Zuckerberg could buy an insurance policy
for 0.6% called line that the
acquisition would go through would that
be a good insurance policy to purchase
these are VR elected officials we're a
democracy we have basically told these
companies that the smart thing to do the
shareholder thing to do is to lie to us
and to break the law we are issuing
$0.25 parking tickets on a meter that
costs $100 every 15 minutes what would
you do why are we so angry I did this
for a friend last night it's like now
why are you so angry and I reminded him
that I hate my life less and less every
day anyway so I think we have for
whatever reason we personified these
brands we feel them we're in a
relationship with them and we've also
come to believe that technology is
ultimately a weapon of betterment for
Humanity so let's review that in 1942 a
hundred thousand very smart Americans
got together in the southwest with
literally the objective of saving the
world they were using slingshot like
technology and they came together and
said we're in a foot race with Hitler
and if we don't get there first it's the
end of the world and we literally did
save the world my mother in 1944 was a
four year old Jew living in London a
strip of ocean the brains brawn and
blood of the British the US and Russian
soldiers combined with technology saved
her life I would not be here if it
wasn't for technology 25 years later
400,000 British Canadian and Americans
and some former Nazi rocket engineers
using more sophisticated but still
fairly rudimentary technology did the
impossible and put a man on the moon
which given the technology at the time
is still likely the most impressive
accomplishment we have a species have
pulled off now we have 700,000 of the
best and brightest from the four corners
of the earth
they are literally playing with the
lasers compared to the square cons and
the slingshots of the NASA and Manhattan
projects and what is the greatest
collection of humanity of IQ and a
finance
Capital but brought together to
accomplish to solve world hunger to
great greater comity of man to perhaps
get us to communicate more thoughtfully
about how we lift ourselves up how we
communicate before conflict I don't
think so I generally think I know why
these companies have come together I
know their singular mission of the
greatest concentration of IQ capital and
technology in history and simply put its
to sell another fucking Nissan and I
think we are really disappointed I think
we got spoiled I think we're used to
technology being 99% the betterment of
humanity 1% the pursuit of shareholder
value and slowly but surely since 1970
it's entirely flipped and now technology
is 99% about shareholder value and 1%
about the betterment of humanity should
we break them up because they avoid
taxes we not only comply with the laws
but we comply with the spirit of the
laws no not really
not really this is apples headquarters
Apple licenses their IP to their
international unit in Jersey which is a
as far as I know a small island
somewhere in Europe and then the
international unit charges their high
tax domains in the US tens of billions
of dollars in licensing fees suppressing
the profits and high def tax domains
increasing the profits in low tax
domains so this is the headquarters for
Apple international that's the sign out
front in Jersey as a result they have
250 billion or a quarter of a trillion
dollars of the GDP of Denmark held
overseas and has created a narrative let
us bring it back it shouldn't have been
there to begin with we're talking about
giving them a tax holiday here's an idea
tax them one percent a month for all
profits that have being held overseas
because of gymnastics and tax avoidance
they're effectively paying a four
percent tax rate on these profits held
overseas what is your tax rate Apple is
not alone here Amazon is paid 1.4
billion in taxes since the Great
Recession Walmart has paid 64 billion
what does it mean when the most
successful companies in the world don't
pay taxes means our firefighters our
soldiers and our roads got to be paid
back up
means that are less successful our tax
system has basically become a regressive
structural economic system that holds
back the small and medium-sized
businesses Alexa is this a good thing
this is despite the fact that Amazon has
added the market cap of Walmart in the
last 19 months but it's paid 1.4 billion
in taxes versus Walmart at 64 billion
however everybody in this room tries to
avoid taxes General Electric tries to
avoid taxes they're doing what they're
supposed to be doing again we haven't
elected to people it's our fault to hold
these companies to the same scrutiny and
standards we hold other citizens and
other companies to it's our fault we're
letting them do this it's legal should
we break them up because they destroy
jobs this year Google and Facebook will
add 23 billion dollars in income in
order to service that income they need
to hire another 14,000 people this is by
the way as a zero growth business
advertising so every person or every
dollar they take someone else is losing
it traditional media companies in order
to service the 22 billion dollars that
they're gonna lose need a hundred and
fifty thousand people or put another way
there's gonna be out of a hundred and
forty thousand people from the
communications and media industry
globally who are gonna decide to spend
more family more time with their family
this year that's two and a half Yankee
Stadium still copywriter strategy
planners and account executives who
every year on January 1 are gonna get
their pink slips courtesy of Facebook
and Google Australia is a pretty good
proxy for what happens when big text
shows up traditional media in Australia
has gone from in 2010 from 12 million to
six and a half billion just in ten years
where's tax gone from one and a half to
ten billion so do we break them up
because they destroy jobs again that's a
hard rationale Manufacturing destroyed a
ton of jobs and farming services is
destroying jobs and manufacturing in out
tech is destroying jobs and services we
need job destroyers it's kind of a
synonym for innovators so alone it's
really not a reason to break them up so
why do we break up these guys why do I
believe we should break them up and my
believe is that we go in and we break
these guys up
because . were capitalists and what does
it mean to be a capitalist i believe a
capitalism is the worst system of its
kind except for all the rest and i'm
stealing from Winston Churchill who said
the same thing about democracy but
effectively for capitalism you need
private property wage labor voluntary
exchange price system and most
importantly you need competitive full
body contact marketplaces and what I'm
here today to tell you is that I believe
the markets have failed now some
examples of how they failed google can't
resist and over time the shading telling
you that this isn't us this is a paid ad
that's slowly gone away Google used to
say we'll take you to the best place on
the home screen now slowly but surely
because they have to increase the
earnings every quarter they're no longer
you taking you to the best place they're
taking you to their place where they can
monetize more of the screen to PLA s and
such so they are effectively restraining
competition by using their massive
gateway to curb people into the things
that they own the company says it's
investing for the future skeptics say it
would have to sell every book being sold
in the world today to justify its stock
price I think my generation grew up with
Sears and Amazon is worth 20% more than
Sears is worth the market capitalization
I think you that phenomenon that Amazon
today is worth more than Sears investors
our focus well looks look at that
phenomenon today Sears is worth half a
billion dollars Amazon is worth 570 does
this look like a healthy retail echo
system to you retail is probably the
second or third largest business in
America this is the echo system right
now these are the largest retailers and
their performance Jeff Bezos announces
in early January of this year we've had
our best holiday ever what happens the
next day Amazon stock goes up and every
other retail stock goes down the markets
are failing in the consumer world
because consumer stocks now move for
three reasons one the underlying
performance of the stock to the
macro-environment and then three what
Amazon is or isn't doing in that sector
key to robust markets is that no one
player individual that's too much
influenced and now I can tell you
someone who sends somewhere between 40
and 50 consumer board meetings a year
all we're doing is allocating capital
and what we think Amazon is or isn't
going to do the markets are failing
Amazon acquires whole food so this is me
boasting Amazon will make a
transformative brick-and-mortar
acquisition in the next 12 months in sum
I predicted I got location is that I
predicted that Amazon would acquire
Whole Foods the week before it happened
I believe they're gonna buy a Macy's by
the way I want to acknowledge that
seeing me a video of me on top of me is
like shavings of shit on a shit salad so
I apologize and people say well how did
you know this this is how I knew that
Amazon was about to acquire Whole Foods
we bark at Amazon Alexa all the time
Alexa buy whole milk I couldn't find
anything for home milk so I've added
whole milk to your shopping list and
then I barked Alexa buy organic foods
the top search result for organic food
is plum organics baby food banana and
pumpkin 12 pack of four ounces each it's
$15 total would you like to buy it and
then as often happens more frequently at
my age I Bart the following accidentally
Alexa by Whole Foods I have purchased
the outstanding stock of Whole Foods
Incorporated at 42 dollars per share
I have charged 13.7 billion to your
American Express card I thought that'd
be funnier
Amazon announces they're acquiring Whole
Foods their stock price their market cap
goes up by almost the acquisition price
and the value of their competitors goes
down by more than the acquisition price
Amazon can now acquire other companies
on someone else's credit card markets
are failing since they purchased it
they've coalfields they've cut the price
of kale 13% Sam at 33% and in between
the time they purchased announced the
purchase of Whole Foods and closed it
the price of the value of the largest
pure-play grocer in America Kroger had
declined by 33 percent and this is a
company that is 11 times the size of
Whole Foods every company now seems to
go down based on what Amazon does or
doesn't do including manufacturers
brands Nike announces that they're gonna
begin distributing on Amazon they go up
every other Footwear company goes down
in one day they add the value of Federal
Express or 400 of the espys valuation
combined our democracy is breaking down
because these companies have become too
powerful the hq2 thing is out of control
my favorite one of Chicago is offering
to return employee payroll taxes to
Amazon or put another way they give an
Amazon permission to tax their own
employees keep those taxes and then
decide how those coffers are held that
money that used to go into municipal
coffers should be spent I think our
government is basically folded and said
we acknowledge you're more powerful than
us I think that's markets failing people
say well if you long as they're good for
the consumer and they're low prices we
shouldn't break them up that's kind of
University of Chicago and Bork basic
trust theory for antitrust if it's good
for the consumer leave them alone and
these are low prices but tell me this if
at some point we'd there's going to be
monopoly prices if at some point we wake
up and there's really not very many
retailers around no cloud providers
except for one they will have monopolies
like power and be able to extract
monopolies around some people say well
that's not really sure that's conjecture
and I said well let's look at the
ultimate arbiter of what is probably
going to happen and I would argue that's
the markets what is the market telling
us the market puts a multiple on EBIT to
Macy's at 5.30 argot six point one
Walmart 11 Oh
Walmart's having its best year ever
trades in a multiple of evita and the
market has decided that Amazon gets a
multiple of 47 so isn't the market
telling us that at some point soon
Amazon is gonna have so much power it's
gonna be able to charge monopoly like
rents now the narrative Amazon puts
forward is wait hold on we're only 4% of
retail how can you break a separate
regulators for only 4% of retail yeah
sort of
they're also 24 percent of all retail
growth in the largest economy in the
world they're also a third of all cloud
revenue the fastest growing most
profitable business and technology
they're also 44 percent of all US
e-commerce sales there can you back up
one slide there 55% of all Black Friday
sales they are 62 percent of US
households in the form of prime where
people have a cable pipe of stuff into
their house called prime then voted in
the US election or have a landline phone
in three to five years of trends
continue more people are gonna have a
cable pipe of stuff called prime coming
into their household on cable television
oh and that they have 70% share of the
most important technology of the next
ten years Voice four percent I don't
think so they're not the only ones
Google has a 90 plus percent share of a
market search then now by dollar volume
is a bigger market than any advertising
market of any nation with the exception
of the US if hotels railroads Airlines
advertising of any of these industries
petroleum had a 90 plus percent share in
the US wouldn't we be talking constantly
about breaking them up digital marketing
that's the future that's where the
growth is that's what's going to create
all our jobs for all our young people
but guess what two companies on 103
percent of the growth meaning if you're
in digital marketing you're not Facebook
or Google you join newspapers you join
magazines and that your business is in
structural decline snap more great was
supposed to be a third player Snap is
going away Snap is the walking dead
there last quarter which is a horrible
quarter it's going to look like an
amazing quarter when their next quarter
comes around and then the next quarter
this stock will die below 10 bucks a
share and Mark Zuckerberg hatred for
this company and he has unbelievable
weapons to put him out of business is
going to drive
Evon into the arms of google we're all
hoping snap would be the facebook of
video the facebook of video this
Facebook specifically Instagram and
Facebook can use its monopoly like power
six of the top ten apps to put any
company in the app business out of
business the markets are failing this is
the scariest thing I heard this year
don't let nation-states disrupt our
future and you're the frontline that
defense for this is the president this
is the chair of the Senate Intelligence
Committee telling Google Facebook and
Twitter
there are frontlines yeah fuck that
these are my frontlines the notion that
we all have our Marines people like John
McCain and Tammy Duckworth is our
frontlines that's not our frontlines
that suck is our front lines the markets
are failing quick sidebar Time Warner
and ITT AT&T is buying Time Warner and
thus CNN a deal
we will not approve in my administration
because it's too much concentration of
power in the hands of too few okay so
let's look at that content types
distribution is the axiom we're worried
about too much content in the hands of a
distributor that can pull it from people
extract unfair rants too much power
around distribution you can unfairly
spread your content so let's look at it
they have some fantastic content 140
million AT&T subscribers 25 million
DirecTV subscribers in terms of
distribution but let's look at the
peanut butter and content and
distribution of the for google has
unbelievable amounts of YouTube content
1.2 trillion searches a year that inform
their content and they have distribution
on two billion captive Android phones
Apple has 34 million songs two point
million apps 2.2 million apps a billion
dollars committed to original content
and they're installed in distribution
called a billion iOS devices Amazon is
committed to four-and-a-half billion
dollars in original television content
second only to Netflix they have 70%
share a voice 62 percent dish
tribution through the u.s. 62% of houses
no cable companies in 62% households and
they have unlimited capital oh but wait
we need Time Warner to sell Adult Swim
so one thing is happening here either
Time Warner tried to block Time Warner
from acquiring excuse me 18 D blocking
blocking ATT from acquiring Time Warner
it's either just insane or we should
have blocked and broken up Google
Facebook Amazon and Google five years
ago it makes no sense okay so we need to
get rid of the matcha toast I apologize
have gone over I'll go two minutes and
I'm done there's a certain fear people
like me that we come across as wimps
when we start talking about regulation
because the narrative been fomented by
these companies is that regulation
equals European which somehow someway
became an insult in America and then
even worse socialism I go on Fox News
every week because I keep my friends
close and my enemies closer and this is
how they introduced me now when I
suggested Amazon should be broken up
he's a socialist but we'll have it all
the show is social you are a socialist
all you know I'm a full-throated
capitalist
okay so let me ask you this if the
Department of Justice had moved on
Microsoft after they killed Netscape
would Google have ever made it out of
the crib regulation creates unbelievable
shareholder value when it's done a droid
we have a seven hundred billion dollar
company called Google because the
Department of Justice stepped in on
Microsoft and said stop killing nascent
companies some final words I believe the
purpose of an economy and companies is
to create a middle class two metrics how
many girls go to college and how robust
is your middle class and I'll show you
the freedoms and prosperity of any
society based on those two metrics and
our middle class has gone sideways for
thirty years and what is the greatest
experiment in mankind called the u.s. it
won't be easy to break these guys up why
because this individual is aggregated a
great deal of power and is smarter than
the rest of us 77 full time lobbyists in
Washington
the ultimate prophylactic the New York
Times if a liberal paper is saying don't
break these guys up then we're safe oh
wait the New York Times can't be bought
has a trust five or six cousins it's
effectively a suicide pact you can't buy
it
what's the second best thing they could
buy to put sheep's clothing over the
woof that they are here's an idea or
let's make an investment in this cool
new media company awkward my last slide
try and put aside your political
feelings your economic concerns and the
gag reflex reflex we have as Americans
around regulation and just do it Darth I
think every business problem can be
solved with a scene or a saying from
Star Wars and I'm gonna ask you to take
the advice of Darth Vader search your
feelings you know it to be true
imagine an ecosystem with these four
companies which echo system has more job
creation which ecosystem has a broader
tax base which echo system has thousands
and ten thousands of millionaires maybe
not as many billionaires but tens and
hundreds of thousands of millionaires
which system has more venture-backed
companies more mmm a more robust steel
activity and more capitalism and more
full throated full body contact
competition this echo system or this
echo system we don't break these guys up
because they're evil that's bullshit
they're no less or more evil than us we
don't break them up because they avoid
taxes we need to hold all companies
accountable that's our own fault we
don't break them up because we did they
destroy jobs we need innovators to
destroy jobs we break these guys up
because we are capitalists my name is
Scott Galloway I teach at NYU and I
appreciate your time
please welcome Matthias softener Henry
