Bentley's inner is a unique shopping
experience what you've got to remember
is that we are not a brand we are an
individual shop you will not find us
anywhere in the world you actually have
to come to London to visitors a lot of
the things that we have are one of items
they are would have all been handmade at
some stage from the eighteen hundred's
cetera and also we have a very fine
workshop you know you can have the spoke
piece of jewelry made here to your
specification
this particular tiara is an elegant
1890s diamond set tiara it breaks up
into a very beautiful necklace nice
thing about this piece is not very heavy
it actually sits very nicely on the head
and gain it will suit the young bride or
when she becomes a dowager duchess shall
we say he or she can still wear it at
all and it will still look magnificent
on her hair
then we have turn-of-the-century pink
and white diamond ring
what's lovely about this particular
diamond is I love the faintness of it is
actually a beautiful nice faint pink
diamond elegantly mounted and it was one
of my favorite periods of jewelry which
is turn-of-the-century the Belle Epoque
period
then we have an important Feist Rand
graduated natural pearl necklace with a
diamond clasp this is a classical piece
of jewelry here we're looking at
something that is extremely valuable but
it has timeless you know one lady adorns
herself with pearls the whole face
lights up and one doesn't even have to
worry about the color of one's outfit it
can be worn during the day and it can be
worn in the evening so it's actually a
very versatile piece of jewelry
everybody loves diamond and this is a
classic brilliant cut diamond which is
over 7 carats good color good grade and
we've got tapered baguettes on the
shoulders the whole thing is mounted in
platinum and it's again translates times
you know you don't have to worry about
what age you are you can just enjoy
wearing it
this is a beautiful necklace with
natural pearls surrounded by diamonds
and that was would have been made long
about 1800 and 90s a classical
combination we're looking at something
that the king of jewels is a diamond the
queen of jewelers the Queen's as a
perfect marriage
you
you
