in terms of gender and how it plays a
role in fundraising I think it's just a
really important thing to tackle head-on
and to look for investors that match you
so in the end of the day you don't want
an investor who doesn't believe in you
my name is Vonnegut cemitas and i was
runner-up on The Apprentice 2015 and the
CEO and co-founder of date play a dating
app where you play games to meet your
match one of my takeaways from the
fundraising experience is that it is a
little tougher to raise money as a woman
and that isn't to say that women
shouldn't fundraise so I if I know me
and saying that but what I am saying is
that it's important to understand what
you're getting into so if you know as a
woman that it's gonna be a little
tougher for you that means you'll have a
thicker skin going in there and you have
to be ready for a little bit more
rejection than your male counterparts I
noticed something during my investment
process that I really wanted to raise
money I really believed in the idea and
when I pitched it I didn't always get
the confirmation from my investors
instead I got a lot of questions that is
normal that is common one of the
challenges I saw was that when I brought
my male co-founder to the meetings we
would get a more receptive vibe this
could also be explained by the fact that
we were truth so a lot of the times
investors like to see two co-founders as
opposed to one but in terms of gender
and how it plays a role in fundraising I
think it's just a really important thing
to tackle head-on and to look for
investors that match you so in the end
of the day you don't want an investor
who doesn't believe in you you don't
want an investor who doesn't want your
business to work it doesn't believe in
it
so I believe that the most important
thing to do is to find investors who are
smart who understand your products and
who want it propel you forward so they
want to make your business a success
alongside you
you
