the first 60 minutes or so are very
clearly defined and that's the recipe I
use to set up the rest of the day my
name is Tim Ferris angel investor and
author of books including the 4-hour
workweek and the latest tribe of mentors
step number one I wake up and I meditate
for 20 minutes typically 22 minutes it's
20 minutes of seated Transcendental
Meditation it could be pasta it could be
headspace and then 2 minute
decompression period where I sit there
and let my mind do whatever it wants to
do I get up brew tea very frequently
hulong tea or some combination of say
turmeric ginger and puer that's another
favorite and then I sit down to journal
and there are two different types of
journaling that I do depending on the
day for different purposes one would be
mourning pages where I'm effectively
vomiting my brain onto the page to trap
my monkey mind in print so that it
doesn't bother me for the rest of the
day the other type of journaling I do is
best encapsulated in a journal called
the 5 minute journal they're different
ways to do this but I'm writing down 3
or 4 bullets of items people
relationships anything that I'm grateful
for which is a very very very nice way
to set the rest of the day so that
you're viewing life through a lens of
positivity then there are a few
questions related or prompts I should
say related to focal points for the day
ideally immediately after that I'm
having a small amount to eat and then I
would go into exercise of some type that
exercise could be riding on a on a
peloton bike and doing a 20-minute hit
workout high-intensity interval training
or it could be a curio go or could be
weight training or working on a concept
to rower and that would be generally no
more than 60 to 90 minutes in length
sometimes it's as short as 20 minutes
and then shower off to the day
you
