it can take the US government just
minutes to launch a nuclear weapon
here's how it would work the president
has the sole authority to call for a
nuclear strike once the call is made a
series of critical steps follow the
president first meets with top military
advisors the meeting would take place in
the Situation Room if the president is
traveling a call is made on a secure
line if the president still wants to go
through with the strike the order is
verified to authenticate the order a
challenge code is read to the president
it's usually too phonetic letters like
Delta echo the president then receives
the biskits a laminated card that's
always near the president the biskits
has the matching response to the
challenge code the Pentagon then
broadcasts an encoded message to missile
crews the message is only about the
length of a standard tweet it includes
the war plan sealed authentication
system or SAS codes and the actual
missile launch codes when the launch
crews get the message they open lock
safes to obtain the SAS codes these
codes are compared with the SAS codes
included in the message if fired from a
submarine the captain executive officer
and two others authenticate the launch
order 15 minutes after receiving the
order the missiles could be ready to
launch if fired from land there are 50
missiles controlled by five launch crews
in different locations each crew votes
for the launch by turning their keys at
the same time there are five different
keys but only two need to be turned to
launch the missiles
in this scenario the missiles could be
ready to launch just minutes after the
president's order once the missiles are
launched there's no turning back
