my name is Dan Buettner I'm a National
Geographic Explorer and the author of
Blue Zones of happiness lessons from the
world's happiest people so my book I
outlined a number of statistically
underpin things that you can do to make
it more likely you're gonna like your
work life and first and foremost among
them is get a job that speaks to your
passions as opposed to your bank account
when it comes to income the utility of
that flattens out passion always grows
over time secondly you want to take a
job near your home the thing we most
hate in our day to day life is our car
commute so minimizing that the third
thing and probably the biggest
determinant of whether or not you like
your job is if you have a best friend at
work and that comes from two million
Gallup surveys and you start asking
yourself well how do I get a best friend
at work well it usually involves putting
yourself out there thrusting out your
hand to somebody you don't know inviting
them to lunch doing a happy hour with
them you want to get to the point where
your conversation transcends the usual
just commercial back-and-forth of work
or talking about sports core you want to
find a friend with whom you can have a
meaningful conversation and they'll
actually care about you on a bad day and
then the last thing is to think about
vacations you actually get more utility
from vacations if you take a lot of
small ones rather than a big one and the
ideal number of weeks of vacation per
year is six weeks after six weeks we
actually kind of get sick of vacations
but in America we only take about eleven
days on average and we can be have a lot
happier workers if we spread that out
closer to the six week ideal
