folks who are not so close to Andover
who haven't experienced something like
this will say oh well you're you know
you were sent to boarding school and a
sense of agency for kids to feel like I
wasn't sent anywhere I wasn't sent by my
parents I chose to go to boarding school
I'm a senior from Natick Massachusetts I
have attended Andover for four years and
it is a distinct pleasure of mine to
bring all of you around on what I
believe is the best school in the world
the most important thing that you learn
on this campus is how every single
faculty member and every single student
when they're walking on what's these
called the paths they're smiling they're
clearly enjoying themselves at this
school I believe that the boarding
experience is so much more beneficial to
the student because they get to live on
their own and they get to experience
high school as most people experience
their college years what we're trying to
accomplish here is to be absolutely
excellent in the classic ways of
academics of sports of arts of community
engagement all of those things while
also really focusing on the young person
in their wholeness and to make sure that
we encourage kids to have wellness as
central to their experience to make sure
they're getting sleep to make sure that
they are eating well make sure they're
exercising all of those things I think
go together with this idea of excellence
and I think that that combination of
things is working really well right now
we don't post grade point averages we
don't we try to take some very specific
steps not to elevate competition in
those ways we do a lot of collaborative
working classes we do a lot of
collaborative work on teams we do a lot
of collaborative work outside too and we
do in terms of our leadership positions
for students there are many positions
where there's actually co-presidents or
their co leaders to send a clear message
to our kids collaboration is a skill
that you're going to need to develop
well in order to be able to to move
forward here with success mental health
here is one of the most important things
on campus because the only way for you
to show your affection for someone to
love someone else to build connections
and build bonds is to firstly love
yourself the most distinctive thing
about and reverse program is the
need-blind admissions policy in our 11th
year how can you have a morally
responsible high school with a billion
dollar endowment it's when you actually
do admit kids solely on the basis of
their the admission criteria that have
nothing to you as well I'm so happy that
I made the decision to come here because
there is so clearly a universal
commitment to being loved and to love
that you don't find at any other school
