yeah so it so we're in a very low
volatility environment right now and
many people have see that low volatility
as a sign of complacency or a sign that
you should sell equities and and take
profits and purely statistically that's
just not the case if you know if you
sold every time you're in a
low-volatility environment you miss a
huge amount of upside the low-volatility
environment today reflects the very
stable economic environment we're in so
the economic data is incredibly stable
at a low volatility economic data we're
somewhere in the middle of a very long
and expansion so while that continues we
think the low volatility regime will
continue
that's an environment where you're
generally being paid to take risk look
at you know there were areas of the
market being paid more than others to
take a risk and it's an area where you
effectively buy the dips it's not that
you won't get dip so of course there
will be they'll inherit Lee be a turmoil
in the market they'll be draw downs but
in these low volatility regimes
you should be buying those dips rather
than panicking and selling you think
we're somewhere in the middle of this
economic expansion and not towards the
peak of it yeah I think one of the the
notable features of the cycle is has
been extremely long so we're now in the
eighth year of the expansion and from my
entire career the average lead length of
an economic expansion has been around 8
years so many people so wide about
because because recessions don't start
on a clock they don't the nation measure
the length of a cycle in in years you
measured in terms of the excesses that
are building up in the economy to what
extent has excess capacity being
consumed so when you adjust this cycle
for the fat it's been one of the slowest
cycles we've seen in economic history
actually you come to the conclusion that
rather than being at the end of the
cycle was somewhere in the middle and
actually the time to the next recession
could be measured potentially in years
so yeah we feel that we've got some way
to run and why do you feel like we're
somewhere in the middle is it because of
wage inflation what you're not seeing is
any of the signs of excess in the
economy that were typically built up if
we're towards the end of the cycle so we
don't see that in the labor market today
so you're right wage inflation is low we
don't see that in broader consumer
prices so we think there's some upside
potential to inflation going forward but
we're still in a very benign price
environment and we don't see it in terms
of
leverage we think about the signs of
excess leverage that built up towards
the end of the last cycle we see very
few signs see some pockets so that areas
like auto loans but you don't see that
broad increase in leverage which would
flash a red warning sign that perhaps
we're close to the end of the cycle
