folks don't feel good right now about
what they see they don't feel as if our
public life reflects our best instead of
our politics reflecting our values we've
got politics infecting our communities
instead of looking for ways to work
together and get things done in a
practical way we've got folks who are
deliberately trying to make folks angry
to demonize people who have different
ideas off your elections midterm
elections Democrats sometimes y'all
y'all y'all get a little sleepy
you get a little complacent now this is
not my opinion this is the data this is
the data you know during presidential
elections everybody gets all excited and
then when it's an off-year election
suddenly everybody what there's an
election going on huh and so as a
consequence folks wake up and they're
surprised how come we can't get things
through Congress how come we can get
things through the Statehouse because
you slept through the election but the
states now don't allow you to sleep
because it's going to come down to how
bad you want it I don't want to hear
folks complaining and not doing
something about it
all the young people out here you know
I think that it's great that you hashtag
and meme but I need you to vote Ralph
Northam wants progress he wants to take
us forward not backward he wants to
reach out for hope not fear
that's where Justin Fairfax wants to
take us that's where that's where you
should want to take us we need you to
take this seriously because our
democracy is at stake and it's at stake
right here in Virginia
