hello I'm Philip I'm an author I write
fiction and nonfiction and my latest
book is may we borrow your language
there have been attempts to create
artificial languages in the hope perhaps
that one day they might be universally
spoken but all those attempts have
failed the most famous is probably
Esperanto Esperanto was a create a
livery creation I think towards the end
of the 19th century and it was a sort of
fusion of various European languages so
that a creator or the theory behind it
was that you took a a bit from one
language and bit from another language
and a bit from a third and a bit from a
fourth and so on and you had a kind of
mosaic of of different terms which would
somehow to appeal to everybody because
they would recognize bits of their own
language in it it had some success there
were certainly Esperanto societies but
it's it's faded as have all other
attempts to make up languages languages
have to grow from the ground up you know
you can't kind of build them like a
house they actually have to grow
naturally organically out of the ground
and though there seems on the one side
on the one hand to be a tendency to
clump languages together and kind of a
greater uniformity or sort of coming
together there's also a tendency in the
opposite direction as well people fight
to preserve their own languages and they
develop new forms of the languages that
they already speak so language never
stands still
