I love getting bumped from flights and
the reason why I love getting bumped
from flights is it puts you in an
amazing bargaining position my name is
Scott cos I'm the CEO and co-founder of
Scott's cheap flights you know
especially after you know the recent
news controversy that really tough to
watch videos from that United flight
Airlines want to do whatever they can to
avoid being in the news for that and so
they are much more willing especially
nowadays to say like you know rather
than just give you $250 voucher they'll
go up to 500 they'll go up to 6 8 10 you
know $1,000 really quick and not only
can you get a lot more I think money
whether in terms of actual refund or
voucher from the airlines by for being
bumped for volunteering
you can also negotiate other things so
if I get bumped from my flight back to
Portland tomorrow I'm gonna say okay
I'll do it
I want thousand dollar travel credit I
also would like to be put on you know
business class or first class on the
next flight to Portland that I actually
get on and you know how about some
lounge passes in the meantime so I can
just like hang out and eat and drink
well while I'm waiting for that flight
believe you me they will you know
they'll play ball if you start
negotiating especially if they're really
pressed they have like we need five
people to volunteer and nobody's getting
up to volunteer you're gonna be in a
really good bargaining position I could
get a flight two hours later
get $1,000 for it I'll hang out I'll
have a beer in the bar like it'd be
great and I'll get home a couple hours
later and be a thousand dollars richer
for it one of the things that I'll be
sure to do let's say I volunteer but
they actually need two more volunteers
as well and they keep having to ratchet
up the price I'll tell them you know
look I'm not doing this unless I get
what the other people get so maybe they
don't get two more volunteers until they
get to $500 voucher I'll tell them you
know look that's what I want to even
once you've already kind of put yourself
out there make sure you're getting the
most money possible in return
