this is really important sauces that you
get they got five sauces too much sucks
I don't think I'm gonna start with Vina
double cheeseburger is caked in this
mile of sauce onions pickles kind of got
that Bob on a BBQ cheese mmm so good
there's some about that sauce with the
burger Wheatley's fries beautiful
crinkle-cut fries comfortable -
something you get at Shake Shack let's
try that with the sauces
hmm they call me the Big Dipper mix it
up baby this is my cousin John hello
what makes Milo's unique
they also have what they call fried pies
but you can think I've lined out at like
a pop-tart there's so delicious flaky
and sweet
there's my cheat day yeah Mama's famous
wrist sweet team people buy it by the
gallon it's phenomenon just to give you
an idea of how popular my low sweet tea
is there's a gas station sort of on the
outskirts of Tuscaloosa that sells a
milos slushie but they call it a freezie
and this is the only place you can get
it Wow this already got eliminated it
tastes like the tea but it's a slushie
this is like the greatest invention of
all time I've done a lot of Alabamians
would be willing to take this up against
in an Albert or anything I think the
rest of the nation would be in luck if
they ever decided to expand
you
