I was quite excited about this burger if
you can call it a burger I mean there's
no bread so is it a burger
philosophically I'm not sure this is a
burger there's a burger need a bun I
think it might need a bun it's a thing
inside two other things and that's why I
believe a burger is it doesn't have to
be doesn't have to be bread the main
event kind of seems like it's on the
outside which is kind of contradictory
with a normal burger is anything a
burger then is a sandwich a burger is
this a sandwich I don't think it's a
sandwich I think it's just chicken it
doesn't look that appealing to me to be
honest it's greasy already my hands are
already greasy you can feel the grease
through the foil as you pick it up it
looks really messy it is really messy it
doesn't really taste like KFC
it tastes more like they're greasy bit
of fried chicken
that's very soggy top side crispy bottom
side soggy the chicken could be crispier
I think it's fogies than usual soggy
took him probably cos the cheese and
just being in a bag they need the bun
where's the buns it's very kind of
dumped almost like there's a lot of
moisture in here it's quite hefty bite
I'd end there having said just now that
but the bread is unnecessary on a burger
and maybe I'm reconsidering a tiny bit
because it's just a lot of meat in a
single mouthful I think that she's kind
of like glues it together there's a lot
of cheese and that's a very effective
glue it's ro difficulty choking
everywhere just chicken into you does
not clean it don't eat this on a first
date is a mess to eat but it is a fun
mess lots of barbecue sauce and too much
cheese too much cheese way too much
cheese
it feels overall more like a gimmick I
like it but I think there are better
things on the KFC menu and I don't think
I'd be rushing out to buy it again I
wouldn't pay four quid for it but I
wouldn't be surprised if they expect
other people to probably wouldn't buy
this one again doesn't hold up
structurally as well as just a normal
burger it's a lot of meat and cheese and
google at once which I'm which I'm all
for sometimes you just you just want KFC
and this would do the job
there was no bun so quite obviously I'd
never buy this
