how do you deal with a boss who doesn't
seem to like you and who doesn't seem to
care about you and who doesn't trust you
have you ever had a bad boss I have once
or twice of my life in fact one of my
bosses was actually toxic the first sign
for me was that every time I turned
around this guy was looking over my
shoulder he didn't seem to trust me he
didn't seem to like what I was doing at
work he didn't seem to like me well
there are a few things you can do if you
have a toxic boss number one admit to
yourself that there's a problem if you
have a bad relationship with your boss
even if it's that person's fault it's
you who won't be able to do your job as
well as you might number two determine
that you will not let this person harm
your self-esteem a toxic boss a bad boss
or even bad colleagues do not have the
right to make you feel bad about
yourself or guilty about what you're
doing at work the third thing that you
can do if you have a toxic boss is to
ask yourself a really tough question
what have you done to make the situation
worse you could also ask yourself what
you can do to make the situation better
it takes two to tango as they say and
even the worst bosses can be better and
work more fluidly and more positively
with you if you make an effort to find
out what they need to help them and to
make sure that you're doing what they
expect you to do really in the in the
end we can only help ourselves and we
can only change ourselves you are not
going to change your boss but you can
change how you react to that person and
you can change how you behave in the
workplace
you
