people in Fiji will drive all the way up
to our OB flowers yeah is it open the
drive-thru yeah it is yeah I got the
baby at home so it's under renovations
so we have to walk up to the
drive-through to get our we'll put our
order in can I please have two spicy
mayo chicken burgers and the wings M&Ms
minis McFlurry now what do you want what
do you want a flag and the Chiefs and
fluffy so fifty Fiji dollars and five
cents for all that everybody in the Fuji
okay a big poufy Bhutia
you like McDonald's coffee yeah I like
McDowell people very friendly they're
very nice
yeah all right we're gonna eat now spicy
mayo chicken spicy mayo check this is it
look at that spicy mayo right there it's
like yellow it's yellow
that's got a little kick little kick you
won't find in the states it's almost
like a Thousand Island dressing but if
you got like some Frank's Red Hot Sauce
maybe this is good they're definitely a
spice man there's a kick for sure we
also got some spicy wings step chicken
wings here yep thank you
let's see yeah there we go it's like one
wing that's like one yeah it's one way
but not very spicy
no no taste more like KFC we've got in
M&Ms McFlurry they do things a little
differently here in Fiji you get a paper
bowl mmm good so these are the Fiji
fries Fiji McDonald's we'll see how they
stack up to what you get in America see
if it's any different
pretty similar honestly I could eat
another spicy mad chicken burger it's
like bold bold flavors that you can't
get in the u.s. so it's worth it's worth
seeking out this one that's getting
renovated it's gonna be two million
dollars of renovations and it's gonna be
a really big deal you like those you
like McDonald's or Burger King better oh
yeah yeah thank you so much man for
taking us here yeah
you
you
