can we talk a little bit about Trump I
know that in your first draft of one of
your books I don't know how long ago is
that was 2011 okay a 2011 you had a
chapter about how somebody like Donald
Trump could become president and he used
Berlusconi as an example but you cut it
from the book why did you cut it and
what did you say so I cut it because one
of my colleague who was kind enough to -
II the first version told me that I was
crazy that I would we lose credibility
to the book if I were to keep that and
and I think that for me was a very easy
conclusion because the book that came
out in 2012 was about how the United
States is looking more and more like
Italy and not unfortunately in the good
wine and food but in the form of the way
the economy is ran the form of
corruption whether it's institutional or
so on and and so the the natural outcome
of the the Italian economy was 12 the
Prime Minister like Silvio Berlusconi so
the idea of the United States having a
so the president was not as foreign to
me as was to most of my colleagues and
now that we have him how similar or
different do you think that you are
actually I think that in their campaign
and in their personality they're very
very similar almost scary how similar
they are and one of the key elements
that makes them so similar at Leamington
- there are many but what one is they
are phenomenal salesmen and the second
is they both come from a business that
is by nature not very competitive and
very corrupt they're both real estate
and when people say I know how the
market works real estate I think that
that's not my sort of a prototype of
market the real estate so I think that
that gives that background however there
are two big differences in my view one
is that Berlusconi I have to say is a
nicer person I think is more like the
prototypical comedian than actually
the tough-guy that Trump wants to
pretend he is and and I think that for
example Berlusconi was never really a
frame favor of any war is was not a
warmonger at all was like dragging
toward some Wars by the United States
but it wasn't like his primary thing
Trump effort always seems to be
different there so in that sense this is
a big important difference the second
which might seem a limitation to
Berlusconi but in fact in long term
might be a benefit is biblically ran the
first time for office because he fear
and maybe rightly so that he would have
lost his economic Empire if the left had
taken over the time and the reason is
that he was under investigation it was a
high leverage so the combination of the
two things would really have put a risk
serious risk most of his wealth you can
say a lot of negative things about Trump
but I don't think that's a reason why he
ran in fact I think he is more at risk
of going to jail after running that
before so that's not the reason and his
empire was not at risk now on the one
hand that's a big limitation for
Berlusconi because you say there is a
hidden agenda here and and that limits
the ability of being an effective prime
minister around the country in the
interest of the people are large nor the
means that one person however it turns
out also to limit the downside and it
says well once Bella's community took
power besides taking care of his
business did not do much and this is a
big limitation because Italy drifted and
we can became worse but the least did
not do like a major disaster I'm not so
sure we can sort of say the same for
Trump I think that I'm not sure what
dries Trump besides the fact he wanted
to be elected what we're really driving
is his economic policy when when he was
elected people ask me what I predicted
and and I thought one of the first thing
he would do is build a wall and he is
not actually billable and he doesn't
seem to follow very much on his life
two promises I don't know what is
looking for what what is like really his
final objective
