when it comes to pots and pans by the
best you can afford you know think about
pots and pans is an investment they're
gonna last a lifetime if you buy
something unlike high quality
hi I'm Tom Colicchio with crafted
hospitality it's a transfer of heat and
that's what's really important so if
it's something that's flimsy that
transfer heat happens too quickly and
then pan cools down and so you want to
you want to be able to maintain that
heat level in the pan that's what's
really important is to retain that heat
again to you then to learn how to how to
manipulate that heat but uh so that's
why it's important to have a really good
high grade sauce pot soup on depends I
would rather have three that are really
high quality than a set of twenty-four
pots and pans that are you know cheap
and flimsy it makes a difference the big
difference is stainless steel versus
aluminum stainless steel is better it's
more durable it conducts heat better if
you can get a copper sandwich between
stainless steel that's even better
that's again more expensive there's a
lot of various manufacturers that make
really high-quality pots and pans find
one that you like and make sure their
lids that they're tight-fitting the big
difference between aluminum stainless
steel stainless steel will stay flat
where a loom over time will start to bow
and start to you know don't get pockets
so there's there's a big difference but
really just fine to find the best that
you can can afford but again III if I
were a young cook starting out I'd get
one saw spot one kind of larger stockpot
and one saute pan and that would be the
way up where I would start and then go
from there
