I've had the chance to meet President
Trump twice once before he was sworn in
and once in the White House in both
times with many of my other industry
colleagues and we had conversations
about immigration about infrastructure
the need for the government to invest in
digital technology so that the taxpayer
money is well spent and these are
conversations that we've had with even
previous administrations and mirror the
same in fact the conversations I have
with heads of state all over are very
similar so I think engaging and making
sure that we are able to bring
technology which is what we have
expertise in to bear on some of the
pressing societal and public sector
challenges is an important piece and at
the same time we'll take principled
stance like we have done on daca or on
immigration or like we did even with the
previous administration around secure
national security and the need for
privacy these are all places where I
think we will be guided by the enduring
values and principles with any
administration
