your thoughts and prayers aren't going
to stop the next shooting only action
and leadership will do that we you must
demand leadership we need a president
who recognizes that we have a gun
violence problem and we'll work towards
solutions Americans need more than our
presidents prayers we need his plans
pass universal background checks to make
sure everyone gets a background check
before they obtain a gun the studies are
clear where these laws are passed fewer
people get shot where they have been
repealed murder and violence has
increased subject the sale of the most
lethal weapons to stronger oversight and
regulation you can buy an ar-15 in a
parking lot with no background check at
all that's crazy well I'm a gun owner
Gabby's a gun owner I'm a supporter of
the Second Amendment however you know we
can respect the Second Amendment and the
rights of responsible gun owners and at
the same time we can keep guns out of
the hands of criminals domestic abusers
you know potential mass shooters and
idiots the nation's counting on you
