meet the f-22 Raptor it's the most
dangerous combat plane in the world
designed for both air-to-air and
air-to-ground conflict its first flight
was in 1997 20 years later the jet
fighters prowess is unmatched the f-22
is renowned for its radar evading
technology and superior maneuverability
it features a titanium composite
airframe clipped Delta wings 18,000
pound fuel capacity 1600 nautical mile
range 44 feet six inch wingspan 62 feet
one inch in length weighs forty three
thousand three hundred forty pounds
estimated cost per plane 143 million
dollars its curved edges scatter radar
beams in different directions horizontal
tail fins enhance the f-22s signature
maneuverability its afterburning
turbofan engines produced more thrust
than any current fighter engine the f-22
is the best in the game but it's still
not perfect
major updates are planned to modernize
the aircraft and keep it a competitive
stealth fighter into the 2060s new radar
weapons and cyber security technology
are being engineered into the design the
upgraded f-22s will be capable of
countering threats from growing Chinese
and Russian fleets capabilities of
emerging Chinese and Russian stealth
fighters are not fully known
for now the f-22 remains king
