Equifax was hacked and you were probably
affected 143 million Americans had their
social security number and other
personal information exposed to hackers
over the past few months at Equifax you
might not even know what Equifax is you
really probably wouldn't have had reason
to know what Equifax was until this
happened but it's a credit reporting
agency it basically collects everything
you ever do your names your addresses
your credit information and they hold it
all in a database and that database was
breached people are pissed and I
understand it's a really big problem but
here's the thing your online security
has never been safe people probably have
seen your social security number before
just think about when you go to the
doctor or you call your bank we tend to
give it out pretty freely so whether or
not your personal identity is stolen is
kind of a crapshoot
you're better off assuming that your
identity has been hacked because it
definitely could happen if not this time
sometime in the future so what do you do
about it you've got a few options number
one and this is the one that everybody
knows and nobody wants to do you have to
have secure passwords this is incredibly
important because if somebody gets
access to one of your accounts you can
mitigate the damage that might be done
by making sure they don't get access to
all of your accounts for every single
account I have I turn on 2-step
verification if I can my password is a
completely random string of numbers and
letters and characters that I store in
one of those password management systems
like LastPass
you've probably heard that you should
freeze your credit or a set up a fraud
alert and yeah you know maybe you should
do that the thing is it takes a lot of
work and not everyone is gonna end up
having their identity stolen so that's
the sort of step you can take if or when
someone tries to open a new account in
your name people are gonna disagree with
me a lot of people think you should do
this and maybe you should but it's a lot
of work it's gonna take time and there's
no guarantee your identity is getting
stolen anyway so if you don't
really want to do that just know that
you're taking the risk that it could be
a bit of a nightmare later so if you
decide you want to set up a fraud alert
you have to call one of the credit
bureaus there's three Equifax Experian
and TransUnion the phone call itself
isn't too hard but you will have to mail
in supporting documents after the fact
things like your driver's license or
other identifying information so that
they know it's really you who put the
fraud alert and not some random other
person in the future when you need
credit whether you need a new credit
card or you're trying to buy a home
you're gonna have to go through extra
steps to prove that it's you that's the
whole point of doing one of these fraud
alerts or credit freezes you don't want
to make it easy for the hacker to gain
access to your credit but it'll also
make it harder for you to gain access to
your credit it's hard enough
if you're trying to buy a house or let
alone take out a new credit card but
adding another layer where you also have
to contact all the credit agencies again
and tell them hey yeah I promise it's me
please give all these documents to the
people who need to see them that's just
another step that you may or may not be
willing to take whether or not you
decide to freeze your credit or set up a
fraud alert make sure that you're
monitoring all of your accounts
regularly I use mint.com you can use
your own banking apps whatever works for
you but you need to stay on top of your
money I've actually had my credit card
stolen twice and both times I caught it
before the first transaction even
processed so the more you pay attention
to it the less likely you are to suffer
the consequences so whether or not you
take all sorts of proactive steps like
setting up a fraud alert and freezing
your credit just know it's going to be
luck whether or not it happens to you
you
