and do you think it makes sense at all
for healthcare to be tied to employers
anymore given how much our workforce has
changed yes so in the United States
greater than 50% of Americans today get
their health service support through an
employer that is a manifestation from a
long time ago post-world War two wage
controls that existed but but we are
where we are answer your questions yes I
do and the reason why is an employer
actually has a vested interest in
helping to keep their employees healthy
and productive and present from a work
standpoint to the worksite and the
culture of an employer creates some
mechanisms to engage in individual ways
to communicate ways to provide on-site
care ways to provide peer support
program support etc so there's incentive
alignment there's culture you could pull
against and support it and then there's
delivery mechanism so we think the
answer is yes and we have a ton of
bright spots where we could point to
employers that have innovated with us
and we've innovated with them and their
employees and therefore their businesses
better off and those employees family
members are better off because they're
getting better more comprehensive health
care and what do you think makes America
different why are we spending so much in
health care can you point to one thing
that like our policies or something in
America that that is a problem yeah so
our system is quite different right
we're a global company we do business
all over the world so we are able to see
systems in the most developed osed
countries and developing countries
around the world there's multiple
differences first and foremost the
United States is the largest sick care
interventionalist system in the world we
spend the majority of our money and
resources
addressing people once they're sick we
need to spend some more of our resources
keeping people healthy in the first case
and identifying people who are at risk
of health events and lowering those
health risks some other countries do
that better through social service
support community-based health support
etc secondly we have more specialists
and more hospitals per capita than other
OECD countries and less primary care be
it ob/gyn pediatrician family
practitioners and and we need to
moderate that a little bit again help to
coordinate the whole person on the front
end there's trade-offs in the way we've
built our system as a company we've had
a great success partnering with
physicians through
we call collaborative accountable care
relationships we have 375 of which that
are up and running with physicians and
another hundred and 25 with hospitals
and working more comprehensively but in
a nutshell we wait too long in terms of
trying to fix somebody once they're sick
as opposed to engaged on the front end
and keep people healthy in the first
place that's where Signet expands a lot
of resources secondly we spend a lot
more money on the high cost intervention
as opposed to enabling the primary care
physician the geriatrician the
pediatrician to have more resources to
help to coordinate care for individuals
and we have a different pricing scheme
relative to some of our services be they
pharmaceutical otherwise firstly other
parts of the world
