my name is Brad Stalberg and I'm
co-author of the new book peak
performance elevate your game avoid
burnout and thrive with the new science
of success flow is a term introduced in
the early 90s by a psychologist named
Hallie csikszentmihalyi and the easiest
way to describe flow is it's being in
the zone so it's when you are completely
present with what you're doing and it's
like the outside world disappears so
your perception of time might change
your perception of space might change
you're just completely latched on to
what you're doing it's a wonderful
feeling although there's no recipe for
entering a flow state there are a few
things that can help elicit this like
beautiful feeling of being in the zone
first and foremost is to try to pursue
activities that are ever so slightly
outside of your comfort level so I like
to think of it as if you have a skill
set and then a challenge and you want
the challenge to just be ever so
slightly above the skill let's say that
you have very high skill well if the
challenge is low you might be bored or
apathetic if you have low skill but the
challenge is high you're going to be
overwhelmed may be anxious you won't be
able to do it but if you have a high
amount of skill for something and the
challenge is really high that is a
really important criteria for being able
to get into the zone I think a second
foundational element is just trying to
be fully present and focused with what
you're doing and that helps if the
challenge and the skills are both high
because you almost have no choice but to
be present so to recap it's activities
that put you ever so slightly outside of
your comfort zone but that you're still
quite skilled for and a type of full
focus and presence where you really
bring your all to that activity
