hi I'm Brian Wong co-founder and CEO of
keep first of all do any of you have an
MBA okay good so my whole point is I
don't want you to take an MBA for all
the wrong reasons
so there are folks that do take it just
because they're like well it'd be great
tough you know this parachute or this
you know it's cushion or this safety net
and it's like doing something for those
three reasons are the lamest reasons you
could possibly imagine like and then the
other thing is some people do it because
they're lost and they want to find
themselves and maybe going through MBA
school will give them some direction no
you know this isn't the way to do it
right don't do something for some weird
back back-up plan right do something for
an intention and I think you'll get way
more out of it and I think the new MBA
is the MBA of doing stuff like going out
there building something you know
tripping and falling along the way
getting back up those are the best
lessons that you will learn especially
in the business world like obviously in
the medical field like my sister-in-law
is a doctor you can't you know trip and
fall your way into being a doctor like
you definitely want to make sure you get
you know you're doing because people can
die but if business is different
business you can learn so much there's
no life or death that's the best part
about our industry there is no life or
death and you can learn so much just by
doing
