they're already running into a little
bit of a hiccup what a joke man so the
company movie pass just announced that
from 995 a month you can see as many
movies as you want one per day 995 for
all the movies that you want to see a
month that seems like a no-brainer I
signed up on the website to renew my
subscription and they sent me another
card in the mail that you need so now
that I've got the card and it's been
activated it's time to sync it up with
the app mmm now when I open the app even
though it said on the website that my
card had been activated
it just says still says request a movie
pass card so we're already running into
a little bit of a hiccup yeah that's
really frustrating I'm gonna try and do
a live chat with customer service here I
activated my card but my app does not
recognize that oh my god okay so they
have a message here that says if you're
currently if you currently have a movie
pass card and you're experiencing an app
glitch that prevents you from using the
service please purchase your ticket out
of pocket and email a photo of the stub
and receipt to support at movie pass
calm thank you what a joke man this is
Aetna so a few hours have passed and
I've since gotten my movie pest app to
work I you know the contact that I have
it a company told them what was going on
and they like magically made the problem
go away as you can see this is what it's
supposed to look like when you open the
app it automatically populates with all
the the theaters and in your area that
are available and that work with movie
pests so now we can leave and go see a
movie so you find the title and time it
gives you the option to check in check
in okay worked okay I had to jump
through a few hoops took some time but
as you can see it works so for now I'm
gonna remain a movie pestis robber
