my attitude shampoo and conditioners
always been just whatever's cheapest a
lot of curly hair products contain some
kind of nut oil it's very difficult to
find something that is both ideal for my
hair and doesn't contain something I'm
allergic to I've been using OGX
for a while and I like was really happy
about it my hair could be a little less
frizzy it could be a little curly ur
could be a little shinier let's see what
we can do I was very skeptical of this
product as a black man
it's not easy often to find shampoo that
works with my hair because my hair is a
lot coarser it was so much fun for me to
customize it to pick out the things that
I wanted it to do for my hair and the
things that I didn't want it to do I
really like that it is my name on it and
the color that I picked the price point
a function of beauty was a little bit
higher than I would normally pay myself
this stuff is way too expensive I feel
like you're targeting Millennials and
Millennials aren't going to pay that the
first time I used it I actually thought
it made my hair feel really brittle and
dry I didn't like the way it made my
hair look the first couple days I'd say
it takes me longer to wash my hair the
first time I use it I thought maybe I
could go without adding any product
afterwards and my hair looked atrocious
when my colleagues recommended that I
actually followed the instructions that
came with the shampoo I've been doing
that for the last two days and that has
actually made it a little bit better but
the instructions kind of freaked me out
because it is very specific first you
put the shampoo in your hand
you have to rub it with water you have
to work it from your scalp outward I was
like I didn't do that but I definitely
lathered it up before I put it know at
the conditioner sit in for a good minute
it almost felt like I was like put honey
on my hands and was like about to put it
in my hair and I was like oh no about a
weekend I was just putting my hand
through my hair and I was like wait a
minute
my hair's really soft but I definitely
realized that my hair was less frizzy
that I was used to especially with the
humidity in summer
my hair looks the same well like how my
hair is turned out but gonna be honest
with you I think this whole setup is
more genes than product my hair looks
better and it feels good so it's all
really working harmoniously together
running my fingers through this like
very smooth like salon smooth I felt
that my hair looks shinier which was
nice and it was really smooth and silky
but other than that it looks pretty much
the same this shampoo has made a bigger
difference than any of the shampoos that
I've tried that have been targeted
specifically to black people
