we always want to drink beer out of the
glass because beer has a sound to it
just like a tape and beer is carbonated
and we need to release that carbonation
into a glass what beer foam can do in
your belly so when you go out you might
see a beer poured like this or the
server's only goal in the life is to not
let any of that co2 out of the beer a
couple things here one thoughts that
color foam it's not really a beer - I
decided I'm going to order a nachos I
take that first bite and once it hits my
belly that happened
so there's about two and a half bottles
of co2 in this beer that weren't
released in the class that's 100% what's
going on in my stomach if the beers not
poured properly now you think wow every
time I had here I get really bloated and
that's what's going on or you can get a
beer
and you pour it down the sides with
vigor and you're breaking that co2 out
granted people say that looks like a lot
of foam the foam always turns into beer
and then I take that same bite of food
and I try to have a swallow and it's not
agitating my stomach because I have
broken that co2 out in the glass but
that's how important it is to pour beer
into a glass in this foam and so we're
going to taste the sweetness of the malt
and the bitterness of the hop but really
going to protect the integrity of that
aroma that's underneath the foam to
reach to
