the heel spurs are little calcifications
that start to form at the bottom of the
heel bone and in someone who has like a
very thin fat pad you might be able to
actually feel it and can cause pain
they're typically a little bit spiky on
x-ray and so they're kind of pointy and
that can cause irritation to the
surrounding tissue in the area the
fashio is right there that's where the
plantar fascia attaches onto the heel
bone as well so plantar fasciitis heel
spur syndrome feels fur that all really
goes together people with heel spurs and
heel pain plantar fasciitis typically
have pain when they first get out of bed
in the morning so shouldn't it feel
better when you are resting after a nice
sleep the problem with that and the
reason why it happens is because when
you're resting the soft tissue just
relaxes and there's a swelling there so
then you go to stand up on it with all
of your body weight and it starts that
inflammation all over again some people
can have heel spurs without heel pain
some people have heel pain without heel
spurs it kind of just is an individual
thing and it should be really checked
out you need an x-ray to diagnose the
heel spur
