so I don't know if you know something
that's called the secret menu of
McDonald's maybe you've heard by now the
McDonald's has a secret menu the idea
behind the secret menu is you go in
there you ask for something is in the
menu but you alter in a certain way
switching around meats or adding
different sauces to sandwiches and
inventing a new item that isn't
necessarily on their menu yes I found
this online but apparently you guys have
a secret menu I was wondering if you
made any before enough so you can make
them for me
do you think you guys can make this more
fast food places like McDonald's are
optimized to make the things already on
the menu and when you go there and ask
them to make all these alterations or
things that they have they kind of to
stop what they're doing to focus on your
meal specifically and explose things
down so I assume this doesn't happen a
lot all right thank you I did it let's
go so the first one is something called
the big McChicken so the big McChicken
as you can see is a Big Mac but they
replace the bread with McChicken patties
because you know as a Big Mac you don't
want all those calories and carbs this
is more this is like a Big Mac for
anyone who's like you know watching
their weight or gonna be running a
marathon soon it's like the KFC Double
Down on steroids
dude that's actually pretty good
that's actually pretty good oh no I
proof that's worth it I would say that
was worth being a huge pain in the butt
about I said this is the land sea and
air burger another variation of the Big
Mac as you can see it is a big mech but
it also has a big chicken patty again
and filet-o-fish so it was chicken beef
and fish in one sandwich
kind of lands let me another bite now
and I think this one speaks to people's
obsession with like shoving meat inside
of other meat inside of other meat I
mean there's that thing that's a duck
and you know that was it just tasted so
unnatural this sandwich right here is
called the Magan bang great name by the
way
i'ma gangbang I hate saying it imma
gangbang is a McChicken put inside and
McDouble because what's more appetizing
than a category on pornhub I think this
one's all supposed to have the bread and
everything of the McChicken in there the
people McDonald's actually try to make
something edible and figured I don't
want more bread inside of a sandwich
even though technically I did that's
okay that's on me and not them I mean
the thing that made these atolls like
incredibly nice and this is just okay
rock phone tongue growing on it so only
the internet would name something so
stupid this last one is simply the
monster man now according to the
Internet the monster Mac is supposed to
be a Big Mac four patties of beef bread
for more patties would be a patties
altogether I got the monster mac six
meats and cheeses version look at that
Oh
what about how you got over that
cruisers nothing in nature is that
yellow falling apart really hold up I'm
time those four sandwiches are just a
few of literally dozens McDonald's
secret menu items items like the
all-american burger the big brunch
burger the filet Oh Big Mac the McNugget
McGriddle mix sundae
Ronald's whopper the phileo McFlurry the
mick just red and lettuce dead man's Big
Mac the Mick for play mustard coke the
severed head of Mayor McCheese and many
more
