here are the Trump administration's
worst spelling errors in president
Trump's official inauguration portrait
the wrong - is used and a list of
terrorist attacks the White House felt
was underreported the word attacker is
misspelled 24 times in a tweet president
Trump misspelled hereby he tried again
but still got it wrong on snapchat the
Department of Education misspelled
education on Twitter they also spell w
EBD boy's name wrong and their apology
tweet misspelled the word apology
honored is spelled incorrectly in this
tweet and unprecedented it's spelled
wrong in this one Trump used the wrong
version of counsel and mystery and
merriam-webster responded in a schedule
released to the press
Prime Minister Teresa mais name is
missing an H finally the White House
released a statement encouraging peace
in the Arab world but wrote down peach
