I think the way you should think about
the interview process is that it's
Facebook trying to figure out whether
you're a fit for the company and for a
particular set of projects and that for
you you want to figure out whether
Facebook is the right place for you so
you should ask about the things that are
important and that could be anything
from you know other other people from
the university that I attend who work
here can I talk to them too what does it
look like to change jobs in a couple
years after I've been successful on my
first project - how long do people stay
in this office do people move from
office to office it really depends on
who you are and what you're looking to
learn and do in your career and I think
if you think about it that way you'll
figure out the best set of questions to
ask
there are definitely technical questions
that people can and should ask I think
one of the best ones is for people to
just explore what kind of technology we
use and how we solve certain problems so
you can sort of turn the interview
process on its head a little bit and ask
the person who's interviewing you maybe
what they've done what they've worked on
and what they learned in the process
that's a great way to get a sense for
whether you'll fit in and get the kind
of experience and have the sort of job
that you're looking for
