and you guys are moving into more your
you have a new health brand that correct
your well-being yes yes and it turn out
that yeah in fact I'd love to to show it
to you see this is up this is a new
product that we actually are launching
here in the US in July it will be
available in retail stores and we're
very excited about it it is basically
targeted to millennial consumers it is
made with natural flavors natural colors
no artificial ingredients no genetically
modified ingredients and it comes in a
variety of flavors that consumers have
told us that they want things like Andy
and quinoa things like gluten and sweet
potato flavors from all over the world
it's available in the stand up packages
which is a very convenient packaging
format and we think it really meets the
need of the today's consumer to have
something that is delicious and
nutritious at the same time and you guys
and this is like a clear health push is
there is it also putting into the rest
of your products as well or are you
going to leave Oreos the way that my
husband likes them well as we think
about the future and we look at where
consumers are going there's no questions
a single biggest trend among our
consumers everywhere in the world is a
desire to eat better and to to move
toward well-being that doesn't mean
they're not eating indulgent products
we're still seeing terrific growth of
Oreos of Cadbury Dairy Milk of milk of
chocolate but we are increasingly
thinking about providing those products
in reusable resealable packaging in
smaller packaging sizes so that they can
be more permissible at the same time in
our biscuit business we see a real
opportunity to take out some of the
ingredients that our consumers have told
us they'd like to see less of saturated
fat trans fat sugar and add more whole
grains as we would have in a product
like via as well as to be able to add
protein for example so we're doing both
renovation of existing brands we're
about to launch a protein enhanced
version of our Belle's very successful
they'll Vita biscuit
with 10 grams of protein and we're at
the same time taking products like
Triscuit and launching a GMO free
version so it's a combination of
innovation
and renovation all designed to
contemporize our brands in our portfolio
and better meet the needs of our
consumers
