the bill doesn't directly affect the
coverage of people in their jobs but it
does do that indirectly in one
particular way my name is Jerry Glade
and from 2010 to 2012 I was the
assistant secretary for planning and
evaluation at the Department of Health
and Human Services in the Obama
administration the bill would allow
states to get waivers to change the
benefits that are required under the
essential health benefits which is a
requirement in the Affordable Care Act
that says all plans must cover these 10
categories of benefit hospital care
prescription drugs physician care mental
health and substance use care pediatric
care and so on maternity care there has
been a lot of concern that some people
might not want or need those benefits
and they ought to be able to buy plans
that exclude the benefits and that's
what these waiver provisions with a lot
of states to do say you're allowed to
sell a plan that doesn't include mental
health or substance use benefits you're
allowed to sell plan that doesn't
include maternity passes now why does
that matter for people with employer
coverage in general the essential
benefits don't affect them but they do
with respect to one important provision
the Affordable Care Act says that you
can't have a lifetime or annual limit on
services that are included in the
essential benefits so by allowing the
states to change those essential
benefits they could really shrink what
is covered under the restriction on
lifetime and annual limits and employer
coverage so people who have an illness
that is excluded from essential benefits
and it's really expensive
might run up against those annual on
lifetime limits again
you
