you have to cut violence out of
everything that you do because if you're
violent in civvy Street you'll end up
behind bars is as simple as that I'm at
Middleton and a former SBS operator and
on coal for the bird called a su deadly
when you're in the military the rules
and regulations are completely different
so if you learn about society and you
learn to take all the positives from
your military career ie being a people's
person known how to communicate knows
how to deal with people knowing how to
manage people and you tone down the
aggression then you actually find out
you have become a very handy tool to be
sweet in the military my aggression just
went through the roof it was Code Red it
was getting there getting the job done
no mercy let's do it here in society are
now and look at stuff and I think right
ok actually I need to be aggressive here
I need to run that up to maybe get me
through this survival situation or I
need to ramp up to actually let the team
know that they need to buck them ideas
up they're being lazy I need to get
inquisitive but it doesn't go into that
Code Red so any soldier leaving the
military please learn about the
different world that you're going into
they aren't two completely different
worlds with two completely different
walls learn about it
adjust treating and you'll be fine
