I would avoid Carter sorts completely
their just bulky they don't look good
during the summer fine but not the
office not at a restaurant you want to
save it for very casual settings
barbecues around the house things like
that you're going to be out in public
khaki shorts just above the knee is
where you want to do sometimes you go to
your knee or below the knee that just
looks weird sometimes just above the
knee then you have like mid thigh so
depends on how much leg you want to show
you can go mid thigh I would avoid cargo
shorts completely there just bulky they
don't look good so avoid that as much as
possible save it for the camping trip or
the fishing trip as a hunting trip or
whatever and fire shoes boat shoe is
great a canvas shoe simple one it looks
good try to avoid sandals because guys
have some really nasty looking feet
oftentimes if you're going to wear
sandals make sure you trim your toenails
or not gross and yellow looking the
socks situation typically you don't want
to have a white sock showing up that
just looks like dorky dad so you can go
no sock but you risk you know having
stinky feet so an alternative to get but
the best of both worlds is a no-show
sock you can get these on Amazon or any
other store it's a sock but you can't
see it above the shoes it doesn't look
like you're wearing a sock
you
