only 180 of 1.5 million players were
playing organized loose football in
England at any one time we'll make it as
a primarily pro hi I'm Michael Calvin
author of no hunger in paradise all you
ever wanted to know about making is a
pro but were afraid to ask
academies of their very essence are a
good idea get the best players given
best coaches in the best potential
environment the problem is is that the
ills of senior football green
opportunism the stockpiling of talent
unnecessarily for commercial gain a
seeping down into new fruit and that's
what's happening in the academies of the
major clubs where boys going in they're
sucked into the system they're taken
over by the dream but realistically all
they will do is sit there and wait for
chance that will never come
the statistics are really sobering of
all the boys who enter an academy at the
age of 9 less than 1/2 of 1% in major or
make a living from the game was the most
damning statistical order is only 180 of
1.5 million players
we're playing organized youth football
in England at any one time we'll make it
as a Premier League pro that's a success
rate at Northpoint naught 1 2 % pretty
much the sort of chances of you being
kicked by a meteorite on your hand
you
