if you're thinking about getting a job
at a hedge fund today I think having
strong statistical and analytical
capabilities is probably the most
important thing you can do and then you
need to figure out whether or not you
have the technical capabilities that you
want to be on the quantitative side of
the business or on the discretionary
side of the business and I still think
people on both sides can be successful
most of our clients have a computer
science background they can code in
either Python or C++ whereas I'm a
discretionary side most of them come
from a more traditional investment
banking background and are digging into
aks and company fundamentals and being
able to look at companies from a
bottoms-up perspective as compared to
trying to use many different data sets
to help predict the prices of stocks
someone who's really analytical someone
who's competitive someone who's
hardworking and frankly somebody who can
challenge the people around them to work
harder
