one of the routines that I learned in
the Marine Corps that is still used
today I'll carry it through the rest of
my life is that I always have water and
always know where to get the next sip of
water
you never want to find yourself in a
place where you're dehydrated and no way
to refuel the tank the drill start
because you actually have two canteens
on your duty belt you carry around a
boot camp and when you run make you're
carrying the canteen of water and
they'll tell you stop drink you know
face outboard drink water drink water
Iser and they instill in you to always
stay hydrated one of the things that I
still do in that when I was a grunt in
the Marine Corps infantry we would not
only PT in the morning with the company
and the regimen the platoon earlier one
above every day between 11:00 in the
morning and 1300 or 1 p.m. it's a long
lunch we would go to the gym and workout
and it's funny because even now I've
been out of the Marine Corps since I got
off active duty in 1991 and still to
this day the time that I work out is
during that 11 to 1 o'clock hour this is
what elite warriors what champions do
when they find something that works they
just keep doing that over and over again
because they get great results at it so
because it's worked for me all these
years I just keep doing it
