I think chef survarium pretty basic
people you know simple we get we're
happy when we have some good bread or a
good pasta or you know I think my go-to
restaurants are either Italian or
Japanese I think that's kind of work so
yeah
I'm Daniel home I'm the chef and
co-owner of Eleven Madison Park Nomad
and made us one of my favorite dishes is
spaghetti with tomato sauce very simple
but you know it's all about the slow
roasting of the tomatoes I use a little
bit of anchovies in my sauce and and
then there's some fresh tomatoes but
there's also some canned tomato and the
best ones are the San Marzano and some
onions and then just cook the spaghetti
just right you know
nice aldente and and I used some fresh
basil in the end but I love I love the
simple recipes because you get to
perfect them over and over again and
they might seem simple but there's so
many moments where you either make it
really great or you can kind of go wrong
I love to spaghetti the dry spaghetti
because they're nice al dente
