I don't necessarily agree with the
concept or the ideas that NAFTA is the
worst trade deal the US has ever signed
hi my name is Gregory deku and I'm chief
US economist at Oxford economics if
anything I think it's been a positive
deal a deal that has increased trade
flows between three major trading
partners Canada the US and Mexico it's
increased the amount of flows of goods
and services that are transferred
between those two countries and it's
generally supported increased economic
activity increased job growth if you are
to winter environment where the US would
remove itself from NAFTA then it would
likely actually be the loser in terms of
economic activity and I wouldn't be
surprised to see Canada and Mexico
deciding to forego the United States as
a partner and create an alliance of
their own removing oneself from trade
agreements in general is putting
yourself in a difficult situation which
generally is not conducive to stronger
growth if you think about trade
agreements from a personal or household
perspective then you have to factoring a
number of elements you have to factor in
jobs that are created via these
exchanges between countries you have to
factor in inflation those are two of the
big elements in terms of jobs you have
to think about supply chains that are
global in nature if you think of some of
the great lakes cities those are heavily
intertwined with Canada and Mexico in
terms of the automotive sector so a lot
of jobs that relate to the automotive
sectors are in one way or another trade
related likewise if you think of
inflation and the ability of the United
States to produce some goods and
services they do have the ability to
produce a lot but not necessarily at the
same low cost as other countries might
so if you are to substitute your imports
say from Mexico or even China for
domestic production that's likely to
lead to higher inflation so your average
household will actually see higher
prices when they go to the store for the
same good and generally that wouldn't be
positive for consumer spending
