in terms of finding your soulmate
there's actually an algorithm developed
by mathematicians that can be used to
help you do this how it works is
basically you take the number of people
that you think you could go on dates
with in your lifetime and so let's say
let's say a hundred and mappers they
take the square root of that number so
that would be ten and then you go on
dates with those ten people and
afterwards you tell evolve no thanks but
you remember out of those ten which one
was the best person that you met then
keep going on more dates and the minute
you find someone who is better than that
best person out of the ten that person
is the closest thing mathematically to
finding your soulmate what's interesting
is you know this is kind of cold and you
know clinical and distant most people
don't want to use something like this to
you romantically find their soul mate
but what's interesting is we can also
look at research from arranged marriages
and find that you can learn a lesson
there as well in that love marriages
usually start off much happier than
arranged marriages but however after a
few years arranged marriage is actually
there their happiness quotient exceeds
the the love marriages the one would
take away we can learn is that with
arranged marriages people realize they
need to make it work they're basically
handcuffed to another person and they
put the effort into it as opposed to
love marriages people usually feel
there's some outside force that's going
to bring them happiness and that's kind
of dangerous to leave things to fate so
we can learn a lot from math from
arranged marriages in terms of
relationships in terms of how we can
apply these things and realize that
sometimes it takes a little bit more
than just romance sometimes a little bit
of math and a little bit of effort can
help
