what you feel isn't relevant Admiral
what's what you feel isn't the answer
the answer and why are you not answering
the questions is it an invocation of
executive privilege if there is then
let's know about it if there isn't
answer the questions I stand by the
comments I've made I'm not interested in
repeating myself sir I don't mean that
in a in a in the contentious way well I
do mean it in a concentric way I don't
understand why you're not answering our
questions you can't when when you work
when you were confirmed before the Armed
Services Committee you took an oath do
you swallow solemnly swear to give the
committee the truth the full truth and
nothing but the truth so help you God
you want to do yes to that and I've also
answered that those conversations were
classified and is not appropriate in an
open forum to discuss those classified
conversations what is classified about a
conversation involving whether or not
you should intervene in the FBI
investigation sir I stand by my previous
comments you swore that oath to tell us
the truth the whole truth and nothing
but the truth and today you are refusing
to do so what is the legal basis for
your refusal to testify to this
committee I'm not sure I have a legal
basis but I'm more than willing to sit
before this committee and in this inte
during this investigative process in a
closed session and answer your question
well we're going to be having a closed
session in a few hours do you commit to
me that you're going to answer these
questions in a direct and unencumbered
way I plan to do that but I do have I do
have to work through the legal counsel
at the White House relative to whether
or not they're going to exercise
executive
