the attack initiated when the first
suicide bomber was caught up a wire on
our perimeter and he detonated
Isis an enemy that we encountered their
weaponry and their tactics were more
advanced they were more well-trained
than any other force that my Marines
have directly engaged on previous
deployments
the realization of having 120-millimeter
rocket impact that close to you is a
game-changer
we landed in ch-47 army helicopters in
the evening cover of darkness
established 360 security and we built it
into a fire base
first round impacted directly on
howitzer number ones position steps from
where the gun crew was seeking cover
that round was when the result in steps
weren't Cardin being killed in the
eighth others wounded immediately
we didn't have an adjacent unit to our
left and a right we were the only
general-purpose
ground force
our mission was to provide force
protection fire support to Iraqi
security forces which we did
there's nothing that can put into words
how I feel about about those Marines in
that unit because it's something that
you that you feel and you sense when you
walk into a room of them and it's
intangible it's intangible you can't put
into words and it's hard to measure it
and that was the true key to what made
the battery successful
