often times the other day end up
focusing on tasks that seem important
but I just urge n't General Eisenhower
one of the guy that head up the d-day
invasion and also the president United
States he was faced with just constant
decisions throughout his military career
is also his his career as president did
the same
we often confused the urgent with the
important the important with the urgent
from that people have derived this thing
called the Eisenhower decision matrix
which helps you figure out what is
really really important and what's just
really urgent so there's this grid that
you come up with there are some things
that are important but not urgent some
things that are not important but urgent
the goal of this is to focus on what's
important and not urgent what are the
tasks of the most important that will
provide you the most return on
investment oftentimes throughout our day
we end up focusing on tasks that seem
important but I just urge --nt email to
answer phone calls to take readings that
seem important but aren't important
they're just meetings you don't need a
gun out of it so instead of focused on
those not important but urgent tasks
spend more time on the important stuff
things you know it's going to advance
the project forward advance your life
forward as you do that you're going to
find you need a lot more done by
you
