take it back I'll do it
you hear people of course you ever say
to my face but you know you know all
that wrestling's all fake I can't tell
you how many times I hit that mat I
thought to myself man this fake stuff
hurts like hell oh my goodness 97 and 98
it was on top of the world then I blew
my back out I just signed a
multimillion-dollar 3-year deal so I
would do anything to get back in that
ring
that's where yoga came into my life less
than three months I'm back in the ring
at 42 they said my career's over in 43
I'm the heavyweight champ of the world I
realized that I'm gonna do this forever
and I just started to share it with
people out of complete necessity I
created a workout which today is known
as DDP yoga it's kick-ass cardio
dramatically increase your flexibility
strengthen your core like never before
all with minimal joy impact
I'm here with the legendary WWE Hall of
Famer Diamond Dallas Page and he's going
to teach me a little DDP yoga I always
say most Yogi's are very nameste DDP
yoga way more TNA tone and attitude I
want you to open your fingers water when
you put your thumb away from your tie
don't let me do that don't let me do
that don't let me do that don't let me
do that
reach long reach I straighten those arms
get some leg huddle up I bring your
chosen these out right for towards the
mat exhale about three three two one now
get some height keep your knees bent
pull three two one can hear you deep
breath count with me
three two one keep your body off the mat
down twist that left hand open it got
left handed 12 we got perfect stay there
stay there
look straight ahead not at me count it
back five four three two one explode
diamond try to bring it down take it
back I'll do it t oh yeah there's so so
pop I feel like I supposed to wait then
that's about it what I want you to feel
like yeah I don't feel like I just went
to like a yoga class namaste
that's a little different I don't thank
you so much it's been your pleasure
