it's just like a bar you wouldn't bring
your own booth into a bar you cannot
drink your own alcohol on an aircraft a
lot of people down there this you can
bring your under three points or 3.4
ounce or less little bottles mini bottle
sealed in a plastic container that is
allowed through TSA you can tuck that
into your carry-on bag you cannot open
that up you cannot consume it don't do
it on an aircraft you cannot be
intoxicated on an aircraft it's a very
big deal right now and it's been
happening a lot and a lot of people just
don't know they think I'll order a glass
of ice and a thinga tonic and we'll just
open up the bar it's just a big no-no
that's just bad etiquette and it's a
huge federal aviation regulation and up
to eleven thousand dollar fine so it's a
very expensive drink so just don't do it
