one of the biggest Tesla bowls morgan
stanley's analyst Adam Jonas has cut his
rating from a bi to an equal weight why
and what does it mean to Morgan Stanley
analysts Adam Jonas has a 305 dollar
target on Tesla Tesla stock exceeded
debt this week Jonah's cut his target he
cut his rating rather saying hey it's
past my target few other concerns here
and there but it is a good time to step
back and ask really what are you buying
when you buy Tesla stock and how can you
come to a pinpoint price target on a
stock like this anyway
Elon Musk for his part on the last
conference call sort of backed up
something he said previously which is
that Tesla could one day be a 700
billion dollar company case you're
counting that would make a four thousand
dollar stock so that's Elon Musk's
unofficial price target on Tesla but
what is Wall Street saying well let's
take a closer look at Adam Jonas in
particular would suggest having read his
research what you are really buying
right now if you buy Tesla is a call
option on Elon Musk there is so much to
come on this story almost all of the
value on the stock is based on stuff
that has to happen many years forward
from now let's take a deeper look at
that one thing that's interesting is if
you look at Tesla now relative to for GM
and other car makers you see just how
tiny it is relative to some of these
companies they all have about 50 billion
dollar market caps but we see Ford
selling 7 million cars last year GM
selling 10 million testa's tesla sold 76
thousand tiny everyone says ok but
Tesla's going to take over Ford and GM
of all these pension liabilities huge
bloated cost structure Tesla's the car
company in the future they're going to
take over well again worth bearing in
mind you have to go way into the future
to get to the value we're at now and
when you dig into atom Jonas's research
it's very interesting his price targets
he lays out very clearly three scenarios
for what happens going forward his base
case going forward which gets him to his
three hundred and five dollar target
here are the some of the assumptions
that he is looking at first he has to go
out fifteen years and come up with a sum
as to what the business is going to look
like 15 years out in 2030 he is saying
that Tesla will be a hundred billion
dollar revenue company selling 1.2
million cars a year
he says discounting the value of that
back to today gets you a value for
Tesla's car business of about two
hundred and thirty three dollars a share
very precise and he is saying seventy
two dollars of the current share price
is actually attributable to a business
that Tesla hasn't even gotten into yet
the mobility business and the idea
around that is you're going to have an
app on your phone you're going to be
able to call it up like uber press a
button and a Tesla is going to appear
without a driver and take you wherever
you want to go sounds quite a bit in the
future but he is projecting that this
will start next year in 2018 and maybe
the holdover will be you'll get a driver
at first and then eventually it'll be a
driverless car but point is that seventy
two dollars of that three hundred and
five dollar target is attributable to
that so give you lots of assumptions on
the future
but Adam Jonas also says hey there is
also a bull case that is better than
that and a bear case and worse the bull
case what he says is look let's be a
little bit let's say you need a little
bit less return you only need an 11%
return going out into the future to
justify owning Tesla that gives you a
bigger number out there when you when
you do all the math backwards and maybe
some of the other businesses the Tesla's
in like the solar business are going to
amount to a little bit more value
doesn't have any value in the bear in
the base case so so that's a bullish
target gets you to 511 you say well that
sounds great but what about the downside
well the bear case and his bear case is
not that tesla goes bankrupt or anything
horrible like that but nearly that Tesla
is just a a good high-end small car
company like Porsche
for example Porsche is worth eight
billion dollars what does that get you
in terms of a target for Tesla $50 a
share that is hardly a disastrous
scenario and it shows you again what the
huge range is here so what are you
really buying if you are buying Tesla
and in talking to people about this this
week some of the optimists had some
incredibly precise long-term numbers
around how many cars they're going to
sell and how much they're going to make
per car and all that stuff but
what are you really buying you are
buying a call option on Elon Musk and
his ability to continue to do amazing
things going forward and you are buying
a tremendously successful car business a
future business that doesn't exist yet
that is still worth today before it even
exists tens of billions of dollars and
many other businesses that Tesla is
going to go into in the future if all
that works you get something around 300
if a little bit more works 500 if
Tesla's just a great small car company
like Porsche
hey downside from 300 250 so pick your
future and then make your buying
decision
