the use of headphones can be doing a lot
of damage in fact when we use these
earbuds that go into our ear canal and
we crank up the volume really loud
some folks are delivering tremendously
loud volumes to their eardrums and those
loud volumes can in fact damage the
inner hair cells and can lead to
permanent hearing loss and tinnitus or
ringing in the ears so I always caution
people to keep that volume at a
comfortable level where it's enjoyable
but not too loud that you may be
inducing on your own hearing loss the in
the ear earbuds also are occasionally
impacting one's own wax and so if the
wax starts building up on itself and the
earphone is going into the ear all the
time they may be causing impaction
severe wax additionally in the ear ear
buds particularly in the summertime when
people are exercising and sweating they
may be causing this dark moist warm
environment to become an incubator for
germs and they start getting outer ear
infections or what we call swimmers ear
so for all those reasons the in the ear
ear buds are somewhat dangerous and
harmful to our ears it's probably safer
to use external over the ear earphones
when you're listening to music
