we'd have a young men's accused of
possessing weapons with it never had a
weapon in his life judge all right you
caught Facebook and you see the kid
there with two guns you know in each and
with a big smile on his face it's over
for the most part if you publish
something on the internet and that goes
into the public to me if you say well
that's not my photograph that has to be
resolved before a jury would see it for
example is this you isn't you and how
can we prove it's actually you and how
can you prove it well it came out of
this account the account is traceable to
you if someone uses a photograph of you
and makes it public when perhaps you
intended it not to be you might be able
to have a an action against the friend
for unfairly depicting you as a drunk
for example but if you were actually
drunk certain I think you're in trouble
there is no prohibition against taking
that photograph you're out in public you
know people are just just recording that
moment if it's a matter of cloth of
criminality it's too bad that's an
accurate representation of you that's
the strongest evidence of your guilt so
why would we keep it out of evidence the
prohibition against using illegally
obtained evidence applies primarily
essentially solely to law enforcement it
doesn't apply to another civilian if you
were foolish enough to let other people
know your criminality well that's too
bad
you
