a lot of people we work with and around
hold the key to how we can be more
successful in either relationships or at
work and just thinking wow people
observe me every single day and they may
have tips or ideas and how I can be
better so as a leader you have to
inspire candor so you actually get that
information and that can be really tough
one of the things I like to advise
professionals on is just have an ongoing
conversation whether it's with their
drug reports or whether with their peers
and just being able to ask simple
questions such as can you please share
with me two things I'm doing really well
in the circumstance and two areas where
you think I can improve now whenever you
ask that questions from the first time
out the gate people might be a little I
don't know I don't know where you can
improve or I don't want to give you
criticism but if you keep asking
eventually over time you show a
willingness to receive that information
and ultimately you help establish trust
so people can give you that information
