you're going to set out on a day and
during that day you're going to commit
five random conscious acts of kindness
so not at the end of the day looking
back and saying did I do five things but
during the day counting them up oh yeah
I swipe somebody through the turnstile
it could just be I held the door it
could be that I called somebody who I
know needs a call and I've been meaning
to do it and you count up those five
things if you do that just once a week
we find those people their well-being
Rises and it stays up five random acts
of conscious kindness has an enormous
impact on somebody versus doing three
random conscious acts of kindness which
might be a little too simple they tried
it with just one they tried it spread
out over week doesn't do it the five
really makes you put your mind to it
because that would bet many of us do
something kind on almost any day but
this is about being consciously aware of
it and by making it five it does feel
like a bit more have I gotten to that
fifth one it's like the people who do
well with the Fitbit the people who do
well with it bits are those folks who at
the end of the day look down and they're
like oh I only got to 9000 steps I
wanted 10,000 I'm going to go around the
block they go home and they have this
tremendous feeling of achievement and
that's going to positively reinforce
that they're going to do it again
