it's saying essentially between the
cover-up today while he's wrong it's not
a cover
he has another case Israel's concern is
saying essentially this is a cover-up
today while he's wrong it's not a
cover-up in fact the president makes
very clear in his letter the fact that
mr. Comey on at least three occasions
assured the president that he is not
under investigation the winsome
president says in his letter what a few
friends it says that the president says
that's between the president United
States and director Comey but he is
telling you at least three occasion
three occasions he assured him he's not
under investigation Anderson but at the
same time he is taking the
recommendation of his Deputy Attorney
General and the Attorney General United
States that is time for fresh leadership
and to restore integrity at the FBI this
is what leaders do they take decisive
action based on the information they're
provided that's the president Trump did
today
Crowley wants to allegedly be about
restoring confidence in the FBI but I'm
not sure anyone fellows many people
believe this doesn't restore confidence
in the FBI in fact a lot of people are
raising questions about saying it
destroys people's confidence in the FBI
about whoever the president may appoint
is now going to be in charge of an
investigation into people who have been
close to the president during the
campaign any potential collusion with
Russ and today's actions had zero to do
with that do you know something that the
rest of us don't know about there being
nothing there in the Russia
investigation from either descend at the
house of the FBI investigations I know
that person after person including a
your own Joe Scarborough has said that
there's no evidence of collusion here
they've been pushing on this for months
all the way I've got to interrupt
I said there was no call yeah there's no
obvious evidence of collusion out there
right now and if there were that obvious
evidence of collusion it would have
already been leaked by now what I said
was there's nothing obvious there but
doesn't that just prove we need an
independent
also to investigate this not at all Joe
we've had almost an entire year that
they have spent the House committees the
Senate committee the FBI everyone has
looked into this and everybody comes to
the same conclusion yes absolutely
anyway you're not how has a tax rate one
Wow your neck specific reason I'm
telling you is that there's something
there
