saying no is usually for most people
quite a challenging thing to do why
because we love saying yes I'm Jody
shield and I'm author of my brand-new
book life tonic a modern tool box to
heal your life and soothe your soul we
love being people pleasers every time
you say yes you are giving a little
piece of your energy in your power away
to that person practice being honest and
tune into how you really feel about what
this person is asking you to do and and
say a gentle no say a nice no it's much
more kind to say no than to say yes to
something that you genuinely don't
connect to or cannot add value to in
your life isolate something that someone
asked you if you would attend or do for
them and practice saying those that
things in the mirror it really really
helped when you say anything from the
heart the way that it's received from
the other person is in a very calm and
open and peaceful way it's a very
non-threatening way of communicating to
someone else they are really healthy
please
knows the heart and actually when you
speak from the heart the other person
feel how them supported women talking to
them it's a very lovely way of
expressing from you and a way that they
will receive it in the best way for them
as well
you
