this doesn't take a lot of time or
energy and I am amazed at how much it
creates a sense of connection and
recognition if I had to take like a fun
little tip like one easy saying that you
can do it upsetting a lot of time energy
or money and strengthening relationship
one thing that we have done in my
household that made a big difference is
every time someone comes and goes we
give a sincere hellos and goodbyes and
this is something you can do at home
this is also something you could do at
work right it's to really recognize that
someone is coming or going in the end
and so it's not just like grunting out
of when somebody comes off the elevator
and is walking down the hallway past
your desk it's really to look the person
in the eye to say hello have a little
exchange and to acknowledge the fact
that they're coming or going and I am
amazed at how much it creates a sense of
connection and recognition and that's
what we want from our relationships is a
sense of connection and recognition and
it's an easy habit because it's very
it's like you know when you're supposed
to do it it's not like you know do three
good deeds throughout the day when
you're like oh I totally forgot or I was
going to do that after lunch but then
something can get you know this is
something like somebody's walking toward
you somebody's walking in the door you
think I want to give a warm hello and
goodbye and it can really deepen your
sense of connections with other people
