you've heard me talked a lot over the
course the last couple weeks I've been
on television couple times saying oh
there's no bricks in more than no bricks
and mortar and there's no bricks and
mortar for a wall nests we can build
this okay and we're going to build this
there are several hundreds of millions
of dollars for us to replace cyclone
fencing with 20-foot high steel wall
there's several hundreds of millions of
dollars in the bill for us can we bring
up the other photo please if we have the
photo
there's several hundreds of millions of
dollars for us to build levee walls
along the southern border and as many of
you know who follow this issue some of
the most vulnerable areas that we have
are places along rivers where we
desperately need levees in order to
provide that so that the protection of
southern border that we that we need
okay we are building this now there is
money in this deal to build several
hundreds of millions of dollars of this
to replace this that's what we got in
this deal and that's what the Democrats
don't want you to know this stuff is
going up now why because the president
wants to make the country more safe this
doesn't stop drugs and doesn't stop
criminals from crossing the border
factor doesn't stop hardly anything from
crossing the border this does and that's
what we got in this deal and that's why
we're so excited about the opportunities
that we have to follow through on the
president's promises to secure the
southern border
that's what keep drugs from coming over
the border they tunnel underneath the
border seven times before the general
the general left this is the wall by the
way that DHS said they want to set in
the Oval Office the president we've
talked about bricks and mortar talked
about concrete walls this is what DHS
wants why because it actually works
better you can tunnel under anything I
mean I will answer your question okay
you can see through this one okay it's
actually safer when we have this in
place now and we do it's actually safer
for our Border Patrol agents there
there's it you can talk to the DHS about
the details but there's been a dramatic
reduction in attacks on our Border
Patrol agents where they can see through
the wall because only throwing anything
over the top at them this is what DHS
wanted it's also half of the cost so we
can build twice as much of it this is a
huge win for border security it looks
like it looks like you have a wall there
already
this is stuff that is actually built all
right so this is an example that was the
picture I was looking for if anybody's
watching this is the picture of the
levee wall this is what it looks like
when it's currently built and that was
though the other picture up there any
more of the the cyclone fencing this
will be replacing cyclone fencing and
when can we see construction when do you
think you're going to go out there and
put up a wall this construction that you
see here well I don't know if it's this
exact construction because I don't know
where the photograph is this wall is
being installed in the southern border
today
