part of the reason as well why it's
becoming more acceptable to the dine
alone and have your own entertainment we
have your smartphones maybe you're as
busy taking pictures of your food that
you are actually eating it name is
Professor Charles Benson headed across
modal research drawer in Oxford
University and author of the book just
out gas the physics the new science of
eating you go back 10 20 years the idea
of eating by yourself and we can sort of
sad and lonely because are embarrassed
about doing it nowadays coming an
increasingly common practice and Mark
restaurateurs out there are realizing
the gap in the marking and trying to
cater specifically to solo diner the
number of ways you can do that and can
be through chef's tables can be by good
to be having table just for one diner
part of the reason as well whites are
coming more acceptable to dine alone is
we have your own entertainment of your
smartphones maybe you're as busy taking
pictures of your food as you are
actually eating it and that kind of
activity can occupy you lizard and have
a new cable company what that means is
on the one hand as a chef you have to
make sure that your dishes do photograph
well just serving a bowl of tomato soup
we're getting one they're taking the
picture won't get the share you look at
the lights we're gonna pre-marketing
you've got to make more kind of gastro
corn things that look reasonable to want
to share when you make things that just
look peaceful to the danger you forget
about the taste
crunch cigarette is there a way of
combining crude and beautiful to the eye
that people do want to share on social
media that when it comes to taste you
can guarantee will be a great tasting
experience as well
you
