we like to think of ambulances as doing
a public service which they clearly do
do but they're also charging now they're
billing and they're often out of network
one of my favorite stories in the book
is a woman who was in a miner bike crash
and you know she knew she'd heard
something everyone said oh let's call an
ambulance and then like a month later
she gets a bill from the ambulance
company and it was for like 800 bucks
and she said wait there must be a
mistake here you know this was the fire
department ambulance and the ambulance
company said nope you know we charge and
we're not in your network and you owe us
and she could have taken a cab to the
hospital but the ambulance was there she
went along with it and didn't think much
of it we like to think of ambulances as
doing a public service which they
clearly do do but they're also charging
now they're billing and they're often
out of network I'm a jogger I was
running in New York and I tripped on the
pavement and landed facedown near
Columbia a bunch of students ran up to
me and said you know how can we help you
should we call an ambulance and I was
like nope I am walking to the hospital
when people call an ambulance or think
why don't we just call an ambulance or
get in an ambulance there may be you
know financial repercussions
