so uh what's been going on
on the back end now of my presidency now
that it's completed I'm spending a lot
of time thinking about what is the most
important thing I can do for my next job
and what I'm convinced of is that
although there are all kinds of issues
that I care about and all kinds of
issues that I intend to work on the
single most important thing I can do is
to help in any way I can prepare the
next generation of leadership to take up
the baton and to take their own crackit
change in the world because the one
thing that I'm absolutely convinced of
is that yes we confront a whole range of
challenges from economic inequality and
lack of opportunity to a criminal
justice system that too often is skewed
in ways that are unproductive to climate
change to issues related to violence all
those problems are serious they're
daunting but they're not insoluble what
is preventing us from tackling them and
making more progress really has to do
with our politics in our civic life it
has to do with the fact that because of
things like political gerrymandering our
parties have moved further and further
apart and it's harder and hard to find
common ground because of money in
politics special interests dominate the
debates in Washington
in ways that don't match up with what
the broad majority of Americans feel
