my best recorded full mile time is four
minutes and 52 seconds
my biggest cookie trick when I'm running
is that I smile frequently during my
races which seems strange because you're
in a lot of pain and if you're running
fast you want to be hurting but I find
that for myself when I smile I run
faster maybe the first time that I smile
during your race was in high school when
it was pouring pouring rain and I
thought it was just just gonna be the
worst race ever decided to laugh at the
experience sort of and I smiled and I
ran my best race at that point ever when
I refigured that trick out in college I
seem to get a lot better kind of
instantly it's all correlation obviously
but what I started smiling I started
running a lot faster it doesn't have to
be natural necessarily you can just
think to smile and all of a sudden your
body you'll feel more relaxed you'll be
less stressed and you'll feel happier
and like you have more energy even if
you're in a lot of pain and you're
working really hard I think it's really
helpful to just have some kind of a
mental strategy and something to focus
on
for me that smiling and I think it could
work for a lot of people but just
figuring out what it is for you could do
wonders I think
you
