so confident what is interesting about
it is its nature I think many of us
think of confidence as a skill but it's
actually an emotion and when you can
appreciate the confidence in a moat is
an emotion you can understand why it's
high or low depending on the
circumstance and when you need it most
in spark we write about confidence
killing emotions fear insecurity and
worry those are the primary three and
it's really important to identify them
and label them and have a strategy to
work around them when you feel them
especially you feel those emotions when
you're going out there and trying
something new for the very first time or
perhaps taking a risk or starting an
experience that you have no past
experience before so being able to
recognize that there's an antidote for
fear worry and insecurity and let's just
talk about fear I think I have had the
great privilege of working with some of
the most extraordinary war fighters who
walked this planet I've been very
fortunate for that in my career did they
feel fear before they had to demonstrate
courage absolutely but how they process
their fear so they could have confidence
in the moment is what allowed them to be
successful so if you feel fear if you
feel worried or if you feel insecurity
the most important thing you need to do
is to be able to acknowledge it for what
it is process it and know that the
antidote to that is action what can I do
about it to get me through the situation
