well see you mentioned Wells Fargo which
is actually timely on this executive
compensation problem because in the
midst of this scandal you had this
scheme where basically people were
compensated based on how many accounts
they opened among other things and it
created this huge incentive for
employees to open accounts whether they
were real or fake and they would open
basically a bunch of phantom accounts
and usually the justification was that
it was you know no difference the
customers at all but occasionally they
did get charged fees or certain things
like this for accounts they didn't want
but you had in fact very good account
growth and customer growth putting all
this sales pressure on people it was
like plan a and the branches was do
raise a real sales right and they made
the fake sales and they couldn't make
the real sales rather so you still got a
lot of these real sales right the
company did very well in retail banking
and then it balloon into this enormous
scandal when they figured out they done
all of this yeah so with a few senior
executives a couple but that got forced
out there was recently this big claw
back of a lot of their pay and so I
guess my question for you is is this an
example of executive compensation gone
wrong where you had people who got paid
a lot for a long time for profits and
and positive indicators that were based
on bad behavior or is it an example of
it working because hey you got these
claw backs and it showed through the
system look so it's definitely not an
example I think of it working right i
mean clawbacks are nice but they're not
really solving the problem in a deep way
I think it's a manifestation of the
problem which is incentives gone crazy
you know in part economics is wonderful
not because of the behavioral stuff but
because we focus on incentives and those
are incentives that have just gone awry
then it layers into culture and it gets
even more complicated but the
first-order lesson from Wells Fargo is a
culture of driven by really really what
we call high-powered incentives you get
an extra dollar you get a big chunk of
that and that leads to all kinds of
behavior especially when it's at a very
high frequency very short horizons if
you do that over longer horizons like
you know what say you have a ten year or
20 year period then it's okay because
all these manipulations are harder to
sustain for that long but so I guess the
question going back to Prince elasian
problem is why did you have these
incentives in the first place you had
them because you know for a branch
manager or branch employee the incentive
is obviously to sit there and not try
too hard to sell unless you're so this
the the pay structure was intending to
align the incentives of the principal in
the agent and it went awry absolutely
and in a way you know the
principal-agent problem is just
ever-present right I mean we can solve
it and we can kind of ameliorate it but
it is the
problem right it's not we're not going
to go back to a time when you work for
yourself and I work for myself unless
the gig economy you know goes crazy and
everybody's working for themselves by
and large we're always going to have
that separation of ownership and
management and all we're trying to do is
on the margins solve it a little bit
right and it's but it's not a problem
goes away it's not a problem that goes
away in fact you know every relationship
you have with a doctor or with a
contractor it is fundamentally the
principal-agent problem
