no other sport in the world Garner's
international attention like soccer does
but as an American who grew up playing
soccer I'm always wondering why the US
men's team kind of just sucked at least
compared to the rest of the world for
the first time in nearly 30 years
the u.s. men's team has failed to
qualify for the World Cup that is a huge
embarrassment but on the flip side the
u.s. women's team has been great winning
multiple World Cups and Olympic medals
so why isn't this the case with u.s.
men's soccer the u.s. is the third
largest country in the world it's not
that there isn't Talent it's that we're
terrible at spotting it and cultivating
it basically there isn't enough
diversity in our elite players we
severely limit our talent pool in a
number of ways I think one of the things
limits it is is pay to play I mean it's
a problem Noah Davis has reported on
soccer for ESPN and bleacher report so
pay to play is this idea that to be a
part of your local club you have to pay
for a spot on the team in Europe most of
the clubs are free and so you don't have
to pay that the way that those clubs
make money is that their professional
team or their men's team makes money and
that you know that that pays for the
youth ones you need money to pay to play
so if your family is low-income you
don't have that great of a chance of
excelling in the US meanwhile some of
soccers biggest stars like ronaldo is
lots on Ibrahimovic and Neymar all come
from poverty but Manny school soccer is
free why can't kids just play there well
they can and do but that's actually
another reason why US soccer is falling
behind
u.s. schools don't invest in their teams
as much as European soccer clubs so as a
result the path of your typical u.s.
player is much different than in Europe
the soccer ecosystem in the u.s. is not
as fully developed as it is and then
another European country in European
countries there are a lot more clubs at
a lot of different levels and England
has that I have 20 different levels of
clubs all different professional isms
summer Amateur summer professional so in
England if a player is good he'll play
for his local club but that Club will
also have an adult and adult team so you
can kind of you go up the food chain in
the much more natural
two of us to get to the NBA NFL and MLB
players have to beat out thousands and
thousands of others soccer competition
is tough but your chances are a lot
better that's because there is a huge
disparity in popularity so some American
athletes that would have been great at
soccer may opt for a more popular sport
another reason US soccer culture isn't
that big is because we lack coaching and
scouting talent even if there's an
amazing kid it takes a good Scout to
find him and a good coach to train him I
do think that one thing when you look at
the u.s. that people discount is just
the sheer size of the country and if you
have an emerging soccer culture and you
don't have you know a ton of Scouts and
a ton of teams it's very hard to find
talent it's just like the sheer size
that the u.s. makes it difficult to
scout and to find the best players
because you know they're all over the
place Clint Dempsey one of the USA's
greatest strikers of all time is from a
remote town in Texas growing up his
parents had to drive him to Dallas for
soccer practice that's a six hour round
trip everyday a deeper scouting pool
would have allowed Dempsey to be found a
lot easier along with a ton of other
players who couldn't travel meanwhile
Iceland has fewer than 350,000 residents
it's easier to find the 30 best soccer
players in countries that are a fraction
to the size of ours so if we want to get
better the US Soccer Federation has to
develop a better system it can't be the
case that potential stars aren't found
because they can't afford to play or
that they're just overlooked entirely
