and can I tell you something I actually
see a lot of myself here you go
one man was brave enough one man to come
to my defense a man who was
unimpeachable about all female issues
now he's here tonight people please
welcome the President of the United
States Donald Trump very high hello
everyone good evening girl it's so
wonderful to be here on the factor I
don't like that I'm a big fan as well
and it's an honor to have you here and
can I just say mr. president you look
even better on TV I know I do I look
fantastic and can I tell you something I
actually see a lot of myself to you bill
Thank You mr. president thank you for
coming to my defense last week even
though no one asked you to and you even
went as far as saying quote Bill
O'Reilly did nothing wrong
that's correct that's based upon unjust
to loosen
Oh
as you know 60 our sponsors have pulled
their ads from the program no word as to
why yes
Oh
