the three foods that help strengthen
your immune system the most are
strawberries chickpeas and almonds
strawberries are great for your immune
system because they are a great source
of vitamin C I recommend buying organic
varieties because otherwise since you
are eating the strawberry as a whole
there is no skin to peel you are exposed
to more pesticides in a conventional
variety almonds are great for your
immune system because they are a great
source of vitamin E it's crucial for a
lot of enzymes that are part of the
immune system a cup of chickpeas gives
you 25% of your days worth of zinc which
is a vital nutrient to keep the immune
system running ethic should my advice if
you really want to boost your immune
system is to actually eat the whole
chickpeas and one thing that you can do
if you're not really into the mushy
chickpea in the salad kind of deal one
great thing you can do is actually roast
them in the oven for about 30 minutes
and you get a crunchy snack
