I work out five days a week I'm really
into Olympic lifting right now
that's what natural tanking I love it
exercise I really took this WrestleMania
this year how I want to look a diamonds
obsessed shape of my life it's just
something that I think about and I work
hard at but I have personal goals
outside of wrestling the back you know I
want to break my back slot record I want
to break my dad's with record and those
are things that I do at the gym with my
trainer that nobody knows about but I
know about it and it just keeps me on my
toes
I'm do interval training for warm-ups
for instance I do sprints
for 20 minutes maybe party on my off
days but I usually get my cardio and in
the ring when I'm having a match and I
sell Friday Saturday Sunday Monday the
big part of my character is being strong
and athletic right now I'm a low carb
high fat high protein I wake up in the
morning I usually have a slice and then
throughout the day I'll either have
chicken or turkey with avocado and
vegetables beer asparagus or broccoli
cauliflower I have about five years a
day so it's very routine but don't get
me wrong I love burgers burgers are my
go-to cheat meal that and didn't Jerry's
ice cream I haven't had any in a while
so after mania during my birthday I'll
definitely be treating myself
