when I wake up on New Year's Day I have
like 32 people I have to send happy
birthday text to that includes my mom
take a look at my family's refugee
resettlement documents it says that my
mom's birthday is January 1st but this
is fake news my parents were born in
Eritrea when the country was at war back
then birthdays weren't a priority so
many weren't recorded this became a
problem when they applied for US visas
like most forms these obviously require
your date of birth not knowing her exact
birthday mother dearest put down the
easiest date she could remember turns
out a lot of immigrants in the region
did the exact same thing political
conflict and lack of documentation keep
people from knowing their actual
birthdays in fact in 2009 of the nearly
80,000 refugees entering the u.s. 11,000
had January first birthday that's nearly
14% of refugees which is absurd because
that number should be around 0.3% now
it's like an inside joke for
first-generation immigrants so even
though the January first Happy Birthday
text to my mom is a joke it's always a
reminder of what my parents and other
immigrants have gone through to get here
