it's the same on Shark Tank as it is
when you're meeting a guy at a bar
there's some basic things that I think
mothers used to teach I'm not sure who's
teaching them anymore
you've got to have good posture
underestimated when I see someone walk
on the shark tank set and they're
hunched over I interpret that rightly or
wrongly that they lack confidence good
posture first impression looking someone
straight in the eye creates trust some
politicians are very practiced at
looking someone in the eye and they yet
they still can't be trusted but if
someone's not looking you in the eye
believe me you're not trusting them you
don't even sometimes even register it's
just an intuitive thing hmm I wonder
what this guy or gal is up to and then
you've got to look the part if you say
that you're gonna build the biggest
shrimp business in the world which one
entrepreneur on Shark Tank did I
remember looking at him and I was out
immediately and why because we were
asking about his organizational skill
who else is in his company who he works
with and the whole time he was telling
us how organized he was he had a giant
stained apron and it was wrinkled and
I'm thinking he's on national TV with an
unclean apron and he's telling me how
organized he is I don't think so and so
you have to look the part if you say
you're a baker look like a baker if you
say you're a tech guy and you don't wear
glasses put a pair of glasses on you've
got to look the part
so that it buys credibility after that
it comes down to one thing only which is
clear communication if you community
communicate your passion and the logic
of your idea clearly and succinctly
you're gonna get a fish on your hook if
you can and it's gonna lead to 50,000
questions you're gonna leave with
nothing in your pocket if you can't
communicate well you're never going to
make a sale you're never going to build
a business if you can't make sales so
communication is the capital trait of
every great entrepreneur
you
