for me football it helped and hurt in a
lot of ways the NFL kind of set me up
with a kind of have I had a sense of
entitlement you know you are football
player everyone loves you everyone says
you the man you you part of this whole
cult of masculinity like I got it all
and then all of a sudden that whole
promise gets yanked out from under you
you know because everybody you know no
matter what time in your life you are
you have to quit playing your sport and
then there's the transition and this is
something that only people who've been
through it can talk about that the
transition was extremely hard in that
you're not who you think you are because
you're known as an athlete you're known
as this and you don't as that and then
also you have to rebuild your life it's
very very intense people who have been
in your college with you I've gone on to
rather you to relative success while
you're starting over and it's very very
strange it's very boring but the good
thing about football is that you develop
a work ethic if you workout if you try
and you start to learn that anything can
be learned anything can be you know as
long as you keep doing it you can get it
and I have to say it's kind of weird
because I look at entertainment and my
football career the ups and downs the
ins and outs to how hard it was it
really prepared me for entertainment and
that I could take rejection I could go
to an audition and realize that it
wasn't about me and just realize it was
about the piece or realize that it was
about you know you go on a set and you
realize who's the star who's the coach
who was the director who's the day
player who was the backup this kind of
thing and it allows you to understand
the system of authority within that kind
of thing but it helped in hurt in two
different ways and I have to say for me
because of a mindset change
it actually ended up helping more than
it did hurt me
