the only good thing about the
controversy surrounding the
administration's exective order is it
allows us to correct the myths that have
grown up around refugee resettlement
first myth is that America takes more
than its fair share of refugees no more
than 85% of the world's refugees are in
poor countries not in rich countries
it's a myth that it's easy to get here
as a refugee it's tougher to get to the
US as a refugee than by any other route
it takes 18 to 24 months it involves 12
to 15 government agencies there's
biometric testing to make sure that
people are who they say they are those
are the facts it's also a myth that
refugees are not productive contributors
to society it's not just how about in
stein who founded the International
Rescue Committee it's not just Madeleine
Albright a refugee who became secretary
state it's not just that Steve Jobs his
biological father was a Syrian refugee
across the country there are refugees
who are becoming productive and
patriotic citizens and it's a myth to
suggest that they're not I think that
the resettlement process that the US has
developed a partnership from federal
government state government and NGOs
like the International Rescue Committee
has enormous strength and can teach the
world a lot it's a successful program
the biggest improvement would be to
ensure that those refugees with extra
needs those people who've come in with
bigger language difficulties those here
who've missed out on education that they
get extra help to ensure they can become
productive contributors to society
