there is a sense of tremendous euphoria
increased energy you feel great and it's
actually the surging extreme serotonin
serotonin is one of those so-called
love's neurotransmitters your sense of
warmth or the human interaction is
impacted in a certain way so you're more
likely to engage in behaviors that you
wouldn't otherwise do your executive
functioning gets compromised one of the
things that can happen if you're taking
it over and over again is a state of
hypertonia so hypothermia means your
temperature is low and hyperthermia
means your temperature is very high and
when that happens you can have kidney
renal and cardiac failure one will feel
the effects for three to six hours and
it will last in your system less than a
day I hate to say this but it's not
really addiction here you think it once
every four five weeks you're using it
more as a recreational drug rather than
as an addiction
so in those people you may have the
short-term effects but probably not any
long-term consequences that you're going
to see
