I didn't know what I was doing at all me
and the whole relationship with the PC
world it's kind of wonderful because I
remember what coming in and watching my
son I thought he was playing a video
game and he wasn't he was actually
watching someone else play video games
on the computer and I was like wait wait
you're not playing you know what is this
he was like oh no this is so-and-so he's
the hit guy he's playing I said I don't
understand this and I realized I was
losing my son I was losing him and I
said I need to be a part of his world I
need to find out what he's about because
you know so many times parents are like
okay come on we want to come to work
with dad come to do what dad wants you
to do and I realized I didn't want to be
that guy so I asked him what he liked
and what he's about he was like I love
games I love video games I love this
whole thing so I said listen not only
are we going to get into the games we
are going to build our own computer I
didn't know what I was doing at all I
just went got a list and all the video
tutorials I could find and balls and
stuff and then I got Facebook to help me
I literally up my facebook like where
does this court go does this go in here
and they were like yeah they never do
the other thing they go no it was really
hilarious because to watch me fumble
around and I let me tell you once you
start it's like it's the most advanced
Lego set ever you can't stop it was a
bonding experience between me and my
sons
once that power button you press the
power button and it all worked the thing
lit up and we were playing game we play
games and we see that what's happening I
just said this is the most satisfying
thing ever it's like the new ham radio
the PC thing is something that a father
can do with his family it's funny
because my daughter's liked it too so
it's really great but I knew he would
that's one thing he was in and I said
I'm gonna be a part of your world and
now I'm in
you
