in order to make it work on main thing
you're trying to really divide it so
that I really do the creative side and
that really does the business
development side and we try and really
respect the other person's point of view
I'm married to my business partner which
I'm sure some people would think would
be an unlikely recipe for success but
actually for us it works really well and
I think the main thing was I'd started
building to assist viola and I've done
lots of events and talked to my filters
online following and I met Matt he's my
now husband and we realize our skills
together could take it so much further
because I love the creative supervisor
things I love the food I love the social
media I love the engagement or the
communication and love building a brand
he loves finance and spreadsheets and
all things practical and organized and
he loves managing people and put
together we realistic to take this and
we could drive to the other so much
further which is what we did by opening
up deli cafes in London by launching
blinder products across supermarket
Facebook Starbucks we chose going
through but I think in order to make it
work on making or trying to really
provide it so that I really do the
creative side and that really does the
business development side and we try and
really respect the other person's point
of view on that any big decisions we
have to both agree on but otherwise we
try and keep it quite separate and I
think that is how we make the work I
think otherwise we probably murder each
other
