you say that you are optimistic that
dynamism will return to the United
States help it does it how much does it
matter whether we have good or bad
public policies is that a thing that's
just cyclical and will come back or does
the government have to do something
specific to cause that to happen I think
it matters a lot but at this point I'm
not optimistic about reform and many if
any policy areas at all I think will
make further progress by inventing new
things that aren't much regulated yet
and out racing bad policy I look at so
many policy areas regulation regulatory
reform health care reform it's all
failing we're not making improvements or
going backwards as we were discussing
before the new Republican healthcare
plan appears to be a step backwards
Trump's get rid of two regulations for
everyone passed maybe it's better than
nothing it's not going to be very
effective compared to the total stock of
regulation it's not going to work so
does it does it matter the Donald Trump
is president does that does that concern
you about these trends if I mean because
setting aside his ideology he does not
seem like an especially competent
manager of the government of the
bureaucracy I sometimes called Trump the
placebo president he will talk a big
game but for domestic policy I think
change remarkably little I worry much
more about foreign policy not the topic
of my book but there I think the
president matters much more can there be
any benefits from Trump as a placebo
president you talk of absolutely so so
walk us through how that could help
here's a scenario I'm not saying this is
how things is and so first of all
explain what you mean when you say he's
the placebo president that people feel
better because he says all kinds of
things no one else would say and we get
certain tendencies out of our system so
if attacking immigrants say is a
substitute for doing something worse
there's at least a scenario under which
that's a better alternative than
something else that might have happened
here's the positive scenario but
something has been going wrong in
American society you see it in wage
growth opioid abuse many other social
indicators as you know sometimes it's
better to get the bad reaction to that
over with quickly while your civil
society still is strong and you can
react and respond in protest and you
know for eight years from now make
another decision and maybe it's better
to have that happen now than 20 years
later when some of our problems are
worse than our national
his horse
