well the question is whether the
increase is greater than expected and i
know i'm talking like an efficient
market and government but already people
are expecting the Fed to raise interest
rates and it's already had an impact on
longer-term interest rates and it
already had an impact on the price of
the dollar so the question is will they
raise them more or less than expected
another question is who Janet yellen's
replacement will be and what does that
person's stance look like you have a
thought on who it might be I wasn't
about hit me I think they should keep
Janet Yellen on she's great but of
course Trump won't you have an idea who
you think it will be it would be some
great businessperson probably a man okay
and probably someone who is not really
focused and impressed by the Fed who
wants to probably shares his values
about deregulation and keeping out a lit
the businessmen do their business and
would that be to work is there what type
of person would be the worst person
putting learn effect now you are as a
person but what type of person Ron Paul
wrote the book ends the Fed yeah that's
right absolutely
