when we talk about complacency and all
of the political upheaval that has
happened over the last few years right
is it complacent to vote for things like
brexit is a complacent to elect Donald
Trump president it feels like a lot of
people are thirsting for big changes
they don't want to stay exactly where we
are at least in our political
environment it's an underlying theme of
the book that complacency can't last
forever if you cease to replenish the
creative capital of your society at some
point things will get broke so your
politics may become 265 based so people
are fighting over a fixed by rather than
building and growing pie and you'll have
a political crack-up or maybe you won't
be able to need a debt crisis that's
what we're seeing now i think if you
look even at trump it's striking how
much his message is really backward
looking towards the past if he talks
about infrastructure it's not the smart
grid or biotech it's about fixing roads
tunnels and bridges a very even 1930s
vision so people want to make America
great again not build the new America of
the future so and you saw that with
Bernie Sanders I would contend to
there's a certain idea of a lost period
when labor unions work well and when
jobs paid people enough to make a good
living that also looks sort of like a
backward-looking vision that's right as
is brexit some notion of an earlier
England which may or may not ever have
been true but if only we detach from the
European Union will somehow get that
back again but it's not there anymore
