I guess it would be all right it was you
know just kind of a waste of time but
it's worse than that by doing this
particularly in the first version we
seem to be living the narrative of our
jihadist enemies which is fundamentally
that there is undying enmity hostility
between Islam and what you and I called
the West or the modern world we seem to
be living the version of us that the
jihadist are telling the broader world
of Islam they hate us they all hate us
there can be no peace I think this
version of the executive order is
infinitely better than the first version
it's smaller more narrow more focus the
Iraqis are off the list after all we're
fighting with their army against
al-qaeda and Isis Syrian refugees are
not singled out and we don't have a
carve-out for religious minorities which
made the whole thing constitutionally
problematic so I'm sorry that we did
this in the first place I'm glad we're
doing a little bit better I don't know
what the courts are going to say about
it but if we're going to do it let's do
it and get it done and get back to
normal
