he's the president united states he had
information and intelligence that the
rest of us do not this may come with
some surprise to the current occupant of
the Oval Office but the president of the
United States does not have the
authority to unilaterally order the
wiretapping of an American citizen if
the FBI decided to use their wiretapping
authority in the context of a
counterintelligence or criminal
investigation it would require FBI
investigators officials of the
Department of Justice going to a federal
judge and making a case in demonstrating
probable cause to use that authority to
conduct the investigation that is a fact
how does he know that it acted the son
was actually tapped let me answer that
globally he's the president united
states he had information and
intelligence that the rest of us jus nod
and that's the way it should be for
president i would note that curiously
with the timing the day after his
amazing joint session which everybody's
pulling and most honest and analyst said
was a complete home run for him that the
New York Times had a report that clearly
showed that there was a rush to preserve
and sprinkle intelligence information
around the Obama administration toward
the end of it now we should ask why that
is
