what's up guys we are heading to Five
Guys today and we are going to check out
the things on their secret menu five
guys really cool because you could
actually customized pretty much
everything on the menu so let's check it
out
the blue cheese is like so thick and
strong as the bun that's like this the
light meaty taste and it's so good I
love this
this one's a little small and skimpy I
like me a big sticky burger but everyone
knows what the patty melt is if you ask
for it they can just make it it's like
eating a salad that's actually a perfect
that no idea what I was talking about I
want to order this burger I asked for a
presidential I'm pretty sure the other
guy laughs I thought I just had to tell
the locals on the burger could I do the
presidential the one that Obama ordered
look at this cheese no that's crazy
like what a burger has cheese like that
can't be bad at it I can see why Obama
ordered this burger every time it's very
good like it's just a flavorful
not bad I probably put a little bit too
much a 1 sauce
we're going to try to recreate in and
out animal style sauce and try it out on
this burger really close it's almost
animal style I think the sauce takes
away from the burgers flavor Five Guys
again it has really good flavor for
burgers in my opinion so if I came back
I probably wouldn't get the sauce on my
burger I would probably dip a couple
bikes into the sauce or use the sauce
for my fries wow that was a lot of fun I
just tried both popular item for five
guys secret menu and honestly I don't
think there's much you can do to a Five
Guys patty to make it taste bad if
you're trying to cheat you can treat
yourself you can get a double grilled
cheese burger because it's two grilled
cheese bun or for a healthier option you
can get the keto friendly burger for our
guys to the Ducks
