magicians of many artists still there
very good observers of human behavior
and of human perception and one of the
main ways in which magicians are able to
manipulate their attention is basically
by getting us to multi-touch
multitasking is a mess we may seem that
we're able to do several things at once
but the fact is that when we are
dividing our attention we become a lot
less effective than if you were to will
just a single task at once at a time so
magicians take this divide and conquer
approach with attention typically
they're going to ask you to divide your
attention in many different locations
from space or even they're going to
generate an internal dialogue so that
you're having a conversation with
yourself instead of your head what is
happening is what was the situation
right now and what you're driving your
attention inward or you're allocating it
in competing places you become a lot
less effective finding out the secret
behind the magical effect
