so I've been to a prison in Somalia you
know spoken to the faxes in Iraq so the
guiding question for the work we do at
jigsaw is how can technology make the
world safer we look at things like
complex environment repressive
government's illicit actors such as
terrorist group so we spend a lot of
time talking to the people who are on
the front lines of geopolitical
challenges so that means sometimes we'll
go there so I've been to prison in
Somalia you know spoken to defectors in
Iraq I've been to a refugee camp in
Kenya we really value direct
conversations with the human beings who
are living through this stuff and can
tell us about their their emotions that
also the role of Technology our goal is
to understand the challenges and you
know rapidly evaluate all the different
ideas for how technology can help we're
always interested in proving the
concepts and then finding partners in
the ecosystem who want to use the
product or technology going forward
