raindrops drop tops bankrolls on me keep
me company we did the most pull up in
ghost
davin on them like the usual I'm young
and rich
plus I'm bougie started from the bottom
now we're here started from the bottom
now the whole team here six foot seven
foot eight foot Bunch
Young Money militia and I am the
commissioner you don't want to start
Weezy cuz the f is for finisher the
reaction took me completely by surprise
I still haven't heard about the total
reaction but I keep hearing from people
who think well you are everywhere
yesterday you're on this you were on
that it was tweeted here Facebook but it
was fun we we topped the news for one
day
we would work your confidence would work
inject me in a shake Alice another one
race talk rape talk here we go talking
that safe talk my swag different my bag
different my wife Beyonce I brag
different special cloth talks major key
oh thank you so much I have no idea what
I just read
