seems a little steep like 10,000 ish I
think the number one thing is waiting
the idea that you know we wait for
things that we really want and saving up
and waiting for something you want is
really the key to money if you're able
to delay gratification so instead of
buying a snack every day after school
you take that dollar put it into an
account you know or put it into even a
jar in your living room and save up that
money and use it to buy a Lego set or
whatever your kid wants you know diner
speakers or whatever it is that really
helps kids get a concrete sense of what
they need to do to save money in the
long term and I feel like starting now
is so important kids to start as young
as age three research shows the kids
really understand the concepts of
exchange and value I think waiting
though is really the key
