the u.s. just doesn't have a stance on
the water bagel but the water used to
make dough for bagels and pizza and
everything I would imagine comes from
the tap so any minerals that are
dissolved in the in the water will be
incorporated and react with whatever
agents use baking soda baking powder so
if it's not filtered or if it's filtered
to remove just the chlorine those will
ultimately affect how the dough Rises or
bakes
so in Long Island and in the city the
water that's used tends to produce good
bagels in my opinion elsewhere um the
water is a lot different and even if the
water are soft in two locations there
could be different metals dissolved so
you could have more iron in one location
or other trace elements that would cause
a similar effect and a different taste I
heard that there was a guy in Florida
that tries that tried to filter the
water that came out of the Florida
aquifer that's mostly limestone and
stripped bought all the calcium
magnesium and then kind of put back the
elements that were that would be found
in New York water to try to get a
starting point with New York water and
see how if he could then replicate the
New York table
