hi guys so today's video I thought why
would do is try some Poundland makeup
for you this is something that loads of
youtubers have done and I've been
wanting to do it for ages and actually I
bought all this stuff literally months
ago I just haven't had time to sit down
actually give it a go so I'm just going
to get straight into it I picked up two
foundations this is the gorgeous
flawless long lasting foundation I
didn't even test the shades I literally
just like picked up whatever fine five
and baseball I think I should go for a
beige for probably friends recently I've
literally been using nothing but
high-end a kind of brands so this is
basically going to the extreme testing
it out why not as I know a lot of you
guys have told me to kind of do this
anyway here's these fun little said you
think you can jump in that with the
water ball I don't have a kitchen or a
chapbook
in this office so okay whatever I'm just
going to literally go straight into it
anyway people might let's justice
foundation all over my face and then
blend it for better laughs oh gosh
that's it way too much there whisky baby
might be a bit too dark for me yeah
definitely too dark for me but it's
actually the lightest shade I take self
so too bad Deena
too bad I'm not really going to be shy
when I'm trying this because well we're
trying it and we really need to see how
it plays up to be fair I have really
awful skin right now guys I don't know
what's going on by breaking out like
crazy oh wow this is really orange oh
crap this is way too dark for me well
they didn't when you have any testers
out in the pattern lunch shops so what a
first edition of mean this blender I'm
not gonna lie it is actually good
whatever you do don't buy cheap beauty
blenders either buy the real ones or buy
like the Real Techniques one or
something okay so so far this foundation
is way too orange for me but you know
that's not there for the recipe my fault
and not really offering a matter a lot
of coverage also not doing much of a
good job with the blendy blendy maybe
we'll just let that kind of sink into my
skin for a bit
then go in with a second layer in a
little bit in the meantime I'll try the
concealer I didn't find any options so
energy to take up the only one they had
in it like this kind of sick thing so oh
wow that's literally even coming out
okay okay it's like putting chalk on my
face actually no it's not that bad hold
on I love it
not that bad you just have to get it
going okay so in contrast to the
foundation the concealer is very very
bright let's go back to that beauty
blender and tap it all in since of
eating his lunch over there okay the
concealer is definitely better than
foundation it's got a very like talked
like feel to it you know you know that
kind of concealer when it's like really
chalky looking not not feeling for each
okey looking feels Rachael
she looks so bad okay I'm going to go in
with another bit of foundation
everywhere just to give you some extra
coverage and try and make it more
flawless see if it needs it's like I
don't know where it's going where is
it's disappearing to because it's not
going up to my face literally just on
the back it up
you really got a thick cover you like
why is it so cheap guys let everything
but I thought literally was one pound
did like everything that I bought about
50 things it cost me my credit accounts
so like everything really was that cheap
you know
Beauty Blender is the worst thing on the
planet not than I like actually horrific
Beauty Blender and then if you can see
up close probably but my nose got proper
foundation streaks
now I'm going to go in with some powder
which again is the only powder option
that they had I think oh I'm going to
take this kabuki brush but I picked up
and grabbed it into the powder and
literally powder on my whole face off oh
my god better smells like talcum powder
oh that's the cost the most overbearing
smell of talcum powder on the planet wow
that it's still strong oh I hate it when
the brushes the handle the brushes come
off onto your face flatten or
you so much okay shall we try some
baking with the Beautyblender and the
powder grabbing a lot of that and I'm
going to put that underneath my eyes
just pack it under see if I help can you
think wow oh it really smells of talcum
powder guys that is insane
not pleasant at all people have used
actually talcum powder for baking
currently as I like a beauty hat so
basically power and land got there first
but just branded is differently there
you go
okay so we'll leave that there for now
with a lovely smell and what I'm going
to do is maybe have a look at some of
the eyeshadow palettes they have likely
single color so this is cappuccino nine
I am going to put it into my crease I
feel like you can get away with cheaper
eyeshadows especially when you're just
doing the regular colors because if you
just spend more time blending then you
you'll be alright
not bad ladies now I think I'll go for a
darker color this is called brown
truffle and I'm actually going to create
like a wing with this was a very ready
brown dark brown indeed let's just lend
that out it's very very ready Brown
which I guess is quite on-trend served
okay that's not bad guys oh hold on and
that know it looks shocking one of our
creepy okay I did create some kind of
like shape there and then I managed to
just blend it all into nothingness so
that's a bit annoying and it doesn't
really stay that long on the lid the
pigment is all right this with another
shade perhaps do okay I'm going to grab
the eyebrow kit and use the shimmery
white to put on my lid because they
literally didn't have anything else give
this a go for now oh why did I do that
that looks actually disgusting
you started now you got really still
Kenya not really okay guys we're going
for a white silvery lid we're not
certainly different right I think I
should fill in my brows they didn't have
an angled brush I'm just going to use
mine and going with the darker shade
that they have where I just start
shaping my brows you know when you like
you put foundation and you put layers of
it and lays it on your nose but your
nose still just doesn't have any
coverage that's what's going on with my
nose right now Oh guys this is not
looking nice in this mirror
it's not looking flawless at all it just
looks like patchy weird no coverage grey
kind of makeup that is not a good look
Wow okay the brows are failing as well
failing brows okay you know what we need
guys we need a bit of bronzer so I've
picked up the only one they had and this
is this matte bronzer and I am going to
go in with that and then we'll do blush
highlight and then we'll finish up the
eyes and see what warning okay oh it's
very orange that's not the kind of
orange I normally like tangerine kind of
orange I only like like a you know more
of a brownie Orange I'm not feeling this
kind of orange basically guys if I was
use Power Man makeup in the mornings
when I need to get ready quickly I don't
think it would be a good idea because
it's not giving you that quick easy
flawless actually love it with taking so
long even attempt a flawless kind of
finished look goodness I don't know how
to differ on camera but remember guys I
believe we all look better on camera you
know I feel like I need to even this out
everywhere rather than have it contour
because it's just too orange a lot the
complexion of it I thought I was doing
well but okay we just need to sit
yourself put that down okay and then I'm
going to go in with the highlighting
powder guide which is like a pinky kind
of one and see how that kind of works
I really can't tells us doing anything
is it can you it's not doing anything I
genuinely can't see anything happening
that it what is this highlighter
isn't actually very very subtle actually
you know it is doing it's just
very very subtle not giving me that Wow
I should see my paws and my black hairs
right through all those layers of my
nose that is not exciting okay now for
the blush I called feeling blush blusher
and it is in coral rose / highlighter by
the way was in Pearl shimmer so let's go
in with the blusher I bet you this work
blushes always do
I'm gonna attempt them system I don't
need fictitious through anything okay
let's finish off the eyes shall we try
this but I picked up which I thought was
quite exciting because it is a chick
flick eyeliner but it's like a glittery
black rather than a normal one shall we
just give it a go because maybe
something good will come out of this
whole thing and it will be dis eyeliner
what do you think I think there's a
possibility there yeah oh my god the
applicator looks so flimsy man let's
let's just give it whatever let's just
do small wing on the other eye as well
just for the sake of continuity sorry
about like I the fire alarm went off we
all have to go outside so it means did
well and got ourselves a coffee while I
have been outside my eyeliner dried and
actually looking okay not gonna live a
bit sparkly but that's the idea now I'm
going to go in where the mascara
we've got volumizing mascara pretty
standard looking ones nothing exciting
my I've got no expectations with this
because my eyelashes are shocking anyway
so I'm just going to do the lightest
coat ever oh my god it's lit you're not
doing not even seeing wow my eyelashes
man literally non-existent he goes I'm
not even exaggerating most people when
they say that they're actually
exaggerating but cabina don't exaggerate
Dina has no lashes
okay let's go on to lips I got this lip
liner which I think looks alright and
it's in the shade rose ah I spoke too
soon
nothing's happening look at this where's
the pigment people okay wherever cuts on
the liner no getting any more up the
line than that is actually shocking okay
now let's go in with this lipstick so
I'm gonna try the first
ah I hate packaging so annoying right
let's try this lip you guys this is in
shade choco maca okay
I mean nothing spectacular plus it's got
that growth flavor slash smell of like
you know you know you know that really
classic lipstick kind of there's no
other service it's just gross so let's
get the lip the matte lip color out put
that over it and hopefully that gives me
some gloves are you okay give me a
little something extra so I'll go with
that a little bit bit see on application
but it's fine
I am going to just add some more of this
 liquid liner and really
emphasizing I feel like about the other
thing that's going to save this whole
thing it's almost like using glitter vo
actually that's what it feels like I'm
using glitter glue okay that's the liner
guide I've the integrated in so you
could see the line of properly what kind
of do and you stopped it just going here
why do I here here's the full makeup
look really quite terrible if you ask me
especially in real life I know it's
probably not going to come up on camera
but in real life I have zero coverage
pretty much you can see the pores coming
through on my nose and blackheads which
is horrific my brows are very streaky
very hard to blend in I shadow isn't as
bad mascara not going to fault the
there because I have no lushes the only
thing I see did enjoy using although it
felt like I literally on my eyes
is the retreat liquid liner think maybe
what I will do is add a little bit like
some brown shadow underneath there we go
bit more wooh nurse that's it that's the
makeup look basically you get what you
paid for okay
I probably wouldn't use this makeup
again not going to lie I might pick up
the glitter liner again actually
potentially and which is this and then I
might pick up maybe like one of the mini
eyeshadows if I couldn't find anything
else well that's pretty much it oh I'd
still have a soft soft black eyeliner
here but this is anything like the lip
liner it's probably gonna take ages for
it's come out so thanks for watching
guys I hope you enjoyed this video and I
will see you on my next one for next
time
