hi guys so I am back with another
opening my mail video to show you that
addiction spread and then we've got all
these boxes which go all the way down
basically to the floor okay let's get
started were basically when Hannah wakes
up she will claim with everything this
is from a company called painted letters
hand painted tote bag oh I got it house
painted Dell we've got tote bag with
Arabic numbers painted all over it and
we have a tote bag with some Arabic
letters painted on it and then we have
this bag over here which says soup which
basically stands for like market or shop
that's the name of the company oh it
must be called the soup Oh somebody's
working it okay you could be out I
didn't order this
josephus what is it the first connection
rug that we wanted ordered by mr. Javid
so hold on they're taking a big guys I'm
just being a bit quiet I'm trying to
figure out what's going on here
basically they're the French Connection
rug so I've had my eye on for ages and
it's just been delivered to us not by
French Connection I mean by French
Connection by meanness been ordered by
somebody called mr. Javid I'm mr. Javid
good sir I don't know who you are but it
seems as though you have bought it or
maybe you work French Connection he's
like let's get them that soft discount
but they never know or anything on there
probably something for 2 2013 3 let me
help him advice this one mr. Javid let
me have it good thing I never bought it
without - Oh it'll be quite cool it's
amazing isn't it I feel really bad I
literally only insta story door smashed
idol or something and somebody's gone
ahead mrs. mr. Jabez and both before us
and sent it so if this is mr. Javid and
you've literally just bought it as a
gift then that's what really really kind
feel really bad if you actually paid for
this out of your own money but having
said that I'm not one to refuse a gift
oh I ha ha I love how you keep saying
mr. Javid
mr. Jarvis is address or miss it says
mr. Javid yes I'm saying I'm not making
an offer manager may become is for
bella' number probably the best thing
I've ever gotten my period box ever in a
million and one big ears
who is it my name did you know where a
luxury hamper and favor company
specializing and personalized
confectionery all of our products are
suitable for vegetarians and are
alcohol-free we hope you enjoy your
goodies well well well what were you
saying earlier before you you wanted to
open this here box I hope that food in
this peer box opening and there is diva
talk here with cost limits organized
favorite soft chocolate bar a lot of
packaging for a bit chocolate guy blimey
oh that's for Hannah oh you've got car
nice gender stereotypes salted caramel
chocolate cinnamon apple clusters creme
brulee yes everybody likes some pimp you
know a strawberry mousse chocolate well
thanks guys okay we've got this pretty
looking box over here special gift from
us to your little princess Hannah love
miss Dodie cutter and a little flag oh
sweet I love it when people send stuff
for Hannah
oh whoa
hannah has beautiful I think that one
maybe the big for her brother Sookie
always all guys the website is miss
Dobie calm literally mi SS do di miss
Dodie cutter is the Facebook Twitter and
Instagram
thanks guys last big box a hey jebby
Barbie for my Hannah oh this is from
everything toy house so Hannah now has a
talking Amina Muslim doll right under
what she says them to girl Express
from the outcasts eaten
hygiene I hope you're well it's lovely
to meet you at elements of you niggas
mortgage vahana hope she loves a hijab'
as much as we do
thank you for supporting our business
founder of Ibraheem so I have thanks
very much guys
it was very lovely to meet you al MSW
and Hannah is very excited about her new
gift so thank you very much so I've got
paralyzed necklace guy says Cena on it I
dunno if it's in Halliwell we know you
like an angel repeat what if it's a
little bit pompous this direction to
direct reflection which I do like that
maybe we can spot you won't get your
lovely outfit they put a picture all
this actually we operate via Instagram
if the instagram ID is zero prestige do
it well what's not really good Instagram
idea could you zero proceed you can
solve a house away but for now it will
do but thank you very much guys and then
guys have got a bill from FedEx from all
the posts and Vincents from abroad very
much yes I guess it's the least I can
pay for all the freebies I mean y'know
away hi Dina please finally close the
selection of sleek makeup I thought
you'd like I hope you like a foghorn
all the best Natalie we're very much but
there's also underwear with you there's
also somebody that's meant to meet what
a prison that was accidental it's not
you so that's good hold on whose prize
is Imogen lose in the 38 GG I mean and
then also this must've frost if it must
be like that must have been a mistake
okay if it was which I mean I'm sure it
was well that looks like an expose then
please email me and I will get these to
the right person or back to you guys so
you can get until my person cuz that's
got to be a mistake
I mean I see all the sleek makeup but
nowhere in the note doesn't mention raw
kale and all the klique makeup guys
quite exciting
face form contouring palette eyeshadow
highlighting palette
we've got bear kissed illuminator we've
got the matte lip cream another blush
palette Oh Queen consort or another
eyeshadow palettes more lip Lilu this
big package over here by the way so far
is my address show because our mailbox
address so those of you guys wanna go I
bet so just the person did you know
we've got something special for you hope
you like your love to dress flowers
pieces this is what we love to dress
Instagram love to dress website love
that too - Dresden tunnel our brands
from Malaysia and would be honest if you
wore a large collection since you're all
about comfort Lessing yes I am Wow
these are looking comfy as hey little
girl oh that's good cuz I'm going on
holiday yes like a travel in these thank
you and we've got the same types in gray
perfect oh the poor gray trousers today
for Laura but I need to now thank you
love the dress I will check you out
properly and then probably email you and
say can you send me more stuff Hanna
sorry my eyes
oh no rhythm in we've got some new
regimens for adult multi gummies oh
sweet fit hello cookie Pitman pair
between hair skin and nails very energy
and if you system support with immense
of the skies over it
I don't know bitumen making sure that my
health isn't Rick thank you very much
what's that is looks like we have a box
for surf and glory your mind all the box
office just going all up in my eyes hi
Gina I somehow managed to miss your
channel has posted a total babe in
Miami's massive loss or thanks I owe me
Wow literally so glad because your
confidence curve I'm sorry how I'm sorry
about how cute and funny you identity
sorry Bella fine
I think I misread that but it's your
handwriting please find enclosed some
products from our cosmetics rain kick
are so I'm gonna instantly touch pressed
powder hocus pocus visual illuminator
highlights and sculpt cheese stick
instance affecting powerprimer sexy
mouth
pucker brow fiber gel brow tint and
precision shaping pencil and finally
another highlight of Skopje stick well
that is exciting guys I'm going to put
it all in the box and take a pretty
picture for my Instagram later thank you
next we've got this black miserable
looking package what does that say
anybody anybody want to get rule with
kind of English Oh
Sana's inga that's like a KFC do like a
cinder twister I think of your good
health
I haven't been healthier I was 21 21
year old you can find one and this
people I have said shout freedom hope
you enjoy it love fellas Inga let's have
a toast and son of Inga oh that's quite
nice that what we have to try to all
that is quite nice and it said thanks uh
nothing yes I will send you as Inga
twister in the post but back in business
right so we've got this oh it's the body
shop no no we won't have it like idiot
use liquid peel exfoliant that looks
exciting to me that does with ringtone
ear odor perform thank you body shop
what is off again well they just don't
stop
oh it's then you stuff drops of light
pure healthy brightening ice cream
I need where their body shop precision
on massager I'm guessing you put some
kind of gel on him the eye cream on here
and massage you are not an American for
anything audience okay cool and
refreshing just massage your aglow I'm
going to have a look online okay guys
now we've got this little bit over here
dearest Anna your mama rocks and I know
you do too love lots of love from Tabor
PS was dug in using your LMS table
they've made hello little to speak Thai
grant
test me if the grammar Tigers had please
type of belt Pai bah - please look at
this mini one Bahama guys how beautiful
is that strange-looking package I'm
going to get at the candle sandal with a
personalized henna design and my name of
it hilarious I think you just can go
handcrafted by me
meb's dot mending sup to Instagram
you're honestly amazing and I love
watching your videos all that is so
sweet because I'm literally the only way
this videos made by you guys sending me
stop so who kind of got you guys to
thank for that
and we have this package over here from
Nadia Selim flimsy vintage-looking well
I use these books for reflection on if
they benefit you guys to from your
brawny sister instead enjoy your gift
oh hey we've got daily wisdom selections
from the Holy Quran it gives you a line
that tells you where in the Quran eyes
from this one is Islamic prayers and
supplications oh and they've got them in
English and Arabic but it's handy as
hell I'm not gonna lie that does kind of
open its it can do it pencil box for
makeup eyebrows let's open it up
look at this makeup out how cute makeup
forever Mike refinishing pressed powder
three of them and then a loose powder
and let's see what indie makeup bag
which I'm loving always to hold it if
the makeup forever Jessie J and then
basic guide you've got loads of awesome
acrylic
whoa so we got making loads of make a
prevalent pace thanks for you much
makeup forever
oh hey guys I was new finally cause of
an enemy handbook thanks for being an in
spiral of size would be an inspiring
figure persistence even the best of us
need reminders to refresh our heart we
hope knack can revive your heart what
snack oh but then light in perspective
but must be quite cool but he has a book
and I didn't even know because I do
watch new malecon so I feel bad that I
didn't know that look out but that's a
book out says thank you I am gonna read
it fun as hell package guys who love it
but Everdeen and food Instagram happy
mail I just thought I'd send you this
little package of a precondition unlike
a lot of what you open on camera I have
made none of these items even if I am
Lana crafty nor do I sell them your
videos are wonderful to watch and I want
to congratulate you on your epic success
I'm a Muslim Rivas and I love to watch
you do your thing and ultimately not
give a and be yourself for what I
have seen of the little one she's
adorable Congrats lots of love and
respect kit oh my god Stella train into
December
Oh pity part that's cool right and then
a car a crinkle one that's lovely thank
you so much kick if I read that
correctly that's really really kind of
you that is everything that came in the
power thankful words everybody who sent
me anything that's in here I would be
Amish
we do have you're going to keep
whoa what is it what what what is this
nothing is really not you but the bottom
of my heart I can't thank you enough
I think a little cracker fit it is a
nice one
