hi guys the same video idea is praying
to the gods I don't ruin have a because
basically I'm about to beat it but I
don't have to like make it please like
am I able to make yeah a dry sweeping my
maker face she just did a head on over
to her channel I leave the link in
description and all I'm doing and now I
will give us new ideas gorgeous face she
just had her eyes outside so like yeah
and then might be related to Tyler crazy
he doesn't crazies a little bit okay
okay they're into some quad record at
you yeah why do I guys we using a key as
makeup okay so because she's got a G's
on a lot I'm links of the goodies or
makeup or swing but you use mine on my
face there's any set so I'm going into
the connected skin color corrector under
highs see you have it using adults and
bright flashes I have like tiny teeny
and ashes - has really gotten with isn't
it I look like feel free to pull that
heading home ago I ruined my rushes from
money space lashes like I live in their
little one no like I have no lashes
oh yeah hey so that's why I did that
don't worry is that they all came out
yeah like with them
yeah yeah and I have my cooling problems
Oh week you know do you yeah I like I
like to mess with them and so I am I
don't know if you do this to business
twiddle you like a riddle it pull it
into the glue comes off on do it yeah
even in like your singing is really bad
so we're actually I know I got God and
own it so I'm actually going to put a
little bit of that on your lid boo books
maybe to Dallas booty book
guys actually love to change yourself
arrested okay man I'm really lightly
clinched the micro bleeding prices she's
like you can't go to the gym for a week
and I like why why to quit you're not
supposed to get them wet I can't wash my
face I can't put my face in the shower
okay I mean no water so you call with
your net asleep
yeah along too late you know what guys
if you want some more information on the
motivating what Ashley's video that you
upload a young son quite it and this is
utter failure Beverly Hills foundational
refuse I'm going to go in with that now
first I do realizing other than to see
that this is totally what you'll come up
just lien so having to get on with
videos we should have done them accent
no you in my accent me and yours oh yeah
oh this is not even blendy how do you
wear a fuck it's like over Tigers but it
is not doing well I make it work somehow
I'm sure you do it and he'll know I mean
like I mean I know but I feel like a
week at blend survived no idea yeah it's
quite volatile yeah can I mix it when
your concealer my one Oh My yes we don't
all know that I do smells I do it
therapeutic gentle okay
good emotion talking I'm going to be so
annoying
sorry about my ass here and so
particularly you look oh my I took a
flower get your number one job last year
Parenti Rick special 24 seven minute
relation grenades on well have you been
it's very fun no not harm is that French
without anything like Renaissance and
you doing the facial invalidation or you
just American American them assuming
sun's rays for interesting but American
just clear everything in their own and
it's actually not dead so yes I do know
man okay Britain yeah talk about
politics there is no if you think that
that you don't like I don't put a lot of
politics on my stuff because I just
don't want you not that I'm not
participating and participating I just
don't think that I need to have it out
there video I say I like it to be a
personal thing
I don't do a lot of politics because I
don't know much about politics
yeah so after you notice concealer
mmm-hmm definitely am I correct near
darker than your foundation Joe did you
do not open know that yeah I know I
didn't I feel like getting my makeup
done by Dean and being reprimanded half
the time oh my soul right choices makeup
Alex always I was a sorry father
sorry I'm sorry I love your excess only
yeah
like pops a cyclist outfit sponsored see
something never happened kind of excited
okay so I'm doing your concealer right
now and in it totally 9-mil come on fish
that's so pretty
what that's really creepy oh do you
think I can zoom in them yeah well they
get a little a no I mean you don't look
like yourself I did your makeup anyways
know that scratchy chin love stories how
do you having more that immediately the
middle yeah well that's the thing I used
to love getting falsies on my nails and
but then I have had and I couldn't have
any I can't even have my nails long
right yeah but now she's bigger she
could say and jab to the only life is
not like sensitive she's not liking this
okay what do I have to be you know like
she's one of them like oh what children
what kind of a look okay did your babe
guys this is a she is powder it's a mess
so you obviously love it yes yes I don't
actually use everyday its body shop yeah
it's lush okay I think those not the
same thing okay I apply any other many
I'm going well thinking I actually never
used any makeup a lot it's really good
stuff
they might I have and they have I'll
eyebrow crayon but it's only an ox
whiskey so really now only a tester but
they have lush in CODIS with makeup in
it that you don't have to do that right
I'm going to go in with modern relation
panic because up here hand grenades and
all them Instagram Browns Instagram
brand
I'm sorry baby knows it was an Instagram
run yeah well I mean we did blew up on a
sperm announcement grand breath oh I'm
going to go with this really already
same raw Sienna says your eyes darling I
may find this easy okay I've never done
a ones makeup like every probably but
I'm done like
did you just put that under my eyebrow
you know they're both looking after guys
sick of seein my everyday shit already
every day of a do I get extra points for
doing everything like and not making you
asleep except I'm not gonna make me go
to class okay no no I'll stay during
exit point because Nancy's like how
Triple A is and how far though because
be real your light was better because
you went first so actually went smoother
you excellent
actually you had an alien function shut
up okay listen this is your what second
third fourth I'm going to London I know
that and if you just doesn't send anyone
to me I get all my content and tackle
and then I can view so you'll let me
good with yes I just like it I'll prep
on my friend on actually shit being
ahead oh I can schedule things to take
mine really loser a member head I'm
always just behind yep and then that's
why could literally impersonating an
agent much I get me a table time YouTube
that's good but not as consistent as I
should be I have for everyone name and
like I check every Monday when I see I
tried to change myself you know what I'm
going to upload Monday Wednesday Friday
or something
holy shit oh just read it three times a
week no no I tried it I try to select
how about agile but I couldn't stick to
it when I don't have kids
possible yeah it's just like for known
little people I think don't realise as
well that I noticed you YouTube to like
logging stuff yeah yeah okay stop saying
they marry hide well other than being
loved but take some more time than
actual YouTube sometimes yeah and I
think those people are no YouTube as
well everything so I would again kind of
content not just like worry I'm not just
YouTube exactly exactly exactly like
where would I wear this look what
anywhere what is the thought promises go
out wait I got it
where you going sis we did ask take
photos I say great content
I do taking like purchase for you
no planet okay
we took for advocacy if anyone's paying
you for these photos but it's not okay
no you have to sit with a bride by
design you should take pictures because
using it later compliments because the
lips that knows you would ever see
muscles and I'm going to be doing
eyeliner either that's good but it's
going to be drama that's why I comment
say that a nickname
Travis so how's it feeling now a mother
of shit compared to being a mother of
one yeah don't do it okay yeah go do it
yet yeah we wait six goodness I don't
know I wanted I wanted to be practicing
like at the same time that like like an
adage now I want that my second piece
was together because I thought yeah oh
then we can be friends
yeah it would be good yeah that's what
I'm thinking yeah but then you don't
really think ahead cuz then you're
pregnant also taken care of is another
young and full of energy thing and you
just exhausted
yeah I don't know what I was thinking
okay how does going to be to in life you
know at the end of the year basically
and if I wouldn't have a friend I go get
pregnant now so that I feel like the
two-year-old the two-year age gap is
good for kids with yes I like to go away
eventually sibling thing well I mean
it's like you're lucky you cuz today and
your makeup and you're looking fine so
maybe I should be part of like I could
to see like a big part of the fact that
you can ask your kitchen now some people
think I'm pregnant
really yeah why yeah because what
because I've been wearing a lot of body
talk to me for me and so I'll be angry
waited a long time didn't you before you
message that you send me home and
everything it you're the queen oh yeah
yeah I wait ages because I'm very
paranoid
well I'm currently when it comes to like
things like that but when I'm am I'm not
paranoid about yeah I mean basically I'm
finally about like spacious kitchen yeah
so that's why wait agent
a little and I love the class I was
telling you are like you like a girl you
know going to certain ages
yeah well welcome she mentioned earlier
in this first segment after the first
place I told after mama not chill mama
yeah and I feel like nobody did it we
were actually like what's happy friends
yeah everybody just thinks we're enemies
yes because we because we copy each
other and we with with the fake people
yes all that kind of thing all those
things because we look so alike yeah I
don't think you I don't think you look
like
I think ready when we smile cuz we have
cherry yeah she's mainly nice a nice is
over I knew I know in Brandon my infant
controller and a husband so you see if
Leo might say if you don't do anything
wrong
I'm not doing anything what my mom but
you might learn what can you know when
you say can see what my nas one yeah you
sure do I know don't do that don't do
that don't do it yeah well you need like
a guy no oh she doesn't just a
profession professional enjoy goodbye
little one no we're not alike okay blow
it soft you yeah yeah how do you find
you know the Brits compared to the
Americans in terms of not just
personality but for example yeah well
yeah it's not feel like look like the
way I do it is a bit different so in
Egypt is look yeah I did like a lot more
dry than I am please yeah like yellow
case that the meeting be but this is
when they realize that we were very
different
I know I'm sorry disregard any injury
I'm like a puppy okay I'm like wow and
then somebody comes this Edina Andy is
like cool is it's freaking cucumber
inside you're like yeah I'm like yes
yeah good like exact yeah yeah okay cool
exact runs like this is good grab
then somebody comes up to her and she's
like Tina can you take a picture she
tried to hand her her phone and sadita
literally looks at the pose and you like
no I see that and in the thing I'm like
you kind of necklace she's like yeah
like they know could you tell I was
defiantly sure yes cool yeah but I can
you can
why do you have time on this one yeah
yeah I felt like other meeting Greece
because because I think I can see
actually guys before the meet and greet
on the Wednesday or something and of my
own you know she just like she is and
then at the meeting we I was like okay
away so this is where we differ a little
bit yeah I feel like yeah basically you
said it your dog and Remy almost a
little bit clinic by Mike I like to say
a little bit I don't like complex
cultures as well no I felt like
compliment really when people come up to
me and they're like I love doing it and
I start crying one really where I did it
she's not calling yeah I don't do roses
oh my god I stop and I don't be serious
but they'll be complimenting me to see
something in the leg talk about like
following me or whatever whatever is and
I stop them from talking because I can't
hear it so how do you change the subject
I know I literally say excuse me sorry
to need to stop complimenting with
depend on you well with it are you need
yeah I know I I don't receiver dishes I
really don't know it's not being rude
yeah everything anybody would say and
then what somebody was like well you
don't have to be fake humble and I was
like I'm not a humble yeah I don't know
like and I was like I'm really not
faking it and just really makes me
really uncomfortable
well what I do to divert the attention
on me cuz believe or not I also find
that possible getting comfortable yeah
yeah really don't know I really think
like I got a wife you know a good idea
to over goddess in surgeon say where did
you get it
mommy oh I was amazing
we think unit is it now either over life
ellipses they're not these but they like
full I want sometimes what collagen in
good
you wanna go pee then you just told me
not to get myself well I mean I get all
what - but I want to yeah I really am if
I'd be something I really really really
struggling with - yes and not do the
eyes come on it I know what a message I
don't want to regret but I do a second
Botox yeah anything but I was going to
wait actually for that
no but I want to doctor a plastic
surgeon le little mini target early to
prevent in the other would be worse in
their favorite I guess come early
give us your money you know when you may
look Carla I do like really jeweler in
late again I just I do what anything
okay little bit yeah I guess I can't not
care unlike missed part of my eye all
the time
yeah eg was so annoying I did that oh so
for the main greet by the way I got up
at 11:36 if I meet agree with 12 I did
my makeup in an uber in nine minutes
you didn't turn up at 9 minutes I didn't
even know that I'm yummy
oh when I cook I said not with that no
because I don't we are walking up is to
meet really do I look okay and she like
you want to stop and like no baby what I
look like shit and it was like she was
like walking so close it's like stop now
going over there anyway so I know what
be even later know what amazing okay
keep going
and then she was like what Sony was like
like fix yourself and I was like no I
actually don't give a shit she goes yes
you do and I was like so I genuinely do
not give a shit about delicious good
guys what is the nice stuff this is the
Beca one I have an entire cool palette
I'm really not into this nothing but
this is really nice I like them yeah
because it's like its skin color one
yeah so like a gladdie
what the news light was in it which is
most
doesn't distribute it keeping good day
young avoided ages I'm sorry
that's awful right now for the mascara I
mean a little bit is good white we have
realized this much but my other
community these guys this is obvious
finish nut one stage I love it
no I liked it best to make it fall thank
you to yourself I mean there was like I
chose down to hear it yeah yeah and then
this was real cold distill it's all
business up to no do nothing
so is this Honolulu your mouth oh my god
I have our line or get in a vial so much
better in fiction ideas video committed
yeah we do
given the example midfielder say I love
this is normal ready can you told me
this Judy but Nina I must do some
looking for oh yeah in America come on I
got it
so guys really have to enjoyed that
video head on over to our channel to
watch reading my makeup and certainly at
the art place right now I find her so
good about that unlovely now will note
you should efficacy no you messed up the
video it's not really a genuine video
then guys with Logan
nothing is genuine okay it's on the
fucking news yeah so it's 15 ever ended
up
