morning guys today is day 2 of London
 week but before I go there
it is me and apneas meet and greet at 12
o'clock and it's currently twenty two
twelve stead of dropping me there
basically should be quite exciting
because well one of you guys would have
mafia unless you've seen her where she
lives which is incorrect so she's going
to be there to me in green see you guys
well I probably would have already met
one of you guys then after that I'm
going to learn the most fashion week to
what the rest of our shows today and
also finish off looking around all the
booths I think all supposed to come with
me to London one fashioning today
wayside is not to like now I'm going to
go get some work done I'm like so
basically come here just to chewing gum
and talking smack and you look and
there's so many so we can do tonight
there but you might come later right you
might you said you mind maybe but you
said maybe
I feel just what's up just messin me and
said still home not baby at all no I
haven't a feet and melt there might be
15 20 minutes late
why am I going to walk this isn't even
my over guys so we think we do a popular
girl for like nice to meet somebody but
I think is somewhere over there I
believe in another group yeah anyway say
bye guys
ah we've come by walls just easy it's
mine I'm finally me right to that yeah
hi oh it's a while we might be having
tea super Mimi I know fine now we're
together are they appear separately yet
but like this is a question anyway hi
guys yeah we are on the way to learn the
most Fashion Week we're a little bit
late guys look who's next me it's a lacy
yeah
an ecstasy of Xena hi Gina hi Xena was
in the film a video by the way guys are
you going to keep going so famous uma we
just like the list of my few recipes I
there's my hardest and hunts hi thanks
for the lift
do you have a ring sick let me get there
safely all right
what guys
this plant cool it lab basically we can
make it a lipstick and I've been trying
to get this bloody sand all flippin days
and I've managed to get here at closing
time
yes well that's the plan can have fun
there's no point doing it unless you're
going to go wild you know making your
lipstick just go white poppy watch it
should be quite a lot big
what is it's gonna now okay no oh no yes
okay welcome dunya for like what I think
I am feels like we're leaning okay and
the next day okay Sonny bomb yeah
this one which is like a ready Brown
yeah there's my half actually
I think it's my size is the currently
birthday party
one
let's get it too much but soon I'm going
for those writing down like comments or
in it so they can actually be a lipstick
don't you understand
here 7 min lemon gained Judea lavender
orange lavender lavender will be nice
yes that will remind your macaron guys
it's going to add a lavender scent to
the lippy
doing everything you want a partner from
the oxygen one of the p.m. and my music
step oh bloody hell
I thought you two bicker yeah let me
understand in my questions of minutes
amazing oh and then that's what you put
in oh so cool guys Kamath your chemist
funny chemist cool so that it makes any
difference
so lipstick formula is here to know okay
guys is what classify we need to mix it
testing it guys there's the wet one and
it's exactly the same to me I am a
little exactly like the color we made so
the surfing not good with the Missouri
should go in here and perfect in the
lavender setting guy where dude look
first a good stuff you can be of
lavender when it's love so nice
hello there you go it's ready
taking out the moles or putting in
lipstick Potsie
yay
look at that look at that guy's that is
my own custom looking this
- give it to me always guys my batteries
are this another one is that lipstick
thanks guys for Instagram but yes most
the lip love one
in Judaism doesn't get something om
split luck little art and Olympian if
you can in the highlight of the booth
experience for me really enjoyed making
my lipstick thanks guys
till next time
