this London models actually say my doors
are just opening and there's muscle suit
everyone's going to go in and enjoy this
house hopefully I've just come barely so
I can do something to use and then will
have loads of fun guys in suspense cute
little table thing I thought I'd fill me
a baby guide for it as we busy a thought
shame out of it like I switched to a
case for in a regular scarf on my head
got choked Aman
I'm not be too loud in case of film and
I've got distracted
which invented a bit of layering
you've got bit of them pleated shine
with much I'm loving them I just bring
the God and he'll be next well I mean in
my videos probably like 10 years or even
up near me yeah where we are we're
watching in idiot oh yeah you know what
to clarify by the way again look shall
go Confucius
okay guys just wonderful now photo and
to my right is the water lilies they're
create with the bright red lip makeup
it's lovely thank you thank you
completion is very good really very much
listen you guys have more so I've met
maybe oh and then of course you have to
the left left
we have Ravi SD because I met once
before and I was freaking out but I
didn't I think I officer so I look cool
by the way and that tomorrow I've met
after you trying yeah still my
foundation come off my chin what is that
we need to do suffering again yeah we
need to do your client bolduan titles
won in it yes I'm quoting do -
relationship investor collaboration
funny to think about something on my
channel with the clear so if you guys
have any suggestion mentally or videos
that you want to ask you to do together
yeah then maybe you can help me out by I
may be successful idea because because
yet happy makeup it somewhere that would
be typical
so we're just having a little break and
I'm just having a cocktail and in the
motel company and a story flavor and
basically I wish I got the other flavor
it can be arranged if she's a bit nice
you're really lovely however I'm not big
fan of probably so like there's a good
model where five liquids in the gallery
and look at these paintings I didn't
catch your name
asi wi q a this is the artists of all of
this work guys
the one thing that caught my eye is that
one on the end which is like the wedding
Davis kindest love this one I think it's
so amazing
oh my love I'm sorry so nice I don't
tell anyone but this is the nicest gift
of God today with Lena's brand and they
make really cool Ave and hello the first
lady and this is a minor to assistance
hiker and Lena mr. nice oh how come it's
just convenience and your name is minute
I'm the man she's the big boss really
miss is the name they're just so funky
guys so you think okay no guys look at
this one with the sleeves and the
ruffles on the front that's wonderful
oh my god that is so cool yeah sit on
the safety pins on it so fun P I even
let this one which is weighted like a
tape measure around all the edges this
one is so versatile I could totally wear
that this is perfect yeah love it it is
really cool way back Iran from Luna
centos how you like I can do now what's
your band name
more event this is I think it's really
beautiful guys because I've got loads of
cards I don't have any other people for
occasion with and then here's another
one another example which is like 2-tone
so this is actually beautiful look at
that guys wonderful I really need to
like try different things so this is
quite exciting to me let me hit by gas
because I've a and she's got these new I
bays which are so cool like for the
younger girl so the focus has got like
coverage and freedom on them and then
there's this one making a DAB cup of
chai and just chill so cool what my idea
basically I just got home like an hour
ago
what's the time what time I get inside
like 11 or something and oh my god I'm
just absolutely not good I just found a
whole pizza to myself I've got all these
bags here of like loser freebies which
is so exciting
oh there's one thing I really want to
show you guys this coat finger on the
back it says thank you okay so that is
day 1 of London was Fashion Week's done
I would say been pretty successful it
was jam-packed like full house I filmed
some of the collections for the vlog and
not all of them though I actually missed
the final fashion show which I'm really
annoyed about apparently was amazing and
I felt like that was actually really
missing felt like it in terms of like
the designers a little bit hard fast for
some of them some of them were really
good but some of them are really
half-assed and I'm just thinking like
the first modest Fashion Week and you've
got this platform it's at the Sacchi
like why would you not just pull out all
the stops and make it amazing for your
own brand but I know that there are some
exciting brands showcasing tomorrow one
of them being Zara who actually is
somebody from Cardiff who was quite
young when I met her and she's now
graduated in fashion and releasing her
first collection and I'm really excited
to see that because I think that's going
to be really different and more of a
collection because this is the thing
right if you like a lot of the brands
that were there in the booths and stuff
and you're looking at all the pieces
they're really really interesting pieces
and like that didn't necessarily reflect
on the catwalk I don't know if it's up
to do with filing which really really
got on my nerves could you get me or my
being too critical I don't think I am I
think a lot of us are quite sick of like
Muslim designers not actually putting
out the bar
when especially when you've finally been
given this platform to really impress
when you attend London Fashion Week and
you have a look at with you know the
pieces and sauces there's a story behind
it as an actual collection for example
designer like Robbie Ozzy when she
releases the collection is a proper
collection you can see the story behind
it you can see how the pieces relate you
know if spring summer autumn winter
whatever you know you feel that it's
been designed you know you get me you
guys understand what I'm talking about
don't you so anyway we'll see what
tomorrow brings and certainly will be
really really fabulous also tomorrow is
my little meet-and-greet with ASEA
mainly for a skier because she's come to
London a few times but never done any
English here and it makes sense that she
does one I don't know other bloggers
Claire I find it very intimidating who
sting meet and greets and things like
that when you're by yourself there's
always a lot easier to do it for someone
so I was kind of bit going to be there
like supporting her because she's in my
hands in it so yes see you tomorrow guys
bye
