hi guys that's way too dad Brennan I am
back with my fifth and final pallet
review for the Harvey Nichols Holy Grail
campaign hashtag H n Holy Grail
this week's eyeshadow palette is one
from Charlotte Tilbury and I'm actually
really excited because I've never tried
anything from Charlotte Tilbury so as
usual if you want to see the reviews
from last week in the week before and
then pull in the week before that then
just head on over to Harvey Nichols calm
for such beauty click on my little face
and have a look at all the pallets I've
reviewed so far and you can check out
what all the other bloggers have been
reviewing this week as well anyway
here's the palette guys this is
Charlotte Tilbury kind of signature
packaging so the palette is consisting
of four colors first one is called prime
operettas the second one is in hearts
rehearses fourth one is pops fume is
third one is smoke sue lignans I have a
feeling that's like English and then
another language so forgive me for that
this palette comes in loads of different
color combinations I picked up the
vintage vamp here's the palette guys
very nice packaging really feeling it
guys if you ever have a look at these
Charlotte Tilbury stands in some of the
stores and that they are really really
on it when it comes to like their
displays and stuff they're just really
really funky just opened it up it's a
very small very compact Square loving
the look of it so there's four colors
shade number one which is over here it's
called prime then we have number two
which is called enhance then we have
number three which is called smoke
that's very Goldie glittery one and this
one over here is called pop really you
think that that maybe I've got those
wrong but if I'm going by where the
labels placed behind each one and then
this one's called smoke then the really
glittery ones called smoke and the dark
one called pop you'd think that they'd
be the other way around so they probably
are and I'm just reading that on but
anyway so guys this polished 39 pounds
so basically 40 quid okay this one in
the bottom corner I just bring a little
closer it's very
very very glittery like it looks like
actual pieces in there
Oh glitter that's what it looks like it
looks very exciting actually this little
tuft of hair like Tufts like this and
the one on top over here is a lighter
kind of pinky shimmer and these two over
here seem like they have a tiny tiny
little bit of shimmer in them but
nowhere near as much as the other two as
usual I am going to bring you guys in a
bit closer and see what we can come up
with with this look hello how's it going
so I picked up a fluffy brush and I'm
going to go in with this shade over here
which is the lighter out of the two dark
one and I'm going to use that to put it
in my crease in the crease and wherever
else ends up ooh hello guys this look is
going to be exciting it's going to be
very very gold vibes I feel like but I
have to bear in mind that I actually
have to go out after this so hopefully
it's not going to be do well well the
pigment on that was fabulous very easy
to blend so far let's go into the other
so guys that must be a little bit sad
that my eyeshadow reviews are coming to
an end because like I said earlier this
is my final one and then my next video
on these is going to be rounding them
all up and deciding which one is going
to be the Holy Grail so I really want
you guys to have a look at my previous
four looks and previous four pallets and
decide for yourselves as well which one
you think should be the Holy Grail and
maybe we can have a bit of conversation
in the comments about it and decide I
don't like to guess up you then I'm
going to bring a little bit of that just
underneath as well as usual oh this I
think very nice ready ground this is
guys very very nice shade actually
please excuse my lashes and the state
that they're in because I've had these
in for quite a while now and normally
I'll
i redo them or lien them up a bit by
adding a few more here and there taking
out the ones I'm looking bitch
struggling but I just haven't had any
time so sorry about that ladies there we
go
hi I'm just going to take another clean
fluffy brush and just blend it out more
so that those at that harsh line now
guys I'm going to take this tiny little
fan brush that I have and take that
really light pink shimmery one and just
bring it under my brows the highlights
lightly Oh
strong belly put on anywhere but is
quite shimmery I'm gonna put that in my
inner corners as well just with my pinky
fingers Oh
oh yes I like that I'm really really
loving how compact some of these pallets
I've been reviewing all guys because it
just means I can pop it into my bag and
let you top up every now and then or
just do on do my eyeshadow like on the
way to wherever I'm going rather than
having like a whole big kerfuffle you
know what I mean you know what I'm
actually going to take that shimmer and
put it all over my lids as well you know
why not just do it did you see that oh
my gosh
okay originally I thought I'm just gonna
put it on my lid and then have it as a
base but whoa that's quite wonderful I
think nobody can deny guys it's really
foil II I feel like it's got a very rare
it's very foil II this eyeshadow and
that's not even the one that looks oily
that's the one on top of this so imagine
what that one's gonna look like it's
beautiful isn't it Wow look at my finger
I'm shiny and beautiful guys this tiny
little brush purely because I haven't
got any other ones and I'm going to take
the darkest shade and just put that
along my lower lash line almost inside
as well my waterline like an eyeliner
no fallout so far with anything can I
just say look underneath my eye
absolutely nothing that is gorgeous look
at that it's like I've got a maroon
eyeliner inside well love it
I've never done eyeliner this color
before in my waterline ever and I am
loving it
because it's still very very dark but
it's very ready this brush and I'm going
to get the dark shade and put it on the
outside and just darken it up just smoke
out the corners there a bit on top of
that really shiny for you pink every
week I think I'm not going to like
another eye shadow more than the last
until I start on the next one and I'm
like oh my god
oh my god this color combo why don't I
ever do Reds and Maroons more they look
amazing
Sid have you are you seeing this sit and
every week I'm like oh I think I'll do
an eyeliner with it and then I never
need to like why would I need to do a
wing with this I don't need a wing with
it it just looks so much nicer without a
wing I think that is so beautiful this
is like turning into a really really
glam look I'm not going to be able to go
out like this afterwards because I'm not
going anywhere special well that's not
doesn't go out like this because
whatever
okay guys not to test out the final
color I'm going to take this flat brush
I'm going to just take the really really
fully kind of gold shade pack it onto
the brush and then pack it onto my lid
and see how that turns out there it is
on the brush oh my god Wow
I don't know if you can see that on
camera but I can definitely see that in
my mirror I'm very excited by this okay
okay I'm telling a wedding soon this
might have to be look for that quite a
lot of fall out as you can see on my
lashes there I should try it with a damp
brush but look at that look at that on
the lids guys actually beautiful I'm
just kind of diffusing it out into the
ends there as well there's the fall now
look at that gold
let me just blend out everything else
one last time let's add a lip okay guys
this is the finished look let's just do
a bit of Posey Posey on those eyes
this palette is 39 pound guys it is
expensive because remember you are only
getting four colors however it does come
in loads of different color combinations
for example I do actually have another
one and this one's called Dolls Evita
and this is the color combo for it so
overall I've really enjoyed that foil II
kind of almost wet looking texture of
these two shadows on the end there and
these two here especially this top one
and makes a great alternative to like a
brownie shade that you would normally go
for in the crease it's more it's a
gorgeous kind of brownie read which i
think is such a nice change a subtle
change but it totally gives you a
different look to when you're using just
like brown tones oh hold on a minute
looking at my face now there's loads of
fallout on my nose I hadn't noticed
before let me just clean that up they've
kind of sunken into my nose now looking
like looking like freckles because I
left it too long oh well but overall for
now isn't that much at all I just
literally just notice that bit at the
end there I'm not sure if I just I'm
really in love with the colors more than
the actual quality of the palette but
having said that they did blend really
well and the pigment is crazy as you can
see I went a bit crazy with this eye and
that one actually I'm not sure how
everyday it is and if you were to go
every day with this palette I would
probably just use the top too that would
be that would probably create quite a
nice and toned down look it's the only
palette where we've seen that kind of
texture of eyeshadow you know what the
the vibes of this palette is like party
vibes party and like holiday evening mad
the glam vibes that provides I'm getting
from this palette so it's not something
that you probably use all the time but
when you do use it you will really go in
and use it if that makes any sense it
does stay on the back you know it's a
luxury palette guys so I do feel like
you are getting luxury the packaging
possibly could be a bit more luxe Orion
luxe all yet look
sorry that's it laureate lookbook let's
be honest it could be a bit more
especially like the outside cardboard
one that comes in originally get this
palette in about ten different color
combinations so there you have it guys
my job now over the next few days is to
think back to all the palettes that I've
reviewed all five of them think
carefully about which one is going to be
my Holy Grail palette I think it's going
to be quite hard to decide actually in
the beginning I for is going to be so
easy to pick for it's actually going to
be quite hard to decide join me on my
next video where I will reveal my Holy
Grail palette in the meantime you guys
decide below in the comments let me know
which palette you think should be the
Holy Grail thanks for watching guys till
next time bye
