hi guys I am back with another video
part 4 on my Harvey Nichols Holy Grail
campaign and this week I am reviewing a
shadow palette from Giorgio Armani
actually took it out the box which I
should have done normally I do that for
you guys on camera but I will take you
today anyway here it is this is the box
so it said on their Giorgio Armani I
used to kill for color eyeshadow palette
shall we open it up yes I believe we
shall guys I'm still ill so sorry about
that here is the packaging playing black
what you call that like it's a circle
but then it's not clear just like caved
in on the sides so it makes this cool
see ya what I don't know my takes right
now Wow the logo is on the front there
this palette is 50 pounds 5-0 pounds so
it is on the pricey side as a luxury
palette let's open it up the mirrors are
all great aren't they oh my god I've got
extras makeup from last night the
palette is four shades so the palette is
in three sections there's the top mirror
the actual palette with the four colors
and underneath you have to brush it
underneath you have two brushes there is
kind of standard brushes that you get in
a lot of planets that no one ever uses
there aren't any specific name it just
has four color eyeshadow palettes so
we've got a shimmery peachy nude and
then we've got a shimmery topi tone
underneath then we've got a nice brown
and then we've got a darker brown so
pretty basic I was having to do
something actually last week's look was
quite creative and experimental right so
this is good because maybe I can do
something more wearable with this planet
wait what do we do in the first week the
first week we did purpley vibe second we
put it we went quite oMG third week we
did a cut crease attempt so fourth week
shall we try a bet tried smoky Brown a
soft brown smoke maybe something that
could work for Valentine's Day because
it's Valentine's Day okay that's what
I'm doing it's Valentine's Day on
Tuesday I'm going to try and create
something Valentine's Day inspired
despite there not being any pink or red
in this but it's fine
Valentine's Day is not
did to please remit okay just a reminder
guys if you want to check out my
previous I shadow reviews for the Harvey
Nichols Holy Grail campaign then head on
over to Harvey Nichols calm for a beauty
you can click on my little face and my
profile will come up and you can see all
my reviews so far and keep updated there
also check out what the other bloggers
are reviewing their makeup brushes there
is mascara and I can't remember the rest
but you can check it out online first
things first
I'm actually going to go in with what
seems like the most obvious one I think
and that would be the third shade down
which is that brown so that mine I'm
just going to do new in as usual go
along I'm going to show you I won
getting the product looking manages
quite a lot colorful they're actually
you see you out there I'm going to pop
that along my crease and just windscreen
wipe it left right what was that right
left just like so a very very good
neutral shades there Michaels blending
looks like I'm done blending I am a bit
skeptical though because it is fifty
pounds there are only four shades I
think I'm actually gonna bring it out
slightly so I'm going to go back on that
one to do as well but see how that kind
of is almost just past my brow even woo
I love the application of this one wow I
love that oh that's hot oh I like that
okay let's go back on the other one
bring that up slightly
yes I like that a lot like to just leave
it like that like I really like it just
like that
well that was really easy to blend I'm
not gonna lie I'm gonna go in with the
same shade just underneath my lashes
quite thick I think
going to bring it right out order to
join that triangular section we created
earlier I actually judged this before
trying it I was just like I know I'm not
gonna enjoy this one but so far with
this one shade I'm liking the
application oh god I went a bit too
heavy there whoopsie
Oh guys it blends really easily like I
went quite heavy they didn't see but
it's actually blended out quite usually
I feel like now I'm going to take this
brush and just go over with the blending
on both eyes up by the eyebrows
everything just so that mine's a lot
softer there we go with the blending I'm
going to start with this kind of angled
brush and I'm going to get some of this
dark one and just swipe it along the top
of my lash line almost like an eyeliner
and I'm just gonna see what happens
depending on the results I might end up
just putting it all over my lid but
let's just do happen well pigment okay
be careful with this collecting and not
too much full-on looking like a brown
eyeliner there like a liquid one almost
oh my gosh okay hold on there's a bit of
fallout with this color but just a bit
oh my gosh guys this pigment is amazing
okay now I'm going to go on the other
end of the brush and just blend it
upwards slightly getting the angled
brush and instead of now doing the wing
motion I'm actually just going to
literally do it along with the last
third of my crease
almost like quite sharp not sharp work
well yeah that's question of fashion so
it's like come out and then go on in a
bit blend that a little bit more okay
absolutely in love with that so far I'm
going to take the same angle brush and
I'm going to just do a sweep right on my
lash line of that really dark shade
almost actually in my waterline if I can
manage yeah I am we'll do that in my
waterline hopefully I don't poke my eye
out while I'm doing it
well I'm going to go ahead and do I just
did bear to this eye if you go for like
classic palettes good quality classic
palettes
I feel like in some cases you would be
better off and so far that's how I'm
feeling with this so remember when I
opened it I was a little bit like okay
it's just like brownie and like whatever
but now I'm using it I'm like okay damn
look well look it's just happening you
know so you're going to try things guys
you got to think about quality it really
is a case of you get what you pay for
it's like what I said in one of my
previous review videos as well when you
have less choice you're more likely to
come up with a successful look every
time you use it because obviously you're
limited to a number of colors so you're
less likely kind of to go off track if
that makes any sense not that there's
anything wrong with going off track but
for me if I want to make something
wearable then I feel like when I don't
have as much choice the outcome is
always a little better
really rumbling on our my I've done this
whole thing with just two colors from
this palette by the way I think that's
pretty amazing and take the top of the
shimmery I'm just gonna put that under
my brow to highlight this picture so
this is slightly
okay that's my shimmer done and I am
just contemplating whether or not to do
an inner corner highlight or whether or
not to put that so toe piece shimmer on
my lid because I don't want to ruin the
look and I really love it as it is I
don't know I've got a good idea
what we will do is add that second
shimmery shade just in that first corner
of my eyelid literally just there
nowhere else and then we've used all of
the colors too so yes chuckling oh my
god mover this cat's got no manners
Gallade I feel like it's almost silvery
when it applies quite silvery actually
one last blendy blendy and then I think
we are done guys that is it for the eye
shadow I'm not going to lie I kind of
wish I didn't go in with the shiny on
the inner corners right let's add some
lip pop it bare you know what actually
I'm going to do guys why not I'm going
to take some of the top shimmer and just
apply some in the middle of my lips
let's just see what happens just for fun
wow that is super that is the final look
not gonna lie I think you all know I'm
flipping love it let's just do some
classic cozy cozy
you
this is totally realistic Valentine's
Day glam don't you think
let's go out date night Valentine's Day
yes there's booked a table at Nando's
let's round up what happened with this
palette in the beginning before trying
it I was like I'm not going to like this
and then I tried it and then I'm like I
really bloody love it I might be going
somewhere super fancy on the weekend so
I'm quite glad that this happened
because I think this is a look I will be
going for yes here's a palette again
have a little look I'm not going to lie
I actually don't like the packaging I
feel like it's very but then again this
could be a positive it's very classic
it's a very kind of like old-school
palette you know when you oh I didn't
even try these and pop I'm not more than
easy it's a very very old school style
palette so I feel like my grandmother
has some palettes or would have had a
lot of palettes that look like this back
in the days you know what I mean but
having said that it's also quite classic
which also means it's timeless and so is
the actual palette itself like I said
earlier quality over quantity sometimes
it's better for you in the long run
like mr. Armani yes just for your
reference this is palette number six
actually comes and loads of different
color options personally I think though
if you're going to pay 50 pounds for the
support palette eyeshadows and you only
wanted to buy what I would go for this
this whole time my flower wasn't even in
the back how annoying is that let's see
what suppose you cozy with the flower
I'm not taking with makeup off I'm not
taking it off today
no no no no no no no my selfies are
gonna be fire remember to check out
Harvey Nichols but compos last Beauty to
see last week's review let me know what
you guys think of this palette if you
guys have tried it before or if you
tried any of the other colors I will see
you on my next video thanks for watching
til next time
Oh
