some roll please ready you ready are you
ready hi guys I'm back with another
video this time it's a bit different
because means it had a huge argument
before it and I cried my eyes out and my
makeups all drying and our local puffy
but it kind of works cuz it looks like I
might get emotional about the
announcement in this video I have just
fully completed something that I've been
working on for the past two years the
last two years of my life have been hell
but like good hell because I've been
working on so I literally no
exaggeration but for the past two years
I have been working on this but right
okay let me just put this out here
basically this copy that we have here is
just a dummy copy so when it actually
comes out it's gonna look even better
than this although it looks pretty
pretty epic already just as the dummy
doesn't is it Riley how great is the
size of it and the hardback nurse of it
is a very luxury looking book I think
it's a very good coffee table looking
book but can I just listen I don't want
to pick myself up too much I took two
years on this book it's a bloody good
read it better be a bloody good read you
know I mean look I've never written a
book before by the way no read before
I'm an author now this is the biggest
achievement of my life what's this what
did you shut well I want to say is that
it's taken two years to write this and
the amounts of stress and fun but also
changes that have happened to this book
because of the changes that I went
through and my kind of just maturity
over the last two years as well so like
imagine starting to write a book but
then growing with it at the same time so
having to go back and then changing
things up cuz hold on a minute actually
I don't think like that anymore you know
I mean so anyway what I'm trying to say
is there's been a lot of blood sweat and
tears put into this book not just from
me but from Sage oh oh thank you from
the guys over at penguin Random House oh
I'm sorry you guys should I show you the
back here's the back of it so you know
where is gold that will be like a foiled
border and foil text and we spent ages
getting the right picture for it oh my
god you have no idea the hell the whole
team went through not not just I'm not
talking about me I'm saying I put them
through hell as well
sorry about that guys but I hope you
guys are excited I don't need to tell
but I'm like feeling a bit nervous to
tell you but also I'm really excited
that we finally got here right sit oh
yes like when we finally made the final
edits and placed all the pictures in the
book just everything it was just like a
WoW we finished okay so why is the book
called modestly basically because that
word pretty much encompassed my whole
career in the last 10 years
approximately it just fit you know what
I mean and by the way so this book is a
lifestyle fashion and beauty book you're
gonna learn a lot about me that maybe
you didn't know and then you're gonna
learn even more about some parts of my
life that you did know about but just
not in that much detail there's gonna be
a lot of advice in the book there's a
lot of fashion in the book of there's a
lot of beauty in the book of there's
also a lot of opinion in this book and
conversation star
I think that are really important it's
basically just me and everything I put
out there but more and with some things
that you have never seen before there's
also pictures in this book that we have
been taking over the last year let's say
and we've kept exclusive for this book
only there's a lot in here that is juicy
and new and exciting and I literally
can't wait for you guys to get your
hands on it it's just six lighting isn't
it it's just bloody exciting isn't it so
what do you guys think of the cover and
the color scheme everything we went so
hard trying to figure this out guys I
wouldn't be able to write a book if I
didn't have you guys so this is a big
achievement for you as well and
congratulations to you guys because you
helped build this huge network of us who
have been underrepresented for so long
sorry I'm just picking confetti other
sort who have been underrepresented for
so long
we're like one big network pretty much
and we've made such a huge impact in
media through social media we we're
slowly starting to become the norm I was
talking to Sid the other day about how
I've been doing this for almost 10 years
and my purpose when I started is has
changed to what my purpose is now
because I feel like I've almost done
what I need to do in this space and this
is kind of just like the icing on the
cake kind of like the end of an era
it's not the end like a shuttle or
karaoke don't worry but in terms of what
my goals were this is kind of like the
icing on the cake and such a big
achievement and like everything I just
wanted to say and I'm really grateful to
you guys the official launch date is
going to be on the 20th of September
2018 but it is available for pre-order
now on Amazon I've thought about what
cities you guys would mostly be in in
the UK and we've kind of put it together
but suggestions are welcome below where
you would like me to come and do like a
book signing slash meet-and-greet there
would just be so nice to literally meet
you guys and connects and hear your
stories and take a little selfie them
sign the books obviously I'm so happy
and I'm
so grateful you know I'm not cheesy I'm
not cheesy person and I don't say thanks
a lot to you guys cuz I just minded said
yeah there but I am very grateful for
you guys and yeah six liked it anyway
guys I'm gonna end it here cuz otherwise
I'll just be rambling for too long I
hope you're as excited as me I hope you
guys loved the book and you can
pre-order it down below
you better believe you're gonna see
loads of Flatley pictures of this bad
boy on my Instagram feed till my next
video
