hi guys today's video is really exciting
I've teamed up with Harvey Nichols for
their holy grail campaign for the next
five weeks yes five weeks
every Monday I'll be uploading a video
testing and reviewing new eyeshadow
palette every single week starting with
today if you want to know more details
about the holy grail campaign then head
over to Harvey Nichols comp or slash
beauty I will leave the link in the
description and you can also click on my
profile where you can see my weekly
updates for each product that I will be
reviewing so without further ado I'm
going to be trying out the Laura Mercier
extreme neutrals eyeshadow palette here
it is I haven't even opened it up guys
Oh in case you haven't noticed I've done
my full face - eyes I've left my eyes
completely bare because we're gonna try
out a look whatever comes into my head
after looking at the palette see how it
turned well pretty much okay so let's
open up okay so don't drop it Deena here
is the palette case it's quite cushiony
at the front there it's got almost like
a it's not really snakeskin but almost
like a snakeskin kind of dotted print on
it there
let's open up shall we lovely big mirror
so here's the palette guys there's a lot
of brown shades a lot of creams and
beiges we've got pork white shimmery
colors so these two at the bottom -
these two on the top if mainly Browns
beiges and then a hint of lavender I see
you there can see the hint of lavender
at the bottom
sorry Hannah's just out here playing
with all of my eyeshadow brushes great
this is a description for the palette
extreme neutrals eye palette an iconic
makeup artists palette designed to smoke
highlight and diffuse to create endless
looks this curated collection of colors
and textures are classic and timeless
with an edge reinvent the smokey nude
with an array of colors ranging from
earth tones to warmer chocolates and
accents of lavender there you go okay
I'm just going to take the packaging off
the mirror nice proper mirror I'm just
gonna read these shades okay so we've
got bone chocolate espresso
we've got earth hot chocolates and we've
got dust and emo Rock and cocoros wind
and violet sugar Jun
and choco Galassi taco glazed glass just
looking at this palette I think I'm
gonna go for like a neutral brownie
smoked outlook with a hint of this
lavender let me just bring you in a
little closer and we'll get started
shall we
okay guys what just happened is Syd
forgot to press the record button so I
have started already on this eye but the
only thing I've done so far is taken
this color which is Jun right on the end
there and started to apply it along my
crease like this so I'm just gonna carry
on doing that now that we're recording
finally throw me under the bus for John
Eugenia yes I shall what a wonderful
color lashes I don't think I'm gonna be
shy you know I'm not gonna be shy I'm
gonna literally just pile on everything
I try the only way to truly test I
believe how wonderful is that tone okay
I feel like at first when you apply it
it could look patchy but then you'd
really just got it go in there with the
blending and then it evens out quite
nicely
okay I'm gonna take the same shade I'm
gonna put quite a thick amount just
underneath my lash line I'm loving how
Matt this is guys just a heads up this
palette is I think 45 pounds that you
are getting 12 colors for that I'm yet
to decide what look I'm actually going
for Vic I'm going to actually make the
most of these lavender accents okay so
that's the June color okay on my lid
guys I feel like I want to start with
the bone shade on the end they're just
almost like as a base on the actual
pallet with this shade there's quite a
lot of fall out around it which is a
little bit annoying but I guess you just
need to be a bit careful with it quite a
handy color that you see how that's kind
of just neaten up my lid there
okay now I feel like getting one of the
really dark brown so I think I start
with that one which i think is called
hot chocolate I'm gonna get hot
chocolate and I'm going to put that
literally along my lash line
nice I don't think I need to go darker
there so I'm going to stick with hot
chocolate I like I like it a lot
so so far we've used only maps colors
now I'm just going to go for the violet
sugar shade which is the darker kind of
lavender over here and I'm just going to
put it on the side on the outer corner
of my lid like this there's a bit of
fallout we see that underneath but I
think I need to use a different brush to
be fair
yep I'm gonna grab a flatter brush and
pack it on the outer corner then I'm
also gonna bring it on the inner corner
there I think see how that looks why not
as you can see bit more fallout
okay that's all I'm gonna do I'm just
gonna clean up all the mess hit the
fluffy brush I'm going to blend out here
as well I need to like triangulate it
more hollow in fact I think I'm just
going to use my pinky finger for this
let's see how it goes on with that yeah
a lot better a lot more intense I think
okay that is more like it guys are then
going to go back with chocolate and I'm
just going to put a really light bit of
that on my crease see how that looks
go back to the bone shade with my middle
finger and just clean up that middle
part so that there's more of an obvious
separation actually I'm gonna grab bone
and just clean up in here as well where
the violet kind of went in by accident
I'm really loving this bone shade very
very bony this just called dust I'm just
gonna put that in the inner corners of
my eye for a bit of a brightening effect
there fact another look I would totally
do with this is go for all the earthy
brownie turns around my eyes and then go
for the lighter lavender shade on the
inner corner I love lavender pinky
highlights on the in corners of my eyes
I love that so I'm gonna go ahead and do
this I exactly same for this and then
we'll see how it looks one last step
we'll take the same dust shade which is
the British every one that we did on the
inner corners and I'm putting it just on
my brow bone and I'm loving it there to
be honest with you but I like it there
more then on my inner corners but that's
fine we can do plenty of different looks
with this palette okay guys this is the
final I shadow look I think I've decided
that I am going to add some lashes with
it I'm not gonna do any eyeliner cuz I
want to just focus on the eyeshadow
itself so I'll be back with some lashes
okay I'm back guys and I've added some
lashes I've put on a tiny little bit of
liquid liner just along the strip of my
lashes to hide the glue and all up let
me zoom out I'll just do the classic
Wow in my pictures you can really really
see the lavender still feel like this I
over here is a lot neater than this I so
I'm just going to try and fix this one
again with that bone shade to make the
lavender pop a bit more all the colors
are fabulous but I feel like this violet
sugar shade but I really wanted to kind
of pop has a lot of Fallout and doesn't
really stay on that well it is a very
very subtle lavender vine it's coming
through you get 12 colors and they're
all totally suitable for every day but
what I'm actually gonna do for you
before I end the video is watch every
single shade just so you can see how it
looks like that and then how it actually
applies on your eyes that is the full
arm of twelve colors what looks like a
gap this is wind and this is bone you
can see wind a bit more there but bone
is pretty much my skin color so you
can't see it this is the violet sugar
one I used on the inner corner and outer
corner so Jun is this one up here which
is the one I use along the crease and
then I used hot chocolate just
underneath my lash line so there you go
guys
and so the really shimmery ones which
are these two on the corner and this one
up here I feel like they apply a lot
better with your finger maybe even a bit
of water on your finger or a damp brush
and then as for the inner corner
highlight perfect love it and I used it
beneath my brows which i think is lovely
I can probably imagine using that as a
highlighter on the face as well so why
not all in all it's a decent palette the
packaging is nice it's nothing way over
the top or anything like that quite
classy the mirror is great I can see
myself going to this palette when I'm
just going for a really natural kind of
earth tone everyday look but what's kind
of nice is if you are traveling and
things like that it's not gonna be a
pain to carry around although you are
getting twelve colors but what I like
about it is that you've got your
everydays in there but then if sometimes
you wanted to change it up a bit and go
for something a bit more spicy let's say
you could literally survive with just
this one palette so I'm excited for next
week's video where I'm going to show you
a whole other palette
feel free to guess what palette that
could be in the comments if you fancy it
also don't forget to check out the
website harvey nichols or compost slash
beauty and you can click on my profile
and stay updated with my
views of my updates so yeah I shall see
you next week thanks for watching til
next time bye
