sign today guys let's get another self
session hey subbu sleep guys you can
never tell on camera but this Hill is so
steep we're pushing Hannah up in the
pram so steep mama's got a good
technique for pushing the pram basically
explain it sign with your back straight
you lift it a little bit slightly
muscles in stomach muscles in lift the
weight slightly with your hands and walk
up there straight and yeah love than
your coughs go
look how far she's going I can do it
that fast whoop clash bought a pair of
funky harem pants for Hannah from this
shop behind me look at the killer Dina
hello bhai Zenith Portuguese custard
tarts just trying on a cork hat think
I'll pass
what you did it's user typed a whole one
like sardine shop eyes this is tinned
eel and I just bought some we literally
just walked in same place yesterday
let's do that Christmas tree we thought
we go somewhere different
oh well hello anyway we just learned how
to say thank you which is all to see I
forgot what is it
I'll put together and your welcome is
banana guard let me for a girl
and gordita
now the Mel says light gordito we need
mean sports I'm Millicent Gordon in
Gordo Gordo Gordo means lack of military
go deeper give us off to have some cod
fish cake I think perilous things have
it with a glass of beer so
awkward I thought you d here with us so
yeah you just gonna play nice Gus might
FYI Judy's not miss them so stop right
there
thank you very much wait it's cute
little gelato sake look at the seating
space-saving and money-saving looks like
- my mom got avocados for why did you
stand up corner in Anna's life Judy got
pistachio how are you finding Lisbon so
far I'm liking it better the more I
sliver me too you know yesterday I
wasn't so sure but this morning I think
is yesterday we were absolutely
knackered but the shade yeah today's
been a lot better finger so bit of work
cabana and bits of mold
Wow
Judy's gone everywhere kn-know is pretty
much sure right little granny travellish
years Hanna's gonna bum shuffle all the
way down to the hotel room by herself
she's tired he looks good no sister died
she really do that Wow got strong kid
much I love macho man guys I bought
macaroons and the old Brook nah
