morning guys win the airport flip lose
here and we're on the way till is there
nobody sled except for how we're going
to look for the perfume section so we
can all array ourselves because
obviously we get a stink during this
flight and all that football got shared
responsibility shared blood sweat and
tears with Hannah remember death
consider not here
we're in Portugal
in the cab we've just checked in this is
our room no bad no bad no bad
and then we've done connecting rooms so
we can just walk in there we have it
guys we'll be all good and relax
especially I made it outside guys quick
scan the wall isn't looking like right
now by the way how nice is that building
where is
guys have been walking around for just
about half an hour and we just notice
that it's a bit quiet for the city like
it feels like there's not many people
around it it's just like if you just
hear around me it's not that busy for a
city so we're just wondering is it like
holiday or something or do they have
like siesta hours because this is not
normal it's quite dead look it's pretty
chilled right now and that is not what
we expected came from behind guys if you
look very closely that is a very fancy
looking cause store yeah Deena's trying
to get up the hill but as you can see
she can't luggage how wonderful my
garden burger has arrived this is beachy
red yeah we finished eating and now
we've suddenly found a really really
busy bit and it looks great this isn't
like nice foodie places even though we
just say I'm actually on the hunt for a
jacket for this flippant reason what is
that we should find out what that is
maybe she just got ice cream I got one
of those flower cone ones but I had a
lick mine got dark chocolate raspberry
and Madagascan balloon
my goals are brownie whitey colors in
the world and these are hana socks guys
I find the coat we got ripped off me
four euros for a poncho with a hood nice
you wish you a Merry Christmas we wish
you a Merry Christmas we wish you a
Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year
guys I'm dead and we're back at the
hotel room we got a mail hello
the walk back home was like so long we
did not realize it's gonna be that long
and I was freezing but we're back in
hotel room I think we're gonna have a
child night and get the Rings I fell
asleep
