way back from Cardiff and I did it again
I didn't vlog I just went and picked up
a package uh which I'll open up for you
guys a bit later maybe so what I wanted
to kind of talk to you guys a little bit
about a few weeks ago I did something
very exciting I was a part of this
year's YouTube rewind for those people
who don't know what you should rewind
this there's a lot of people don't know
what I have you YouTube rewind is
basically the biggest YouTube video ever
and it is done by YouTube themselves and
they basically get loads of YouTube
creators in one fat amazing insane epic
video if you watch last year's one it
was amazing and the info that they're
all amazing right but this is one is
bigger and better than ever and I'm in
it because I'm in it I mean haha
how exciting that's probably the most
exciting thing I've done on this planet
- made for you campaign we did was we
reenacted the work from home music video
by fifth harmony it was so much fun we
filmed in like a deserted building kind
of area I think it was like a deserted a
deserted place it was really cool
because they have like the crazy yeah
that's what it was a deserted flour mill
I think it was an abandoned flour man I
don't know he's just an old building was
so cool it was like being on a movie set
pretty much as a movie set it sorry we
were on a movie set is the best that you
is the movie set and I was acting in it
pretty much just had no script but
whatever we were in like a scene where
we been all gangster getting our work
done but then me and Flo in another
scene where we putting cement as if it
was a mud mask which is so cool I was
like print on my hand really cool
hopefully they used that bit if they
didn't then oh well I didn't make the
cut I suppose but keep an eye out for me
in other scenes of the video where I'm
like walking looking all cool and truck
a style you know I did film just a
couple of scenes when I was there on the
day that we filmed we weren't actually
allowed to tweet about it or Instagram
snapchat weren't allowed to say anything
about it until left the launch date so
you can go ahead and have a look at
those crappy iPhone scenes but still
real exciting right guys we just want
this set for to be wiped crazy
best light ever guys we're ready for the
next scene I'm in a robe prymaat eight
pound size medium if you want to know
there's players in here as well
Spahr de leus with me
I did YouTube rewind let me just open
this up with you guys cuz went up right
this is what I have it's from a company
called snuggle sack and I saw this when
I went to look at nurseries for Hannah
though showed me how they sleep and then
they showed me this and I was like huh
need to buy one of em for Hannah because
basically we travel so much I thought
this would be great for her to have
something that she kind of knows when
she sleeps rather than always changing
beds Hannah leave my camera on loft
mommy's film it all right is it like a
baby sleeping bag but like a soft
pillowy one this is it sleeping bag they
go in there oh it's really nice and
cushiony but you're supposed to I think
have a mattress underneath or you know
when they're in nursery and they have
there's like kind of like yoga mats but
baby one and you put that underneath it
so though so obviously they're not on
the floor Hannah okay yeah yeah you can
have it have that Hey okay yeah this
right here's the head bit and what you
can do is actually insert a little
pillow case in there so that they have a
headdress which is so cool because then
you don't have like a loose pillow that
moves around all the time
Bogey's everywhere I gotta go and wipe
your nose guys I know the plan for the
rest of the evening is take Hannah to
the doctors
I know take hands of doctors then come
home put sleep and edit a video by the
way a lot of you guys have been asking
what kind of cuts we have Chaplin is a
Maine Coon cat and he's massive like
absolutely humongous and Choji who's
over there is a Persian cat there we go
here we go yeah girl yes Hannah started
to stand up all the time now by leaning
on things
the house is absolute tip guys oh here
we go
gonna take all the baby wipes out one by
one fantastic well done are you gonna
put the back in there Hanna
thank you we are gonna have pizza for
dinner since putting Hanna to sleep we
just came back from the doctor's and it
was about a three hour trip
look at this guy he's ruined myself Alan
Hey ruined sofa hey they're taking me oh
you look like when you were a baby like
that I literally have to pull a sir on
my head because I can't go in the room
where my scarves are because well
because he put her to sleep look I look
a mess look what's happened this is the
remains of my lipstick nice um basically
guys were home and me instead of got a
bunch of work to get through again this
has been quite a boring vlog he's been
putting her to sleep for the last half
an hour so I've just tidied the place
quick scan I know technically it's not
very tidy but it is compared to what it
was
trust me on that and you know it
tomorrow is gonna be like another mad
busy day so I just zoom out on the scene
right here literally wearing a pillow
around my head
