morning guys is still morning it's 10 to
12 so technically it's the morning let
me just go to the natural daylight
basically I've got loads of stuff to do
one of those things is packing I need to
pack I'm going to Portugal leaving it
like 5:00 a.m. they took for me and for
Hannah oh she needs a sombrero and I was
wearing a poncho today she looks fab
mashallah guys can we just ignore the
crazy over lining of my lips it's so
messed up oh my god I did it in the dark
oh my god you got to make a meme out of
this somebody make a meme it was wrong
with me what did you do I'm going to fix
this before we go anywhere stuff okay
let's keep the camera back here damn hey
wait wait ayyy ayyy come on I think
we're done with that right then so the
first thing we're doing guys is we're
going to the Dajjal store to pick up
some things I ordered off Amazon I've
used doddle before and it's really handy
for when you're not in Darla doing a all
wrapped up for Christmas campaign and
they asked me yeah girl Dina don't mind
the best for this festive season they
asked me to share with you guys my top
Amazon picks and gifts that I'm going to
pick them up and then I'm gonna show
them all to you and I cannot wait
hopefully you're gonna love it
hopefully I'm gonna love it too haha yes
girl well this hood is unbelievably sick
famine on the way
bang bang Bing bong I'll see in a road
man road man all dem ting that's oh the
doors locked hold on road man chorus
rude man continue found let's go let's
go oh I forgot my baby
this morning's it had to rush out early
because yep take car for service and
this is the car they've given him as a
replacement
it's literally tiny we normally have a
Jeep renegade which isn't like massive
but it's a bigger car right this
literally tiny guys oh my god I don't
know home basically Hanna's highchair is
those ISOFIX ones whatever they called
so he's gotta like
Sakura properly it's not just like cushy
you're thinking season Maibaum though
guys look at my knees they're touching
it's kind of like a marrow I guess it
makes it all worthwhile
if I play see is it scars just fine I
cannot see the window it's great for
filming videos though because we're in
close proximity to each other but we
don't need to get in for a selfie we're
just already make you look lame oh I
personally like I'm on the dashboard and
my bloody bottom of my hand press the
hazard lights that's how closed
everything is madness
well he says a sunroof body makes it all
worth it going ah you trap my finger
guys we're here but you will never guess
what happened on the way and as we turn
in corner this really really really
elderly lady like I mean really ugly
with a walking stick fell into the road
Syd was that close I was an inch away
from inch away from hitting her oh my
god she literally fell and like sprawled
into the road oh my god that was a scary
thing ever but then like six people
rushed over to help gasps oh hey guys
quick reaction I swerved you don't have
standards that close to him literally
that is suicide imagine that imagine if
that wasn't happen and it wouldn't have
even been your fault guys okay you
really really need to be on the ball
when you're driving like don't take
anything
oh now he stalls on a bloody hail we're
at Ealing Broadway shopping centre
because this is where the Dajjal pickup
store is but also there are other shops
there and I'm going on holiday tomorrow
which means I need to pick up a few bits
and bobs try not to wake her up
nor didn't work so guys just came out
with an F gonna find Donnell and it's
right here basically that to get my
packages
guys we're home anyway I've got to show
you I also picked up some makeup that I
use when I'm traveling because it's the
easiest makeup
it's the Max Factor face 50 compact
foundation and the Maybelline instant
anti age eraser in nude those are my
like travel must-haves on holiday
because they're the easiest makeup kind
of things anyway
let's unbox all that Amazon ting lovely
lovely lovely let me get a biscuit oh
yeah never next bag silicon Dudley
Dudley Dudley Dursley dinner Dudley
Dudley Dudley Dudley Duke Duke totally
totally totally totally do one more I'm
gonna start with this over here just so
you know guys darling if actually the
easiest way to collect Amazon items all
you have to do is choose the click and
Collect option at the checkout and
choose your near this dog no I got
myself something from fold oh and by the
way if your Amazon Prime member it's
free to use doddle or is free when you
spend ten pounds or more on books or
when you spend 20 pounds or more on
anything else are you ready are you
ready follow you just get them out
by the way double isn't just for Amazon
as well like I've used it before
shopping on a sauce I think you can also
use it on Schuler Horlicks so there's
loads of stores that you can actually
use doddle with so make sure you check
out what sauce look at these shoes let
me just take Kathy but ding ding out
look at the color if that doesn't go
with this festive season though I don't
know what does darlings remember
everything I'm showing you are my like
top Amazon picks and Christmas gift
everything is quite festive ish or
things that you would use around this
time of year so that's why I picked up
these shoes which are this gorgeous
burgundy kind of plum color oh my god
I'm in love with this color platy
gorgeous honestly guys it's so easy
using doddle when you're out and stuff
and you haven't got all day to wait in
for your posts and that I'm saving the
best package to last trust me you do not
want to miss the final thing that I
ordered it's going to leave you in shock
literal shock I'm also going to give you
some competition details towards the end
so make sure you stay tuned I bought
this really cute flower fountain which
is filtered so it means they'll always
have clean water as well because you
know like whenever they drink their
water there was get bits of their fur in
it and bits off the floor and yes
Christmas for the cats indeed hey go and
then Syd Syd haven't even seen this she
said doesn't even I bought him this but
I bought him a philips effortless even
trim shaver it cuts 50% faster Syd wow
this is amazing oh thank you yeah it's
my pleasure thank you and then this is
something for all of us basically it's a
really really stylish juicer I'm gonna
unbox this for you here you guys are
gonna love it if you're into like
interior stuff it looks like something
out of a movie an alien movie
Bradburn basically what you do it's just
a simple vine but for example let's say
you have a glass auntie this is my cup
of tea you put it underneath and then
like you just juice whatever fruit you
want over this so if it wasn't orange I
just let go and all the juice just like
trickles into the glass it's so simple
yet
what so so interesting looking isn't it
look at it how stylish is that for your
kitchen mate nobody's even gonna know
what it is you don't need to plug
anything in tell me your mom is not
gonna love that
tell me please actually more maybe more
your dad oh god gave me wrapping paper
oh that's good wrap all the gifts with
it love it
oh there's a few things in here oh I
forgot about that yes okay let me start
with this I mean guys you can never have
enough books especially ones from your
childhood Roald Dahl books Roald Dahl's
torrid stories I'm shopping online for
books it's always from Amazon the twits
oh my god you have no idea how many
memories I have with this book of the
twits like that's where I learnt the
word twit and I started calling people a
twit like stop being a twit roald dahl
George's marvellous medicine I haven't
read that one yeah I'm vigilant obvious
oh boy oh I've read all of them Roald
Dahl Danny the chocolate for me please
Danny the champion of the world
Illustrated of course by Quentin Blake
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory guys I
mean seriously I bought this which is
kind of for me but also kind of a Sid is
basically perfect for this time of year
because it's flippin freezing in England
well it just looks like the coziest
thing on the planet it's basically a tea
cosy but for your feet you press a
button and it warms your feet up we can
put one foot in each what like a chair
yeah so your left foot and my right
there
that's the potential there well I'll
probably be using this tonight and
tomorrow and as you know I'm daily
vlogging so you I'm sure you'll see it
we have a finale guys that's very head
whatever it is is heavy look how long it
is and by the way it's about 4 kgs
oh you're gonna know okay you found out
you found out guys
you all sit you sit I just saw this and
I just thought you know what when you've
got loads of family around and
everyone's having banter everybody's got
a bit of a sweet tooth this is the
perfect thing over the Christmas
holidays are you having a laugh in the
screen I went oh no that's not a solid
piece guys I bought a massive table rope
that's not a solid piece I could Richard
you wait with this says Boing off ugz oh
can you ready you're having a laugh no
way is up is that all chocolate yeah
you're actually joking Oh God oh my god
that's a solid table wrong I've ever
seen guys look a massive chunk just
cloak we're supposed to save this for
the holidays should we just do a
challenge with it guys I've just had an
epiphany me and said we have to try and
eat this whole thing together
no thanks I can't even eat once I don't
think I can even eat one today its
massive but we have to try it's real
chocolate like listen it's not hollow
not Oliver's it's solid through should I
should I check this darling it's solid
it's four and a half baby nice solid
this is four and a half kilos of
chocolate I need to put it back in the
box because over the Christmas holidays
I've got the whole family coming so
obviously this is like gonna be great
fun either that or let me know in the
comments if you want me and Sid to do a
challenge with it didn't Tina Charlotte
tunnel that's pretty solid we're gonna
put it back in the packet and then I'm
going to tell you about the competition
guys I hope you like my top Amazon picks
for this Christmas cuz I certainly did
are you eating Toblerone off the table
yes I am boy my job guys don't leave
just yet cuz there's come
distant I'm okay Dajjal has partnered up
with Amazon to give you guys my viewers
a chance to win 250 pounds sorry let me
start again
250 pounds in Amazon vouchers do you
know how many table tours you can get
with that crap lords mate
all you have to do is go on Dajjal comm
/d de tokyo to enter i will leave the
link and all the information in the
description box and make sure you check
it out because you don't really want to
miss out hope you enjoyed this video
guys thanks for watching til next time
bro right he's clearing up this myth
