morning guys okay it's like half 10:00
in the morning I just had her breakfast
and basically I thought I'd start
vlogging you know a little bit earlier
today because obviously I learned my
lesson from yesterday's vlog and I
barely had any footage oh my god
yesterday Hannah was just like a
different baby yesterday was like my
time to purge sleep for the night for
the first time in a long well for the
first time I mean not even that long
maybe in like three weeks and I managed
to do it I managed to put her to sleep
in two hours so we started at 8:30 and I
got out the room at 10:30 then she woke
up twice but it was easy to put her back
to sleep I just kind of cut and turn
laid her back down and then at 1:00 a.m.
she woke up and she woke up with the
flipping vengeance Nate oh my god
literally was like a two-hour crazy
tantrum nothing was calming her down she
didn't want anything I offered had
everything water bottle except for my
boots or he even hasn't came in I've
never seen her like that until
eventually after two hours she just
tired herself out and fell asleep like
cried herself to sleep it's so horrible
but yeah that's what happened last night
see it's coming in a bit and we are
going into town Isis using Hannah as
weights
Hannah's alpha today full-on getting
into the festive spirit this is from Gap
and some of these actually who remembers
Harry Potter who remembers Horrible
Histories as well guys used to be my
favorite thing on the planet my scarf on
guys we are getting a new camera
hopefully be honest with you I've done
this a bit too big but we're just have
to run with it because I can't be
Barbara do you know what I mean well you
know what I mean right
what you don't I mean let's get busy
bone oh yeah
just on this road in Cardiff right where
the castle is I used to work in Vodafone
call center which is like down there I
record memory I was on the way to work
when I got stopped just after these
traffic lights that we're gonna pass by
like a policeman because it was around
the time I think the London the
terrorist attacks loved it underground
and they were doing random stops for
people and he literally said I think he
said done stops I think he literally
said we're doing random stops for
weapons of mass destruction said that
but Maisie he was saying cuz it's
security because of everything that's
been going on so I was just telling Syd
really casually and he was like really
it was any other cars I was like in that
little car and I got stopped and I got
my whole cargo searched on my boot got
searched and I had to show my ID and
stuff and I was the only one and then I
went along went with I didn't really
think anything of it but now I'm gonna
say it's because I was wearing scarf on
yet and that's it is your Muslim Kalama
Muslim so I look suspicious and then
this is why I put the camera on because
then Syd was like yeah they just stopped
you because your wear scarf in your head
and you look they think that looks
suspicious and then we started saying
the word suspicious and I have to speak
it out I can't see the word suspicious
suspicious unless I really think about
it and go slow suspicious if I'm just
talking in conversation yes because I'm
suspicious you
I know you used to be like that I'd love
for police to stop beating around the
bush
and just come out with it if you're
going to search me because I'm Muslim
say listen we're searching you because
you're Muslim because you got a scarf on
your head
we're searching you because you're black
we're searching you cuz yeah you know
what I'm sayin
cuz you got B yeah cuz you got a beard
just come out with it stop being wrong
the dumbo certain you cuz you got a
beard and your planes I'm banging
Bhangra tunes from anyway I need a
haircut
yeah in bed come we got a drink guys
look at this
Starbucks mural that they're putting
around different cities this is the one
in carded we are going to the sheesh
with my dad we're in the same Lane Wow
we're going for some kebab piecemealing
the team now the kebab sling yeah boy we
know about God if life how who's here
guys for anyone interested within the
sheets were just in college looking at
Coach G what is that yeah it's mushroom
sauce thank you I feel gross and like
fat and greasy a bit like the meal that
I had but we are now gonna go to town
just looking at cameras guys this is the
are where's this all right 100 all right
so once it tells me checkout cameras I
let you just check out how good I look
in the lens
that's all I look for you look pretty
good thank you very much hmm camera we
want is this one but the updated version
but they didn't have it in stock so
login it now
guys back home I just have like 10 much
tea biscuits anyway I thought I'd show
you guys some new scarves that we've got
on do see you guys know I love my
crinkle scarves and Hanna knows that I
love the mm she's coming over now get
your grubby fingers off of this lovely
khaki one forgot this lovely busy gray
one we've got this lovely most idiotic
green one got this lovely charcoal one
got this lovely mink keep it all that's
my favorite color
mink you bow anyone and we got this
lovely they're so soft and they're quite
let me show you the size mm mm mm hmm
quite big but I love these for when you
are doing a turban but you know
sometimes like when you're wrapping your
turban and like your volume underneath
is really like small and flat when you
put like a crinkle one on it just gives
you that kind of extra you don't have
that your head shape a nicer more
rounded equal even side so that's why
that's why I really really like these
and when you just wear them in a regular
style as well like pinned underneath and
then just wraps around the neck and have
two equal sides it looks really nice
yeah she's trying to count up snake
hunters been trying to close stairs man
so Mike stop it you can't climb up the
stairs
no boo bit no mommy you know you're
gonna have to get a safety gate soon
you're gonna have to get a safety gate
soon I don't have stairs
grandmother trying to protest I can say
suspicious today or protest bloody hell
anyway so we've got these new scars on
do see Dhaka to UK so check it out do
sees like online store that made my
sister have well you can read the about
page on there but it's really really
cool concept anyway mama is gonna star
somebody scoffs on me now just super
laughs really because if I was doing
regular videos I want to sit down with
my mum and call a video mum does my
staff or mum does my makeup that kind of
thing but it'll just get the vlog isn't
that right booby Luigi so anyways I you
know only do it so this is what the
underneath of my scarf looks like guys
it's like small I look like a little pea
flea where are you love anymore I can't
do it like that okay so this is um my
turban style that I do every day for
work this is what I'm gonna do now okay
hue 20 December so listen I imagine all
but I'm here like this what I do is I
tie this back so put your head forward I
get this bit and they bring keep it up
oh you said that down I'm going to
anyone's and then I wrap it it's really
hard to in on some deal
it isn't it I wrap it over and here now
if you want to do my little pony tail
tie that to India hate that's what we'll
do today I share to us yeah I just bring
this here then I get this side and I try
to get this way so I can get these here
coming up can I bring it over like that
oh it looks better on you than it does
on me huh
and then you can tie them to the sides
you can tie them at the back then I tie
it
yeah it looks alright with the earrings
looks me Olivia really be a buy laddie
Alec is the little ponytail going on
here turn it all the way around it can
be there in the middle it can be this
side however you position it depending
on this when I do a ponytail I like to
either go hard as in go long or go home
as in don't have it okay don't like this
little tough Susie was out the other
week and you should walk in and a tree
branch caught on to attempt finish you
just walked in it she just turned back
in her turban okay was like a hat
hanging off the roger shoes I love
bubu new today see how I had earlier
guys guys it's probably bit messy but if
I was doing it it would be these ones
this is how you wear them tag down and
do all sorts of things in them like that
and I'm like that you can have them
dangling you can have them you know
ruffled up and they look really stylish
and great now if you want to wear them
all night mama
what you get lipstick on it no that's
pooping that's your lipstick yeah let me
do one no look at this ambitious tough
so I'm at checkout we can go another
style no wait I have got another style
Co just need to remember it get away
from a turban look now because we've
done it off - everyone's let me show you
how nice it looks
oh yeah that doesn't miss when you just
wrap it round like that this is what I
like crinkle scores for literally all I
did was wrap it around my head look how
nice it sits how about that it across
your eyebrow like it's your side bangs
I've done that much and if you an scarfy
or side bangs feeling good they're a
mess
