morning guys well actually afternoon
good afternoon - yeah how's it going
basically right it's Sunday but you
won't be seeing this till Monday evening
essentially even sorry about that can't
keep up with the editing and ting but I
try my best and when that get me this
person making me feel so gangster we go
into Cardiff we are going to wait yes I
got to do this blogging thing over there
and at the same time obviously we'll
catch up with the family
my camera is dark be my tumblr is our
turkey yeah it's actually like 2 o'clock
in the afternoon but haven't blogged all
morning because like we literally just
like packing getting things ready and I
could have done really yeah I was
getting acquainted with her car see
right let's say the door the panelist of
her novella has a woman Colonel an
ocarina al-arabiya locally Boone
bismillahir rahmanir rahim for those of
you guys who don't know what the hell
that meant or what that was it's
basically just like a prayer for when
you start a journey pretty much anyway
we've left around the time that Hannah
should be having her first nap of the
day so hopefully it will be a nice long
nap and it would just be this whole
journey in short a lyre of peace that
does have a nice peaceful journey we
just put it better than she's already
having at I'm sorry
I think her teeth absolutely driving her
insane
so she's watching multiple TV John
they did that
guys we made it to Cardiff and I haven't
blogged this whole time well pretty much
came in my battery died and then took me
like three hours but Hannah see a lot of
things that you do in life won't benefit
you at all no I mean things you do a job
to do when you hang around with I mean
certain certain things in your life I
got to tell you I can't take you
seriously certain things with those on
your feet mate if you want to be a
fireman be a fireman it's gonna open a
shop open shop if you want to be an
artist be a artist if you wanna if you
wanna cycle want to be a rude man if
your old man fear no do not be a road
man mama made a curry and this is what's
left of it
I might just have to finish that off
with a bit of bread yes I've also had
like ten rich tea biscuits what is that
listen as always saying this is the key
to success everything is the key take
risks in life don't let anyone tell you
anything if you want to do each one of
them oh my god shut up I don't think I
ever told you but that painting is
actually one that my granddad did and
it's a painting of my mum with painting
in the corner huh which painting in the
corner of her room surrounded by all her
toys and he was just painting her while
she was playing I think I have showed
you in like one of my older vlogs but I
just love it every time I come here I
really really like there she is there
back of her head there's all her toys
there's my lazy brother
awesome turning 19 very soon eh guys as
usual at the end of the day and I've got
some kind of blanket on my head
basically right this vlog has been so
short I just didn't get a chance to film
a lot today because basically we're in
Cardiff and this is the first time come
to Cardiff since Pam has been on a bowl
and Sid has been doing the bedtime at
home so he's staying down his family
tonight so I've had to put Hannah down
to sleep by myself and it literally took
me two straight hours and she's been
waking up almost every hour since she's
gone down to sleep and it has been so
difficult but and her back to sleep
without food basically been very
difficult and I've been basically
putting Hannah to sleep for most of the
evening and it
now like I don't know 11 or something
sorry that is so short but I will see
you guys tomorrow
I'm lacketh I'm actually not good and I
accidentally took off my row off oops
