we don't have a toaster so I go grill
mine
morning guys okay I've been up since
think about six o'clock basically Hannah
just had the worst night ever she like
barely slept but now it's like half
10:00 I think let me just checked it
real quick
yeah it's half 10 well I'm so good at
predicting time it's half 10 and she's
basically going down for her first lap
of the day I basically need a new blog
camera because basically Sid dropped
this one quite badly like a few weeks
ago and ever since then it just doesn't
focus properly it just doesn't work very
well I'm not going to the gym today
and just not feeling like it to be
honest with you I should really get past
that feeling of don't want to go but I
really don't want to go to the gym and
it's Friday so I'm not doing gym today
and I haven't choice for breakfast some
point I need to go to Brent Cross
shopping center to pick up an order from
Zara I order something online basically
because I couldn't find it in the store
and it's arrived so I need to go pick
that up Hanna's outfit for today she
still wears these shoes from Ali's boots
as well that's just the socks but I've
got prepared in there because it makes
life easier
I just thought ready as well guys um
it's a bit mad actually I already feel
like giving up on this vlog and every
day think hmmm but I'm just getting
through the day and see what happens but
like sometimes I just feel really down
in the day when you feel really down you
don't feel like picking up camera so
anyway we're gonna go to Brent Cross and
I'm gonna pick up my Zara tops have a
look around and then meets his sister
and having comparable cousin's cousin on
phone when Hannah plays with her cousins
she goes crazy Hannah's in the bath guys
she made a mess with her lunch so this
is a coat that I got from All Saints and
it's like the green one that I have I
posted up on Instagram recently and I've
had it few years it wasn't even mine uh
she was my sisters but we passed it
around me my mom my sister
we all wear it and I got the black one
and I went down from 400 to 250 I mean I
know it's expensive but it's all saints'
and we literally will never chuck this
out it will just go to my mom and then
my sister is a great coach lovely big
hood I've got something yeah and then
hey guys you just got to bang cross is
pretty busy because Christmas shopping
obviously so I'm just gonna go to Zara
pick up my stuff and then maybe have a
little look in Zara and maybe have a
little look in Topshop and maybe marked
dispenser believe or not must present
have some really really trendy stuff if
you look you wouldn't think so but it's
really cool I just bought a bunch of
stuff from Zara nothing but I was
looking for just things I like damn it
so just to kind of hair out look at it
is like fun Jacobian go from Thundercats
earlier we just come to eat and we're in
Wagga Mama's you know welcome home as
the high chairs that they have here
clamp them onto any table and she's just
comfortably sitting there love it
guys what the hell have I just decided
to stand up what the hell boo boo
you don't noodle guys sit go one of his
poems Levi and this is like frightfully
power
we just finished in when my man I'm
masturbating or the service was all
amazing everything and then when it came
to paying the bill the cotton she says
or do you want to try to give at it so
we're like no pharmacies like anonymous
and he doesn't know where he could see
at the end that we didn't give tip and
that news really flipping route now you
just took the payment for the cart done
away okay bye
like just cousin didn't give you since
we're gonna make our way back home
probably gonna get stuck in traffic but
basically just as we will go to the car
park now I walk past a shop called
skinny dip London and it's I think it
just recently opened in but in rent
cross I I'm not sure I forgot what the
lady said but basically everything in
there is proper glittery and sparkly and
it was just so relevant for this time of
year and basically I picked up this
amazing rucksack let me just tell you
basically it's cow print okay in the
shoe it's a cow print rucksack okay had
a thing for cow print on clothes and
bags for the longest time ever and I
think I even sold something to Tokyo
scarves with cow print on them but they
were a bit of a fail because the screen
print on them was like two small carpet
and exit is
they don't like Judy here just follow
the road Adela it so anyway I've been
obsessed with Cowpen and like I've just
found my dream kalpen rucksack so I have
to pick that from their own case I love
the packaging like a laughs okay so this
is my phone case looks you can even see
it the dogs amazing shake there babe
whoo
look at it yeah well so much Britney I
know I bought this beauty blender that
they had me the goddamn find it
I can't find it where is it where's my
Beauty Blender bro where's the last
bunch clothes hey hold on guys I need to
look for the beauty zdenda are you
kidding so annoying
she didn't pack the Beauty Blender so
now I gotta walk in and say to her oh um
I was going through my bag and you put
the Beauty Blender it's just gonna look
like I nicked it and I hit it and I want
another one
but like that's not case you didn't pack
it I hate book people do it how can you
forget to pack in the back so annoying
now I'm gonna walk in and act like a
sheepish thief
look this is the shops right there and
your poverty right so it
good friend it's so annoying
ciske damn bees oh my god guys I just
got out the car
he's right here whoopsie daisies back in
the car I go I take it all back
she did her job right it was just inside
of my seat anna's fallen asleep so me
and said i'll go into McDonald's
drive-through to get a hot drink I am so
gonna try that spiced cookie latte guys
bother you go back to sleep here as soon
as we get into our car Fox
kind of wakes up cuz of the lights by
the way this drink is a massive fail
it's disgusting yeah but what you
expected Donald's back home now guys
just change into something comfortable
whenever I'm out and about in like n:w
kind of ends and a lot of you guys live
around that area and you see us and you
stop and you say hi and sometimes you
get in the vlog sometimes you don't but
we always take pictures and one thing
I've noticed is every time somebody says
hello like a girl mostly a girl and you
know oh can I take a selfie and I'm like
yeah hell yeah of course you can I love
a bit of selfie I do this is something
that happens with everybody they get
their phones out to get the camera out
and they always always use the snapchat
camera instead of the actual phone
camera it's always just Sun app chat and
every time I ask somebody why snapchat
because for me my regular phone camera
is like manway bear the snapchat one but
everybody's reason is like snapchat
cameras bear and I'm just there like am
I the only one who thinks snap check
what do you mean snapchat cameras there
and obviously what they mean is they
look better they think they look pair in
the snapchat camera so that's just cause
it's flicked or because it's a different
angle or because it's not as good
quality but the quality is not better
your phone quality is definitely better
attorney was funny what you don't have
any bombs on right now TMI said TMI
anyway Sid was drinking his coffee not
his toffee what is it
Toffees fight okay Vegas gross did she
drink all of her milk yeah she good
reading go to sleep then you get
attention off Chaplin let's just lay in
there Anna Ghent oh my god she's
climbing over him pana he's gonna not
likely can you not water people you need
to relax you've got to do everything
gentle stroke like this look oh gentle
gentle yeah he'll climb over Cullen you
want to see wipe off from Zara yeah
what's he doing what's he doing ah
as I was saying brings me on to snapchat
and I've been thinking about this book
ages right ever since I sold that filter
that snapchat did which is the the one
that makes your eyes really squinty
right and loads of people were doing
really really racist snaps with it
you're no one talking about obviously
racist there's one with like a China
makes your face wonky yeah I was just
gonna count to that I've seen people
look like that
exactly there's and then there's been
loads of snapchat where it kind of like
um distorts your face shape makes you
have like a maybe extra massive nose or
like a wonky jaw stuff like that and
every single time you know what are
those filters come on I've always been
like okay I went to school with somebody
who looks like that and that person was
you know bullied for looking like that
then his snapchat just doing it for fun
just imagine like a school situation and
everybody use a snapchat and then
there's somebody in school or few people
in school that looked like some of those
filters that are meant to be for a laugh
like is that not just gonna push
bullying all the filters that make you
look better so they like make your
forehead bigger your eyes bigger they
lengthen your nose they slim it out they
make your chin slimmer you know this
limb you face out all that stuff
we all use them because obviously we're
like yo I look way better and I know for
a fact everybody uses them the Internet
in general so many people put up the
best pictures of themselves on the
internet then when you meet them in real
life they don't even look like that
whatsoever
Hannah gentle it's even more like that
now because of snapchat you see people's
profile pictures and pictures and it's
with the flower crown or with the with
the bug-eyed one the one that I like and
then human real life's like you do
not look like that you know I mean think
about it so damaging it's actually so
damaging especially with the younger
people I didn't know which ones you know
the ones with the wonky jaw and the big
nose one like those ones I just I never
like to use those ones on my regular
snaps because I just feel like I'm
taking the piss out of people who look
like that and that's just so mean we
also rely on on snapchat for our photos
when we don't actually look like that
like now I used to look at the mirror
and be like yeah I look good I'll take
my selfie now yeah
and now like I just want to look like
the snapchat one you know the one that I
always use and it Slim's at your face
how depressing is that I don't know I
don't need a snapchat filter so it
doesn't really use snapchat anyway I've
started highlighting here because I've
noticed it makes it look they've had
fillers look doesn't it I know it is
amazing oh listen honey fill as me this
raises here mmm that's laughing oh I
would look great look so if you see any
people saying I have an ad-lib Phyllis
and the lips are like that look at this
cute little bag eyeball I just saw it
last minute at the till nails like that
is so cute I have to get it so I bought
it at look it's lit to tiny it's really
cute and I think it's got a long handle
too I'm just gonna be I'm gonna be quick
because the battery's gonna die and then
I bought this gray jumper I've got so
many great jumpers but I had to buy
another one because this leaves are
pleated but I might wear it tomorrow so
I'll see you tomorrow
and then I bought oh I can't even be
bothered wait hold up three layer
necklace thing just regular kind of
ripped skinny jeans in a size 12 please
God let them fit if they don't I'm gonna
be so depressed
guys and then while I was looking in the
women Sid was looking at the kids and he
bought these two cute things for Hannah
it's like a unicorn jumper how cute is
that and then he bought her this coat
it's like a poncho coat because he came
I mean he's like dealer no no sleeves do
you know how easy that's gonna be just
throw it on button done and I was like
yo the poncho me so how do you like it
yeah we figured out the name is actually
a cape a jacket isn't it Dina yeah I got
a question for you
guys I'm just trying on clothes and SIF
thinks this looks stupid as hell and it
might look stupid from this angle but
hold up what about from this angle
though other trousers and shoes a bit
too much I don't know but I really like
it it's just I have to get on the tube
looking like this so it's fun on clown
isn't it like even these trousers are
totally inspired by clown trousers 100%
yeah basically she's really for ages but
um I've got to blog because I was busy
socializing Amy they come to our house
look at the mess they make nice
Americanize disgusting so may explain
yourself it'll taste up at you in it
hahaha this is the maze husband he's so
shy he's it guys look at the mess they
make when they come down look at her
look at that look at down basically you
sir sameas youngest kid when he says
look at her he goes look at uh anyway he
did that he put washing up liquid on
sofa my name is Ben loving it it's like
10 o'clock way past her bedtime but
they're all fighting over this
particular toy is so funny nice funny
seed right put the comma over D point
the camera back to me my Bradford
brother
yeah C never stops talking Wow whenever
we needed to be quiet this is the
longest I've seen in looks and guys
since Ben hunter sleep and I'm just
hitting him I'm gonna load up my laptop
and I'm gonna edit this vlog with my
candy floss the living room is an
absolute mess from all of the kids
playing around but it was a really fun
night and Hannah absolutely loved it so
and the vlog here sorry I haven't got a
blanket on my head to show you my face
but this is what my cover looks like
actually on my phone is quite nice isn't
it what you reckon so yeah check it out
what are you saying my friend anyway
I'll see you guys tomorrow what Beauty
card whoa
