morning guys it's December the 1st which
means it's vlogmas right I've never done
that before so I thought this year I
would try it's like a test cuz you know
I always said I wanna vlog every day I
never got around to it cuz I don't know
fast you want to do it so this is like a
month trial so let's get started with
the vlog I'm at home I was crawling
about need to change her nappy since
back here being a proper shook and his
brother is behind the fridge is he
behind the foot yep SIDS brother is
behind the fridge ducking on the floor
because he is too religious for YouTube
oh yeah guys okay basically right I
started the gym yesterday I'll take you
with me to the gym to watch me do barely
anything cause I don't know how to use
anything but we'll have a run and stuff
like that and then I'm gonna go out
later because I have to go for a meeting
to do with YouTube I can't say what it's
about but hopefully maybe I can film a
little bit over there and I just know
one thing for sure is that I have to get
a chai latte today welcome to day one of
my everyday vlogs this is one of
Hannah's toys
Hannah keeps looking up at the camera
now now all the snacks on the floor you
dropped them all Sayed what you're doing
right now Sid is replying to some hate
comments on his gum guys see the snow
savage he literally gives no FS when it
comes to wash and I I'm legit saying
right if what I did like my actions do
like affect your image oh man be game
over yeah like I want to just diss
everyone yeah I think it's a lot of time
sitting on it mutes himself because you
know me and him are you know a pair and
obviously what he does reflects what I
do so I'm always like shut up
you don't say shut up you say please
don't do that no no don't don't you know
no you're not gonna do the are you
you're not going to do that literally
sometimes have to like beg him please
say don't push that no SID please don't
say that but sometimes you know there's
no control in the SID if you want to say
something he'll say it ready true gym
spirit I'm taking the lift I'm only one
floor up I should really take the stairs
but fat life
guys I'm done didn't do that much this
is like my first time at the gym or at
least one year so I really didn't do
much dead about 40 minutes of workout
that was treadmill thing the rowing
thing and the other have even wanna call
Big Gay I'm showered and I'm back home
obviously by the way the gyms just like
downstairs in our building so that's why
I've started because it just recently
opened up obviously going to use it
anyway um that's what I've got to tell
you what happened in the gym right it's
got like windows so you can see out onto
the street somebody recognized me intake
on they were like waving at me and I was
just like hi while I was on the
treadmill like out of breath and sweaty
was so embarrassing and it happens
yesterday but somebody was walking past
and then she tried to get in the gym and
I was like I can't get in from the fire
exit so I just wave just so embarrassing
cuz trying to work out and I don't look
professional doing it through my DIY
jeans guy's eyes paint splattered on and
trying to get in
hello cheeky good lunch is served
Tanner guys I just got ready basically
I've got meeting at the Google offices I
just want to talk to you quickly don't
mind the double towel over there about
my mascara it's that not the perfect
curl for my eyelashes because mine are
like dead straight and it takes forever
to kill them this is a lash lift that I
did to myself at home with a lashes kit
which actually later if you want by
basically didn't work as well as it
would if it was with the technician
because I don't know what I'm doing but
this mascara race yourself is 60 pounds
and I bought it actually about three
months ago I'd say I bought it
originally to film a video like a film a
first impressions review kind of thing
but then I never got around to it
but I have been using it quite a lot
recently and unfortunately it's actually
quite good
it's the
like overtime lengthen your eyelashes
and make them thicker and stuff so over
time it has helped because you know I
went through a phase when I was putting
on individual eyelash extensions myself
and then I would pull them out and I
lost a lot of my eyelashes from that
basing my eyelashes have never been the
same until recently I feel like they're
getting back to pre Dina and her eyelash
extensions so that's good but
unfortunately is sixty pounds and I
don't think I would ever buy that again
by the way let me tell you which mascara
is is the shunt Carl chant Carl won I
think it's possibly the most expensive
scorer in the world
I don't know most likely this is like
natural light that is pretty good if
you're speaking about Dina's lashes
because normally they're just like
straight in downwards and they were
quite sure another thing that I'm loving
is the Estee Lauder little black primer
so you know how sometimes you have like
mascara is one with white end and the
others are black and you put the white
primer on first and it makes them
thicker well this is a little black one
from Estee Lauder which I've been using
before every mascara except for the one
I've got because that wouldn't make
sense if a 60 quid why would you need to
use something else right anyway so I've
been using that with every other mascara
and it's amazing a little bit but anyway
60 pound for a mascara that is a bit mad
it's supposed to have like Rose rose
stuff in it I don't know I'm is obsessed
with chasing the cats that's all she
does anyway I'm gonna cancel you okay
you're fine
big girl I am going to go now booboo to
my meeting oh let me show you I'm
wearing one of my really old Dena Tokyo
scarves this neck scarf from Zara and
then I've got this jacket on which is
such a typical or very classic kind of
style those from Jack wheels don't mind
the mess on my floor yet my rooms meth
and then I'm wearing this check it
oversize from Zara oh let me tell
you about my uber knee boots okay so I
really wanted these Stuart Weitzman
weights Minh whatever boots that they
run with Russell and Bromley but they're
650 pounds but I was really really
considering buying them for myself
because let me just justify why I would
spend 650 pounds on boots because
basically
over-the-knee black boots is like a
timeless
buuut I feel like for example every
single year when winter comes around I
go and buy a cheap pair of boots every
year but they're never satisfied that
they're never exactly the style that I
like or the exactly the right length and
exactly the right width they just never
fit right right right
so I just thought it's worth investing
in good ones that are gonna last me
every single year because before I was
looking about four years ago I had the
perfect pair of over knee boots but I
wore them out completely and it was just
some random brand that I found that
doesn't do them anymore
so anyway literally the night that I was
planning on buying these boots for
myself I went to Kirk Geiger in the
outlet and I just saw these which for me
are perfect that's how high they are
they're a bit tight around my thigh area
but if I lose a bit weight they'll be
all right I got them for 90 pounds in
the sale and they're basically I've
saved myself like 600 quid amazing and I
know that I'll be happy with these for
the next few years every winter so
that's cool anyway I really got there
pooping by by the way I didn't tell you
but Hannah decide taking a bottle I have
no idea why or how that happened because
it wasn't something we did we just
offered it one day and she took it and
now she goes she hasn't nap yo my
content today's a bit or under minute
yeah yeah big girl oh my god guys and I
just cried because I left for the first
time ever that normally she'd escape
hi guys I made it guys you just finish
the meeting and I'm gonna go home
that's okay me well I just love London
at Christmas yeah it's the best thing
ever look up with your oh my god and
look up in another country oh look
another China from having Arab cuz I'm
greedy
Dino oh hello rocky no oh no way hi how
are you I just about to vlog is for you
so I give you your line yeah probably
like oh if I take it off oh no it's mine
Celia guys basically she gave me a
discount because I filmed her making my
coffee baby off make I just went too
soon please please ignore this whole
headpiece I've got my hair up basically
and then I'll just put a blanket on to
end the vlog anyway getting ready to
wind down for the day since right now
but Nana to bed at the bottle loving it
mate anyway so I would update you on
something before I go beautycon is this
Saturday it's my first time to attend oh
by the way I'm attending and it's gonna
be my first time and I am so excited you
have no idea I don't really know what to
expect I'm not sure what people do it
beautycon I think it's just like there's
makeup stores and everybody like goes
and looks at makeup and you get a chance
to buy from some brands that you can't
get here in the UK but there's also
loads of loads of panels so I'm actually
going to be participating in the no
labels necessary panel exciting there's
going to be tons of beauty bloggers
there like like everybody you could
imagine is going to be at beautycon so
these are all the creators that are
coming let me start from the top so
there's a top row there's a Mina on the
end there we've got some other bloggers
I do recognize some of the faces
oh there's Dulce candy
as me oh I think I met this girl at
Stand Up to Cancer I got my pen name
like this uh blip their name real quick
this is chanel and bros yes I met her
sanic cancer who else oh and then there
is se button este lon and then there's
Fleur who else who has these people uh
I'm on the panel with this guy I think
who is called Jack I believe who else is
there
there is Jordan bone there's gold under
also part of the made for you campaign
with me basically what I'm saying is
make sure you come it's going to be
amazing also doing a meet-and-greet and
if you want to come to the
meet-and-greet then you need to get the
social package this is the website
beautycon dot-com general admission hall
a package or the social package so if
you want to attend the meet and greets
then you need to get the social package
that ticket is not just to meet me it's
to meet like all of the bloggers that
are doing meet-and-greets so you're
gonna meet pretty much everyone I'll see
you guys tomorrow
