hi guys are back with another video and
today I really just felt like filming a
respond taneous Q&A so I put it out on
Twitter literally about an hour ago and
I'm just gonna jump straight into it
really so Sarah ha asked why your honest
opinions of your sister taking off her
head Jeb did she ask you for advice and
what did you tell her and that she
didn't ask me for advice but obviously
we talked about these things in general
honestly I don't think it's a big deal I
think people focus on the headscarf way
too much and mistake it for hey Jeb as a
whole so you know if you want to wear it
you gotta wear it if you don't want to I
want to wear it doesn't make you any
less Muslim doesn't make it any less
modest I think so I also think there's
no one's business how a woman chooses to
dress so another question that you guys
have actually been asking a lot is what
the hell happened you hear elephant in
the room I don't know why a lot of you
guys are shop but I've changed my hair
color I've been doing it for the past
two years maybe every few months of Nega
Wow bam thank you ma'am how the hell did
you get blond in one sitting
well the truth is I was blonde anyway
but my roots were showing and that's
where you could see the roots so I just
went back to my hairdresser and she did
my roots for me in one sitting and with
virgin hair it's really easy to lift the
color but that's up to your professional
hairdresser to assess your condition of
hair your kind of hair and all that good
stuff basically just go to a
professional sana asked would you go
into Hanna to dress modestly and wear a
her jet as she grows up or would you let
it be her own choice by the way love you
lots
thank well sana I'm not gonna enforce
the idea of wearing X goth on Hannah
I am however gonna teach her all about
modesty and have to respect herself and
her body and all that good stuff Khadija
asked do you feel that people's constant
criticism on everything you do somehow
pushes you away or affects your men um
well Khadija I would say that it doesn't
actually affect my Eman
it might look to the outside world that
oh she's not Muslim enough or she's not
whatever
why doesn't because I keep that a
relationship with God and my
relationship with
my religion very personal in general to
be honest with you and I like that if
people constantly criticize all they
need to know it ain't working the way
that they want it to work that's all
they need that's that's all they need -
yeah oh I'm so pregnant em asked what
have been your top three pregnancy
cravings
well em pretty much everything no
actually there is one thing that comes
to mind and that is the Dominos roma
Roma Italian style pizza I have that at
least once a week
um and then I've been really loving it's
not really much else I've been having
phases of stuff but nothing I mean
actually everything right now did you
ever live with your in-laws or did you
and Sid move out together straight after
marriage me you said moved into a flat
to our first flat together straight
after we got married so the answer to
that is no DK asked how often does sit
piss you off
well DK every five minutes
Deena yep do you know what Vinny first
nap right now Dina Dina Dina what what
do you know nyla says are you going to
reveal the gender of the baby
well nyla no well actually the plan was
to do a gender reveal video but I don't
know if I want to anymore
I'm 35 weeks pregnant today actually and
maybe at around the 3738 week mark
although gender reveal how did I even
get under that but there you are Deena
Yeah right
oh the fisa parade said what happened to
the pizza right if you guys follow me on
Twitter yesterday I
Domino's that one I just told you I love
and basically it was a very
disheartening moment because I opened my
diet coke and then I clumsily elbowed it
and it spilled all over my pizza
literally covered the whole thing
basically what I ended up doing is I
elevated the pizza book slightly and let
the pizza drain so there was a pool of
coke in the middle but I ate it I mean I
didn't love it because some of it was
really soggy but in the end I ate at
least half of it and it just had a
slight sweet diet cookie taste to it
which basically didn't ruin the pizza
for me so I'm all good happy pizza huh
how do you wear oversized clothes and
look cute in it
what's the secret because every time I
wear an oversized piece I feel weird
I actually know that feeling when I was
a lot younger and I was a teenager and
was trying to figure out clothes and
body image and all that stuff actually I
remember feeling like a massive tent if
I wore something that was baggy and
always having to a really tight top and
then like baggy trousers to compensate
for the bagginess in one area and I
nearly know when I met Sid I'm I was in
that phase where I wore really tight
upper body stuff and then looser lower
body stuff I don't know really how you
need to transition but maybe I don't
really know how to advise you on that
other than well I just said which is
maybe don't wear everything super fitted
pick one thing that's fitted or fits
very well and then the other thing could
be like the oversized looks so I always
opted for oversized tops most of the
time and there's many reasons for that
part of it is because you know in
general I don't like to show too much of
my body shape when it comes to oversized
tops it's not just any oversized top as
well like for example this jumper I
really love this kind of shoulder see
where it's like mm boy it's called but
it's like that not like that because
it's just a lot more flattering
so there's some things to look out for
that will make oversized clothes fit
because you can be oversized but fits
well to get me you got to think about
your own figure as well some things will
look like they do on certain people and
they won't look like that on you so you
have to really know your figure and your
body and what works well with it I
really believe in that how many more
children would you like and how long
will you leave the age gaps in between
right so I already have Hannah who is my
two and a half year old handle air and I
am now pregnant with baby number two to
be honest with you and the plan is not
to have any more after this baby
although that was the plan after Hannah
and things changed so I really don't
know but like right now my head space is
just deal with the two that you're about
to have short love some your career up
into three words
sure thing will do and I would say my
career is my career is I don't know what
I shall tell you
I can leave three words hi don't know do
you consider wearing Jill babe one day
for those of you don't know what Jill
Jill Bev is it's a bit like AR Bayer
which is you don't know what they is
it's the traditional kind of long long
loose dress that is actually just a
cultural piece of clothing mainly from
the Arab world and other and other
places but they very obviously with the
patterns and the colors and all of that
stuff and I've got loads of Gala beers /
Jill web / r bears because it's part of
my culture I and I wear them sometimes
you know for fancy it but if you mean it
in as a like a religious contact like
because some people take it as like it's
the only form of modesty and hey Jeff
and all that stuff I don't believe in
that so if you mean it like that and
then will I
we're one 24/7 most likely not it's not
practical piece of clothing to be honest
with you for my lifestyle or as a mom
who's just out and about in general I
think but I love them and it's always a
part of my culture and my whatever my
culture is I don't even though sometimes
they are practical depending on where
you're going and what you're doing so if
I feel like wearing one hour what would
you consider putting more motherhood
related content on your channel yes I
would love to do more motherhood related
content the only thing with that is
sometimes it's hard to kind of separate
motherhood topics into like single kind
of topics and do a whole video on it so
I always end up just doing vlogs that
are like motherhood related but if you
guys have specific videos you want me to
cover in terms of motherhood and there's
enough people who want to see that then
I will make that video I love doing
motherhood stuff I love it
here's a motherhood related question
karema Talib asked have you ever had to
deal with Hannah cursing and if so how
did you go about it my niece's other
auntie's are teaching her insane curse
words and now that she gives to nursery
she's - I'm sketchy will curse out cuz
other kids
well can you tell your nieces your
nieces of it can you tell the other
aunties to stop teaching I don't know
you talk about your own child or your
niece if it's your own child it's almost
teaching literally sitting there
teaching your child family I'm not honey
teaching your child how to swear then
you need to put your foot down say what
are you doing in love so we sometimes
slip up sometimes I say sometimes I mean
all the time I mean all the time slip up
in front of Hannah and swear by accident
because we're so used to it means it
it's so bad and but ham delay she hasn't
picked up where is the problem she has
said straight after I've said it
what I've been engrossed in a
conversation with my mom and then I was
like oh my god we don't say that did you
mean did you mean silly or did you mean
and then like just say another word
completely did you mean that it's not
you meant I
normally the kids will go yeah yeah uh
so I meant and then just forget about it
Maisie
don't talk about too much afterwards and
then only they'll just forget about it
and then try not swear again in front of
them like this the shake Queen asked
have you ever considered to take off
your head Jeb and your faith generally
take off my faith well okay so I touched
I touched on this a little bit earlier
on and so if you mean my headscarf
taking off my headscarf
I have considered taking off my
headscarf plenty of times trust me
coming up to about twenty years of me
wearing this every day so 100% have
considered am still I'm considering it
it's it's like a it's a daily it's a
daily thing for me because as I get
older and things like that my views or
things change I do my own research on
things and blah blah blah so you know if
you've been wearing it for the most part
of your life 20 years and you are gonna
consider that so notice that people get
confused with hey Jeb and a headscarf
and I think once you've kind of looked
into that yourself and really understood
that's a whole other video topic really
to be honest with you but the answer is
yes I have considered it a hundred
percent and I do consider it now still
on the topic how is your twin sisters
decision to take off fair scoff impacted
you do you feel that connection between
the two of you is now gone no wow really
if your sister is gonna take off ahead
Scott and then you lose a connection
with her you really got to ask yourself
what your priorities are if anything I
think it's made us more connected and
more more close and we have really
interesting conversations about things
and no not all thankfully anyway as a
married couple how do you manage
finances and how do you guys share the
responsibility of maintaining our home
as this is something me and my husband
are trying to figure out okay so I mean
this is up to every couple I think but
traditionally a lot of Muslims and a lot
of couples actually in general the
husband will provide and go and pay for
absolutely everything and the woman
won't work and she'll just be at home
either taking care of the kids or just
be a housewife but really
three guys in this day and age most
couples split their responsibility and
mean responsibility in terms of finances
and parenting as well like all the
traditional roles that you think about
basically bring them all together mash
them all up split them in half and pass
them on to both pretty much there's
obviously like natural things that will
happen that you can't really control as
much as you like but in general that's
how me and cyd work we both work we both
pay for things we birth parent we we
both do everything I often hear
youtubers say that youtubing isn't a
nine-to-five it's a 24/7 really do you
agree and do the pros outweigh the cons
I would have to agree with that
youtubing is pretty much 24/7 because
even if you're not filming 24/7 you're
either editing or you're thinking about
what to film or you're planning a video
there's so much work that goes into it
especially think about basically having
a job where you constantly also have to
it's like a business you have to try and
stay relevant as well like you have to
keep up with the times
otherwise you're because let's face it
on YouTube to be honest with you
subscribers look good but what you need
is the views if you have the views
that's what gets you the money that you
need to continue making videos lots of
people think youtubers are loaded and
some of them are loaded but they're the
ones with like I'm talking millions of
subscribers but also millions of views
and really good consistent views per
video like you have to like you can go
on some really old-school youtubers now
and they've got like I don't know three
million two million subscribers but one
video view is on like 10k I've literally
seen that 10k views in a week so the
income for that person is not gonna be
the same as when they started and they
were on let's say 700 thousand to a
million views per video did you get me
so it's very difficult to keep a
consistent income from YouTube and
that's why I love you
his work with brands to collaborate with
them because it like realistically if
you're going to make a living out of it
you have to work your butt off trust me
and the living out with it as well it's
not like all just rolling in money by
the way it lets people think me and Syd
are loaded
we're not loaded ham Dallaire we just
we're just a good kind of stage but
remember we don't own we don't own this
house that we live in we get a lot of
compliments for this house we don't own
this house we're just renting it and
loads of people want a house tool and I
really want to give you guys a house
tour because you know it's our furniture
in here and we've kind of chosen how to
do the rooms and where to lay things out
but I also feel really awkward about
doing a house tour
when I don't own the house and that's
why I don't think I've ever actually
done a proper house tour because I've
never owned a house I just went so like
ham delay we're happy but we're not what
people think and it's because people
have this idea that youtubers are just
loaded from getting views and this it
doesn't work like that trust me anymore
with you ever start youtube you'll know
and what you have to remember as well
guys is I've been filming I've been
blogging and filming YouTube videos I
think it's coming up close like the
whole internet career thing in general
is coming up to like 10 years so you
have to remember it's not like an
overnight thing the last 10 years of my
life has been this and grinding and
working towards things and still now
working towards things that still now
having goals and you know I mean so it's
not overnight success for some people it
is fine but most of the time there's no
what's the future for those people if
it's an over if its overnight success
and it was like from one viral video and
they were just goofing around in it you
know I mean like what's the future you
guys really came through with some good
questions today
last question let's say hi Dina hope
you're well do you like wearing Asian
outfits how about doing an Asian style
lookbook for Eid this year well as a
matter of fact I do like wearing Asian
outfits I find some of them to be
stunning and very comfortable and also
very practical in terms of I'm always
looking for like sleeps up to the elbow
I'm always looking for a bit of length
so they're very they are they're lovely
and I do love wearing them but I don't
have a lot of places to go
I don't own a lot as well in fact I
think only in like maybe two or three
basically if I'm gonna do this look paid
lookbook it's gonna be next week at some
point if I don't get to do next week
it's not happening guys and I'm sorry I
can only try honestly but there's so
much planning there's gonna go into it
if I'm gonna do it but otherwise to me
it's not worth it anyway I think
basically we'll end it here because I've
been rambling on way too much although
the Christians are epic thanks for
watching guys till next time bye
