morning guys I'm vlogging we're back in
London you guys seem to love my vlogs
the most so why not just log right
anyway some of you guys might have
already seen on my Instagram and on yeah
pretty much just Instagram and also
maybe like on your way to work or on
your way to like the movies or wherever
you might have seen big pictures of me
prancing around London not prancing
around but like put up around London
because I'm part of the YouTube made for
you campaign and they gave me basically
this play button that was all the wrong
way round
I should really explain to you what this
button is for it's actually not for
anything other than it looks good
YouTube has just launched they're made
for you campaign which is basically
celebrating the relationship that we
have with each other
the creator and the audience so me and
you guys and how specific it is for its
creator how amazing it is for its
creator and they're also celebrating
diversity in YouTube so hedge IV's
represent I was chosen to be part of it
and obviously I was ecstatic like it's
YouTube so nice to be kind of like
recognized by them when YouTube is
something that I've been doing for
almost six years and I bloody love it
it's really nice and I feel really
really honored and also it means my face
is plastered all over London which is
the best ever right they gave me
this play button because we have to do a
photo shoot obviously for all the
pictures that you've been seeing around
central London and they said I can keep
it so we have to stand there like in
front of a green screen and flip it flip
the play button over onto the mate for
you really seamlessly and it's actually
a lot more difficult than it looks it's
actually a lot more difficult then it
might seem or then it looks what am I
saying anyway guys today I'm spending
the day going on the hunt for me and my
pictures all over London and I thought
I'd take you guys with me so hopeful
you'll be a good font vlog and we'll
just get going shall we come on let's go
these are all the places I could
potentially be in London on different
things like buses or banners or
platforms or bus stops or cinema guys
here I come here I come where are my
fare on
hey there when I'm waving to everyone hi
hi Dina hello
look at me lookin all surprised to
subscriber right look at the height
difference this isn't even exaggerating
you look so cute this is your name for
Jonah - Jonah how long have you been
watching my videos you know I can't get
cirrhosis named Charlotte maybe why
write little right that's a good
angle
hey good right NIM bruh we bumped into
your husband a med and we're just
talking about how similar we are and
there anyway it's really nice to meet
you virtually and also on nice to meet
you guys too
hi guys thank you she looks like me
doesn't she okay I'm sorry
my name is a been like
see slides if you don't even know who I
am they just saw me holding the play
button they're like yo you were on the
bus just now and I was like why do a
victim a Titan okay now I've got two new
subscribe did you subscribe I know I
will okay are you betting I slack I'll
subscribe don't worry I love this
campaign it's getting me new subscribers
way during the family yeah lovely we're
in no I don't know what we read the
street and then anyway as soon as we got
out of Piccadilly the bus I was on drove
past and we didn't get a chance to film
it's so annoying
so we literally on the hunt for me all
of us because that's the most important
once is when it gets darker won't be
able to film that and all the other
stuff will be easy because you'll be lit
up at night so fingers crossed and find
a bus right
but it's really cool because we're
bumping into loads of you just by
accident when the plan was that was
going to snapchat saying a meeting spot
saying I'm here for like 5-10 minutes
taking pictures and asking you guys to
be part of the video but I'm like
bumping into you anyway so grateful guys
I think the boss I think we found the
bus but I'm not sure oh no I'm not
coming on you in the ones in Victoria oh
we need to get to Victoria well that's
the other youtubers guys I bumped into
Oh fine like I'm gonna always watch your
dogs in every the way you don't need to
like say nice things to me I mean like
please
the way
Oh like I'm shocked to see you guys
we've been out for ages as you can see
it's dark now right literally I've just
found myself twice so far no three times
what we're talking about Bond Street
Oxford Oxford Circus and Piccadilly and
we've been meeting a lot of you guys but
basically but basically this vlog might
seem short but let me tell you we've
been out since the morning
filming looking on a you know all day
and I just want to go home now where you
stand and we're waiting for me to come
up
our final attempt there we go guys the
company key I'm looking at myself and
then I'm looking at Marcus Potter like
what the flip is he doing we're at Kings
Cross there pancreas right it was such a
mission to get hit because he was so
packed and hang out was just full on
time coming oh my god getting to tantrum
age anyway we are so dead so we're just
sitting in prayer eating that's it guys
we went on the hunt we were going to go
to Victoria right too tight it's too
tired so nice meeting everybody by
accident today like I didn't even
snapped I just met you guys which is
great also there's the video which is on
the YouTube spotlight channel that you
have to wash them and keep a lookout for
me and if you do see me then Instagram
it snapchat twitter and hashtag made for
you that's it guys thanks for watching
this video and all my other videos cuz
they are
let the cheesy play button flip rolling
