morning guys it's our first day here in
Athens and there's a storm outside look
at it thunder and lightning show you
basically right we woke up quite late
because well knackered
look at what I'm wearing in the mirror
longer Libya anyway when Hannah sleeps
you don't wake her up
right so we woke up at like 11 o'clock
which means we missed breakfast in the
hotel which would probably be the only
good thing about it cuz to be fair the
hotel's pretty crap is just in a good
location there's a freeing storm out
guys what do we do I gotta fix a long
camera but it's like bucketing it down
it's half 12:00 now but at least I've
done my face kept it minimal ish I've
just done mascara and lips and brows and
concealer
oh and pillows okay not minimal anyway
we're a bit bummed because we only had
one full day here in Athens because then
tomorrow we're going to catch another
flight to go to Santorini more likely
like it's thunder lightning Clare ROTC
outside basically we're just in the
hotel room watching cartoons and
drinking chocolate milk from supermarket
about yes see okay so far on this trip
we've learned a few things right one is
don't fly with Lufthansa and the second
is don't stay in Athens Gate hotel we
didn't pack it any like coats or yeah we
didn't pack any closer jackets or
anything like that we don't even have an
umbrella cuz I just got wonderful
jealous we thought it'd be sunny
look at Hannah's little sandals they're
from Ellie's boots I totally fit the
theme don't you think it's raining on me
to me I'm sorry we borrowed an umbrella
from the hotel because obviously hotels
do that and anyway we decide to venture
out because the storm is stopped but
still raining we're gonna go to that
coffee loveless come on man I'm on the
tour for today so the Acropolis features
this beautiful slope yeah so will come
with me to see the slow thousand years
old interesting looking stones you don't
get those ones in England out of
everything that Sid has notice he
noticed that has weeds adds a lot of
weeds there between the cracks need to
get a pole washer on the go ya know like
seats so they'll fight to the death
yeah this is arenas where people would
watch whatever happened on there guys
Sid's gone all the way up there okay but
my sandals literally are not letting
them do it on this kind of floor feel
like I'm gonna fall just to let you know
what kind of shoes I'm wearing totally
not suitable yeah I went all the way up
there and I just came back down and this
mofo won't come up cuz Masuda flipping
this episode basically we paid for euros
to stand on a hill ow yeah ow
our Hana guys I forced her up dragged
her like a baby
by a hand because you can go up there
now way up here at Cardiff Castle what's
wrong you all right see doesn't why
than do Gina the type of person to hike
up Mount Everest but slip on a pavement
look what we find guys it's basically
the same thing they have are all
Pakistani weddings tourists dance guys
we found what we paid for euros for the
proper copper list look but one was just
a mini one they were just the side seat
no this is the koala not was the
qualifying round this is the main
like where this is when you get to the
finals yeah this is X Factor Live yeah
yay handful scale that looks and this is
what I'm taking to my 7up picture SID
hold up guys that is gonna kick off my
Instagram feed for Greece Dena's taking
a thumbnail and summoning good summoning
the dragons silly dragon lady
what are you doing thumbnail lucky oh
yeah so guys that's a footprint it's a
footprint of Zeus that's what they told
us these are all footprints oh my god
that's a footprint oh my god these are
babies oh my god Hannah keeps kicking
his crotch you're so funny this is the
wall in front of me if I just carry it
just really really surprises me that you
were table areas there oh but not on
your warm for barriers there we've
concluded an Sid agrees that look
another one that it is in fact totally
worth 20 years yeah no $20 million okay
I'm literally talking to the guys out
there who have babies or who have had
babies Sid constantly getting kicked in
the nuts by Hannah right and it's
painful
so I'd literally just genius I literally
just said to him you know you need to
wear a god oh we just invented something
you know like a shield like when they
fight so ergo baby you need to design
one specifically for dads just too close
vicinity look it up anyway so basically
gege baby needs to design a crotch
shield for Doug's ogre baby listen I
know you're trying to cater towards
parents but you're also preventing
people from having more kids yeah
because a kick in the nuts is no oh my
oh my god attention I forgot the worst
thing ever
so I mean women will never know how that
feels
well it's been kick salmon know it what
in the nuts
it's like yo man yo I knew this guy who
they don't want no no listen
his sister kicked him in the nuts and
his balls went up into his stomach
obviously I swear to God there was no
bollocks in his scrotum are you crazy
there was no balls there I swear to God
he went to hospital did that make the
news cuz no no that happens a lot it
happens a lot if you kick a person in
that's hard enough the balls leave the
screw
I feel like trying this with you you
know why cuz you can get back up cease
full back down I mean I'm not for
hitting women and stuff but if do you
know where to kick me like that Internet
she'll end up with no teeth guys waiting
where we're basically like the in the
main bit where like all the shops and
motts called plucker all the shops are
so far and I just keep seeing these cute
little slippers these are the slippers
I'm talking about how cute are they guys
I need to get left behind 100% and a
pair for me
we're about to eat some food guys the
food's arrived and it's a lot more than
I thought it would be
we got moussaka we got zucchini balls we
got a giant and we got but they called
omnious it's basically like findings
with rice but basically so where am I at
basics where my story falafel choppy a
kebab just click above it hates the food
as usual I'm just starving come on every
time so I'm gonna taste the mashie the
masa here is so much bigger than the one
that they'd have in Egypt
like
the machi
YUM
to the restaurant owners there thank you
for making me puke in my mouth I'm
getting one of these Oh which one's like
yes chocolate one
Oh gross isn't it nah
get my coffee and I fell asleep in the
sling
make it a damn scene
guys look at this massive toy shop we're
gonna take Hannah she just woke up from
her nap so we'll take her there have a
little look at some toys all of a sudden
I'm super busy on the road but I can't
wait to try this macaroon also I'm
really really want to do this thing on
my channel where I try out makeup brands
from different countries so I'm on the
hunt for a Greek makeup brand and I
asked one of the makeup ladies and it's
called there's one called Korres and
apparently it's only sold in pharmacies
so I just found something in a pharmacy
but it wasn't that much this election so
I'm going to wait to find a bigger fancy
and then I am sin on the hunt for some
Egyptian branded makeup I did find one a
comment what it's called and then I'm on
the hunt for Pakistani makeup too so if
any of you guys can help me with finding
these or you know makeup brands from
other countries I think that would be
really fun thing to do on my channel
just trying out a full face of those
brand has just toy at home the boy
version but this one is Greek less here
thank you g hg k l m n P this is the
same in toy shops everywhere like this
that girls section is just all pink it's
just ridiculous
like it's all pink what the hell we
figured out a new game needs it you keep
the unstopping people tenders to come to
their restaurants and stuff so we
thought okay let's make this fun and
next time we get stopped we'll make up a
random language we just make noises like
look nice yeah and we're told box to the
guy and go yeah all right we need to get
in character Oh
drinking's in my sneaker if you took it
now we'll be ready what's on top snakes
don't worry though
I wish you I think I think we're gonna
get it now
oh my god
you completely mess that up he goes
where are you from I went Germany he was
like then he said something in German
like Iran and it's like well you are not
from Germany where you from I was like
oh originally uh no yeah he's like you
just hit me I was like yeah no it's all
the mama Gyptian anybody thought I was
it an igloo tea shop man
uncle why did you talk in English the
problem was did right when you play a
game
he takes it too seriously the thing is
if you're gonna go retard go full retard
did you get that guy's
got the ice cream guy Hanna's
demolishing the ice cream guys oh that's
actually mastic there in the ocean it's
the best ice cream ever had peace quick
oh Claire fancy I just Marshall we're
wearing you're not really with my
business go back to the hotel
we're just in the list coming up to the
hotel room and there was a American guy
in there going to his room it would have
happened minutes and basically he goes
night when we left I went and said
nighty-night
I said nighty-night - how embarrassing
is that mum mode or what I'm pretty much
gonna end the vlog here so I hope my oh
I hope you enjoyed our early day I hope
you enjoyed our Emily I hope you enjoyed
our only Jane Athens with us we
certainly loved it so I'll see you
tomorrow
