this is alright oh hi guys today I'm in
my bathroom this is where I get ready
either in my bathroom
or back there on the floor with a mirror
in front of me so I just thought you
know what let's actually film like this
for a change rather than setting up you
know on a table and I'll betcha BAM okay
we're finally trying kk w Beauty ladies
and gentleman I ordered this a while
back not gonna lie and it came a while
back also by some thought around trying
it I've done my base which is basically
just foundation I've done my brows I've
put on some false lashes I don't even
know what these lashes are I found them
in my drawer I think that really old
hoodie Beauty ones that Warren wants
ever use the black blue on my lids which
actually has smudged and looks a little
bit like you know I forgot black
eyeliner XS so there's kind of already
that good on which is a bit annoying but
it's fine first of all let's talk about
the packaging do you like it I think
this look is decent to go to these very
simple also the packaging of the actual
makeup is quite nice quality so this is
the kkw times Mario palette but I did
manage to get ahold of the lovely matte
grey looking pretty flawless not gonna
lie I do like the look of it there so
all the looks I've been seeing with this
palette is mainly like those blue ones
to bounce with you I think you could do
quite a few looks with this but
obviously I'm gonna go for something to
do with the blue look because that's fun
right I did have a look on meri makeup
by Mario's Instagram page and Kim
Kardashian's page see if they have a
tutorial on the blue look but I couldn't
find a specific one so I just got some
like I just looked through some pictures
and got some ideas here and there I
don't know what I'm gonna do or what
order as usual but you can you guys can
just figure that with me Foundation I've
got on is NARS I think is it the she
comes to one of their really old ones
but oh she a glow or the other glow one
is an old last one and I've got very
very small amount because I don't wear a
lot anyway what else is in this
if the k'kaw beauty concealer kit there
is the little card that's in here sorry
I'm our breath as you key anti-aging
ingredients including ceramides marine
collagen Shazahn brush and senses fruit
extract over there whole that is and
make skin appear further and will
elastic over time yeah I'm sure that
plus Botox helps right I'm gonna read
through that when I actually apply that
haven't got my shadow in the longest
time FYI so I don't even know gosh I
haven't even clean my brushes shit so I
guess I'll just go in with the shade
Miami which is this one over here quite
like that color you do do the eye shadow
is quite a nice creamy kind of shadow
unit oh I love it at the bottom of my
eye they're way stronger in cut oh shit
I came out of it too far oh shit again
don't worry this looks gonna be pretty
dramatic anyway int it really quite
messy there
sorry about that lab there's four
shimmery shades I'm gonna try this gold
one up here who it looks really well on
camera doesn't it guys I love how wet
that looks I did we're gonna get a flat
brush alright and I'm gonna go in and
try this deep deeper kind of burnt
orange shades down here on to the lower
bottom blah blah of my lid whatever that
means
oh it's gonna go all over my lashes but
we have to fix our layer lovely what you
reckon going with the same flat brush
and try this really deep dark brown on
the end I'm gonna put that just on the
corners oh bit messy do you know bit
messy know what it is guys I'm getting
tired of standing already now I'm gonna
go in with that famous blue color which
is either called
Vania no Libra I don't know and I'm just
gonna pack now all over my lids
hopefully this blue oh did I did I ruin
the chance of getting a bluey shade by
putting other colors I think I might
have maybe not all the shit there's
there's a fool up but that is because I
am really scraping at it whoa what's a
bit messy this may be dumping my brush a
little bit to get the Pollock to stick a
bit more hold on I love in this blue
guys laughter a bit blending yeah we're
not something in my eye
Oh thread shit look at hair actually
this is actually like the perfect blue
feel like you could go quite dark but
also look when I'm blinking it's
starting to look quite electric which is
really exciting I'm gonna actually get a
brush and blend up the line so that this
bit is not too harsh to see how that
looks
tell you what though I do need Botox
I'm approaching 30 they tell you to stop
when you hit 30 oh wow I love it this is
a good blue babes
yeah babes yeah Kim it's a good blue Kim
love it is yeah nice one bites nice one
guys i darkened up the bottom as well so
that's all I'm gonna use for this
palette so far he's guys had a look I
think it's lovely these are the two
brushes you get this one right here that
has kicker wbg at the front a spongy bit
on one end and then a fluffy bit on the
other then here you've got just a mm did
I shadow I mean it looks like an
eyeshadow brush but I guess it's not
we've got concealed baked and brighten
this is the packaging I really like it
apply liquid concealer to under eyes and
blend for a flawless under eye
I got shade number six I don't know if
that's a 6 or a 9 comic wow that's what
it looks like let's apply shall we
where's my miracle comeback
you'll come back love oh I think this
might be too dark for me uh what a fail
this help me choose the file now can't
do it so I'm just you're gonna apply
loads guys because well that's what Kim
does doesn't smell too good smells of
when you get to being Q or something
looks quite orange II doesn't happen
let's just blend for a flawless finish
shall we pick it might be too dark but
we do have the Brighton part of the kit
at the end which might help make it a
bit like well other than the fact that
it's I think definitely too it's not too
dark for me but I could use this whole
shade as a foundation and maybe I should
have got one shade lighter to do the
concealing under the eyes but other than
that it's alright I think the colour
unless it oxidizes and then it will be a
problem right that's that is right am i
right in saying that it's up that is
what the people say rather than it could
actually go in for its second layer but
I'm not gonna that would just be too
much for me like I wouldn't actually
wear that much during the day anyway
fake apply desired amount of baking
powder on pointed sponge of the
concealer brush to set under eyes then
brush away excess powder with the fluffy
brush II side okay the baked baked the
bike the bike the bike ooh I like this
packaging and on the back here we go
will tip some into the lid and we'll
bake that way oh I like the baked
ability of it do you know I mean like
you actually understand what I mean when
I say that sometimes it's difficult to
Baker's getting the powder out and then
your Spanish doesn't kind of just blows
it away straight away so we'll leave
this pop it let the baking comments now
I'm gonna use the fluffy part and brush
it off guys I'm not gonna lie so far I'm
loving this whole kit I baked now it's
time to brighten so packaging is the
same there
little mirrors nice okay I'm gonna go in
lucky bit to Brighton oh I bet you can't
see on camera but in the mirror like you
can actually see how it's brightening
that's Ashley reckon
Wow right now let's do the concentrated
area this is working I haven't even done
my contour anything yet it's nice okay
Kardashian right now on I I mean not
that I want to be but aren't I why was
it more complaining about decent this
shit is decent Brooke gonna do the rest
of my face I'll fast forward for you and
we'll see the final result alright
darlings
you
you're joking me
Oh on again oh right Wow guys I just
dropped this twice and it didn't break
well
okay guys this is the final look in case
you're interested in what I used on my
lips I will show you because I know I
probably get questions the lipliner was
nude pink from collection filled in all
my lips with that then I used to your
bullshit lip tattoo a tiny little bit
just to brighten up a little bit and
this bright color which is six for one
orange and then on top of it I put this
sexy mother pucker soap & Glory lip
plumping gloss over the top which is in
the shade bare enough and I love this I
can literally feel it tingling and
working I love it plus the gloss factor
obviously is big so I will see you in a
few hours to update you on how
everything's looking alright I've come
out now
over the room that was filming here to
show you what the final look looks like
without my like proper lights the
concealer I really did think it was too
dark but the brightening part of the kit
really really helps the eye shadow
though feel like going back and blending
so much you're just gonna do that but
anyway it's only been about 10 minutes
since I applied this or 20 minutes hey
so now come back into my office room but
I don't have any studio lights on this
is just like from the window so as I'm
walking around you can kind of see how
the light changes the way the makeup
looks during the day I'm gonna try and
keep this on for it's 20 past 1 so I'm
gonna try and keep this on for you guys
till the evening probably to lift our
roots and like nine ish and then I'll
take it off so I'm gonna get rid of this
blue a bit on the corner cuz what's
going on clearly wasn't concentrating
when I did that but again it looks
different because now I'm right by the
window with natural light so okay I need
to apply concealer and fix this cuz it
just before I go downstairs and have
some lunch
I have sponsors on my channel so some of
you guys have literally decided to
sponsor my channel which is so exciting
for me and I've got a list of my
sponsors up here so I'm gonna shout out
to sponsors today and in every video
I'll shout out another another two
sponsors how does that say
first Ponce I want to shout out is Sarah
H so she is a fellow youtuber she's
called Sarah H and she does hair
tutorials this is her channel Sarah
H pixie hair cells which is cute another
sponsor I'm gonna shout out is is mirror
the Sun Hat key thanks for sponsoring
this channel I'll see you in a few hours
to update your my face hi guys it is
quarter past three so it's been about
two hours since I spoke to you last
since then have tidied the house and I
have eaten a bowl of cereal and this is
the update on the face cereal pretty
much locked in place it hasn't started
do that thing where it creases which I'm
very happy about can I just say
eyeshadow pretty much stayed the same um
so yeah that's the update pretty good
actually
what on earth is that of my school
probably makeup homeless you just
outside right here in the garden they
like for you it's been an hour and a
half since I saw you last and since then
I have been chopping up onions and
frying them in a pan and my eyes have
watered so there's that as well as
eating chocolate has happened since then
and this is the makeup update and this
is outdoors so I'll see you again in a
little approximately hour or so and
makeup updates not much to say really
other than it still looks great okay
forget my lips and my own contour but in
terms of the eyeshadow and the concealer
I think it's working just fine guys
concealer still has increased I mean
that's literally just my actual wrinkles
but there's no concealer creasing I
think hold on I'm checking the mirror
there's literally no concealer creasing
and the Hat for me is a very exciting
prospect
it really is guys it's 9:30 and this is
my face after all day putting Hannah to
sleep sweating my face off
food it's literally 9:30 this is how my
face is looking my concealer still has
increased eyeshadow looking a bit messy
tired but not bad overall I'm gonna take
this face off now I hope me keeping on
this long has helped and yeah you guys
can decide for yourself that he liked or
not I'm super impressed with the
concealer not gonna lie but yeah thanks
for watching guys see you on the next
video till next time
