morning guys today I'm vlogging for you
because I'm doing something well because
I'm doing something this is my outfit
for today please ignore the mess I'm
basically going glitzy ribbed metallic
and shiny shoes which are very old by
the way I'm just contemplating what kind
of software basically today's look is
inspired by Kat Von D if I haven't told
you got an invitation to go and have
afternoon tea vegan afternoon tea with
Kat Von D so I'm just finished getting
ready oh don't judge this okay I'm
yet to organize it and then oh not the
brushes please darling please I'll give
you anything up he goes how's the makeup
white makeup makeup wipes no let the
brushes thing
this is what's happening so far I'm
gonna look oh my god need to blend
my eyebrow this is the final product
guys bit of a mess to be I'm sorry but I
think it will do - you know what's
really funny I've never actually tried
any Kat Von D products ever they're
going to be kind of demoing her new
products as well because they're
launching demonym can't wait
loading little cluck tourists out
immediately
anyway I'm going to be bloody late again
I'm always late for these things I think
I've got to go over there and it's a
green man so that's good you know the
bus won't stop what the hell I'm really
excited to try being an afternoon tea
because that all
I've been interest I've been looking
into veganism for a while actually I
made it guys I just had to fiddle with
the liquid liners in the amazing or
sighs look at a climate
look at that I'm dying look at that I'm
going to pour that these oh my god looks
amazing looks beautiful
amazing pretty much everybody hears
everything is went back obviously
because they inspired by can run D like
these together but you might like I wish
you light it today I never wear things
like you want YouTube all right push it
you to great news bloody gospel in it
are you on YouTube yeah
several
I meant like
we have brushes guys yesterday are
tweeted if you could kick it off car any
passion what would be and you guys tweet
me and hopefully I'll turn off
the most like memorable memorable memory
of makeup is like the first time I use
liquid eyeliner which is a totally gross
story I've only told it a couple of
times but I'll tell it to you guys
because um I think he was going with but
um when I was a kid we've is like kind
of like a not bad for our time but not
the nicest prototypes we have much money
and stuff and that we would get to go
like on Saturdays to make this park it
was like a neighborhood park that was
like looking back now Mike oh that
was just a bush of leftover wood that
they just like nailed together and
called it a jungle gym or whatever and
that weird good I remember cutting back
the splinters and stuff but um anyways
my sister now running around there was
like a bathroom and I'm gonna go go
there you know take a piss or something
I know and somebody had left their
liquid eyeliner on like the same I
didn't know I mean I was like you know
like like an early team and I was like I
don't know something if any it's so
intuitive like I knew what to do I just
knew this good I'm a high and I did it
and I like was my first time ever
putting on like liquid eyeliner I thank
god this doesn't have pinkeye or
something but I didn't I remember like
like like just seeing my I'm like oh my
god like like I had like I don't even
know how to describe I just had you know
amazing like way cooler eyes when this
guy was like leg looked around and no
and I was just like secretly put it on
my mom wasn't around and it wasn't even
about like other people seeing it it was
just like how it made me feel at what I
like the aesthetic of it which I think
that like um much like tattooing it's
kind of like that it's weird because
it's a very outward expression you know
people see your face and they see your
tattoos but it's not for them you know
everybody has that misconception of like
oh you know you just wear much makeup
because like you're insecure or because
you you care what people think like I'm
like not actually kind of the opposite
it's like I do this for myself I mean a
lot of time I mean I like myself without
makeup but a lot of times I I mean you
can
these guys I never leave my house cuz I
let my cat so much um like I wear my
makeup every day and that's just around
the house and nobody ever sees me
you know but it fulfills my heart and I
think that that's the that's like the
the most important part about like
artistry if you do it for yourself
versus other people and that's why I was
so excited to meet you guys because I'm
it's so cool that I recognized your
faces but never here in person um is
that like you know you guys just can do
it at home and like you change and
inspire other people and like you know
how they do their makeup and you know
I'm not a pro makeup artist by any means
like you I would I've never done anybody
elses makeup you know but I feel like
nowadays you don't have to be a pro to
be able to like express yourself and
inspire other people and really change
the beauty world because like I mean
Instagram alone I feel has like really
changed in a great way like maybe not
change but evolve the beauty world and I
love that because that's like more the
voice of the people versus like
depending on like these like print
magazines of tell us what beauty is you
know so um so yeah I mean um I had
talked a lot oh my god wait
and all your questions already in the
beginning there's no right to condemn
else anything was just so nice in real
life life sighs okay super argue i'ma do
a couple on TV hold tomorrow yeah
completely honestly better than I even
thought like way better in real life so
guys I just got really crazy watching
everything
loving and literally I'm going to buy
everything whoa
guys I just left the event it was so
good you know if you guys have a follow
me for ages right you never seem to go
to things like this and I would get the
patience to go you know to this event
that I then see this person do that with
that person whatever I know they have a
go because like I just want to sit at
home and believe it or not I'm
incredibly antisocial I don't like
meeting new people I myself when I
do something like that even though it's
just fun it's socialising right one just
 up and I know you find that
hard to believe but it's true anyway it
was so good I met so many other
youtubers so many other like Instagram
Beauty people everybody's makeup was on
a point Kat Von D is insanely humble and
down-to-earth she made you feel like
like she knew who everybody was no it's
just being nice probably but maybe she
doesn't know what's all this amazing
stuff but it's so crazy because I went
to this event never haven't tried any
Kat Von D products ever in my life and
now I literally want to go to Eminem to
buy them all I'm not lying when I say a
products are quality I've just you saw
me watching and playing around with it
oh my god so bloody good anyway
she's so humble that's earth chatty easy
to talk to
you know sometimes like when you go to
well I've never been to a meet-and-greet
or something where I'd meet somebody
who's got a present I've never really
done that but I can understand why
people would feel intimidated going up
and talking to them and stuff but she
really made you feel like she was just
so easy to talk to and I just love that
because I try to do that when you guys
meet me I try and make it feel easy
because I know how scary it can be to
try and strike up a conversation right
anyway she's great
what a great person
I'm very happy and I got a great goodie
bag which I'll show you when we get home
now I'm going to go home and speak
Hannah
guys I've got talk about vegan immunity
I didn't match against my much because
it was like you know it was like sit
down Andy CEO Mike standing up while
you're mingling and to be honest with
you I don't like doing that what I'm
trying to vlog and snapchat and
everything so I couldn't bother getting
anything but in China which is a shame
because really I want to try something
inside I guess I taught you guys more
about the my mid trying to think about
going vegan
well again people looking at me like
rush dr. sauce is credibility right yeah
guys I just picked up my a sauce and
boo-boo order I was supposed to arrive
in time for me today what they didn't so
I just pick them up now unless you can't
carry them on a blog so bye so my makeup
off a change I'm carrying Hannah cotton
that's why I'm holding funny angle
anyway look at the main burger so just
meat
that's for you so much being a vegan
guys go to being an event come home
welcome to vegan events come home to Syd
making a Fatburger me how my dad if it
would be to me being my beautiful guys
I'm about to show you what I got in the
goodie bag we have this great big box so
let's open it together has excited to
that she even said to me before I left
to make sure you get a goodie bag on our
unlit I literally said to her oh don't
worry I will I looked you said that and
she laughed she found the fun it anyway
here we go kept Ronde hello darling I'm
so excited to finally green cap 1db to
the UK and Ireland celebrate I wanted to
send you some of my all-time favorite
products from the collection so get
ready to hang in love cat no this book
guys cat 1d make a buck you mean it
what's in here then I guess it's tells
you about all the products right oh my
god some of the eyeshadows were
ridiculously amazing oh I showed you in
the vlog actually when I was watching
tattoo liners like their best selling
things if she's this Wow
I kind of make it look decent okay I got
a liquid lipstick she like show you what
color it's always Lolita she's saying
does her favorite one ever you read it
in this book
yeah of course cuz you said you wanted
or sponge tattoo liner studded kiss
lipstick this is in my cheek they were
bagging on about this today while she's
not lying these really are her favorites
because she said I remember her saying
reasoning another lipstick in underage
red oh that's a controversial name
underage right anyway uh what this shade
and light shade a light contour brush
and case she's given us a pop she's
given us a brush here the package is
sick
it is oh my god and then we have what
does this look like this is a yeah shade
a light contour palette
thank you thank you guys I'm literally
gonna go to Debenhams like whenever I
get a chance to go to Mike leshner
Burnham is it only that one dead limbs
that they've got or every donor
they're having the Stratford one Whitley
I'm not sure I'm gonna go and buy all of
her liquid yet oh my god all of a liquid
lips and all of her tattoo eyeliners all
if I oh my god they're amazing and
there's this one palette that I saw
today I showed you guys
it will ridiculous no not going yet cuz
I still got to show you what I bought
from a source and Boo Boo's but we'll do
that after Hannah's asleep
 I'm in bed for boo-boo
hey you you need to get the bear yeah
guys look at the boots I bought from
boohoo okay I'm gonna be honest I
haven't shopped in boohoo for about a
year because I just kind of went off it
because I just wasn't finding anything
on there anyway and then I found these
and I've been looking for something like
this for ages but everywhere else didn't
have my size and boohoo did look at that
I'm really into shiny stuff right now I
know it's ridiculous look at the shine
on that oh my god this should be my
thumbnail oh my god I don't want it I
have to dig my own booze I had to dig my
own boots okay look at the shine
that is my that pitstop anything is
bumpin if only you get this as a
lipstick wow I'm going to make a
lipstick like this guys I'm inspired Kat
Von D's maybe one do makeup line almost
everybody there had lips out here
they were like filler lips quite
obviously for the lips and it was just
like just like the normal thing just as
if it's like everybody was wearing
liquid liner or something but like
everybody had those lips and you can
tell that they're feeling lips
sorry my battery died anyway I was sort
of saying lip fillers is just so normal
to have it now and it just made me want
them even more basically because like
everybody has them it's like a normal
thing and everybody's lips looked
amazing no I'm joking it didn't actually
make me want the more it made me
actually not one lip fillers as much
which is I which I feel is the main
reason I was sent to this event because
I was so convinced that at some point
I'm gonna get lip fillers because I just
sobs I'm so sick of these little lips
right but then I went to this event and
I was like yo everybody I can tell when
somebody how's it feel is their lips
like and there's no like lip creases
like they just don't look like real lips
although they look amazing when they
stop careful it's gonna look so it
made me not want fillers which is good
so just me as Dina's gonna keep over
lining her lips guys I've been thinking
about just veganism in general right and
I always think oh what if I was to go
vegan was what if I was to go vegan but
it's just a thought it's never like okay
I'm actually gonna do this because I
know how difficult it would be to
transition and I like really good and
know what to buy and how to prepare food
and stuff in order to be able to eat
because I don't I don't prepare food as
you know anyway and also because I've
been questioning a lot lately you know
about how you know how Hallel is the
halal meat that's available in the UK
that we get from halel factories because
of the way they are store to them or
because of the bad that goes down
in factories especially the ones that
must produce and stuff like how Hallel
is it like just because they slice the
neck doesn't if they
animals are treated badly beforehand and
if you know there's so many rules on how
to on how something is made Hallel and
like if the animals in is treated
beforehand or if they're you know you
know I mean other reason for you going
vegan no it's not the reason it's not
the reason for me going
I'm not going vegan it's not the reason
for me thinking about veganism but it's
just made me think about the Hallel
industry in the UK in general how Hallel
actually is it just because they put the
stamp on it but if we know that these
factories are you know mass producing
and the way that the animals are living
in the factories are and they're
not roaming free they're being
mistreated they're all watching each
other getting sacrificed and being
scared things like that then technically
voice you know slaughtered sacrificed
forever then technically how Hallel is
halal meat anyway guys that's a thought
for you how Hallel is halal meat in
england not even in england in all the
countries even like in egypt where you
know everything is hell right so
obviously they have massive massive
farms and slaughterhouses so how do they
meet those conditions to ensure that
it's fully Hallel like we're literally a
sheep or a goat is being slaughtered by
itself in a room not or not not by
itself in a room but like all the other
sheep aren't watching it and panicking
they've been treated fairly beforehand
they haven't been you know you know what
goes down in these slaughter houses so
just made me think about that and then I
would feel really slice the animals and
I'm just like aw what we were to go
vegan but then I don't even know how to
do that so difficult then I was like
okay maybe we'll go vegetarian but then
how'd you even get vegetarian I mean I
can give it to Aryan but basically right
I can survive without meat and fish but
it's the stuff that you have to think
about like the milk and the yogurt and
the butter and all that stuff that does
my head in
just like oh then I still got think
about all that stuff and then chocolate
even which just makes things more
difficult because you know I don't cook
although I really need to start learning
because hands get bigger so anyway I
don't know what this was about anyway
guys I really
enjoyed vlogging today for you and it's
made me think like okay I'm gonna blog
more often just following me on a day
maybe every time I like I'm going
somewhere or doing something rather than
just being around the house or rather
than just being doing mummy stuff then
maybe I was like yeah that wasn't cyd
falling that was Dennis the medicine
Tony by the way this is the Kat Von D
tattoo liner on my hand after washing it
with washing up liquid after giving
Hannah a bath after everything a lot of
you guys are mentioning my last video
which is the dunder so one yeah saying
oh that's just miss work miss work we
have that in wherever it's not it's from
a walnut tree miss work is from another
tree it's not water so it's different
okay unless people saying oh why you
acting like you found this out was a new
thing I'm not acting like I found this
out I'm acting like I found this out
because I literally just found out about
it so I thought I'd film it I'm not I
feel like I bloody invented it chill out
frigging hell nobody invents anything
nowadays got the next time
bedtime darling
