morning guys me Syd and Hannah are in
Chelsea for the weekend we're having a
stylish city mini break basically
because we need to get away and it's
fashion week and thanks to home away a
sort of uh start with the apartment out
here in Chelsea so basically we're on
the way to check it out you guys should
have a look at home away it's the
perfect place to find somewhere we're
doing is right here number 19 Brook Way
same boy
going
this is the right now I'm wearing I got
the half one yet especially soda
we should baseball people - yeah yeah
why does yours look so good though yeah
guys check out this bathroom and ye look
I must find my name yeah Deena got gift
there that we'll check out later guys we
call like stand up straight he really
good what is this oh you don't gonna be
in that one
I'm gonna get it Oh perfect
Oh guys we're about to have dinner
everybody's filming table first
oh my god at dinner Tokyo we've left
hand cream oh my god has it been long we
left-hander for two hours wow I wonder
what she's like place 9 o'clock she
probably speak about that is alive
well mama definitely calm guys I never
got around to showing you last night
what I got in that gift box so I'm going
to show you this morning instead so it's
obviously stuff from Beauty Barrow I
already like checked it all out last
night I just got to film so that's why
it's all kind of just model dings I put
it back in but I got some amazing things
I got this art deco fixing powder
stunning spectrum brush love it also got
this which is actually perfect for said
he was looking to get by himself
it's like a mattifying powder for hair
to give it like some texture and stuff
volumizing business Oh luxury
self-tanning lotion and I got some groan
Alchemist hand cream and then I have a
new eyelash curler and many one I have a
cleansing lotion from Mario Badescu
wherever that is a new brand for me then
we have Kevin
ah Quan a lip pencil exciting what's
this oh and then I've got aa skier
London - super 16 pro collagen serum
anyway how exciting is all that like
nice some legit goodie bag right there
my friend
full-on legitimate thank you very much
morning guys we are going to a fashion
Scout fashion show and we can get birth
I don't know what the street is called
based on she was born about looking
where we're seeing this great Skype
thing on it knows it well it's a bit
dead right now cuz people are just going
to it we were supposed to go get coffee
as well but we're kind of them Oh work
up a little bit that's what we want yeah
that's okay guys you know in a minute
guys we missed the bus could be too busy
trying to film the doors opening
this kind of ruthless drive a struggle
okay guys we literally got on the bus
and he basically told us to piss off cuz
I offered him ten pound cat I said I
need to get dump hide popcorn in it he
was like they're gonna be like money we
have accepted cash on a bus for the last
three years you need to go get yourself
an oyster card ethic we give up we can't
make the show so what we're going to do
is we're just going to walk and we're
gonna have a nice lovely hour-long walk
all the way to that area and then we're
gonna have pizza not really Rex it's
more like brunch times already had
breakfast but means it have me in she's
getting whiny so we're gonna have a
munch just go see walked one in around
there so anyway that's all gone do
we basically just walk past that she
Galleria thought you know what might as
well go check it out get Hannah
you
guys look at this gorgeous floral print
anybody hungry though anybody hungry he
want some rest
there with some beans you want some
whatever that is
you want some whatever happened you want
something dumped what is that a dumpling
what you want some more Wow
me
we're going to be seeing a lot of this
fun Hannah Groza what my pleasure here
retainers are in there guys we just
finished the Saatchi Gallery it was an
amazing basically they had a special Art
Fair honors like an international to
have a lot of Middle Eastern and
oriental stuff there it was friggin
amazing it's down the road from where
we're staying so it was really good
anyway now we're on the hunt for
somewhere to eat Hannah's fallen asleep
in the pram yay so means that we can
play another such a very talking over
right there I don't want to go to it I
wanna go to another cafe it's right
there I'll get another one
no I'll go to Gales to be fair I wanna
go to another cop shop or cafe so it
means they can have money like jails is
hey fat Greta pastry place it's not but
it's not breakfast okay well we're just
gonna keep walking in there that's it
look I'm not good I'm not going there
okay no I'm not going there okay
okay I'm definitely not eating it it's
right there I'm definitely less about
the money so come on Sid let's go
guess where we are guys what happened
you know I thought we weren't gonna go
here
we're here well we
guys you just had a munch and now we
come back to the flat we've tidied it
all up because we're about to hand over
the keys and go back to our place we
don't really need time we don't actually
have to go back we don't actually have
to tidy it really but seen as being us
we like to do these things obviously
I've thoroughly enjoyed our stay in this
apartment in gorgeous Chelsea guys it's
so nice waking up and just being able to
go on that street and have like
breakfast in the morning and stroll
around everywhere is like perfect photo
opportunity this is so good looking in
all I mean home away is a perfect
website to go on and search for likely
luxury apartments if you're looking for
a city break things like that it doesn't
even have to be luxury apartments like
they just provide apartments in every
city that you're looking to stay in but
it's really cool because if we want to
stay in a hotel in Chelsea it would be a
lot more expensive so this was really
quite fantastic having a boots things no
booze please no leaky piece not enough
approves mark you ruin it Steinar a nice
weekend clean houses ours hey that's me
Hannah why are you unpacking we're going
now darling oh please it make a mess so
anyway I'll see you guys at tonight's
show by the V&A basicly I'm doing out
cuz I've got to go now too
which is in the DNA
he just had some of those
hi guys I hope you enjoyed watching that
show as much as I did
we're going back home now guys to our
boring flat that you guys seen a hundred
times so we'll end the vlog here yes it
so it's been a great weekend I guess I
hope you enjoyed this week's blog guys
I'm not in Fashion Week with us and till
next time
