hi guys welcome back Judy to my channel
again she's wearing no makeup but that's
okay because I'm about to do full glam
on my grand I'm gonna apply Instagram
style makeup to my grandmother not
considering her age or her not
considering anything really I'm just
gonna do careful and we'll see how it
goes I wish I bought my color correcting
palette with me but I didn't so I'm
gonna have to just go with I'm a bit
scared actually
maybe scared the first thing I'm going
to do is use Judy's Rimmel primer
because I forgot to bring one with me I
probably got samples of better ones but
oh you need a new one it's almost
finished
it isn't almost yeah look well almost
you know this could be quite therapeutic
for you by the way I really don't have a
clue what I'm doing I just thought this
would be a laugh and the final result
could be quite entertainme take this NYX
stay matte but not flat foundation in
the shade nude Oh - and it's quite good
actually because Judy is pretty much
same change as me aren't you dude
I reckon no maybe yeah I'm an enemy I'm
literally gonna put this ball quite
orange so don't you book it soon around
I will be not first isn't not fast I
mean I suppose I should to cover things
but don't worry we're gonna be
unconventional today okay oh that's my
leave is that it is quite on don't worry
about it dude everybody walking past
this house is watching yes what did we
do yesterday dude we went on Facebook
and we were looking at these pictures of
all these amazing looking grandma yes it
was so stylish and they just looked
amazing I just made me and obviously
Judy I think wow
who cares about getting gold you still
be quite fabulous really you're quite
fabulous thank you doing all righty then
how's the feeling of my rough my - no no
not to talk about on the eyes that's
okay
while your eyelash is a tiny elephant it
or you almost chorus it on no but I
don't think so I thought I'd taken
enough I think I'm even going to do
false lashes today I'm going to go in
with a crazy light concealer this is the
same one Maybelline instant age rewind
waist in the fair color I'll put that
under your eyes
whoa so much lighter than your actual
face isn't it yeah this is too bright
and Judy let's do what those is the
grand people do really what do they do
they do this crazy contouring they do V
under their eyes like up yeah
and on the side of the net is like that
and then they contour on the chin right
here and they'll do a bit on the
forehead like that this is going to give
you some crazy cheekbones man crazy
cheekbones mate okay now let's get the
contour shade I'm going to use the
Maybelline master contour duo stick oh
you probably like this put it contour
stick so we're going to use the dark
shade right and once you do that to
contour your face let's see oh yeah add
a bit of dimension as they say so this
is Maybelline nuts this is maybe in Xela
costs about seven grams let's say that's
affordable because I didn't spend more
oh yeah seven pound me oh and I actually
love it I did a full review of it on my
channel actually if you wanna watch that
damn adapt up to all these people you
see on the telly they're probably hood
oh they've had this done and I'm waving
it up oh yeah definitely hundred percent
me yeah gosh so when you've been on TV
they've done this no they don't you know
what they say to me actually
well they say before I get there emails
are like oh we don't mind not doing
Tina's makeup because she doesn't
beautiful yourself and I'm a bit
disappointed of that because I'm just
like oh it's quite looking forward to it
yeah but weapons is when I get to get my
makeup done I end up like just taken
over their products and just do it all
myself I like it the way you've got your
scarf on today actually I would you want
to do that style there
Korso well we're not gonna bake
underneath your eyes
what pink yeah so we can get this powder
it's a finishing powder oh I'm going to
use the NYX HD studio powder okay and
I'm gonna pack crap loads of that
underneath your eyes look up wow this
isn't working like the Instagram people
oh no this isn't oh oh oh no this
is like how I watch it on the Internet
I'm making a bigger mess there dude we
have to wipe the dinner table before we
eat of it baking woo they all do this
they look crazy it's really funny right
baking everywhere baking yeah they call
it baking because basically to leave on
your face for a while yeah you look at
you look mad yeah I feel like actually I
want to add a bit more contour warm your
face up a little bit so I'm gonna take
the benefit hoola I'm gonna add more
yeah look at them cheekbones I'll know
it mixed with the thing a little bit
weird are you oh my god we must do your
nose how could I forget that's a concur
on there honestly don't know what I'm
doing I just know I'm gonna try and make
it slimmer slimmer
yes I'm smaller smaller in general right
well we don't it enlarge it
Lydia found Amanda's unit oh yes you
like a good nose don't you can do you
there you think a face isn't a face
without a nose good news I hate your
turn done little servo noses yeah yeah
turned up snobby noses yes we like big
noses its character character so many
bogies and stories that is a hot mess
right there would have to make it work
somehow won't we
I'm doing a but every confidence in
unison will have to come back to the
nose guys right let's move on to our I'm
gonna use one Dubrow for Judy's eyebrows
oh goodness I've never done this on
anybody guys this is like hit or miss
really well
actually this is gonna look all right in
there you know this is yo you're gonna
look hot sexy grandma
you're gonna be on one of those no those
adverts grandma's wasting to chat now
like face painters no really yes yeah no
you can't do that with the other guys
I'm gonna take the next wicked dreams
palette to try doodies eyes guys this is
so difficult not gonna lie I've got a
good crease yes you do but I mean oh I
just got back
don't worry Judy I know you're panicking
inside don't do it don't do it to
yourself just run with it so difficult
doing someone else's makeup all I lied I
didn't have done someone else's makeup
they're my cousin's for her wedding that
went actually really well didn't you do
your mom's one day and I've never got a
full oh yes I have done a full face on
my mom oh I lied oh I'm a professional
actually I'm lying
do you seriously do this every time no
this is like if I'm got a fancy event
most times I do with a concealer and
mascara is like a if I've made an effort
I always do my eyebrows I mean I could
go out with no makeup and just browse
yeah guys are literally packing on the
highlighter yeah just looks like very
dark eyes right I need to get a
different highlighter for your nose a
brighter one I think where's that okay
guys I'm gonna take artist Couture in
gold digger this is going to look crazy
now don't laugh what
mermaid Bobby Brown art stick in Rose
brown trout pout
no don't no oh right yeah ha right let's
try these lashes on god help me and you
how's that feel okay oh
what does add some mascara on my bottom
lashes I can't even see them this is
Judy's final face squad lashes on her
brows on I mean I've just given her I
just made look ten years younger I would
I tell you yes come on go with it yes
I'm going to just hide you disturbin
using this very very pretty simple we're
done
I've been trying to get my hair Duty's
color for ages it's just impossible I
tell you it's going in tight yes we're
gonna give you some height right but
that I love a bit of height thank you
let's tie at the front I think she drew
a little bow now you don't need a boat
oh yes good little a little pighead
there okay right let's bring this the
end and and if we don't do it mega tight
it should stay really well don't you
look come on for my glass yes duties
final look how glam
does she look there we go guys this is
the final look Judy I think you look
absolutely beautiful I really genuinely
do and I have just done a work of art
you should go in a gallery I like it I
should make an exhibition of you you
should I will do on Instagram check out
my Instagram page anyway guys I really
hope you enjoyed this video thanks for
watching till next time your beautiful
June I feel beautiful that's the aim
till next time bye my friend if it's
Mother's keep us mothers
