hi guys in today's video I partnered up
with Neutrogena to bring you their new
hydro boost range since I made the move
from Birmingham to London I have noticed
a difference in my skin I've also
noticed that I've had to take a lot more
effort into basically taking care of my
skin because of the amount of pollution
and just dirt in general there is
compared to where I was living which was
more kind of countryside
it wasn't Birmingham Central it was
basically the Midlands when I come home
from a long day out or not even a long
day out just a couple of hours here and
there my skin always feels crazy crazy
clogged up and the first thing I want to
do as soon as I get in go through my
cleansing routine that is the first
thing I want to do and for me one of the
most important things is to have a quick
and easy routine so that I can keep up
with it and so that my skin can keep up
with you know my lifestyle I suppose
I've been using these new products from
the Neutrogena hydro boost range I
always pick up new Neutrogena products
here and there so this is perfect for me
because it's all about putting the
hydration back in your skin and we all
know or if you don't know I'm about to
tell you that the key to good skin is to
keep it hydrated if you don't drink
enough water your skin looks rubbish if
you if you don't keep your skin
moisturized and hydrated it's not gonna
look its best so the key is to keep it
hydrated and to kind of help lock that
in this is what the new range does which
is so perfect for me so I'm just gonna
go through with you guys what I've been
doing to keep my skin hydrated and
basically to help it bounce back to what
it was so the first thing that I do when
I come home is I will take the hydro
boost cleanser facial white and these
are really good because they remove your
mascara super easy and they can even
remove waterproof mascara so nice and
easy I usually only need one and they're
not like a lot of facial cleansing
whites that I use where you feel like
your skin is quite dry afterwards and
that's the first thing that you want to
do is stick some moisturizer on they
actually leave you feeling really really
hydrated because obviously it's our
hydro boost range
the key is to keep your skin hydrated so
I've been loving these this is the first
thing I'll do and then guys what I've
been recently loving basically jumping
on the bandwagon of my seller water this
is basically a no rinse cleanser what
I've been doing is I've been getting a
little bit of this and putting it on
just like a cotton a cotton wool pad
thing removing the rest of my face after
the makeup wipe so literally this will
fully cleanse the rest of my face and I
don't need to rinse my face with water
after that it's literally kind of just
like a wipe away effect and wipe away
and I'm done after using this my skin
feels super super soft and super super
supple you know normally after I cleanse
my face I'm like it's so tight it feels
like that and it saves me so much time
because it don't have to rinse
afterwards which for me can be such a
pain because when I wash my face and
water goes down my elbows and have to
dry it's just such a pain so the
hydraboost micellar water for me has
been a must okay then what I'll do is
I'll go in and I'll use the Neutrogena
hydro boost water gel moisturizer I'm
just gonna open up and show you guys
it's like a nice pale blue color it
smells so fresh basically I will put on
a very light light layer of this after
that cleanse my face and that puts the
moisture back in my face as well as
locking it in and releasing it during
the day it literally lasts the whole day
so I use this when I come home and I've
cleansed I also use this in the morning
after cleaning before applying my makeup
- you only need a really light layer and
it's so lightweight it's literally as if
you've kind of like patted your face
with a cool towel and you just feel
refreshed and moisturize it's such a
nice feeling especially with this haul
where the guys the hydro boost range
actually works a lot with hyaluronic
acid which is something that our bodies
produce anyway the formula contains a
lot of hyaluronic acid in it and that is
what helps to lock the moisture in and
keep you hydrated for the whole day
which for me have been really quite
fantastic using those three products so
far has really helped my skin to bounce
back I'm quite happy with my skin right
now they do have
a few more products in the range that
you guys can have a look at and see
what's more suited to you and your
routine and your lifestyle etc but for
me it's been the whites the micellar
water followed by the moisturizer I have
also tried one of their other
moisturizers which is like a gel cream
so this is the water gel which is the
lighter texture but there they have a
gel cream which is a bit more creamier
and that one sometimes I'll use that
instead in the evening rather than this
one my skin is totally bounce back guys
from the move and I think I've helped it
to adapt to the kind of London
atmosphere and guide especially for you
girls who are so who are like into
makeup a lot of you guys are how do you
get your base so flawless things like
that the keys are having flawless makeup
is having good skin underneath that's
like the most important thing if you
manage to keep your skin healthy and
hydrated your your makeup will apply
amazingly it makes such a huge
difference so that's why I've been using
so far guys and I can safely say that my
skin has officially bounced back talking
of bouncing back guys I thought I'd
share with you a little story of a time
in my life where I pretty much had to
actually bounce back not just my skin
bouncing back but like I actually have
to bounce back from something myself so
a lot of you guys obviously you know
what I do you know I'm a blogger I talk
about fashion I also talk about things
that relate to fashion I also talk about
lifestyle month things makeup Beauty all
that stuff I talk about it all I also
design clothes because that is one of my
first passions in life so some of you
guys know kind of how I got into it but
a lot of you guys I'm guessing don't
basically when I dropped out of uni I
thought to myself I'm gonna do this
designing and blogging shenanigan
business at home and I'm gonna try and
just make it myself I'm just gonna do it
myself and obviously when you make that
decision you know it's it's kind of a
difficult one to make I suppose so
anyway back then I used the blogger law
I also used to design a lot of clothes
and I used to do a lot of styling
I was really into styling at that at
that time and actually what I really
wanted to do is get a job as a stylist
what I did was I applied for a TV
competition you have like a styling
brief and you put together the outfits
like a big competition and the person
who got through to the next round would
go on to the TV live show it was very
exciting and kind of like whoa and it
was one of my first ever TV experiences
I got through and I was super super
excited we were allocated a stylist
somebody who's already in the field
who's who's already successful kind of
in it and that stylist would come
shopping with us over a two-day weekend
period and kind of help us giving us
giving us advice and stuff on the brief
that we were giving so I had the grief
of putting together three looks that
were androgynous and to be honest with
you I found it quite difficult when
you're you know strong-minded like me
and then you have somebody almost
ordering you about not ordering you
about but almost telling you what to do
when you have to listen to someone else
sometimes you people like me don't
really like that so it was my first
experience filming and I ended up crying
on TV I just broke down because the
pressure was too much for me I would I
look back at it now I think God why did
I cry really like I mean why did I cry I
ended up crying on TV it's just so lame
like I cried it was something so stupid
and so the pressure was too much and
ended up ended up crying and the
producer was like this is great for
telly you're gonna get a sympathy vote
keep crying as soon as I started crying
as well the cameras weren't even rolling
but as soon as I started crying
cameras out let's film this and I was
just like this is horrible I really
honestly hated it and for me top you
know since then I've done a lot of TV
kind of work and I'm a bit more familiar
with it you know the ins and outs of it
and stuff anyway we finished the
challenge we've got the three looks
together and then do a live show where
our models modeled the three looks that
that we had chosen over that weekend
during the live
show I killed it honestly like I smashed
it I like I blew everybody out the water
up my three models looked amazing I've
completely fulfilled the brief like it
just all came together right at the end
and it looked amazing honestly my three
models look insane the three judges one
of them was Alexander Burke from the
x-factor if you remember and the other
one was Giles Deacon fashion designer
Ashley cotton and the third person was
like the head of new look or so I don't
know it was somebody in fashion
basically and they all gave me amazing
comments and I was like I was feeling
great you know I was I was doing real
good I was feeling really confident I
was like this is great my models came
out amazing I've got amazing comments
from the judges this is perfect and the
guy who was I who I was up against you
know he didn't do as well as me I mean
he probably I mean he didn't do well you
know the models the outfits in the end
look great but the comments from the
judges were you know he had a bit of
criticism from the judges he did whereas
I had nothing they were like you hit the
nail on the head with all three looks
mate they were all perfect so you know
for me I was like wow like I'm
definitely getting through to the final
100% I'm gonna win this thing you know
what I mean I'm on it I'm great it came
to the results and the presenter was
like basically I didn't get through and
I was in complete shock I'm not gonna
lie I was like huh obviously I had my
like smiley face on I was like yeah well
then you to the guy and stuff and it's
really funny because the presenter then
goes to me oh how are you feeling and I
was like oh I'm gutted obviously but
well done to Alex or whether his name
was for getting through yeah well then
to Alex well I was like oh obviously I'm
gutted and he was like laughing cuz then
he probably didn't expect me to be so
honest about it but it's really funny
actually because at the end you know
behind the scenes when we're all packing
up to go home
Alexandra Burke came up to me and she
was like you were robbed you were robbed
of that position you know and I was like
thank you can I get a selfie I
and then even John's deacon was like you
did amazing well done you've got you
definitely got a future in fashion and
so was the other lady and then she gave
me a voucher to spend a new-look couple
hundred pounds which I was like winning
I couldn't really let that really knock
me down and just give up blogging and
fashion altogether because you know
there's quite a decent competition and
to not get through after you know doing
your best and really thinking that you
produced something really good and even
having the comments from judges saying
you know this is amazing isn't that I
didn't let it you know stop me I just
thought well you know me the talents
still obviously there so I'm gonna carry
on as I'm going cuz obviously I'm gonna
get somewhere myself and basically guys
look at me now I'm very happy and I'm
working in the field though I want to be
working in and that's all down to me
letting that experience motivate me more
than ever I was just like I'm gonna just
work harder and I'm just gonna be like
look at me now yeah and just basically
what happened guys that honestly it's
quite fantastic community if anybody
ever knocks you down in life guys or
tells you you can't do something or you
know just puts a downer on what you're
trying to do in general don't don't take
don't let these things get to you don't
let what these people say have any
effect on you whatsoever you have the
control of your future the control of
you is all in your mind
your mind and your hands trust me if you
want something you you can go out there
and get it and and it might take a bit
longer than you first thought doesn't
matter if you keep going you will get
there in the end if you want it that bad
you will
don't let anybody take control of your
future other than you I hope you guys
enjoyed my little bump back story I use
that experience that I had to bounce
back and come back even better you know
guys I
you want to know about your bounce-back
stories so head on over to my social
media I got Instagram page I've got a
Facebook page and I've got a Twitter
page links for them will all be in the
description basically Dena Tokyo for all
handles and share your bounce back story
on there with the hashtag always bounce
back guys I've got a few bounce back
tips for you guys and we're gonna keep
it nice and fun so I'm gonna write them
on balloons for you first tip guys my
first tip is a bit of a long one this
oh my best tip guys stay motivated if
you can see that next tip face oh god I
wrote that Tara I wrote that all over
the place right if you can see that it
says face your fears and my last and
final tip guys the most important be
bold and bounce back it can actually be
be bold or beat or even be brave and
bounce back I hope you enjoyed my tips
for you guys and I hope you enjoyed my
little storytime and my new skincare
routine also I've got some exciting news
for you guys keep an eye on my Instagram
page because there'll be a little
competition happening on there very soon
then you don't want to miss it trust me
make sure you check out the new
hydraboost range it is a must-have in
your skincare routine thank you you need
to Dean up for working with me to bring
this video together and I really hope
you guys enjoyed it till next time bye
