hi guys okay so I wasn't actually going
to film today but I decided to in the
end because I just had lots of things in
my mind and I just like it's better to
just film it and get it out the way
rather than plan to do it in a few days
and then end up not doing it blah blah
blah
plus I've had like the longest day on
the planet I've been up since like 6
o'clock cause of Hannah obviously anyway
today's video I wanted to talk to you
guys a little bit about what's being
happening in the news lately about two
three days ago probably more when you
watch this video cuz both I'm an edited
blah blah somebody tweeted me a link to
an article about the situation in France
and how they may be planning on banning
the bikini the bloody bikini of all
things France wants to ban the Birkin I
think it's already banned in some places
in France Oh have funny I literally just
got a tweet going hey do you know what
do you think about the bikini situation
I'm literally gonna reply and say oh my
god I'm literally in the middle of
filming my thoughts same wavelength yay
so the link that somebody sent me they
were talking about somewhere in France I
can't remember the name of it but
there's a lot of North Africans that
live there there were families and some
of the women were dressed in bikinis
apparently some kind of altercation
happened about some youngsters trying to
take pictures of the women in bikinis
etc and the husband was kind of like
saying hey do that blah blah the regular
kind of thing I mean I'm pretty sure if
any guy who was with his wife and she
was in a bikini and he saw somebody
quite obviously trying to take pictures
of her he'd also have something to say
this is not something that just Muslims
would be annoyed wow I'm pretty sure
every guy would be annoyed about it if
someone's blatantly taking photos of
their partner or their wife or their
daughter or whatever you know what I
mean I would be pissed off somebody
sneakily taking pictures of me and I
would say something yeah it's a normal
set okay and as a result of that they
want to ban the burqini so they want to
ban women from wearing the bikini in the
beach so the article that somebody
tweeted me it's just talking about it in
general and actually it's not siding
with the idea of banning it it's talking
more in the tone that it's quite a
ridiculous idea
that they want to ban it which is good
obviously but article used my picture
which is fuzzy there because they
basically just scream grab this from one
of my youtube videos and this is a vlog
where I was in Egypt and I'm in the pool
with Hannah and I'm wearing a bikini if
you watch my videos you know that I
don't really wear bikinis because I
think the designs in general on too
great so I like to improvise so actually
what I was wearing was a cycling top
leggings and cycling shorts over the
leggings this is my first point how are
you going to ban the bikini you're
banning a woman from covering herself if
she wants to that's what you do you're
not banning a bikini because if I rocked
up to that Beach wearing that I would
get fined or I get told to move off the
beach blah blah blah but actually our
Turner I'm say okay but hold on a minute
this actually technically isn't a bikini
this is a cycling top I'm cycling
leggings I'm cycling shorts and this is
just a scarf on my head styled into 1940
started and so what do you mean I can't
wear this you're basically banning could
like how how I'm confused by this
because technically you're just banning
the names and bikini so basically all
companies that produce bikinis this is a
piece of advice for you guys don't call
them bikinis call them diving suits with
headgear included call them all-in-one
cycling swimming gymnast diving suit
call them all in one spot suit call them
something like that then they can't get
banned because okay if I rocked up on
the beach wearing a diving suit and like
a swimming head cap if they knew I was
Muslim they would tell me to go to them
that's a bikini but it's not it's a
diving suit this doesn't make sense okay
so apparently the mayor of Cannes issued
a decree forbidding beach wear that
fails to respect good morals and
secularism imposes a hygiene and public
order risk how the hell is wearing a
bikini going to be a hygiene risk if
anything is a lot more hygienic than
wearing a swimsuit or bikini fails to
respect good morals
what do you how is covering up my boobs
on my butt not respecting good.how
please explain this what these people
are doing the people that want to ban
the bikini and band veil and ban Muslim
women from wearing anything that looks
religious because we're saving them from
being oppressed and blah blah blah this
is just men telling women what wet again
and again and again but what makes you
different to the extremists that you're
trying to fight so much that are forcing
Muslim women to wear the scarf or to
wear the veil or the bikini or the burqa
what makes you any different other than
you're enforcing something else on them
why can't you just let women wear
whatever the hell they want to wear if
one of the reasonings behind this ban is
because it's causing altercations and
it's causing you know divide with public
and you know it's a and it's a
distraction for people and it causes
problems
why don't you ban one of the biggest
problems in the world alcohol how many
fights happen how many people die every
night how many people die from having
altercations due to being drunk how many
accidents happen from being drugged how
many how many incidents racial incidents
caught how many people get run over from
drink driving how many problems have
altercations happen because of alcohol
why don't you ban alcohol then cuz it
makes you too much goddamn money in it
Teairra me GUI i don't know how to
pronounce that i in french alright said
we are not talking about banning the
wearing of religious symbols on the
beach but ostentatious clothing which
refers to an allegiance to terrorist
movements which are at war with us so
are you telling me wearing the bikini
which essentially is just a diving suit
is what Isis wears do they wear that on
a daily I'm pretty sure they don't I
mean I don't see them in lycra her skin
tight all-in-ones I do not see that
happening with a lycra skirt over it and
a little I don't see that so the kind of
people who are in Isis believe it or not
actually aren't even going to be happy
with women wearing bikini on the beach
because they're kind of
who would still think that's
inappropriate and that woman's finger is
sexy as hell so she must cover it so
actually this is not pledging any
allegiance with any kind of extremist
people who were at war with you
whatsoever this is regular Muslim women
who are trying to enjoy a beach day out
with their kids and you wonder why the
French youth or the British youth or
Muslim youth in Europe in general feel
excluded or they feel scared or four
have confusions about their identity
because of Dumbo's like you the media is
at it at it like vultures of Muslims
from every single freaking angle now you
want to talk about how how you how can
you ban what's essentially a diving suit
okay stop imagine this I'm not on this
limb
I got a ski condition it gets really bad
when I go in the Sun so I want to wear a
diving suit when I go swimming out I
want to cover my hair cuz Suns not
particularly good for your hair things
like that you're gonna come up to me and
tell me I can't wear this and I have to
show my skin really are you really gonna
do that come on now how are you ever
gonna impose this brand this is anyway
and then the mayor also added I'm simply
banning a uniform that is the symbol of
Islamist extremism wearing a bikini has
now become a symbol of Islamic extremism
Wow do you even know what Islam ik
extremism is you are not going to find
any Islamist extremists chilling on a
beach with their kids having a swim and
playing with sand you know what this is
reminding me this is reminding me of
that video that Joey silence did where
it's doing a social experiment of how
people treat a Muslim guy and a
Christian guy and he's got the Muslim
guy dressed in a white so gonna be yeah
and a little tip achill Arab guy head
gear this is what that's reminding me of
how are you gonna do you know how many
Muslims are in the world how are you
going to say the burqini is a symbol of
Islamic extreme how are you gonna it's a
fashion it's a frigging fashion that
somebody designed to help the needs of
Muslim women or not even Muslim women
women who does
want to cover when they go to the beach
and swim it's a fashion it's a design
seriously genuinely can't believe what
the world is coming to like we're in
2016 this is the kind of thing I would
have expected to happen like 10 past 10
years ago even we're supposed to be
evolving as a were evolving but we're
just going way like how is it offensive
to cover your skin and not offensive to
have boot tits and butt out how is that
what is this what this is like what I
touched on earlier again it's just men
dictating how women should dress when a
guy sees a woman on the beach in a
bikini they feel threatened that what
they see is a woman and for once they
have to look at her as an actual human
being with a brain somebody that could
compete with them because they're so
used to seeing women and the first thing
they do is check them out or check them
out and the first thought that's in the
head or with their they're with their
mates or whatever the first thing
they'll do is go oh yeah oh she's a 10
oh she's an eight oh she's a four or
what still doing though that's the first
thing a man a stupid man will do anyway
oh there's a lot of men who don't think
like that and decent decent men that
actually have brains and you know think
about other things like oh where did she
get her bikini from judge a woman by the
way she looks straight away or not by
the way she looks because that's kind of
something that's something that
everybody does naturally when they first
see a person you kind of make a
judgement on how they look or how they
represent themselves right but these men
that judge women straight away on their
sexual attraction you know as object
straight away these are the men that
feel threatened that they're not seeing
skin they're not see they're not seeing
what they want to see it's like the same
men that don't like women breastfeeding
in public but they'll quite happily
enjoy a woman sitting there with her
cleavage out it's because they're seeing
boobs do what they don't want them to do
which is feeder which is feed a child
they want boobs to be a sexual a sexual
ill accessory for them instead you know
what I mean it's that kind of thing
know anybody who's agreeing to this ban
is number one a hypocrite like I said
the logic behind them agreeing is we
don't want you to be oppressed not in
France this is our country we don't want
you to be oppressed you have to be free
okay so in order to be free I must let
my nipples air then it's ridiculous it's
just an excuse it's just a racist excuse
its llama phobia has reached an all-time
high I never thought it would you know
I'm 27 now okay forget that forget that
it raise the age and I never ever
thought when I'm 17 I really thought
things would just be getting better and
better for Muslims when I was 17 I was a
lot more confident to go out in a
headscarf than I am now and that to me
is insane it's such a worry for young
young
yo I'm doing a marina Joyce right here
what's going on it's such a worry for
young young parents who are trying to
raise regular moderate decent Muslims
you know as Muslims you know and then
this is what the government's all around
all around the world want if you ask me
they want us to be scared to teach our
kids Islam they want us to be scared to
do it because even it not even just this
burqini ban like everything that's
happening in schools you know where
they're checking kids and kick what kids
are writing on their homework could mean
that there's extremism going on at home
and it's just ridiculous stuff they're
making us scared to teach religion
because they just want to wipe religion
out basically because they just want to
control the world Illuminati Illuminati
sorry
Illuminati is not to Isis one isn't it
anyway that's my run over guys those are
my thoughts on it my thoughts are it's
ridiculous you're going to lose so many
took so much tourism I really hope I
really hope you really do lose a lot of
tourism I really hope you feel the
impact on that because it's actually
ridiculous like there's an absolutely no
logic like just think about it okay just
think about it I really feel for you for
you Muslim girls and just the Muslim
youth in general you're just regular
people in France and you're having to
experience this kind of thing I'd really
love to hear your thoughts down below if
anybody who is watching who is a
non-muslim you know do you really find
the bikini offensive if you were to see
me on the beach way in a bikini bear in
mind I hate wearing it right because I
just think I look like a big black flea
and that's why I try and get you know
nice things so that I look a bit
friendly to the eye you know what I mean
do you actually find that offensive I
mean seriously
I doubt it you probably find it
laughable oh god she ain't getting a tan
in time soon that kind of thing you know
be really interesting to open up a
dialogue about it and basically that's
it guys I wasn't going to film but
filmed anyway thanks for watching
lemonade thoughts till next time bye
