hi guys over today's video as you can
see I got no makeup on my face
amazing right joke I've actually got my
eyebrows filled in so I do look a bit
like Angry Birds but don't worry about
it anyway today's video I'm finally
getting around to doing the full face of
highlighters only challenge I said I
would do this weeks and weeks ago and
I'm only getting around to it I actually
can't wait on the table in front of me I
literally have all my makeup that is
shiny in the slightest which actually
isn't that much stuff I think compared
to most people who do this challenge
anyway I'm going to be using this brush
set from vanity planet as you guys know
I've worked with vanity planet before
and I love their stuff this is their new
cruelty-free brush set called of the
palette that's so nice and soft loving
the Birchwood color on them as well as
you can see the roll out case is pretty
neat don't you think apparently the case
is also made out of light Chi fruit as
well
lovely after I cleaned them I was
actually quite surprised because none of
the thistles actually fell out anyway
I'm gonna be probably using the majority
of them today if you guys want some
quality but affordable brushes then
check them out on vanity planet I saw
that once before so get them quickly
before they sell out again I also have a
little discount code for you guys to get
70% off the original price is $100 but
with my 70% discount code you'll have it
for $30 use the code Beauty 70 at the
checkout I will leave the curl on the
website and description box
do you like my glittery top I thought I
would wear this because of the
highlights challenge and everything is
going to be glistening like crazy so I
went all out by the way I'm literally
just going with the flow for this look
like I haven't pre tried it or anything
I'm literally just gonna see what
happens so what I'm gonna do is actually
I'm going to use this sleek bare kissed
illuminator in Cuba with my NARS sheer
glow foundation which is in shade Punjab
and I'm basically gonna mix crap loads
of this with a bit of this and use as my
base okay Bertie Bertie that's a lot I
have no idea how wearable this is good
obviously is not gonna be wearable at
all knowing me I'm just gonna look like
a full-on clown off to it but it's all
the last I don't know buddy but okay Wow
look soaping oh wow
so Pete you were actually quite like
that for real life occurrences anyway
mm-hmm yeah I hope I don't get anything
on my scarf I'm be annoying okay this
actually feels beautiful right now but I
can see the shine guys I've got way too
much foundation on my face look see
Daisy to be honest with you I haven't
used this NARS sheer glow foundation in
ages man OH over the eyebrows literally
ages and then take another brush to try
and buff it in that's better
guys not gonna lie
look how seamless the application is
with this brush it's not too bad
actually probably something I would do
in general anyway now I'm going to go in
with this Becca under-eye brightening
corrector which is like a very pink
shine got it everything's pink today
isn't it so I'm just gonna use my finger
to apply this we've got some one my
lashes there whoopsie
yo my photos are gonna be left after
this lovely jubbly
eyes shadow base so I'm gonna put on my
lids for my concealer I am gonna go in
with this speedy highlighter stick thing
from collection I'm literally just going
to use it as if it was a concealer right
underneath will go on the sides of the
nose too because we are going to do
contouring we'll put some here we'll put
a bit here we'll put some down my nose
shall we now I feel like I should be
like a blending this is already looking
absolutely insane guys insane like a bad
insane not good and saying now I need to
set my under eye concealer I'm gonna set
this with the artist kichul glow powder
in the shade gold digger yeah what
should I set my foundation with should I
set my foundation was the same one no I
didn't go well I think I'll set my
foundation with a darker one maybe a
more gold to hide
crazy but I love it now I'm going to set
my foundation and my base with the Becca
highlighter in a pulp mmm I think this
is a bad idea
shall we just do it I'm just gonna place
it in case I end up contouring no I can
set it I'm gonna set yep I'm putting
this everywhere okay guys that's my base
done now I'm going to go in with some
contour wording and for this I am going
to use stroke of genius palette from NYX
I'm going to take the darkest bronze one
I'm not sure if that's even dark enough
maybe we'll use this middle one here for
my nose so that the nose contour is
light ish that work oh I just got a
humungous hunger pain okay that is a
disgusting contour what am I done I'm
gonna fix that
let me put more powder on that's
beautiful okay I'm going to take my
contour brush same shade to contour
everywhere else from a face look amazing
Wow I look like a you know when you go
to London and you go to like Trafalgar
Square or something and then there's
people like tinman people like standing
like that still you have to try make a
move I look like one of those cities
gonna look at me like I'm an absolute
lunatic shall I go to Tesco like this
Wow Wow for blush I'm gonna use cindy
lou manizer from the balm cosmetics so
it's got a slight now I can use as a
blood what I want about what should I
use for blush I want an O I'll just get
your diamond glow powder in Broadway
which again is a very pinky shade feel
like all the colors are just getting
lost in each other I'm just going to
click one big shiny slime ball how are
these other makeup artists ending up
making this actually wearable like how
did you do this but then you don't
really do the challenge pop because you
look like lunatics by the way if you
didn't know this challenge was created
by a Dubey based makeup artist called
Maria and she's the one who did the
video first and obviously she's the
original creator for this challenge and
her one turned out wild she was like
shining everywhere so that's how you
should be doing it really anyway you
should be going wild I want to highlight
the inner corners of my eyes so I'm
using this TR eyeliner which is a Korean
one which I got from a - tattooed house
I think I think I'm going to use this to
highlight the tip of my nose - ready for
highlighter I am going to use mary lou
manizer from the balm cosmetics this is
just insane right now do a little bit on
the lips now I want to work on my eyes
I'm going to take this NYX roll on
shimmer I'm going to put this all over
my lips cuz you know we're starting to
look like all one color so now we need
to add a little bit of crazy this might
take a while so I'm going to sit back
and relax for a bit now I'm going to
take very metallic looking Brown from
this Bobbi Brown palette but that just
you know run by here somewhere blend it
into the purple a bit fine line I'm
going to take this a fat Aiko London pen
and just going to do a quick flick
eyeliners done I've also added a teeny
bit of mascara but now I'm gonna add
some eyelashes guys do you realize how
much harder it is to do makeup videos
when you wear a scarf like bending down
to get just keeps flying in my face
sticking to my highlight honestly I can
never apply my eyelashes properly so I'm
just gonna remove you hope for the best
with this and then you can care of this
fix or not literally just for novelty
right now
is done you can see I just look way too
oily so what I'm gonna do is get my
lighting powder from hourglass cosmetics
and it's in ambient and it's supposed to
give you like a diffused light I use it
all the time in my daily makeup so I'm
just going to put a little bit actually
a lot of that literal all over my face
just to kind of bring it all in together
you know I'm going to line my lips with
this L'Oreal infallible lip liner I look
like a marinade don't my Hannah I look
like The Tin Man
yeah and then I'm gonna add this YSL
lippy which is like a clear really shiny
one and then I think I'm just gonna go
in with this revlon colorburst pink
again all over my lips this is max tone
I actually want a bit more orange e
going on around my eyes so I'm going to
yep still do more and take artistic it's
all luxurious cheek color and I'm gonna
see what that does around that section
we'll let's try it up here yet oh yes up
here yes girl yeah that's it guys we're
done let me come be closer for you
I look like maybe I could just be going
to a wedding I actually look like this
when I go to weddings anyway you know
what I need more darkness underneath my
eyes I'm going to take this butter up
stick thing from the balm okay this
actually looks amazing in the mirror but
I'm aware how it looks on camera
there we go guys that's it I'm
definitely stopping this is my final
look I look like a Muslim mermaid
I am the Muslim mermaid I am the one and
only Deena Tokyo the mermaid of the
Muslims Deena Tokyo hi Debbie mermaid
the first
only look at all of that mess Wow
so much my maid I really hope you
enjoyed this video where I look like a
melting I'm gonna go take some selfies
now thanks very much for watching this
video until next time bye
