hi so as you can see I have no lipstick
on today so basically my whole face is
looking quite large comparison to the
lips they're not filled in or anything
so I'm also sitting on a pile of pillows
as a chair because theaters put Hannah
to sleep in the room where the chair is
so I really didn't want to risk going
and getting that waking her up and then
not being able to film the fit anyway
just a little disclaimer I went a little
bit crazy on the eye makeup today a
little bit of a hot mess to be honest
with you we're just gonna run with it
okay good there's that timer that I
today's video guys
I'm gonna be talking to you guys about
their specific lipstick okay I haven't
come across it to be honest with you a
lot on YouTube a picture of the lipstick
is going around on Instagram Tumblr
Pinterest it even featured on Teen Vogue
I think and when I saw it I was
literally like I need it in my life
so it's basically a jelly lipstick with
a flower inside it and apparently real
gold flakes it's very very aesthetically
pleasing that's for sure apparently it's
very very hard to get hold of apparently
there's a lot of fakes going around
things like that but I managed to get
hold of two of them I'm pretty sure
these are not fake or anything because I
got them from the website itself I went
on the Instagram page for this lipstick
and then clicked on the link that they
have in their bio and ordered the
lipsticks I'm not lying to you now when
I tell you I literally ordered these
about 7 weeks ago not even kidding you
by the way I filmed this video the day
it's going up so this is literally today
but earlier then is now which is the
time you're watching but whatever I know
I literally ordered these 7 weeks ago
and they just came two days ago
I think they are from Hong Kong I
ordered two colors old at the minute
made one and I ordered flame red by the
way the brand is called Chi Chi Lee Joo
my Kylie Joo my Chi lead you mine if you
can see that obviously you can see I
haven't opened them they still got the
plastic seal on them because I saved it
for camera packaging off first of all it
says Kylie jamai the brand then right on
if I said Germany so I don't know if
this is a German brand but I mean I'm
pretty sure it's a Chinese brand
products efficacy product efficacy can
you can you guys see that the ground is
a little bit all over the place but
let's read it apply to the soft fresh
plant mix fresh and pleasant smell
improve due to the Sun the environment
make up an oxygen lips lips to avoid
dark black so dark lip gloss bright and
restored with uniform lip color I like
making them to improve fruit caused by
dry lips peeling lip wrinkles keep the
whole day without makeup does not fade
nourish lips so I gathered from this
that's supposed to be very good for your
lips and it will last all day and then
it says underneath calli Chi lead you my
secret jelly lip sticker oh my god they
spelt their own brand name wrong and
then it tells you how to apply it says
method of use first from the middle of
the lower lip hit a circle to the inside
evenly no space between inside and
evenly and a capital letter on the word
evenly even those in the middle of
centers and then coated with lip and
then says Kylie finished the United
States jelly lipstick I don't know if
they're referring to Kylie Jenner there
but it's literally spelled like Kylie
Kylie Jenner light sip lips so that
make-up effect lasting and then
underneath it just says Hong Kong rule e
cosmetics limited company authorized
production and then it says the address
which is in Guangzhou City Thai town and
there's a shelf life three years with
the dates and batch number Wow so let's
try the Minute Maid color first so I'm
just gonna open it up this is less than
I've seen it here we go
comes like this I lead you my and this
is the lipstick that is on the back guys
look that's quite good okay this is the
lipstick that is so friggin difficult to
get hold of how do I open it okay okay
then you just push it up I think that we
do or you push it double okay oh hello
fanciful Oh
okay hold up I need to I need to just
focus in on ditch my look at the bow wow
it's so pretty
Wow look at that guy's apparently Minute
Maid is supposed to be a pinky color
that applies so we'll see I wonder how
the hell this is gonna give me a pinky
color on my lips but just look wow it's
beautiful I just want to put it on
display okay I'm gonna try it guys so
ready ready ready I need a mirror the
mirror on the back of the case okay
ready oh my god is actually coming up
here
Wow okay although it says jelly lipstick
it does definitely doesn't feel all
jelly and wobbly that's for sure ah wow
this is actually applying pink I really
didn't think it would it's got a very
lovely smell to I feel like I've got a
luxury on my lips even though it wasn't
actually like Spencer I think it was
like $30 Wow guys I've literally just
applied it and it's come out so bright
from this this have given me that color
it's a very regular kind of moisturizing
feeling lipstick you know when you're
younger and your kids makeup has that
sweet kind of flavor now what is it like
you know this is like them those lip
balms that you get the sweet kind of lip
balms yo this is basically a lip balm
okay this is the lip balm actually
really nice I should have blind my lips
to give me a bit more
ba-ba-boom but don't worry about it cut
a flower lipstick for a nose Wow okay I
really feel like I need to be careful
with it because if I break look at the
flower okay I know I showed you already
but look at the flow and the gold flake
I'm gonna put this away and we're gonna
try the flame red color mm-hm wow I can
understand why the casing is so secure
because it's such a special lipstick
we'll just place that thank you you stay
safe darling stay safe okay I took the
pink off but as you can see it's stained
a little bit
so hopefully we'll be able to the color
properly flame red one okay
I'm so excited literally it's actually
worth the wait guys okay here we go
this one's got pink flower look I don't
know fester focus can you see I get up
guys look this one has a pink flower way
Nick Wow I'm hyperventilating just a
little actually here we are really up
close yeah I'll give you a little twirl
this is beautiful
if only food look like this let's apply
flame red see how it goes where's the
mirror again Oh smells gorgeous guys
honestly it's deafening all red is it me
or is this pink a lot brighter then the
Minute Maid one I think it is some more
on this guy's eye front in love it is
both of them together guys orangie
flower one pinky flower beautiful they
have other Jenny ones with just a single
flower and they'll leave the website
underneath and you guys can have a look
I actually remember ordering one with
gold flake and the other which was just
clear clear like light blue a journey I
think with a plain flour no flakes but
they sent me these two I'm not complying
in if it was any other brand I would be
but I'm not gonna wait to seven weeks
anyway so I'm just very happy to have
them in my hands why not literally I
don't think I'm gonna use these again if
I'm honest I literally think I'm just
gonna get like pretty looking lipstick
holders and have them displayed on my
desk I mean look just imagine look just
imagine imagine somewhere there I don't
know forward maybe watch out for that in
my next video anyway guys I hope you
enjoyed that video of me basically
getting really excited and unboxing
something I've been waiting for seven
weeks on let me know in the comments
anything else you'd like me to order and
try for you guys on camera I've got a
few things to try already but your
suggestions are always great thanks for
watching and I'll see you on the next
video
you stay there
