hi guys I'm back with another video my
lip gloss is taking somebody minimal
face today base brows bitter lips oh my
gosh why my top breath why do I ask that
question like I don't know the reason so
just get some flan
what people have been talking about this
whole week pretty much is Mac the makeup
brand and their most recent tutorial
that they uploaded and I think they
called it get ready for Sehun with Mac
basically Muslim Twitter has gone
berserk over this video and I have been
seeing so many tweets and so many memes
about it I've just been seeing a lot of
funny about this particular video but I
haven't actually watched it myself yet
so I thought I'd watch it o relevant cuz
Scott is like a pink warm eyeshadow
palette the Doodlebug her face though
how'd you get that flawless skin woman
it's a very quick into the tutorial I
mean okay there's not much to the look
it's just a nice warm smoky Brown kind
of look so like all the news outlets are
literally going mac cosmetics macht
force a whole makeover because no one
wants the glam at 3:00 a.m.
look at this meme get ready for a
glamorous the whole look in a few easy
steps what Mac thinks for the Sahu look
is versus what it actually looks like
then this kid over here how Mac thinks I
look for Sahul reverses how I actually
look that is the lovely bessemer in that
picture but not best my who tweeted it I
wear a t-shirt from seventh grade and
added ass pants if I'm going out for
some mac you are tripping to be honest
with you guys believe it or not I don't
actually have a problem I don't see what
the problem was
with that and let me explain why the
reality for most of us here in England
and European countries is not that
that's the reality for most of us here
in the UK and stuff however if you did
some Arab countries to buy for example
forget the buy everyone knows in Dubai
everyone's super glamorous and it's a
very glamorous lifestyle anyway so let's
say we go to Egypt ok it's really normal
in Egypt that's who is actually an
outing it's very very common like people
will actually get dressed or they'll be
dressed already from earlier but they
will actually get ready and go out for a
whole and the reason for that is because
you're in a Muslim country and things
are open there are things catering for
you in a Muslim country whereas here in
the UK or Europe there's literally
nowhere to go at that time to me the
only thing this whole thing is
highlighted is the fact Muslims are so
different around the world and it is
based on where you live your culture and
your surroundings like ok I get the
funny side of this because like being in
the UK like imagine getting up and doing
that so just to go down to my kitchen
clearly I mean if there's any common
sense here clearly Mac is aiming this I
mean they haven't said but clearly
they're aiming it at the countries where
Sahu is an outing and things are open
like in Egypt there's restaurants
they'll be closed all day and then
they'll open up for iftar and then
they'll close again for toey
and then they'll open up again for Sahul
and they'll be like a whole so whole
buffet going on it's like a it's a
proper thing and people make most of
time will stay up due to home and then
go to sleep after they pray get up and
start
today the thing is as well with Muslim
countries is that a lot of the time they
get let off work early so actual work
schedule changes for people to help them
with the Ramadan fast here in the UK
there was rest sort of like you know
halal restaurants open let's say at
certain times as a whole is still hard
of people to go and enjoy and that is
the weekend you have to get up for work
and do your shift you don't get to
change your timetable just because it's
Ramadan so it's actually like a good
thing that they did this because people
go out for sahur and they do dress up
especially like in Ramadan you know if
it's someone's birthday or someone's had
a baby in Ramadan or you know life still
has life still continues and Ramadan
things that happen so for example if you
if if somebody wanted to do their
birthday meal in Ramadan they might want
to do it in the whole time and you have
all the family around it's been blown
out of proportion a little bit and it's
mainly because not all Muslims all the
same and actually if anything this is
kind of like a good little bit of
awareness if you on I think because my
I've always had this issue with the
Muslim community here in the UK they
find it really really difficult to
accept the different ways that other
Muslims live without labeling it as
Haram or wrong but to me this just
highlights how different Muslims are all
around the world and how things are
practiced so differently and so
diversity that there is not one way to
represent a Muslim and there's not one
way to represent a Muslim woman
especially you know people always say to
me oh my god you've got such a big
responsibility because you have to be
this perfect example of a Muslim woman
you have to be and then they literally
give me a list like you have to be like
this and like this and like this and
like this and tell me how to dress like
it like literally everything and I'm
just like but that's just your idea of
the perfect representation and I'm not
gonna sit here you're not gonna sit here
and dictate what I do or how I live my
life because you've decided that you
want me to be the perfect representation
to be what you think is the perfect
representation of them as the women do
you know I mean anyway that's my little
um thing is hilarious obviously because
I'm in the UK if there's no
chance I read everything that but if I
was in Egypt or Dubai or Turkey for
Ramadan I would potentially be getting
dressed and doing my face making myself
look presentable and nice to go out to
go out force a whole meal it's perfectly
normal
it's not that unheard-of that's what I
think about it Mac good on you for
commercializing Ramadan like every other
brand anyway
unlike every other Muslim but ok listen
I know I do have my complaints about
things like for example hmm
and the more disclosing line but the
thing that the thing is that I get so
passionate about could have just been
better and I'm disappointed by it and
because it's something that I could i
potentially have been waiting for for so
long right but let's be real everyone
commercializes Ramadan and ade and their
and religion Muslims in fact are the
biggest to commercialize it just look on
Arabic TV like it's basically just like
doing a makeup look for any festive
season so they just included Ramadan aid
in the festive season which is fine it's
clearly aimed at the Middle East guys
it's so obviously anger that I don't
know how and he won't didn't see that
especially all the Arabs I'm like
obviously like how like if you are an
Arab from the UK you must have
understood that it's quite funny Mac do
you think funny ok do you think so calm
down with your blog camera oh ok you
don't I've got these guys set up just
here yeah Jonesy hi watch my legs
ok get it lower sorry calm down I'm
vlogging for sin Deena Syd and Deena so
if you don't know guys and there's
pretty much daily vlogs during Ramadan
on Cindy in the channel I'll leave the
link below guys well anyway I'm gonna
wrap this up I hope you enjoyed this
video let me know what you thought about
it even if it's different in my opinion
it's funny regardless I shall see you on
my next video ok till next time bye
