hi guys so the other day I was in
Sainsbury's just get some groceries here
there and I happened to pass by the
magazine aisle yes happened to I say I
actually just walked through it thinking
I get some free catch up on the latest
gossip in the entertainment world that
flicking through some magazines and this
one caught my eye mainly because of the
price one bar can't go wrong amazing so
what caught my attention about this
particular magazine is that's a lovely
Kim Kardashian on the front page there
and the lovely Taylor Swift I'm gonna be
honest with you I am aware of the feud
that is currently happening with these
two ladies however I wasn't too bothered
about that I was mainly picking it up
see if I could find out how the freaking
hell the Taylor Swift's get her lipstick
so prominent
that's so prominent don't you think I
thought I'd pick this magazine up and
flick through it properly with you guys
right here on my youtube channel and see
if I can bring you guys the latest
gossip but that this magazine has to
offer us and then you guys can decide
for yourself
if one pound is worth your money or not
Kim Kardashian is obviously made to
Kanye frigging West he really needs to
go east so the people can show him how
Tings is done put him back in his little
place basically he decided to get up on
stage and tell Taylor Swift that she
wasn't worth an award for a music video
because Beyonce was so much better than
her whoa
get over it carnie ever since then I
think they've been off with each other
and all that in recent events Kanye
West's disgusting music video came out
where him at a bunch of celebrities that
seemed to be in the news a lot lately
are all in bed together having one big
disgusting time and obviously Kim
Kardashian is the center of that video
with a big ol butt in that particular
song he said that he made Taylor Swift
famous I quote I'm a dead bitch famous
I'm a dead bitch famous I made that
bitch famous I made that bitch I mean
you didn't make a famous she was already
making famous and mega growing in
popularity but did make her talked about
a lot in that moment
you also did for yourself so shot okay
Taylor Swift is apparently super super
pissed off because he called her the
female dog word she isn't very annoyed
about him saying that he thinks he could
still sleep with her if that was me I
think I'd be more annoyed about that
statement rather than calling me a bitch
or making me famous
wouldn't you I'd be more annoyed about
that really no honey you don't just
decide like that also if I was Kim
Kardashian I would be super pissed off
at those looing I would have been like
checking Kanye's little notepad when
he's writing his looks what do you mean
you feel like you could still seek
potato now hold on a minute do you mean
if she said yeah then you actually would
what the hell you think I'm okay with
that like hello I'm Kim Kardashian why
do you want to sleep with Taylor Swift
like I'm the sexiest woman on this whole
frickin planet right oh look at this
it's war Kim Kardashian actually looks
pretty amazing here Taylor Swift just
looks preppy and innocent as she always
does she always explained innocent
doesn't she Taylor Swift although if you
actually listen to some of her songs
she's always calling people out in her
songs so it's a little bit hypocritical
her moaning about what Kanye West did
but anyway Kim Kardashian it's supposed
Taylor because she filmed the
conversation that Kanye West had with
Taylor Swift on the phone apparently
that damn my earring just fell off
excuse me one second while I fixed this
piece of shits on sale earring but I got
from Zara apparently telling her hey I'm
gonna call you a bitch in my next song
and I'm also gonna say that I feel like
I could still sleep with you is that
okay
and Taylor Perry went yeah I mean I
think it's kind of cool I mean it's cool
that you called me
thankou letting me know that you're
going to totally dissed me on big Lowe's
money from it thanks for that totally
cool you go ahead and do the King Kanye
I bow down mm to me like in that phone
call Taylor Swift was a little bit too
scared to say anything there and then
she's probably hung up and she was like
yo if he actually does this I'm so gonna
get my lawyers on it and I'm gonna do
things professionally guiley shoulda
just said there and then that would have
been interesting to see what he would
say if you turned around and said no you
can't say that in your next song what
the hell are you having a laugh mate one
day funny West would have been like oh
okay yeah sure I won't call you a bitch
in my next song I won't say anything
like that sorry Taylor I'm glad I asked
you because now I know not to do it
Yeah right he would have done it anyway
apparently in some states in America
it's actually illegal to record phone
calls like that so actually it could be
quite possible that these two plebs over
here actually committed a major crime
imagine if they went to prison over this
and that would be funny I mean if I'm
going to be really honest here I
actually think this was all planned guys
by all three of them to get them in
headlines everywhere even on some news
channels which is a ridiculous anyway
enough of that so crazy actually look
how much the magazine is written about
it and I actually read this whole thing
and I realized that they didn't give us
any actually new information then what's
already suggested in the title on this
page can you see Mila Kunis the title
here is Mila fooled us all with her fob
which stands for fake Bob in case you
didn't know you tie your hair in a
particular way to make it look like you
have a bob and most people really fall
for it okay maybe in this one she fooled
us it does look quite Bobby there
but in this picture it's quite obvious
lies just pinned behind her neck why is
this like a big thing about a bob about
a fob Bob Vic Bob Bob who can fake Bob
for nobody care really Oh
Barry M new strobing creams luminate
extrude cream for pound 49 that's quite
good
I might have to pick those up a new
first impressions for you what else
doing a video where you go oh Pokemon
more famous than Bebe's let's go it says
here's their Justin Bieber's little
feature in the magazine
we've reached peak Pokemon they're
officially hotter than Justin Bieber the
star went unnoticed on a Pokemon hunt in
a packed New York Central Park because
everyone was glued to their phones what
is the world coming to
can you believe it no I can't believe it
actually this is what Pokemon is doing
to people Pokemon is crazy to be honest
with you I'm a massive fan my brother
Yousef is completely and utterly a house
Hobbit since he started saying Pokemon
he's like yo Deena I'm in the British
Museum tryna catch pokemon what my
brother going out that's insane
all to catch some fake little cartoons
on your phone crazy this little story a
phone hello
is camila has a cutlery shortage okay
camilla had suppose cutting a slice of
cake and she didn't have any knife so
what she did is she went to do with a
frigging sword that's a sword in her
hand that is a sword in her hand am I
the only one here thinking if she was
brown this story would be called Camilla
joining Isis I suppose she's showing us
her creative side by using the sword as
that of a regular knife right and the
poor violin lady in the back there
absolutely pissing gizelle she's doing
what I like to call the cry smile kind
of goes a bit like this then we get on
to some fish on page it's basically
telling us for that wide leg trousers
are hot I'm so indeed a flare in case
you wanted to know what's in and what to
wear wear those
gingham yeah gingham is now a trend this
kingdom was actually bought on sale as
well and Zara for only ten pounds so
although it's on trend gingham is also
cheap right now something that I can
relate to you could say don't earn den
file head this supermodel is basically
why I look like when I wear a metallic
scarf which is why I tend to avoid those
in case you guys weren't aware tena lady
absorbs two times faster than ordinary
ultra towels hopefully somebody will
test those for us out on YouTube Jon
Snow gets a lad makeover you will not
even recognize what I'm about to show
you that is Jon Snow
what a hot mess oh he's filming oh he's
filming and you fail that's why he looks
shit you got you usual topless kind of
lads in there along with some healthy
yogurt advertise ation obviously and
that's it guys there's my best bits from
that heat magazine for fun pound I hope
you enjoyed this video guys if you want
to see more of this kind of thing please
leave this video a thumbs up I never
asked you guys to leave me a thumbs up
till next time
I
