hi guys today's video I got no makeup on
my face please ignore the red just
ignore the face also please ignore the
balding eyebrow I was trimming it and
has an accident with the scissors and I
tried to make them even and ended up
chopping them this one as well so anyway
don't worry about it I'm a mess it's all
good how flipping boiling is the weather
recently at least we cannot deal with
how hot is so humid especially in this
flat so I just have the fan on that turn
off obviously because I'll be filming
for y'all today's video I got no makeup
on because I'm going to be trying a face
mask for you I've been seeing this
flippin everywhere and it's basically
the manga talks soda bubble sheet
apparently you put on your face like the
ladies here and then it starts getting
really really bubbly and frothy on your
face and like doing crazy things I'm
trying to find some English on the back
of it it does have the ingredients in
English I've actually had this in my
bathroom cupboard now for about since we
moved to London which is coming on to a
month now I just haven't had a chance to
film it and obviously it's unopened
because I wanted to try it with you guys
on camera first you guys have mega-mega
been bugging me to try k-beauty Korean
beauty products so I went out and I
bought lots of Korean stuff I don't
really know the kind of things I should
be getting good K beauty products so I
kind of just went online and just did
crap loads of shopping and just picked
up things that look interesting to me
and that stuff literally just arrived
yesterday and I ordered it like a month
ago so this is part of a haul that you
will be seeing after this video well I
saw if my hands are like the purpley
pink tint I was messing around with
purpley pink dye so we'll get one out
shall we
oh the instructions are in diagrammed
actually what we're talking about so
says take it out put it on wait ten
minutes wash it off oh it's wet oh it's
wet oh no I didn't think about how much
this might make a mess oh I don't think
oh if you're so slimy oh goodness me
okay it's so wet and slimy okay is this
right should it be wet and slimy or did
it just smell in my cupboard cuz it's so
hot I have
okay okay I'm gonna put it on I'm gonna
guess is it okay so I'm gonna put on
like this
I'm guessing this goes Oh up here oh
it's in my mouth
ill ill ill ill oh I need to loosen my
scarf oh no no oh oh goodness me hold on
hold on well at least it goes with my
outfit oh wait wait let's make this
central oh oh it's so slimy ill ill ill
I don't like this this is gonna live in
my scarf I didn't anticipate this moment
no no no I most certainly did not
anticipate it's on I'm trying to flatten
it as much as I can okay okay it's on
right I'm being a perfectionist here
well
be honest with you once it's on as scary
as it looks it actually feels quite
lovely it's not really flat on my nose
they're good all right there I guess now
I just wait this is strange
guys I'm literally just waiting on
camera if you guys can see can you see
it's bubbling already
this is so weird what's the need of this
it feels though like if I smile too much
it's just gonna fall off that's what
feel like Oh can't we lick guys I really
really have been seeing so many crazy
beauty products lately and I have been
ordering them all and I'm just waiting
for them to arrive in the post coz I'm
just going to try them with you guys on
camera because that is the funnest thing
ever if you have any suggestions of
things particular things you'd like me
to try they are a bit weird let me know
this is really firming up isn't it I'm
not sure how long it's been but judging
by my camera I think it's been about I
don't know a three minute I'm not sure I
just want to show you something else one
second I also bought the carbonated
bubble clay mask
yeah but I'm yet to try that let me know
if you want to see me trying this on
camera too but I'm gonna guess it's
going to be very similar to trying this
so I literally look like a criminal
right now okay it's going on my mouth
and I'm not liking this so I really want
to be that's better
yeah oh I hope it sizzles my moustache
off I'll be good mm-hmm
I want to take it off now keep sleeping
on my mouth proof it doesn't really
stick very well I'm just being cautious
with my mouth so as not to you know make
it fall and end up eating it although I
am quite starving haha
have you noticed guys the top lip
section isn't actually bubbling like
everywhere else
oh is it cuz I keep touching it probably
I wonder do you check this out when
you're
done would you keep it by the way I
didn't tell you guys the brand is called
Medi he'll fly read out some of the
ingredients to you while waiting okay
I'll do that sir water glycerin coke
Nvidia pop rollin but a sodium cochlea
Apple amino acids de propylene glycol
Jason disap dialects in sodium l or√©al
glutamate let's see how fast I can read
coughing what glutamate metal pen from
Louboutin ether methyl professor bottle
ether hydroxyl you know sysm
phenoxyethanol cuz surfacing Karissa
likkle one to hexa medial profanity or
fragrance disodium EDTA
illicium verum a nice fruit extract
karika papaya papaya food excerpt
Vesalius radiata cedar travelers malice
aforethought aja cast ania sativa
chestnut bark extract disapper is kaki
leek extra Oryza sativa rice bran
extract like bran flakes katherine
boosting Korea's offal flour at fat
sodium high or Laurel or propolis
extract hamamelis Virginia
witch hazel Berkley twig extract
carbonated water not Pointe Noire 18
gram milligrams garlic tomatoes for a
mint filtrate pootle booty lien glycol
milk protein extract that's everything
that's in there so if you did want to
make this mask yourself as you can see
it's pretty simple
okay I think it's close to ten minutes
guys my top lip is bubbling a little bit
this looks so cool oh my god where's my
foam rubber need a selfie Oh one lunes
cannot take photo because I've got
enough memory so annoying acid on
snapchat it's still bubbling
especially my nose section oh I'm gonna
really wet on my scarf now update I
think we're onto ten minutes it's
actually started to sting my eyes a
little bit now so hurt my face just a
little like I'm feeling headachy
so I believe it's time to remove it
right it must be let's try and just zoom
in on these bubbles score be time to
remove I mean I
really up close it looks like it's
really really lots of little spikes it's
just a little bit annoying that you know
it's halfway down my lip I'm just also
quite annoying that it doesn't go all
the way on your forehead so your
forehead isn't getting any treatment
unfortunately but hey so I'm gonna
remove it it says to wash it off five I
mean I'm guessing I can just remove it
and then oh whoa no no no wrong it's
still all here I guess I'll just put
this in the bathroom and save it for
later oh I forgot to dampen my towel
hold on let's wash this thing off
finally totally ruin my scarf ruff mmm
horrible on the lips Wow my skin looks
amazing Wow this product is amazing pat
it dry
okay this is my face after the face mask
guys what do you think I can't see a
difference hold on let me just examine
this closely I guess I'm a little bit
less red honestly my face feels a bit
skinny so not skinny I wish huh honestly
my face feels a little bit sticky what
I'm gonna do now is cleanse my face with
my cleanser and then come back and let
you guys know how it feels feels a
little better but now I need to
moisturize my face because every time I
wash my face I have to moisturize so I'm
you can use this lush moisturizer that I
have and just put a light bit on if
anybody is interested in my moisturizer
it's this celestial one from lush this
is my face guys actually feeling quite
refreshed right now in the face area the
rest of my body is sweating like a pig
the pig in this carbonated clay mark I
really need to fix them brow hope you
enjoyed this video guys
till next time boys
