hi guys sorry if in this video I'm super
sniffily and making disgusting noises
and just sound all bummed up and gross
in general and basically it also be nice
hmm anyway today's video I'm doing a
humongous literally the biggest I've
ever done not fought haha I'm doing a
humongous beauty haul this is stuff I
bought over the past like three weeks
I'm going to say and I haven't showed
you yet there's a lot of high-end
products but there's also a regular kind
of drugstore products and you know what
I just need to jump straight into it
because there's that many things I'm
gonna start off with things that I
literally bought yesterday from Space NK
I was coming back from somewhere and I
just walked past a Space NK and I was
like oh my god there's a spacing K here
I must go in and go wild
so obviously I did that I went to the
Laura Mercier counter and obviously I
picked up the translucent powder I've
already taken out the box and I've used
it today and it's quite massive I'll
just shave the inside it's got like the
thing to lit little powder through not a
lot I then went ahead and bought the
invisible loose setting powder from
Laura Mercier which unfortunately is a
little bit smaller like literally almost
I mean I guess it's like a third smaller
and I don't know why I can't remember if
there's a price difference between them
either I just noticed that when I got
home
you get eleven point three grams in the
invisible one and in the translucent one
is 29 grams so and then guys I went to
the best and I bought a Becca
highlighter I got it in the opal shade
and I've used it today I went slightly
wild with the highlight but don't worry
about it I'm gonna be doing the
highlighter early makeup challenge
pretty soon so I'm just preparing you
gradually for that also from the Becca
stand I went and got this under-eye
brightening corrector and I've also used
it then I used everything
my face today this is a product that I
bought from the brand
Kevin aku your are Yan or Kevin ah Keung
I don't even know how you say that and
this is the neo bronzer and it's in
Sienna warm coral this is my first
product that I'm actually ever going to
be trying from this brand they had it on
display I think it's quite a new release
and it just looks freeing and amazing
that is some amazing gradient going on
I'm not going to swatch this for you or
do anything with it because I want to do
a first impressions on this product
because apparently you can use it for
many things I'm supposed to be quite
nice that all I got from spacing hey
guys the total chaos like two hundred
and something pounds and they gave me
these two free samples this right here
is a stem-cell superfood closer row deal
and I used it today it's alright I don't
think I buy it though so good thing I
was throwing they gave me this row deal
Dragon's Blood sculpting gel which
actually my sister has and I've used it
and I really like it so once I'm done
with this sample I might go purchase the
actual full ones and then I went to
Boots in Cardiff and I saw the NYX stand
there Nick's or NYX I didn't even
understand that they have in Cardiff or
it is absolutely humongous I mean the
choice was I promise you now I could
have spent at least three four hours
there but I have Hannah with me and said
forget Hannah and she was quite happy
there but I had Sid with me and he was
like we need to go eat forget this wall
right now I just picked up what was in
front of me and the god I can't wait to
go back and go absolutely while the
stuff that I've used from Nick so far I
am absolutely in love with by the way
this is my first time trying NYX
products as well so I'd rather if
anybody from NYX is watching this you
just send me everything for free that
would be great
first up from NYX we have the very
famous soft matte lip creams and I only
pick these up in two shades
unfortunately I did want to go and get
everything but I didn't have time I've
used these a lots and getting them this
is the best matte lip cream I've used
ever used the formula is amazing and
then I saw
all this crazy glitter stuff I'm God
knows I've been going crazy trying to
find good glitter stuff online I don't
know why I never bothered looking at
Nicks I suppose I don't know why anyway
I bought this right it's the roll on
shimmer
I just got show you the way it comes off
and the amount that comes off it's just
I mean oh my goodness okay I mean you
better believe I'm gonna be doing some
fun makeup looks with Nick stuff very
soon and then I just went crazy and I
bought the NYX wicked lippy in the shade
envy or something w I don't know but
it's a bright blue the pigment is I mean
I can't wait to do something crazy with
that and then I bought macaron Lippe
macaron lippy in the shade black sesame
I mean I've got loads of great lipsticks
by the way but every time I wear the
ones I do have they're very difficult to
apply and like you have to put a lot of
pressure onto your lips to get any color
this is literally so smooth and the
color is right there and it's a proper
gray as well it's not like a brownie
gray it's a full-on gray this is the
color I'm trying to get my hair right
now then I went and bought the NYX jumbo
eye pencil in black and in white what's
called milk but it's white really these
are amazing
honestly why have I never tried a mix
before the quality of stuff is amazing
and the price tag is incredibly
reasonable guys and then I went and
bought this NYX wonder pencil it says
you can use it as a concealer and I
brightener reverse lipliner and it's all
that stuff in one I've actually used it
to line the inside of my eyes a little
bit today and I have used it as not as a
lip liner but I used it to clean up my
lips at the bottom and it worked
amazingly way better than like a liquid
concealer would it just I mean I let you
just do it was amazing then I went and
got a crazy eye liner they've got some
crazy liquid liners like amazing colors
and amazing glit glitter II ones like
all the colors it's seriously like the
choice is insane mix is amazing anyway
and I got it in vivid delight which is
like a bright orange I haven't even
opened actually maybe I'll just open it
be alright here
I went and got this the curve felt tip
liner this is an eyeliner as you can see
it's like curved like this I'm also not
going to open this up for you guys here
in this video or anything
I mean I'd literally just picked it up
when I saw it and I was like this looks
interesting this would make a great
first impressions video to try out for
you guys so I'm gonna save it for that
obviously you can see I've got so many
first impressions videos lined up the
way I hadn't bought the NYX
strobe of genius illuminating palette
which is basically a bunch of different
highlighters if I figure out how to do
the other strobing with this palette
maybe I can show you guys a tutorial on
that or just show you guys me trying it
for the first time something let me know
what you want see I'm yet to open it so
now the next two products I did not buy
they were actually sent to me by
Illamasqua this is the new Vanitas
palette and it's like a rose gold
packaging here and then you open it up
and I still haven't tried any of these
you open it up and hear all the colors
this lipstick which is from their rose
gold lipstick and it's the moth shade
which is a very gorgeous dark dark brown
shade now everything else is literally
just like the regular brands that I
always pick up from boots and stuff like
that so I would have bought this sleek
illuminator and it's the bear kiss
illuminator in the shade Cuba and it's
very very peachy I'm wearing it today
underneath my foundation so I think
maybe that's why I might look a little
bit red or a little bit too shiny
possibly so the first impressions video
that I did with the L'Oreal cushion
foundation magic one I went back and I
saw that they have it in a glam Bron
cushion dis or less and since I bought
it I've been using this baby everyday
okay I'm use it today you know on most
days when I'm not wearing a full face of
makeup and I'm very very casual and
stuff this is so easy to bronze with or
even to do a bit of contour with and it
looks so natural because it's so creamy
and just go straight into your skin i
frigging love it then I would have
picked up the Revlon Ultra HD matte lip
color and I love this
the applicator is a bit rubbish to be
fair it's a bit the applicator look
at it and it doesn't feel great putting
on but the color is amazing it smells
amazing and it stays on forever and they
have so many other shades this is the
only shade of bought but I'm probably
going to go back possibly buy the whole
collection if I do I'll swatch them all
for you on YouTube and then from Revlon
I also picked up these two babies which
the packaging is kind of stuck on
although I have been using the using
them the stuff but you know what guys
I've got to be honest with you packaging
frigging pisses me off this is the
revlon colorburst it's the lacquer balm
and I've bought the matte ones that they
do the matte crayons that they do like
this before and they're amazing so I
thought I'd pick these ones up this is
like a gorgeous shimmery brown they feel
so nice on your on your lips as well you
know the pink one I'm not so sure about
to goes with you look that's me trying
to mix the pink with the brown it's not
that pigmented oh it was quite nice
actually on my hand don't day I'm all
actually what am I not using there okay
there you go guys that's everything I
bought I hope you enjoyed this video and
for watching until next time bye
