hi guys I'm back with another first
impressions video yeah basically right I
was in Tesco Extra the other day and I
came across the maybelline section and
in Maybelline they have a new master
contour duo stick contour and highlight
define and illuminate the V shape duo
stick and this is what it looks like
right here I've been seeing this in TV
adverts for like the past month and that
advert is very like oh you guys have
probably seen it as well so it caught my
eye and I thought I would try it
actually when I picked it up in the
counter I thought it's actually quite
tiny isn't it I mean like they always
look bigger in the adverts or whatever
but I when you could pick them up
they're too quite small look like here's
my faithful sighs look it's actually not
that big so however I think it is only
about 7 8 pounds anyway today I'm gonna
try it for you right now on my face I
just have my base so I have my
foundation on bit of lips a bit of
mascara and my brows done no powder
nothing like that obviously because this
is like a creamy contour so let's open
up shall we let me take the lid off and
this is what it looks like so it's
v-ball kind of thing one side is dark
and the other side is like a creamy
light color I picked up the shade to
medium I'm looking at it now it's
probably a little bit too dark for me
the contour bits probably fine but the
highlight bit seems like it might be a
bit too dark for me looks like more of
my foundation color but I'm just going
to go ahead and give it a go let's just
push it up and see how much product we
have hopefully it doesn't fully fall off
and then I ruin err that I can't even
use it cuz I'll be stupid still rising
quite a lot actually compared to other
contour oh I spoke too soon this is the
amount of product that you get it's not
even a full chocolate bar me not even a
full chocolate bar just putting out
there for like you know companies you do
contour sticks and stuff like that
really it should be almost the full
amount of this it
really I'm gonna contour why I
would normally so here Oh
oh it's a different kind of brown okay
this is like a ready brown it looks like
a ready brown to me okay so I would
contour here I would come to on my chin
length along my jawline I would come to
earn little bit on my forehead like that
like that like this I would contour bit
on my nose on the tip of my nose right
here and along the sides so we'll go
ahead shall we it's very creamy guys
it's a bit difficult to use the actual
point without mixing the two colors if
you know what I mean oh no you can't you
can't use it can't use all right
actually contour my nostrils I just want
to hide my whole nose basically now I'm
going to use the highlighting section
I'm going to put this wherever I would
use a concealer to highlight or brighten
so I'm going to put under my eyes
because I currently haven't done that
and I'm going to put it you see now so
let's go oh it isn't too it isn't too
dark at all it's actually quite light
okay it looks all right in front of me
why does it look really warm okay it's
not that war okay very clearly
I do like Maybelline concealers in
general because I use them to highlight
because they're very creamy so this is
also very creamy which I like a lot to
be honest guys this is looking like it
might be a good first impression because
of the fact that it's a very creamy and
the colors are matching me so I'm
excited bit of that do a little bit
underneath here
I wouldn't actually normally do this
much on a day-to-day but let's just go
all out for the video hey okay guys I've
got the contour and the highlight in
place so now what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna blend and I'm going to take my
Real Techniques contour brush and I'm
just gonna see how it goes
hello mr. Keamy condor still quite ready
contour though that ready for me very
blendable guys even though I have had it
on my face for a little bit longer
considering that it's still quite easy
to blend whoa I think I'm liking this
girl I really do god damn Tina oh god
guys I like it so far so creamy
Wow I'm so good at picking out my my
shade just like there and then what a
pro my nose
okay I think the contour might be a bit
too dark for the nose section but to be
fair adverse they don't really tell it
to contour your nose with it okay
excited I like it I like it a lot wow I
might have actually found something I'm
gonna use you know what's actually quite
great about this so far as well just
thinking about it actually I travel a
lot okay not abroad I travel abroad
whenever whenever I get a chance and
that's great but I travel within the UK
a lot like almost every week so for me
the size of it it being this small is
actually quite fantastic you know what
would be amazing
Maybelline you know what would be
amazing you better pay me for this if
you come out with it if you stick on the
other end a setting powder or a
translucent powder so you can set the
concealer that would be friggin great
now that would be what you call compact
guys I'm just going to come up with my
own makeup line and make the best
okay so far so fricking great oh I've
got to blend down here ooh
that's making my contour sharp go guys I
fully blend it and I mean quite liking
it to be honest with you I'm looking
pretty flaky right now so what I'm gonna
do is take my lighting powder from
hourglass which is one I use daily and
sets it all and then we'll see how it
looks when everything is kind of more
mattified I suppose it's learning
looking blender jumping off the bed some
dumping okay this isn't actually
supposed to be a setting powder by kind
of users one anyway because well
okay slightly more mattified I'm still
liking not sure if I've really mastered
the nose contour quite yet there guys I
always do this in my videos
I'm not picking my nose what happens is
I always get like the itchy inside
nostril I'm just gonna try my artists
Couture luxurious cheek color kind of
like bronzer blusher which I'm adding
over the top here because it's
summertime this is the final look guy
quite loving this v-shaped duo stick I'm
actually very very impressed however
we're gonna mix things up just a little
bit seeing as I've set my face with a
powder sometimes after you've done that
you've done your makeup you think
actually I need my contour to be a
little bit more chiseled so you like to
go in and add a little bit more so what
I'm going to do is I'm going to add some
more contour on my cheeks and see how it
plays up with powder underneath you're
not really supposed to do that because
it can be quite cakey but let's give it
a go anyway let's blend
holding up all right if you ask me me no
cakiness this is what it's looking like
but I didn't cake my face in powder so
don't go baking and then put in a cream
contour on top obviously what I'm going
to do of course is carry on my day as
usual I'll check in with you guys in
about two hours and then I'll follow up
again with another two hours and then
maybe I'll follow up at the end of the
day alright Sierra bit guys this is what
it looks like in pure daylight nothing
else I don't have my ring light on like
I did earlier um so yeah it's looking
quite flawless if I'm honest with you
and bye as there here is an actual
outdoors net and this is the Sun on me
there you go still pretty freaking and
it's been about probably been about
three hours basically since I applied it
sir
hi guys so it's been like I don't know
but it's basically half six and I filmed
trying this quantal stick at
11 a.m. I think so it's been about
almost 8 hours yes it's been almost 8
hours so is how it's looking
come touched up any of my makeup by the
way this is how it's all looking and
that's it basically I'm pretty much
gonna wash it all off now because it's
the end of the day to me cuz it got to
put Hannah to bed things like that so
but how it's lasted I am pretty
impressed and I probably will use it on
most days ended up looking quite nice
even even after I use powder so I hope
you enjoyed this video guys I definitely
enjoyed trying out this new product
don't forget to leave your suggestions
in the comments of what you would like
me to try next and I will go out buy it
and try it for you anyway thanks for
watching until next time bye
