morning guys dayz video I am filming for
you guys my 33 weeks pregnancy updates I
want to talk all about cravings and the
kind of things I'm eating because
there's a little bit all over the place
it's now about 8:00 a.m. who has been up
since 7:00 she's having breakfast and
the first thing I'm about to have is a
coffee but it's not a proper coffee when
I get pregnant
I suddenly want crap coffee and I go for
the Nescafe three in one I don't know
why and I really like it with coffee
baby is so packed instead of milk so
that's what I'm about to have to start
my day and I'll keep you updated
throughout the whole day of everything I
eat and how I'm feeling for this state
three week pregnancy update slightly
different format then usually just
sitting down and talking to the camera
more blogging style but first it and the
second actually
yep
still got it by the way hannah is no
longer gonna be going to nursery on a
Monday and a Friday and normally me
instead film on those days as well as
midweek so it just means that Hannah
will be around or in our videos just
have your little bump up date pretty
much for the past two to three weeks I
have been feeling huge literally like
like I'm ready to pop I get yes that is
a humongous pineapple you're right
oh no no no no whoo look how strong you
are so yeah I've been feeling pretty
much offer and really really down by the
way I'm quite stressed out about three
days ago I noticed a huge change in my
bump it basically dropped and it dropped
really low and I was like whoa and
suddenly I couldn't feel as much kind of
movement because obviously the head is
down because obviously there's more
space between my chest pretty much on
the baby
now that the bump is dropped that's
right Hannah it's so mad how like I give
Hannah so much tension but once I get
the camera out is like how she needs
more oh you're so big and strong that
looks delicious huh now I'm gonna have
to have some soon so but it dropped
pretty much for the past three days and
I was feeling really heavy and really
just like mmm why Oh cuz I'm already big
and strong yeah okay but this morning
I've woken up and it looks tiny and I'm
like woah hold on this looks like
smaller than a 28 then when I was 28
weeks and I'll just show you guys real
quick bump date so this is the bug guys
that's that's it whereas I'm not joking
yesterday it was here so woken up
feeling very very strange and very very
small another quick pregnancy update I
have started to get spots no no it's not
the phone it's the camera honey I'm
talking talking to myself oh no mama
makes videos for the internet doesn't
she no not Tita data means grandmother
by the way my mom know pop is upstairs
in the toilet that was like oh my god I
don't have one of those made just so I
squeezed it I turned into that yes
exactly
I'm talking to myself Hannah's crazy
isn't it are you excited to meet the
baby yeah and what are you gonna do are
you gonna play you're gonna beat stories
together that's nice oh that's very kind
of you Hannah goodbye as I was saying
but excited toddler to meet sibling
which is good okay I'll get you out now
I'm having some pine up on there guys
it's about half tail yes you are yum-yum
so how much ice Ollie's just mango
yogurt with some raspberries on the end
I think I'm really felt like eating much
this morning I just had that coffee Hey
and then gonna have this pineapple and
see what else I feel like later 12
o'clock now just made me enhance some
lunch listen don't judge yeah I really
just felt like pasta and this is the
only pasta we've got got peppers and
yoga as well come on chip with us
outside so it's 12 o'clock it's this is
gonna be a big loss for me that'll
probably my main food it's either gonna
be a really okay day or it's gonna be
eating loads of chocolate day so we'll
see I just was craving something sweet
so me and Hannah shared this by a girl
party ring minis I say share I had about
five I had about 50 right guys I just
tried to make myself look half decent /
presentable so I could just sit down and
talk to you guys probably about what's
been going on and stuff like that listen
it just ignored the actual mess and the
cluttered mess of this whole room but I
decided I like it cluttered and busy cuz
keeps me like looking at stuff this is
pretty much all the amount of makeup I
can fathom most days which is to fill in
my brows a little bit and hide a spot or
two also do you guys know that there's
this I've got this massive line in my
nose I've had it since forever but it's
really quite prominent in this pregnancy
I like I really notice it a lot and I
also have a line going across this is
like bony cartilage lines but I'm gonna
cross line going down so it's literally
made a grid on the end of my nose so
lips I got
honestly been noticing the most random
things so I was looking at the
three-point non-surgical nose things
that people do with fillers you actually
can't get anything like that done while
you're pregnant called breastfeeding
anyway so if I did that I wouldn't I'd
have to wait for ages right
that's an update can't be asked getting
dressed properly can't be bothered
putting makeup on can't be bothered
styling my scarf properly basically I'm
just done right now and if you are sit
which I wouldn't allow you to because
I'm sure we'll have a lot to say oh by
the way also still incredibly out of
breath although I have been losing my
temper like that and it's mainly over
cleaning and tidying and it's mainly at
a time where we're about to leave the
house we're like ready to leave the
house and everything's ready we're just
about to go and it's all good and then
suddenly something in me clicks and I
just want to tidy the whole house so
that it's spotless for our return home
the same day and so suddenly I realize
oh shit I've got 20 seconds physically
the car and I just do like a zoom clean
and I just have a little freakout like
the other day we were about to leave Syd
was like waiting outside for me with
Hannah and I did she just screened them
and I just lost it completely lost it
and then I calmed myself down and then
Syd came back at that he was like is
everything all right was and I was like
nothing I was in one of his moods was if
he says the wrong thing I will flip so
he did say the wrong thing when we got
in the car then and so I told him turn
around and drop me home and then I spent
the rest of that day while he was out
with Hannah I spent the rest of that day
cleaning this house from top to bottom
and organizing him like crazy
I mean I'm basically in esting mode
slash zone
hardcore not interested in work in going
out I'm not even interested in going on
holiday anymore jimbob's ten you guys I
want to plan a holiday my bit interested
in going holiday anymore the only thing
I'm interested in is sorting out this
house I'm buying baby products doing
that kind of stuff that is the only
thing I'm interested in and I get
annoyed everything also in my appetite
has just it's just this big now and it
got to a point in the last two or three
weeks where I was eating way too much
that was actually getting me down
because I wasn't eating healthy so
yesterday I'm I just made a little pact
to myself and during the Ramadan
actually that I'm not fasting but let me
try and use this month to be like quite
connected spiritually and really make an
effort with Hannah in terms of teaching
her prayer and just a bit more about the
religion basically I know I just had all
those party rings but when I say I was
eating unhealthy I was back into my
binging you guys know I've had like an
eating disorder and all that stuff
oh man I still don't think right about
food now and I really battled with that
and it really really affects me when I
get into that phase where I'm like
binging and stuff because it gets me
down and then when I'm pregnant
obviously the pregnancy hormones and the
pregnancy everything on top of that just
doesn't help like for example if
yesterday I was binging it literally
means today I will want to stay in bed
all day and I won't even want to get
dressed I want to I want to go out and
what wouldn't talk to anyone it affects
my life so much and I really have to try
and control that now especially because
I have Hannah so if I'm in that mood ooh
I don't want to go out and I don't do
this and I'm in a bad mood it means she
has a bad day because she doesn't get to
go out well she doesn't get to have mama
who's as fun as she should be
she get me I'm trying to not fall into a
binging and the stupid I think eating
disorder train of thoughts that ruin my
life and give me anxiety and affect me
going to events affect me where just
affect everything
pisses me off anyway that's what I'm
trying to do this month as well as just
stay on top of praying and main
priorities really influencing Hannah
that's pretty much it oh yeah okay so I
haven't actually been to see my midwife
since my 28th week update and it's five
weeks later and I can tell she's kind of
annoyed with me but I'm going to see her
this week I think that carried Hannah
till I was 41 weeks or 40 weeks maybe
even 42 I can't remember but I have a
feeling that this baby might come a bit
earlier between the 37 and 40 weeks I
think I'm feeling this baby will come I
actually also started buying some baby
things yesterday I mean nothing exciting
I literally just bought plain baby grows
as I remember last time with Hannah the
hospital I bought all these fancy
outfits to wear I just
to change their like 20 times during my
stay in the hospital which was only for
a day okay so I'm alright today and it's
Monday and I was all right yesterday but
before that for the last two to three
weeks I just fell low man and it was
really weak because I didn't experience
that with Hannah at all but with this
pregnancy I'm feeling way more loans as
in like mentally and emotionally I'm
hoping that okay if I go through these
low moments in this pregnancy even if it
even if I'm just down now and like just
depressed but once I have the baby I
bounce back then it will be worth it for
me because I'm really scared about going
getting into that state after I have the
baby with two kids I really don't want
to okay stop calm down
Oh what with you talking to yourself I
just had a temp second let it out all
over my tea shop anyway I think
basically I are maybe not see how this
is like talking to a therapist except
there's like no answer anyway so I'm
saying yeah I think maybe I'm stressing
out a little bit I'm just putting too
much pressure on myself to like
accomplish things before certain
deadlines and also I'm just like
changing guys you know I'm gonna be 29
in like two weeks or three weeks on the
6th of June anyway I'm gonna be 29
basically 29 okay
I'm basically hey when you're 30 you're
a different person too when you're in
your 20s and it's so crazy how much you
change other person like just have
different opinions on things how much
you grow how much your views on certain
things change so drastically as well
which is so weird
I've got really different views on some
things that I never thought ever would
change yeah it's just crazy anyway
there's a lot of stuff going on this
year as well a lot of like personal
stuff going on this year and there's a
lot of work stuff happening this year
that is kind of not stressing me out but
just means that means that I'm really
busy with it and then there's a lot of
personal projects that I just want to do
myself by just not finding time for it
just I don't know another thing I'm
trying to do with Ramadan not put laser
pressure on myself
religiously other then just make sure
you get those prayers done be connected
and mindful of God all the time kind of
thing and just forgetting everything
else so I can just focus on that and I'm
trying to apply this kind of train of
thought where I just I just don't want
to pressure myself and anything so like
even with work I'm like with videos for
YouTube I just wanted to be like how it
was back in the days where I was like
spontaneous and a bit more a bit more
passionate I suppose so I feel like I
need to just remove the deadlines and
remove the pressure all the stuff that I
put on myself pretty much really I just
loved it with them to leave actually and
do nothing but you kind of can't do that
when you're self-employed but I'm not I
mean I'm not complaining like you know
my job ham delay is really good and
really convenient for my lifestyle
because it's basically my lifestyle but
I think some people don't understand
also it can be very very difficult and
it's not as easy as it looks
not anyone can do it you're gonna be
really really really thick skinned and
this I was thinking about this the other
day you know how I just mentioned to you
guys you know I'm approaching 30 you
know what I really hate what people say
I'm a god you've changed it's like well
yeah do you want me to stay the same
20-year old or the same 16 year old
because then I would not progress in
life it doesn't make sense you know as
I'm kind of growing as human and
decisions that I want to make or
opinions I have that I want to share and
things like that
I can't just like go ahead I have to
like consider my life and my personal
life and my family I also have to
consider like all of you guys having
said that I'm also really excited for a
few things that I'll be announcing
really soon naturally and some great
ideas that me and Sid are working on
that will be coming up really soon as
well so I don't know this is my
pregnancy update take it with a pinch of
salt okay oh I've got cankles now as
well I've got swollen ankles definitely
basically I'm a wobbler I'm actually a
Papa penguin or dealer anyway guys I
probably will do another penguin see up
there I probably do one more cuz I'm 33
weeks now probably do another one at
like 37 weeks unless about the Big
Brother and then the one after that will
be with the baby
god-willing so yeah we'll see I think I
need shirts now let me know what other
kind of like pregnancy related videos
you want to see any suggestions are
welcome that's it okay thanks for
watching guys okay bye
