today's video I'm doing a one brand
makeup tutorial yay this was not
requested or anything like that I just
saw somebody else do and thought that's
a bloody good idea you know so I thought
what I'd do is I'd go to boots and I'd
go to the cheapest makeup section that's
happened to be natural collection I
bought everything I would need for a
full face that they have anyway and it
all cost me under twenty-five pounds my
goddamn nose is running I thought this
would be really quite fantastic for you
guys who need makeup on a budget oh you
don't have money or it's the first time
for you trying makeup in general so you
don't want to split up too much because
you don't really know if you want to
continue wearing it or whatever this is
the look I've created guys hope you
enjoyed the video and without further
ado we'll get started shall we let's go
so I've already moisturized my face okay
with my regular moisturizer first thing
I'm going to do is I'm going to go in
with the shine away foundation that they
have and I got it in the shade biscuit
I'm just gonna put some of my Beauty
Blender and I'm going to dab it all on
my face I hopefully I'm not going to put
on too much because I don't know what
this foundation is like just yet we're
going to start with a little and work it
up to a lottle Nikki dinki
this foundation feels more like a tinted
moisturizer to be honestly I'm just
putting that much on for now guys I
hadn't actually done that much coverage
but we will build up that coverage as we
go along so don't worry about it
now I'm going in with the natural
collection concealer in shade medium
also two pounds guys I'm not going to
lie right when it comes to some makeup a
lot of it is overpriced for no reason
okay but when it comes to other makeup
you know like really really cheap makeup
you really do
get what you pay for and for natural
collection if I was going to give a
little review the quality is not great
honestly it's not great and for me I
would much rather spend a little bit
more what's this spot it doesn't have to
be fully high-end but a little bit more
on things like maybe L'Oreal or boudoir
stuff like that and just get a little
bit more quality but I'm just showing
you guys this brand to show you how
workable it is if you literally ask it
what you want you make ups so then we go
ahead blend and with this concealer I
tried it the other day and normally with
my concealer I wait a little bit before
I blend but I found that with this one
if you do that it literally changes
color so I decided to blend straight
away because I just wasn't feeling that
whole change color business I'm gonna go
in with a second layer of key foundation
and blend it to swim my concealer stops
pretty much now I am going to go in with
the natural collection loose powder and
it's a translucent one so we're not
doing no bacon or Nothing actually we
might actually have to do a bit of
baking for this run because it needs
that kind of extra it's gonna put it all
over my face first and then I'm gonna
bake under my eyes might just do a
little bit over here too
we're just gonna leave that on our face
while I do my eyebrows maybe just gonna
brush them upwards a little bit as you
can see I'm trying to grow my brows what
I did actually is I bought this duo
eyeshadow set it's in Makkah latte it's
a dark brown side and like a creamy side
so I'm gonna use dark brown side for my
Browns okay and I'm not going to think
too much about my brows I'm just going
to fill them in quite likely
a really good tip for eyebrows when
you're using a product that maybe isn't
that pigmented like this for example
because it's on the cheaper side is just
to dampen your angled brush a little bit
and then dab it in the product and it
will be a lot darker I'm defining on the
eyebrows does that make sense okay I
think that will do for now on to the
next brow
this eyeshadow duo little palette they
actually have a lot of colors in and a
lot of choice so you can obviously match
the shadows to your particular eyebrow
color and stuff okay I think we're good
with the Browns
just going to get some of the dark brown
and use it as an eye shadow just here in
the crease of my eyes like that like
this legs out very lightly guys I'm also
going to bring it underneath my eye and
when you look in the mirror and you
apply your makeup there's like funny
angles you doing stuff but when you're
filming you have to do it like this and
it's very difficult that's why in
tutorials my makeup is never on point
but sometimes in other videos and
pictures it is okay now I'm going to
take my little finger and I'm going to
use the cream one to Pat that all over
my lids let's put some under our brows
as well my powder underneath my eyes has
been there long enough so I'm just
brushing that off now what we're going
to do is we're going to go in with the
natural collection liquid liner it's
very very fine like incredibly fine so
I'm going to start on the edge and then
draw upwards like so look I find that
liners then I'm going to look down and
I'm going to join the end to my lid okay
now guys I am going in with an eyelash
curler eyelash curlers never really make
a difference with me but I just do them
in case one day they change their mind
now we're going in with the natural
collection mascara honestly it's not bad
it's not bad for a cheap mascara I'm
just going to coat my lashes very very
lightly because we are going to be
wearing falsies they're not natural
collection falsies but they are cheap so
ok whyme on the skull is drying I'm
going to go in with the natural
collection Sun tint bronzing powder oh
my god last night me and Sid were on
YouTube and we're watching you know
videos and stuff kind of forgot rice
something right and basically what he
does is roasting videos and it's the
funniest thing on this planet and then
Ryan Higa created a challenge where you
have to roast yourself basically so all
the big youtubers are doing it and
they're really really funny so me and
Sid thought you know what let's roast
each other on Sid and Dena so watch out
for that very soon I just need to write
my lyrics I find that when I highlight
the tip of my nose like every other
beauty blogger it just elongates it like
crazy and I don't want to make money as
longer because it's long enough this
what we're doing is we're going in with
natural collection white eyeliner and I
think these are great they really are
just lining my waterline with that when
you apply your white line now you have
to make sure that everything else is a
fully dried otherwise if your eyes water
and it leaks through you end up with
gray line and I heard that look how
bright their white liner is that's
probably my favorite product from what
they have actually so far now
I actually bought this cream blusher in
the color apricot and I have
try it yet so I'm just gonna give it a
go we'll see how it works because the
thing is I've already put powder on it
so it might be a absolute fail but let's
just give it a go anyway
no dab dab dab DVD dubbed up so nice but
a lot I do actually
yes as usual guys natural collection
doesn't have a match line but I have
some reasonably priced lashes and these
are Ardell wispy let's just go ahead and
glue up them laterals run him the band
on them is super super thin as well guys
so it makes a lot easier for application
processes okay it always says on eyelash
packages to wait 20 to 30 seconds for it
to dry trust me that's not long enough
man honestly you need to wait like a
minute 20 seconds is a mulcher to
breathe the hot breath on it so it dry
sticker guys you guys haven't seen Choji
in a long time he just came in whining
he wants attention cuz hano sitter
asleep sir
then I jus T last time I did this he was
a kid no see hello said look hi Choji my
lashes are applied what I'm gonna do now
is go back in with the eyeliner and just
touch it up from where the glues been
applied and stuff like that and then on
this time now what we do go in with lips
and I'm gonna take this natural
collection lip liner in espresso that I
hadn't sharpened so you really should do
that but you know me Yolo now when you
get to this point it's up to you what
you want to do you want to over line
your lips you over line your lips you
don't want to do what you don't do it
but whatever you do don't ever underline
your lips
bet you any money
underlying lips is going to become like
a trend soon literally everything's a
trend now it's just so funny go ahead
and get a natural collection lip gloss
and this one is called caramel shortcake
and I'm going to mix it with this lip
line and see how it turns out I've no
idea if this is gonna work or not but
let's give it a go hi it's going to be
nice I can tell it will be nice yet I
love mixing pink with a brown base I
love that guys I really want to start
doing
like fun creative makeup looks like just
fun like obviously not to go out in
lovely jubbly
those are my lips done one final thing
guys and that is this eye shadow and
it's called barley we're basically going
to use this as our highlighter with this
little brush as I have w divi divi divi
WWE and I'm just gonna go why oh just
run with it guys run with it oh yes we
must highlight the inner corners of our
eyes so I'm gonna do that with my little
finger with the white side Oh daddy
works really good this concludes my
little one brand makeup tutorial on a
budget all the products I've used today
combined are under 25 pounds bargain rub
so that's it guys that's the full look I
hope you like it
woo woo I like it a lot it's totally
wearable for everyday uni college work
whatever they had it is this is totally
wearable if you guys are just starting
out experimenting with makeup as well
let me know if you guys would like to
see more one brand makeup tutorial I
would love to do them I like doing them
but I need you guys to tell me to do
them otherwise there's no point right
maybe you want me to do a more high-end
brand whatever it is make sure you eat
in the comments I'll do it for you I'm
totally doing requests from now on is so
much fun okay so yes without further
adieu thanks for watching guys I'll see
you in my next video bye
