so laugh of you guys I'm just getting
Hannah's eggs ready
couldn't find a scarf booyah big top all
in one you know what I'm saying
basically we've got exactly one week to
move and we need to start packing things
up I haven't packed anything up and in
here see all that stuff on the floor
that's the amount of washing we have to
do we gotta sell the fridge we're gonna
sell the washing machine there's so much
stuff to do morning guy that noise in
the back is the vacuum white noise that
Sid listens to any sleep I don't know
when and how this happened but somehow
things managed to turn both of my bacon
stocks into kitchen flip-flops I'm
online with HSBC because I need to make
a payment that needs to be authorized so
I thought I'll do the live chat because
it says they can do it there and he
basically just said please call us and
we can authorize that so I said okay
what's the point of the Chaplin he stays
there are certain things you still need
to call for a specialist team need to do
this for you okay this is sorry for any
inconvenience is there anything else I
can help you with you know on a call
mate no chat bro I don't even know what
day's love it's Wednesday we still
haven't packed anything sin and Hannah
are having a nap it's Anna's first
morning that by the way the routine is
basically she wakes up at like 6:00 a.m.
oh look I go with the Sainsbury's back
plays for like two three hours has some
boob and then has a morning nap for
about an hour or sometimes even two if
I'm lucky with sit she will only have
enough with Syd because Holland doesn't
have naps for very long where you put
her to sleep and then put her down she
stays asleep like that for like ten
minutes but when she's sleeping with
likes a door with me she sleep for like
an hour adieu
I've got to try and give Hannah so much
old breakfast food instead of just milk
the past two days she's eaten she's been
eating ham dilemma a lot she's eaten
like willingly not for said I don't
force-feeding whether they said likes to
bet her out with the ball and get the
food in and he doesn't like to let her
make a mess and stuff and I'm like yo
food eating should be fun so I like let
her sit and Chuck food around and laugh
so yesterday she had her breakfast and
her lunch they out in the garden on a
map and I was just kind of like leaving
the food day and then offering a spoon
every now and then that she was going I
was like yes the whole point of this
section of ruggles for me to tell you
yes it's Wednesday supposed to be moving
on Monday and we are yet to pack
anything up and we're yet to sell the
fridge or the worship like me instead of
king and queen of last minute oh by the
way this is how Hannah currently bathes
in a bathtub on the dining table and how
disgusting am i this is her bathroom
yesterday and I haven't even emptied
that emptied it out I'm so vile normally
you know when she was a lot younger she
bathed in the sink how funny she's no
way she could even Finland oh he's so
exciting so the new place has a bathtub
by the way we don't have a bathtub
upstairs which is have a shower so I'm
so excited I'm excited to have a bar I'm
excited to give Hannah robust sup need
you to family we're on the way to get
boxes we realized me and sit this
morning we're like okay we really start
you know we're gonna get packing and
doing things and then we realize that
all I admit it we don't have anything to
put anything in other than a couple
suitcases so we're like okay this is the
plan go get boxes put ting into boxes
and ting will start happening the tink
in it Hannah yeah served well I need to
shake
I think this handy just hit that about
the box of guys what the heck is this no
idea happens music on my phone
hua hua Habibi
hey I see a duel over go Buster should
hire tea hey they're all hit it we're
gonna test them out guys
are you
I'm just packing my clothes up guys
still got everything in these drawers
does all my scarves and they're still
gonna do it's all got to do the rest of
I'm there and still gonna do all of that
shoes and bags gonna be going in there
and in another tall box over there it's
just slightly crazy basically on to
suitcase number three guys it's Saturday
guys and we're on the way to Cardiff
me and Hannah main man Chaplin
Manman Choji
mean mother but there we get scarred it
while stood and hasn't stay home I got
you spot and move all of our stuff good
luck to them good luck guys
morning guys I'm in where yes obviously
as you know right anyway join my
sunglasses
a Turkish designer gave me these while I
was out in Istanbul for modest fashion
week and they're just so sick look at
the side and this bit you can flip it to
go in here if you wanted a bit of a
different look pretty cool debt right I
know I showed you Hanna's bracelet
didn't I look Hanna's wearing my
bracelet from when I was a baby when I
was her age she can finally fit into it
do you like my new bag guys it's Persian
Kim from Iran it's new in on do see
doctor at UK so check it out we are
going to hobby craft we're going to
Tesco we're going to staples because
mama needs to get some bits and bobs I
basically need to go and get some bits
and bobs craft stuff so that I can make
my Instagram pic basically I'm about to
hit a million Instagram in short law
very soon so I need to make like a
celebration kind of photo because it
can't just be any picture like Oh selfie
goes oh yeah here Johanna can't just be
like oh yeah hit Amelia thanks Posie
looking all nice it's got to be like a
proper good creative hose I take time
doing where you going no staying oh
that's a bit dangerous though yes Oh
your socks are way too small for you
love guys I never actually told you but
yesterday I was getting ready and had
Hannah on my lap and I was putting on my
bronzer or blush or whatever hell it was
next thing I know Hannah's dived her
hands into it I'm fully scraped in she
just got these like bronzer finger
Nelson
that's my story
today my outfit Victor's are on this
back wall in our little garage always
happens you know when you get a good
location and stick pictures they're not
popular as not as popular and really
rubbish one is that you do in like the
garage
those are my dad's Kooks look at
everything I bought today let me just
quickly do a little quick haul for you
guys
got three magazines I'm gonna used to
cut up and I got freebies in my
magazines I've got black eyeliner pencil
from the brand model and this is what
I'm excited about
I got a phat ICO liquid liner that's
exciting then I got some coloring pens
some glittered which I just thought why
are these not eyes shadows and then I
got some buttons I got some letters I
got some gems
I got some funky day I got some more
letters I got some stickers
I got a glue gun got some cheap glue
then guys I got a pack of face paint
remember when you were kid and you have
face paint just though let me try some
of this for makeup like blue eyeliner
and pink eyeliner stuff alack cuz why
not
today's if tour could see your mama okay
go you just ruined it alright alright
the data's work matched there has a
nicely finish
