hi guys it's been absolutely forever
since I sat down in my room like this
with my ring light put on a good face
and started filming so it feels a little
bit weird for me I'm not gonna lie from
time to time I get loads and loads of
free makeup yeah cuz companies like to
send them to me so I can review them or
just so I can use them now and they're
you know
so why I sell sent me some of their new
collection of lipsticks okay and these
new colors are from the Vil up to shine
lipstick collection and there are twelve
new colours that they set me in fact
they probably not new anymore they sent
these to Eve probably about a month and
a half almost two months ago I think
that's how long they've had them and
that's how long I have not used them
because I've been waiting to get a
chance to sit down and film and swatch
them on my lips for you guys so that's
what I'm gonna do today I'm just gonna
take them all out with packages first
I'm still about your typical makeup
person like I'm so messy okay ready
here they all are what is on my lips
right now along with a lip liner is
number 46 our belief and here's what it
looks like guys yeah I can't describe I
can tell years ago oh there I scrolled
it see it's Kurama teeth they're totally
different to your usual kind of what's
going around right now you know the
liquid matte lipsticks totally not that
they're very moisturizing shiny ish lip
which i think is refreshing especially
since I've been wearing liquid matte
lipsticks almost every day now
okay I've zoomed in a bit for you guys
so you can see the lip color more don't
mind the moustache that I did not works
or anything anyway there's number what
it says love it please excuse what I'm
removing with it's a t-shirt next we
have color 48 and it looks like this
oh this one smells like watermelon so
this is the 48 colors like a plum II
color but it's not too in-your-face what
you think quite like that one I've got
to show you this is a like oil stick
which is like fully clear basically and
I think what you do is you should put
this on first of all the colors really
oh I suppose you could just use it like
a gloss ooh a lot well I want to keep
this one on just a shame I'm gonna take
it off for the next one take
well that was number 42 okay next we
have this wicked crazy bright one it's
number 49 and it's like dear oh good
just pink I miss a good hot pink like
the makeup market has been overcrowded
by so many Browns and nudes and all that
stuff Oh a bright red if you like small
pink like a really dark pink oh I
just merged oopsie I think actually I'm
not a massive fan of this color I think
when it comes to a red it's better to
have it more a bit deeper or more matte
maybe even more matte or either
incredibly shiny not kind of in between
color number 41 it looks like this this
one's a lot more natural
ooh this is the color I'm leaving for my
makeup first today what should put this
one on last sense I could do the bloody
intro with it so that's kind of 41 so
far my fave I still have a bit of smudge
here she's ignore it we have shade 44
and it looks like this I think it's
gonna be another favorite
mine whoo
oh no I like this one more with this
makeup look it's a very similar to the
one I had on just before this but it's a
little bit lighter okay next we have
Jade number 50 and it looked like this
already Wow this is a crazy pic this
seems to be the brightest pink of them
all so let's get straight to it I love
it
basically if your hair is like a blonde
shade like my scarf all of these colors
are gonna look great so far I love all
of them with my scarf
Jade 41 and it looked like this it's a
lighter pink pinky peach I'm gonna say
okay I'm definitely liking these last
colors more than the first lock shade
number 51 and it's another pinky one oh
good I like this one to die like my
makeup by the way okay last guys but
most certainly not least it's shade
number 43 are you ready ready
and that my friends is the final color
what do you think so if I was gonna pick
four of my favorite I'm gonna go for
this clear one which was shade number 42
shade 47 witches of that one and I would
go for shade number 43 which is this
pinky one and then finally I'd go for
this more natural color which is shade
44 and it looks a bit lighter but it
guys thanks for watching this video I'm
sorry I've been so a wall the past few
weeks but so much has been going on me
and say it as you know if you watched my
snapchats and stuff we've been in London
almost every week doing bits and bobs
we're also trying to move house and
things are just a little bit crazy at
the moment but in Charlotte give me a
few weeks and I'll be back on it so
anyway enjoy the rest of the day fasting
guys and all that have a nice iftar
though without further ado I'm going to
live you all now till next time peace
