hi guys Ramadan Mubarak Anna and
everybody else watching it's the first
week of Ramadan it's been a pretty crazy
week for me and Siddeley did and
basically we're in London and we just
checked out a Premier Inn in heading
dead as you guys know we're trying to
make the move to London and we're
finding it actually quite difficult
unless you're happy to live in absolute
shithole stop swearing man we're sorry
sorry I need to work on that what I want
to say is original you came to London
because yesterday was the launch of an
Instagram exhibition and basically I'm
part of it Instagram asked me to be part
of the exhibition and I was like her
only us and I supposed to go to the
launch yesterday but we didn't because
booboo felt a little bit poorly
basically she was constipated because of
all the trouble we've been doing and
finally humble air she managed to let
one out
the exhibition is open today for anyone
to go to so we're going to go check it
out obviously cuz I'm not leaving London
without taking a picture next to my
picture in the exhibition we just viewed
a property and basically is an absolute
shithole so with we're close to giving
up on moving to London to be honestly
we're close and then just trying to move
to Cardiff or you know what I think
we've killed like that to be honest I
think we're just gonna look to Karthik
whatever month basically we moved
learned a lot because well a lot of my
works and I just went to an agency in
London which means I'm in London all the
time so just sucks that I've travelled a
lot because obviously have a baby so
it's just easier to move because
something that could have been like an
hour thing doesn't have to be a full-day
thing you know I mean
oh well it's not meant to be it's not
meant to be anyway we parked up down
Willesden paid parking and now we're
getting on the tube to go to see the
exhibition alright and by the way by the
way just so you guys know I'm not
fasting because the breastfeeding is
draining me and we travels from
Birmingham so I'm just like I'm not
gonna put myself through it because I
just can't when I'm breastfeeding so I'm
really gonna try and fast when I'm at
home
with Hannah and I'm at home and just
going out by the house rather than
traveling long car Jennings and all that
so there's that as well
feels rubbish about that because you
can't really enjoy that Ramadan
atmosphere either which sucks it's still
mad the last time we moved what also in
Ramadan which are so annoying it just so
happens to be in Ramadan in the summer
well we're here guys it's the outside my
story UK hashtag let's go check it out
these are some of the other women that
included oh yeah we like this one
because she's about fighting me
I don't say it trick or tillu mania
which is something that I've actually
been to herself
Mussa image this is
if you to embody chains
Lawrence
hey come Dena Dena
Oh
this is dressing a local mom I follow on
Instagram she does with cool mom stuff I
love it
guys this is also part of the gallery
it's basically just showing you Tyler
you know how much pampering women need
in the news and stuff yeah tell you guys
what the inhibitions about basically
they pick 24 women who use Instagram as
a platform to share their story and I'm
one of those women just so exciting
makes it what's your story then
humpty-dumpty guys I've got to tell you
how much I like that one unfair story
the hashtag normalize breastfeeding
movement know how I feel about
breastfeeding oh how hard to fight to
make breastfeeding for women in public
and stuff actually I really want to see
really want to film a video about it but
anyway that's the exhibition guys it's
just hateful Friday so what time you
seem to be doing you will be able to go
but anyway I hope you enjoyed it good
bye guys it's the next day if you're my
boss right now I'm breaking it I'm
breaking it the next day from yesterday
sits dying right now it's basically it's
only half 11:00 and I've been up since
7:00 well I'm dying right I'll need to
break my fast right now man I'm dying
dying in our breath reeks up mud my
breath do you know what if you're
fasting and you've had to who your
breath automatically smells like kebab
the next day yeah I don't know why my
boy salsa kebab I don't know they know
kebab last night you made a nice balance
anyway so it's the next day and I'm
fasting cuz I'm at home right so I'm
gonna try but it's or Never guard with
my B and it's just difficult anyway
innit yo guys did you know what I think
I'm just gonna come home now I think
that's enough I'm just I'm just gonna
come home now well you know I'm about
come home come home come home to the
baldies I think I'm just gonna shave be
fun what you guys think do not Sid's got
a receding hairline and he's being
paranoid about you know I'm just gonna
shave him up becoming a Baldy don't
shave them be Skinner don't eat you it's
horrible I got big bean it yeah so what
I wanted to say is that ya suffered I'm
dragging your entire thing stop wasting
all your energy now as well and go hours
left
oh by punching mummy Oh this line moving
can I eat your hand oh she's got
leftover biscuit please okay okay bye
guys
okay bye guys she's gonna want it now
guys so difficult slub cuz you know I
love baby food and feeding Hannah her
food is just like torture
you know what's crazy Hannah mashallah
has just turned seven and a half months
a day did get and basically she was
eating three times a day since she was
like five and a half months she was
eating good well probably for what to
choose six months she was eating three
times a day three meals and we just
introduced snacks in food meals
now all of a sudden she's not interested
but with the spoon when I feed her she
just cramps her mouth she's so funny and
she just wants boob or snacks or food
sometimes you will have food but I've
got to feed it from my finger I don't
know why it's very annoying I came
across this horrible video you guys are
probably seen it it's a tongue the one
we watched in the hotel you know about
in Syria about the boy who lost his
six-year-old brother and the mother
oh it's literally a bomb hit basically
and it's it's for the footage of them in
the hospital waiting for their brother
sexual brother to get treated really
really heartbreaking basically it's the
saddest video I've ever seen in my life
and this is what's happening now and
it's just so sad because you feel so
helpless and you just don't know what to
do to help people so I don't know I just
thought I showed you guys because
channel 4 is that video and that's quite
good although it's really like not what
news channels in the UK especially
normally show it was really good that
they showed that because I think people
need organs their you know views on you
know refugees and all that because
they're just people that need help so
sad
basically order a cake for Siri I
suppose the certain thing I could think
of where else can you do this case we're
going yeah
still they do every year some police but
also where I need no you know what
everybody can do which is what we want
to do because we're moving soon and shot
a lot so we'll get our massive clean
routes and stuff go to refugee shelters
and centers around wherever you are
there'll be one probably if you're in
Europe and in the UK or whatever city
you're in go to refugee shelters and
give them your clothes uh old pram
you know uh you know nappy anything they
need anything don't they so yeah are you
reading okay know how we read now okay
then so much doable
look I've got to tell you this cool
thing I've got look look this is Ramadan
friend and it's the store all your ugly
supermarket backs we all are my thing
five feet plastic bag cuz we don't check
them out now because obviously
everywhere in England you have to pay
five P now you save and when you just
stick him in there looks really nice
from do see don't get it UK say check it
out guys it's about half three me and
said just film for our challenge I'm not
gonna talk about those lips and I just
thought shame a makeup because I'm
really feeling it I feel like a proper
Instagram makeup enemy all right you
know so I mean from far away looks
pretty realistic from a dad brief Oh
chose you decided to bring in a baby
mouse and mess around with it poor
little guy
NASA is trying to save it or the posi
always feel thumbs dealer I think we
need to get a shoe box then just keep
him little cotton while safe overnight
and see what happened in the morning
basically let's hope this little guy
makes insha'Allah let you guys know
as mr. Maus escaped out of the box
during the night and he was hiding
behind the shelves it just got him and
now we need to put him somewhere so he's
safe from the cat's Kimmie in out hope
this happens every wrong with that like
if it's a toad loss I've been a sauna to
Martha
oh yeah the toad oh yeah it was a total
ass Ramadan but the cats didn't get to
the toad so it's not where does this go
hello little man just like half past
nine me and Hannah had been awake since
7:00 and mr. Mouse is back in his box
with new food and new water and new
bedding so hopefully later on he'll be
better and Sharla guys I'm taking Hannah
for a walk whilst it hasn't up we're
ready flippin raining guys and hammers
in a t-shirt and leggings I've strapped
her in and everything know what to go
and gets it but she gon get soaking like
I should get a cold oh my god Hannah
just kicked her shoe off already
I don't even left the flipping house yet
now I need to bend down and get it
house is a mess it'd look at the jumper
next to you from yesterday you can't
even eat it oh my god you just kicked
off her other shoe oh my days
but God do these things we don't do them
things Hannah we're just gonna do a walk
anyway in the rain put a bib around
Hannah's a neck to keep it
not as where the plan was to walk to the
bakery and gets it some nice stuff for
when he braces fast but I'm not gonna
walk all the way there now because
Slavin uh-oh
didn't think this one through Hana and
they can't be tell on camera badly it's
waiting way too much and how is actually
not enjoying it so I'm just going back
to the house that was literally wallahi
a one minute walk wow did you miss us
Syd okay I made said shower and get
ready and we're just gonna go stay here
max to just do something because this
day is gonna go so slow otherwise
Hannah's gonna have some of her snacks
she started to do that with her index
finger now and it's really funny guys
seriously this clutch has been here for
about four months I think I showed it to
you one of my vlogs let's see how much
has gone down in the sale thirty pound
there was 39 and has gone down by eight
by ten phone there's no way there needs
to be nine pound I found my dream bug
guys this is my dream ugh this wouldn't
be my signature morning mugs
look at this cute little outfit I found
for Hannah
another cute set for Hannah this is for
36 months though but I'm gonna get it
anyway because eight pounds and Hannah
grows real quick done with TK Maxx ended
up spending 60 pounds in there I don't
know why this is why you shouldn't I
shouldn't go to stick him axe because I
don't know I end up buying I don't know
why I end up buying that I buy these
things but I did get three boxes of my
favorite macaroons though
great what did could have in a bit in a
bit in about how many hours uh six
accounts no still seven hours
