morning guys decided the 30th of April
and today is meet-and-greet day but
first it's a shopping trip with the
winner of competition so we're gonna go
shop for two hours and spend 500 pounds
where are you boom boom boom I'm gonna
try to fill out as much as I can is my
outfit sorry that's the camera bag
hello probably won't be able to talk
that much really and they probably won't
be that much to vlog and sis got bad
tummy he was on the toilet or morning I
was on there for shits and giggles he
was all there having shits and giggles
guys with the winner competition laughs
Amida Aneesa because I mean I have a
school name which is Sumida okay it's a
nice of Amida you can cut me any good
any high any so she'll go 500 pounds and
you want to spend it in H&M new lyric
and don't leave back in and Topshop I
was gonna say how could you miss Tosh
with I not exactly guys aneesa's in the
fitting room trying on clothes trying on
like 20 clothes what would be good a
teaser
oh yes give me your camera vlog guys I'm
vlogging on my camera on it and Denise's
one yes and he said oh she's nearly done
here guys I've just hijacked aneesa's
camera for like 10 minutes because she's
trying stuff on in it now so um
multitasking cuz I'm vlogging for my
vlog Oh
oh my god hi look people that stopped us
in H&M and they went loosely this is
Zara won't she be showing me around
everywhere she's been great
mashallah who were you guys named so far
no one handle my pepper
hi guys look I didn't even know that
there was little scallions reaches kun
kun my little world outside and get
financing so lens you want me just sit
here while people come and lie to me
Dana hi hello then import something to
really keep an eye which I haven't seen
but I know it can became complain of Q
and Marshall on all that the Zing's mum
flares on sale emblazoned Adam tell me
about you guys think Emma I love became
a watch you gotta christian Hickman I
love to get back on guys these girls
thanks write your music yeah everyone
thinks go teeny is at all cuz I look
show me baton to give me compliments
so guys I'm Emma twins weasel and I know
we have is call a Pattaya
no way twin what this was too shy
this was the
nice when I was going to meet y'all
gonna be like hi look you know like like
my guy and then he did it norm cannot
issue it guys me - yeah you know I mean
I want to mean the blow
she's hooking you know any word you
betta by 1900 do brazen virgin faces and
shut up you could you check out to me to
check out her outfit I love it is it I
printed everything pretty much mintage
everything
all real sleigh you know I really love
it
with moodiness is Tanya let's go ahead
Tanya and horrid for anybody see the
muscle we do so we can see our yourself
on you heart and eyes and just finished
man great and they're supposed to be
from 2 to 4 p.m. but I ended up being to
6 but it was really good meet everybody
thanks everybody came and we took
selfies of each side slide to those of
you that didn't get enough time with me
to chat properly at the end because exit
around
I had to make sure that took pictures
everyone runs and just send witness I
mean now we're going to but I really
hope that is OK oh mama replied said
she's fine oh my god that sounds like
Yousaf I said we're going home and I am
us solving when my lord tasted
I've got my latte the you girls
something you guys bought me a latte but
I forgot am sommore you for my naughty
does that make sure you say my name I
want you to talk what anybody had Maria
Medina and Miriam bought me a vanilla
latte while I was taking pictures of
people which is so nice of them but I
managed to have you sit I've left it by
accident unfortunately but thank you
guys so much I for home and so many of
you came through with the Maltesers
