hi guys I hum films like this for ages
but anyway as you kind of gathered I'm
back from Egypt whoa
and if any of you guys know me well
enough then you know I love junk from
Egypt I just think they've got the best
junk on this complete other planet so I
bought loads back with me obviously so
that Sid
the husband can try some for you guys on
camera because he's Pakistani so this is
gonna be cool like I'm a lot Pakistani
come on babe so let me just go what's up
guys what do you see
no you know this is my girl let me just
go through what I have I have 60 shutter
and lemon flavored my face
yeah shut up on the moon I've got dato
date biscuit or they figure than I've
got biscuit Oh biscuits which is like an
Egyptian tea biscuit they're so nice
I've got ships Evita Martin which is
ships you with tomato I've got toad oh
great big log of
I've got Delhi Cola hey Corona
ah wait we go just put it up and let me
go Joe he's taking a piss oh okay I've
got pretty sky
I've got Chiclets bill mastic flavor I
don't know what mastic flavor is but I
think it's like it bees works anything
government then guys I have Twix
not just any tricks it's Twix cappuccino
flavor my favorite of them all we have
mandolin now we've got bimbo for loop
embers are there this is the best holy
bimbos out there yeah so let's stop sis
what would you like to try for I don't
know man I don't eat anything
I'm Mentos any man oh my god so many
memories come on like bloody Papa dogs
yeah come on you should love them then
you should love them then it's not weird
and I out first they taste weird about
kind of you know what Sam more so more
no I'm not gonna do a really good but
nice oh my god like what how orange do
you want to be these are my fav oh
really not looking forward to this
let me show them in sight oh thanks
oh so oh these later like you're
sniffing flowers when hanok again
they're very Orange I don't know why
when Anna gets the bed I'm having this
whole pack oh no that no no that smells
like Pakistan great taste it there so
how Rhett it's so chilly they're like
hey lemon yeah lemon and chili does what
a kettle like a I would see why people
would like this photo it's not my thing
come on whoa that's very lemony c-come
on no that's weird taste one no I can't
do the Danish why are we in Danish
business cuz they're from Saladin Egypt
Saudis a supermarket in Egypt gone so it
says in their biscuits a hundred percent
natural butter on the packet according
to Egyptian standards so it's probably
not real butter and the pattern work on
this biscuit is off that's art right
there that face right there that's all
thank you it says miss this cutter on it
yeah that's what's called the back hold
on know what much so nice no that's
gross that tastes like um baby food
what like it yeah Dina's been eating all
the Hamas food is really weird
let's have a go with this one yes please
good fresca
please go took like an Egyptian you Oh
chocolate wafer wafer yeah the best
ever so good it's nice
we're thick these are in it so good
chocolate that yes alright um oh my god
I don't know it just it has this taste
no I love it
mmm next I am NOT looking forward to
this at all go enjoy I'm not looking
forward to it because of the name I just
I'd love to
look at that gooey bit coming out it's
just like toe juice there be such a wimp
I smell it first you've got to smell
this one ah that's just pure chocolate
man why did they go to overdo everything
copper looks like a fool but it's done I
thought is little lovely that's like I
love it that's like hmm
Shh
that'll da days no I Tony you know don't
be a big worse I'm joking you can't spit
it out you're gonna love this normal Oh
so remember Oh the dad to death will try
the data
oh is it strut is it rumbled up taste
like big base hit but Quan Chi is
there's a country big biscuit let's
quick goodnight
I like that oh I should've bought your
whole boat no I don't like it up next on
one is my favorite game no corona ice
wafer again it's wafer they love their
wafers in Egypt what the heck it's
called Shah Mardan no show me there's
another brand but o mine you like it
okay some days where you probably I'm
gonna finish it out save me something my
actions like that's nice
not my favorite oh my god that's
actually really nice I want what
happened you've had this why are you
taking a piss poor there's only but one
there I've been there drought it's all
open yet okay if you want to use that
one Lily yeah
gives a certainty let me try to pull the
balls he wasn't pleased no no no let me
just have go and call a ball you'll love
them going to the deep jelly Cola Akbar
jelly actor I don't know what to come
hey guys hello says more jelly Cola in
this pocket and you know oh like 50%
free yeah be like that the difference
between jelly Cola here in the UK and he
and Egypt is look they're so dusty dusty
they
like they're really done dusty that's
old that's probably why I love them
they're so good - yeah you alum you zap
love them regularly that's actually
better than Howie but way better than
Harry would not they should be eaten how
a real guitar Bert her arm no the Halal
ones obviously of course oh no seriously
of course we always buy the halwa I know
why do is act like this I know what you
mean why do you always act like I know
act like yeah Oh bard oh yeah tastes
like tip-top
that's what mmm or freeze pops as you
Americans call it those are quite quick
yeah limited-edition Twix cappuccino I
love this I just came across this this
time around I've never come across this
one before so I tried it for the first
time in Egypt and I was like this is go
right so I bought one back for you who
stepped on the damn Twix who stepped on
this thing probably just got fish in
supermarket I mean in the suitcase guys
fYI I don't usually smile my food it's a
bit weird that I'm doing it right now
you do it because you're very wary of
Egyptians now even though I Love Lucy
have you tasted the cappuccino yet it's
good isn't it shuttle it's nice innit
that's quite good those better than a
regular twits if your tea yes oh oh it's
good innit
no take it back oh why don't we add up
to taste man why you don't like you oh
the aftertaste is horrible oh really
oh it's by Cadbury's no way yes by says
it doesn't mean it's gonna taste like
caboose it's so good
it's kind of Trixie isn't it spelling
tricks the caramel is so good that
tastes like a con off Twix that's
probably why I love it
bimbo this is the best thing ever it's
like a it's like two rich tea biscuits
with chocolate on the inside oh okay so
Finn bo is by how much kickin stripe put
honey bimbo is by Corona which is the
one that I like that smell like doodoo
oh I'm honestly so mind this is what it
looks like guys it's a bloody wagon
wheel
you remember wagon wheel nice not
marshmallow inside sir obviously no you
know snapchat bunny hmm
it's so good Yahoo that's a sodas cake
it's literally a cake biscuit of sawdust
what's that
it's another Corona chocolate oh god
what is it called legrasse liquor ice
legrasse anarchic idiot that looks like
a ilg oh he thought on our lig is from
this side corona legrasse we can have
some bluegrass bro oh this is some oh
this is all this is the expensive
chocolate isn't it it is right corona in
general is a very cheap chocolate in
Egypt but this is the expensive it this
is like the lint yeah right this is what
that look at the wrapping oh you fancy
huh it's basically like six pieces and
somebody's put their finger in each one
to be honest I'm not massive fan of
these I don't do that you stick oh
that's disgusting
it looks like poo come on oh my god
that's too good that is gross I can't
eat that you know in the package that's
like Hershey's chocolate man I dig
thumbnail with that package oh that's as
bad as Hershey's chocolate and that
tastes like vomit yeah I'm - leave it Oh
Chiclets mastic flake mastic the hexa
mastic I'm not sure what where they get
that flavor from but I love it
what's mastic can I see we can find out
oh don't if you're gonna hate them
because it's a waste
hey guys let me do it obviously not
disgusting you're ridiculous up there
not amazing I can put them all in my god
one so right Oh God so horrible no light
candle wax it wax see oh that's horrible
let's do a bubble it's not bubblegum you
getting gum you were gonna do bubbles
yeah like this big
yeah that's dude that's why sports
chewing gum that's what it's called
chewing gum okay anyways guys I hope you
enjoyed that video that's not the way to
behave with your husband you guys don't
know man she act like this on camera but
really I am the real hush but I look
good up in kitchen yeah I bet you do to
lock me up in the kitchen about ten
minutes so we better wrap it yeah we did
good man stop trying to get it hey I
love to eat this one I hope you enjoyed
this video and I'll see you over next
one by the way please feel free to leave
me lots of video suggestions in my
comments below because I'm gonna take
all your suggestions forever and that's
it I'm gonna fill every day it's gonna
be amazing kay thanks
