taxi services for investing career guys
are back for my Thalia and we go ahead
really we have quaint you just need to
see of me that without her so I can like
the whole now way
what's it calls in the give more food
now in the give muffins which is like a
restaurant and it actually leaves the
only page of
morning guys it's Friday and it's our
second-to-last day here in Egypt so we
flying tomorrow Sunday really early
morning basically so means easy just go
for a little walk and and stuff like
that and then it's just going to be the
last two tilling days see my cousins and
stuff
and that's it really check out my outfit
you like my pirate necklace guys I
changed my Africa's power people over it
anyway as I was saying my neck is
personalized look DT on the back thank
you very much pirate anyway we're just
waiting to leave tech they just leave
with a baby and how much annoyed cover
yourself cover what is this did you
think you are lost
guys waiting a bookstore in Egypt and
we're gonna get handsome kid burpees one
render some Duke cabbie face and Duke do
that parasha ten to two butterflies he's
- oh wow let's go ms how much kinetic
sure but early tomorrow need if you like
that book eyes looks and I've got
English cultural works like the shared
Lambton that's really good cuz look at
the inside
cultural friendly look Abdul gives them
the money wow that's a lot cries barrier
so it is Christ offer her talk I have
enough for bathroom lucielle Jamila so
there's a fellow old Arabic alphabet oh
mama we should get the Arabic alphabet
one Alice I left a special mouth but oh
these are good faithful butter cool guys
you're my cousin's house we just had
great dinner and the babies are playing
again Palestinian can ever guys like oh
my it is Saturday
no we're basically leaving so I've got
20 Jim today I need to believing tonight
so basically I I'm going to bring booboo
to sleep and spending the whole night my
packing our stuff
mohnish then I need to pile is junk to
take back forsake that front door for me
to have guys look at the stay on my room
right now trying to pack everything up
we literally leaving in like 8 hours so
it's my suitcase so far it's gonna be
her suitcase just want to show you these
scarves that I got from a shop here in
Egypt called Vela scarves and
accessories and I have a few stores in
Cairo the fabric is nothing that I've
experienced before and that's why I
thought I'd show you guys but it is so
soft
these scoffs fits so beautifully on the
head so I thought I'd just show you guys
before I actually wear them and then
I'll show you properly in pictures
packing done my suitcase and a suitcase
but you just hate it when you forget to
put one thing in
five ano about to go boo-boos getting
comfy on the play
guys I'm on the floor panels on my see
obviously I want a turn a piece equally
because a couple of good toilet witches
behind me
quacking karate has left his table out
we got always got space system dwarf
this is our little door never won
tonight a book you try to pass
dishes in it cannot see and we like my
mother's just like a sugar
of my leg
which is damages have a complete another
freakin panic attack facility that we
did change here because for example now
and their streets with other ones and
hammers they would take it over
my name's yes you do
here's the nappy we are back with then
dinner recollection back with BAE sin go
ahead girl specially I said guys thanks
for watching all my videos till next
time I definitely got ton till next time
bye
