whoa tree which is gonna walk to the
shop down the road to get some drinks or
booby to go on a little walk as well and
whatever and basically what happened is
oh yeah they feel me vlogging and
basically we've got the whole family
coming round later on today for a big
like meal or whatever so it's gonna be
about 16 people in the house are you
doing a picture okay be taken Thanks
yesterday we went to kind of clearly
with Hannah Hannah white and really wow
what a comfort baby and she loved it she
really loved the shoes really good
mashallah hamdullah she was in the sling
the whole day but God did I fight
difficult like it's a different going on
holiday with baby because of like not
really holiday okay like not really a
holiday it's more like just different
place my goal is to like get Hannah
traveling from now so she can be a
public traveler kick babies know about
all cultures and do these things
so anyway unfortunately yes there was an
amazing day like there's so many things
I should have logged but I just couldn't
I just couldn't juggle the vlogging with
Kenna clearly craziness I'm having
Hannah in a sling and but he I just
couldn't I just didn't manage to vlog
finding it quite difficult you know log
and do alpha pictures something that
said obviously but we're gonna go again
technically Lee just me and to see
without Hannah so I'll make sure blog
all
for you guys to see wanna go then so
anyway just gonna walk now okay bag
look at the size on this bread here's my
hand
hi today is a day of chill in the house
because it takes me absolutely forever
to get out the house and get ready by
the time I got Hannah ready just takes
me forever so today I'm just like I'm
staying in until booboo goes to sleep
and then oh my gosh and just chilling
out with the booboo yo my eyelashes
aren't completely some of the fake
lashes came out yesterday and they took
out clumps of my real lashes with them
so I always do this I get fake lashes
and then they just I always ruin my real
one anyway we're getting our DS now
gonna phone our Hardee's sitting the
guard and munch on a burger but so did
you say it was McDonald's oh I'm sorry
sorry sorry wrong number sorry by simply
the number four Hardy say don't
embarrass me again
I can't be fair to McDonald's and asking
for the Hardee's number hey guys
seriously when these little lashes come
off I've got zero lashes what am I gonna
do
as in you're blocking light growth I got
to wear fake lashes for about two three
months till they grow back
oh well I'm used to looking gross on
camera and I'm given up hello the Hardys
Oh mr. pellet yeah oh oh the second
Unwin
are you a holder I'm okay nickname star
burger meal is large combo Lodge conifer
L drink has a nice drink E is a struggle
option fee strawberry milkshake okay
what had strawberry milkshake what had
bill comfy Schweppes apple okay why did
my Diet Pepsi listen Southern Kordofan
Abbott artist curly detail um raja'na
ma'am
anyway I or less together detail you
address present us sorry what was that
has a nice cookies man that chakra
telling the address okay
sure sure close by yo don't be talking
when I can't on even understand what
she's saying did something well at the
end and I said what she went whoa so I'm
guessing she saying my Hardee's on the
way yes Hannah I didn't get you a
Hardee's it's like 95 Egyptian which is
about how much as I'm slightly late
pounds up 7 pound rock bottom alright
now handled shits all the time so she
got a nappy so I thought yeah why don't
we just put it in to see tweaking straw
I know roaming it so watching so we're
gonna put this shittin up in a draw yeah
for a social experiment dinner which one
so I like hide it or so I sleeve it like
yes I hide it like under scarf though
Swift so the scarfs absorb the smell I
was put that live in it
actually she got a nappy no no
actually wrote with his of the loop and
yes or a social experiment Hannah is
teething like crazy she's starting to do
the funniest screens ever hold it hold
it brother Hannah
look all the spit on her legs and how
the hell did one of her legs come out of
her baby go explain this to me how to
explain it
sad news lads we had to cancel the
social experiment because obviously like
obviously we want to go out to buy in it
with for the bus and then obviously if
we if tootie comes and finds a nappy in
her drawer then she's going to start
crying and then like obviously it's to
see in it so should she get me or take
it nappy save it for later this is
really good social experiment because I
want to see how people react when they
find a nappy in because you have to make
people away
and now we're good I know Festival City
so that we can buy something to wear to
go swimming the cause we're go to n
sucker to go swimming and obviously
because we're JB's we have to be yet
come on unfortunately MRSA Spencer's in
Egypt unselfie knees up I really wanna
know them which is my scars from that
storm I just walked away because I've to
tell you guys without embarrassing them
there's this thing in Egypt like there's
like about five women working on this
tiny counter and they still have a
service it takes five six women to serve
one person and they still hold of this
column now I gotta get this right
there's all women on the counter and two
men call himself and we still haven't
been served
something like Egypt in like Egyptian
custom service they just take forever
and their needs like ten people to do
one dog to ridiculousness
isn't that right boo-boo get it
my battery's low anyway now we're going
to oh by the way about a mess of course
you obviously and a little aware man but
I'll show you want to go home basically
we're going to rent my condom we're
going to look at them now what these
genes from stacked over there ESS was a
cool
strapped area and this is a bag from
Dulce launching soon even sneaky that I
mean I've got the directions to McCotter
Oh Egyptian Depok we're in garbage city
where all the rubbish of Egypt comes
this is this is Egyptian law working
hard so different guys we're here
tomato probably I'll never been pitiful
the graffiti to it which isn't a great
view from here but yes we've seen it
they LCDC artists and he did this MC for
having me know
so much cool supposed to be like a big
circle thing but that's why we different
angle is Nana the church there's a
sentiment English please st. Simons on
the street we are any in macaques and we
didn't even know existed
I can't believe in islands you can't
believe actually Egypt how many times
I've ever been hip-hop this hole and I
we're about to go to a church that is
called in to a mountain a church made
from carving gets into a mountain
what how cool is that stuff to go
through a cycling I think what's that oh
my god what is that
it's an old photocopy machine I think my
mom is going up on the realize duty to
get a better view of the graffiti
daddy's helpers of course there's my
machine I found where you guys is not
that scary chill out mr. so speed is so
everybody can mind quick for days so I
can see the graffiti aid after five days
either to see it yeah it's already do
Fabi you go get in it this video
