guys I'm different mama a little
Instagram photography listen am I in the
square
yes hannah and her little hat on we're
just going now basically to get a quick
pedicure because I didn't have time to
get one before I left I just wanted to
let you guys know that basically me and
TC are starting a blog together we're
also starting a little business together
but that will come later but for now go
follow the Instagram page leave the link
below and it'll be a lots of outfits
from me and TC together and many other
things to come to see are you excited to
start to get to Blizzard the blogging
yes I'm extremely excited guys by the
way look at these covers we've got fried
chairs we've had them for absolutely
maybe about since I was born so 26 years
so why hasn't holes Hanna's so awkwardly
valuable and you hold the lever
these feet are about to get a major guys
here in Egypt they put the polish on
right at the end after you've got your
slippers on because they're smart people
whereas in England when I get a pedicure
they put the nail polish on everything
and then they're like please Lipizzaner
I'm like what it's not dry and they're
like but it is dry I always leave the
pedicure with my nails totally ruined so
guys in the UK take some tips from the
Egyptians okay we're at the moment so
I'd get my moustache - the first time
ever that is worse than childbirth man
though so people yet oh my gosh so
painful Theodore yeh gleaming feet
brothers best mood you know with a sick
sick it's like smooth veneering you
smooth in it it's like you move it his
best move
so we're just in the Starbucks right and
I'm listening
it's really good a Frappuccino so fly
here I ate it hey Dad how's life so
thanks go Hassan
carrying Hannah in a sling back Egyptian
traffic boys moving like snails look at
the size of the portions in Starbucks
better in the UK's massive design like
cooking us huge hey Lucas Kadena my
childhood friend might be something in
about few years
say hi Khadijah hi I am Charles a friend
I got baby pictures with this one my god
mm now guys and we ordered McDonald's
but didn't take our order has their
routine because happens happen don't
know you too loud no see that has an
old-ass and at the order basically they
didn't take it seriously because an
Arabic already serve you this is so are
you going bitching about it you guys
just asking or logic like that
yes my whole life is like this video
why do you have talked on the camera
guys this is my childhood friend and
she's mute right now I don't know who
what to say guys in the end with all the
my gums were free the cards could you
get the complain because they took some
back with us the armor break up with me
to Egypt and basically I don't wear
makeup at all here
that's like 5 kgs of luggage of baggage
allowance totally voice it''s I can't be
bothered mate
pretty much guys we just popped up and I
got my dad holding my mother changing
bag because I'm carrying Hannah Anderson
thanks dad we're just going to have some
lunch together as a lovely wonderful
happy family choose to take a picture of
the dad with this purse weight topics
that is juicy pear
