and his first holiday god help me hi
guys we're in Heathrow Airport and I
just looked like a big tomato with the
worst eyelash job possibly ever I've
ever had in my life
the lady flipping cut my bottom lashes
with scissors who does that oh my god I
didn't know I got no notes and I got
home but I was female I literally cut my
partner just stubble man
yes horrible Hannah's first holidays
she's going to Egypt and my first trip
with booboo they can on a plane and I'm
so scared but anyway look at the sling
I've got the mighty sling from Condor
some new baby
Daisy baby shop but its brand as the
farm on some of my leave links in the
bias wish me luck talking about bye oh
there's not coming by the way by said
talking about bye oh yeah yeah do you
know what what I use in my head nobody
was know
do you know why using my hair I use by
you are belong belong Kamala okay
they've got like four hours sell off
like so
honestly I'm absolutely myself
wish me luck as if I burn up the
attached her book to my slings which
font off it
yes your flight is leaving yeah
thank you hours ago darling I didn't
want to take my brand-new Stoke pram
with me to Egypt cause it's going to get
wrecked with all the luggage so I bought
a secondhand a baby jogger view stroller
that is that has a reversible seat so
Hanna can be facing me it's not for
Egypt and Hassan's I mean I mean SIDS
having to go trying to open it up at the
airport cuz I don't even know how to use
it but the reviews are good for it so
hopefully should enjoy it in Egypt
figure it out finally guys this is what
it looks like when Hannah would be
facing me basically a decision yeah I
mean is piece of obviously
competitive Stoke or the sucker but
it'll do for Egypt and at least you can
look at me
the rest of the family have arrived guys
on T to see mom and dad and say it's my
back's 24 kgs and Hannah's was 23 on the
docks and everybody else to traveling
like that for me I'm a fashion blogger
right oh my god guys is Sohail going
through security with baby because it's
just hell no in the nap changing room
just handed a baby boo because I fed her
prune Ella's kitchen prune there's just
a great big to me and then I need
to beat her basically by dinner which IV
didn't hear or not let me made it guys
we're in Egypt and now we're trying to
crash into a London cabs in Egypt with
all this luggage we've hired a car for
tomorrow which should have a positive
what's hannah speak their minds that
door yeah yeah but bad chicken on yeah
we really Anita
morning guy we got to the house
yesterday I think I was like one or two
way back to 3:00 a.m. no I think it's
about 2:00 a.m. Egypt thought and pretty
much protected bed almost straight away
because she was a bit overwhelmed then
because everything was new and obviously
it smelled different in Egypt right and
their weather the air is different it's
like more humid and hot and stuff so
she's a little bit freaked out by it but
you slept really good and now she just
woken up so I've obviously just looking
up through my lashes and so after me but
I bought glue remover so I can remove
them and then I bought the glue so I can
apply the math AF anyway and I think
today's gonna be a chill day I really
want to unpack my suitcase to be honest
with you
go native like two weeks so it's worth
unpacking it so my mission in Egypt is
to work on the town
corner I'm a cup of shake trying to get
a sneaky little tan without the neighbor
see me and Scott I'm like the only
person in the planting can't open the
eyes in this one anyway I really can't
vlog like this yeah I want to talk to
you guys about how actually Hannah was
on things I forgot that I didn't
actually tell you that she was okay she
was just like playing and stuff like
that and then there was a baby on the
road next to us that unfortunately was
having a hard time so that baby was
distracting Hannah obviously felt me
sorry for the mom that was trying to
attend to him because he was like
inconsolable houses open but anyway and
then finally she said she was feeding
and then she just slept then she just
slept for the rest of the journey on me
on my breastfeeding pillow I'm so glad I
bought my breastfeeding pillow with me
because I wasn't gonna bring that but
actually come to think of it I don't
know how I would have survived that
flight without it cuz the cot that they
have for the baby is tiny like there's
no way I had I would have fit in that
comfortably without hitting a head when
she's moving or something so I think on
the way back I'm gonna get the the seat
that they have rather than the laying
down bassinet thing and see how that
goes I had to change her nappy on the
plane right the changing table is so
tiny and obviously babies wriggle and
stuff like if I wasn't holding on to her
properly she would have fallen off
herself really bad he or she would have
kicked upwards and smack the head on the
back of the toilet thing where Lisa was
clean oh yeah then they wouldn't let me
have her laying down on takeoff she had
to be sitting upright and attached to
seat belt around me which I found really
stupid because the safety right but then
they want you to change nappy on that
kind of thing I buckled her in seat belt
and then when the cabin crew have to sit
down I lay her on me and fed it anyway
because I'm not gonna have a screaming
baby when I can feed her so not as bad
as I thought it would be and then when
we got off the plane I was just slinging
her and then she slept on me in sling
which was nice I didn't tell you guys
right but my cousin who's
age had a baby exactly the same time as
me literally like she was two days
earlier than Hannah which is so exciting
so Hannah and Laila the other baby are
going to meet today there's gonna be
some queue and I gotta get out because
it's too hot how's it going my son has
been here a week before us by the way
just chillin by himself
and he was supposed to get the house
ready and clean it change your bedsheets
but we came and it was all dusty and
disgusting because he's a boy and he
lives like a pig
okay bin Muno did you get me anything
huh get me anything whoa look at the
time you look at today's haggle a you
look at my little camera allow you fam
allow you allow you bruv allow you mix
Oh sick obviously I'm gonna have to a
junk food haul and then like a Pakistani
tries Egyptian sweets video with Sid my
favorite thing ever
luncheon luncheon Dibner what goodness
up good just give them Gouda again I
would see they give me food that hey
Larry
give me a burrito sandwich we're
absolutely at his house because
basically yesterday Jimmy didn't come
they didn't come over to like tell him
overnight in Denton's right but hannah
to sleep and so we just chilled out with
later Sunnis baby
but basically Leila and Hannah's first
meeting is today and it is the coolest
thing ever because the exactly tomatoes
really funny Hannah Leila I'm shooting
for the first time at zapathon is hoping
yeah
and I really want to claim his attention
I see today merci Monsieur Lully
are they love nature she's putting a
Tonka
we take my babies for a little walk in
our slings can they do me guys
my favorite jump on this planet is Egypt
jug and I'm going to get a lot of it
Hannah was it - I don't know see me what
you get 50 ma√±ana
myau kroner Hey Antioch towel ever para
lo is our random block of bricks
basically means to me do nothing but
think seeing everything to our babies
and the only songs that are in our heads
are for example right now it's what
happens it go honey for lit five little
ducks went swimming one day over the
hill and far away mother duck said quack
what come back but on this we talked
about our kids our dads by the way with
husbands because I would answer brothers
so anyway her dad is the first time give
do and so is my dad both the exact same
time and heard that song for Leila is
and might have song for Hannah is Elena
get a lemon a guitar dude so anyway
that's not story well anyway we just
bought a bunch of junk go to go inside
have a cup of tea have some junk and
then we're gonna go home knock knock I'm
what I this is where uncle um what's our
here first I'm good do as well nice to
meet you them
welcome welcome
