today I'm going shopping for my
spring/summer wardrobe and I'm here in
East London at gallons root Shopping
Park it is actually the first day of
spring today believe it or not and
somebody's obviously around the corner
so yay for that and guess what I'm also
going to Egypt so I need to buy lots and
lots of summer things for me and for
Hannah so you're coming along with me
because I'm good like that let's go
first up I'm going to use ATM because
it's one of my favorite shop ever and
actually everything I'm wearing today is
H&M so automatic dual you know I love
kick flares nice cream color so the
summer why not guys what'd you think
I think now it could be very possible I
spend everything in issue so this is
like where's it gone are they there you
are so this is perfect for spring guys
when it's a bit chilly huh especially
here in where are we where nice London
it's a bit grey even though it's a
festive spring you know what I love
about stripes matching them with more
stripes this year it's all about more is
more instead of less is more so like you
want to get all the prints and mix them
all together and pull it off like it's
high fashion from the high street
imagine this is on me and you'll be like
wow I love so much fantastic yeah no you
agree I do oh that's good oh this is
scary
look at this skirt oh my god this is a
nice skirt Oh No Dana what sighs I have
to look at 14 really unfortunately I did
have Pringles for breakfast so can we
get a shopping bag and I put the clothes
and the hands got my my going you know
obviously because like we wear scarves
and we cover up and all that this is the
most handy piece of clothing ever hmm
always does most handy things on this
planet plain black tie salt again plain
black basic tunic and you can't go wrong
with a bit of a black
guys I got a little surprise for you
okay are you ready then then then
remember my police comes I always wear
I've got it in dusty pink gray and cream
well guess what they've got spring
colors frayed edges I love it I did try
to DIY my own ones from TK Maxx
but that kind of failed so I think it's
time I actually purchased a pair that
have been done well guys I need to find
myself some shoes and the perfect place
for comfortable shoes especially for
holidays and for you know swelling feet
in the summer and all that it's Clark's
the cause they're super comfortable and
believe it or not clocks is actually
starting to get more and more stylish
each season so let's go have a lit prime
example who doesn't love a bright silver
shoe lovely also been looking out for
these Christy to shoes they have them
online in like a gray in a silver but
they only have them in sort in black
which is still classic and will go very
nicely for the evening looks especially
if you'd want to go for a crazy heel you
just got a nice tiny little platform
here obviously super comfortable oh my
god the other thing I love about Clark's
is they do half sizes so normally in
between a 506 anyway and most places
don't do the five point five but Polacks
does so it's ultimate comfort what size
is this my favorite of them all off
smell the leather go on smell it good
leather sandals these are going to last
me years and they probably be passed on
down to Hannah as well yes because
Clark's is very good quality I ain't
even just saying that because I'm in the
shop he actually is there that's three
great pairs of shoes let's go
I might need some help sorry I mean new
look guys everybody loves a bit of a new
look onto the trenches guys look what I
found for you I don't know what color
this is but it's like a grade cream then
we have a gray then we have tan pick
what you like I would probably go for
the tan actually I'd probably go for Sam
because it would go with everything
and look at it it's nice and liked wait
so you're not going to get too hot if
you go into somewhere like Egypt like me
okay I think I'm done in new look quite
happy with that to be honest with you
and I'm going to buy them now but I did
want to get another pair of jeans that I
saw more ankle grazes what did I tell
you so what am I going to go for
probably a size 12
possibly a size 14 yes I might go for 10
wow I'm going for a 10 this is great and
I feel great
let's go and have cake all right I think
we're going for a 10 if they don't fit
I'm losing weight after I've had the
cake I'm gonna move a break because you
know I've done a bit shopping for me I'm
Hannah and I'm kind of tired and I'm
thinking you know it's about time I pick
something up for Syd and also maybe just
one thing for Syd but more importantly
don't really look like it today but I do
enjoy wearing sports clothes and we do
casual things most of the time
especially trainers on my feet so I'm
going to hit up JD what'd you say I'm
not gonna be selfish it's all about Syd
today so say it
it's all about Syd today when did that
happen
I mean shopping all day it's all about
Syd for the last five minutes on this
trip so you may get yourself a pair of
trainers may I go wild baby go wild
thank you
a 2-pound ya helper to it I'll put the
20 on top go on I'll sweet you today's
it Sippi if you want it rashes that we
call cuz we can both you know I'm
getting him to get a pair for uh she's
so mean him can match
hashtag goals hashtag couple goals yeah
I mean TK Maxx one of my favorite shops
ever for so many reasons number one you
can get great bags for really great
prices and nobody else is going to have
them number two you get great earrings
and nobody else is gonna have them
number three I get almost all of
Hannah's clothes from here and I like to
pick up some really good snacks as well
from ticking America's always have
random quirky things so I'm gonna start
off with the bags check this out guys I
love me a bit of a tassel bag hold on I
must check something very important
the inside is beautiful what do you
think prime example
Osprey London bag smell one over guys
just bear in mind when you come to tea
here max you needs have a lot of
patience and you'd have a lot of
rummaging skills
I'll sing about leather burgers and I
don't be afraid to make a mess and TK
Maxx either they don't mind I mean
really if you're not into style you just
look at that and think it's just a tan
rectangle with no handle and just a zip
I mean how simple could that be but you
know what sometimes that works so I'm
taking it this is my highlight probably
over the whole shopping trip this is a
quilted clutch bag it's quilted like my
grandmother's sofa and I love granny
style a lot of you guys sometimes refer
to my style as granny style so I'm going
to live by that and I mean I'm going to
live by I'm going to live up to that
name and go for that guy's I love me
some jewelry okay and you guys always
ask where I get not these cuz these are
just standard everybody has them but you
know my little you know my little dime
auntie little earrings I always wear
well look found you something that looks
like it but it's a shame because I'm
good to buy them and then you ask me
where I got the foam and I'll tell you
TK Maxx so these are I have no idea but
that's what's great about cheeky max
they have loads of random brands I love
earrings like this because they're just
much everything and they're good for
everyday they just make any turban a
little bit classier I mean okay I'm so
grabbing these anything any family
dinging perfect oh hello there I love
ripped jeans but I hate it when I find
the best pair and then the rip actually
doesn't have any lining underneath so
you can see my legs which obviously I
can't show because I'm a hijabi right
and so are you probably though I've just
found the perfect pair crazy rips all
lined underneath so I can go rip crazy
and not show any of my legs fantastic
hello guys I'm in superdrug so I can get
some drugstore makeup
behind me is Revlon then we got
collection this collection eyebrow kit
is what I've used on my brows today
conveniently it's perfect this is a
powder and it's so so quick to use with
any angled brush they have a lovely
collection of cream puffs moisturizing
lip cream I've got the pinky one on
today if you've been following with long
enough you know my favorite liquid liner
ever is a collection fast stroke
eyeliner and I have it in black brown I
actually used to wear brown every day
but then I went to black but I think I'm
gonna possibly consider going back to
brown every day because black sometimes
is a little too harsh the lipsticks from
gosh are the best so I must grab a few
of these okay guys I love Max Factor
foundations today on my face I have the
skin Luminizer Foundation which it so
far is my favorite and I'm the shade 75
so if you wants to see what shade the 75
golden is it's what's on my face right
now I'm a good thing about Max Factor is
that always do three for two especially
in places like boots and Superdrug look
at that color look these are perfect for
spring guys oh I love that
everybody loves some lashes and I'll or
London or the perfect lash brand for me
in a drugstore they're quality and they
are affordable a little bit more on the
higher end so when you do put them on it
just looks like you have really really
neat curled naturally long the beautiful
eyelashes so they're great for like no
makeup days so I'm just going to grab a
few of these because I love them okay
I've got lipstick on my shirt that is
not cool
just just on the cuff don't worry I've
got Washington oh this is why I want
male colors oh this is the Rita Ora
collection three four - I love a good
lie look for spring summer ah yes I love
a good nude I love a good a gray one -
what else do I love and I also love now
if you're not fond of a fan of the blue
however lovely a mint green what I
should do guys now is actually get
Hannah some nappies might try this blush
and highlight stick from these four
beautiful new brand for me to try can't
wait I love coordinated set this one's
from Dorothy Perkins
she's like Dorothy Perkins it ignored a
little bit I don't know why because it's
very underrated if you ask me if you
don't want to go totally stripy matchy
matchy I want to bake it up a little bit
but you still want to keep the colors
neutral just stick that over the top
that's a lovely outfit in fact I feel
inclined to purchase that right now
that's a bit of a problem okay okay I
need to talk to Sid where is he
guys I love a good statement that saved
look at that for a necklace 25% off as
well isn't it if you're gonna go for
bangles on your wrist stack like crazy
and stack all the way almost up to your
elbow don't hit you Albert because you
won't be able to bend your arm and
that'll be a pain in the backside but if
you snap all the way too close to your
elbow it's going to look so good
especially with super simple outfit
plane top plane trousers or a
coordinated set how's that for a
statement this dainty jewelry is all you
need let me look at myself
oh my god I need to buy these guys you
always ask me where I get my long
layered vest from that I wear for
layering all the time
look I found the perfect ones for you
we've got grey we got a nice red we've
got a nice tan color and hot for summer
a nice bright blue look at least four
this is why we say our wardrobe staples
especially for spring/summer especially
if you're into layers I'm done with
Dorothy Perkins woohoo and oh my god
I've just boiler humongous nando's to my
right Sid we have none and OHS oh oh my
I'm done shopping finally it's been such
a long an exhausting day but obviously
so much fun because that's my favorite
thing to do ever on this planet spend
money on clothes
MAME I'm sure you do too I really hope
you enjoy shopping with me and I hope
you learned a few tips and tricks along
the way make sure you check out gang
Street Shopping Park yourselves I just
have a little bit of information for you
I'm holding competition and you can win
500 pound worth of vouchers to spend
right here at gallons meat shop apart
and what's more you'll win and our
styling session with me to help you buy
things with your 500 voucher how amazing
is that we're going to have so much fun
I'm going to pick the best clothes for
you obviously only if you want me to
pick it if you'd only to pick it then
you could tell me dinner shop let's just
take selfies fine by me
also going to be holding a
meet-and-greet yeah we finally on the
30th of April time to meet everybody and
have great time taking selfies and
chatting and just getting to know you
all because you all know me a bit too
much let me agree we'll be at 2 to 4
p.m. on 30th of April and I will leave
all the details for the meet agree and
the competition below in the description
but for now I'm going to drink this
latte and I'm going to go home to my
little boo boo Hannah Oh
