hi guys I am back with another video and
today I'm dressed like I'm just chillin
at home being a bit of a bum and that's
because I am basically this hoodie looks
filthy you know when you have like a
hoodie that just looks all like bitsy
this is one of those hoodies but it's
just come out the wash it's clean it's
just very old a very comfortable okay
today I am going to be giving myself a
lash lift I've done this about maybe 3
times before but it was over a year ago
although it has worked when I have done
it it's never worked like it does when
you go to a salon and you get a
professional to give you a lash lift I
don't know why I just feel like I've
gone to the salon and had my lashes
lifted enough times now I kind of know
what to do more I thought I'll give it
another go at home and I'll film it for
you guys so I bought a kit and I bought
the Sun in-system lash lift kit I
actually bought it a while back and I've
been waiting to film this video because
the lash lash lift that I had was
actually back in the beginning of
February and I've just finished kind of
waiting for my eyelashes to grow out and
stop being a little bit kills my lashes
are naturally very straight and they
point downwards if I look all lazy and
like sloppy it's because I'm so
lethargic today I could literally go
sleep on that last three nights I just I
have had maybe on average three hours of
sleep a night I don't even know why lash
curlers don't work I mean they work
there and then but then it lifts you
could just like I can watch them go down
straight away try me I do love having
semi-permanent lash extensions done the
individual ones but I'm such a fiddly
person and after about a week of having
them in when they're supposed to last
about two to three weeks I actually end
up pulling them all out myself when they
would last for the two to three weeks if
I just didn't touch them but I just get
irritated and I get to that point where
I'm like I don't care if I don't have
any lashes after this I'm pulling them
all out and I literally lose almost all
of my lashes and I'm left with like I
swear to God just like you could count
them maybe like 20 lashes on each eye
mid-march I think I got lash extensions
done and around mid-march I yanked them
all out and I've been waiting up until
now for them to grow out so that they're
half decent and they're not even half
decent but
now I need a lash lift so for those of
you who don't know what a lash lift is
it's basically like a perm but for your
eyelashes what it does is it gives you a
lift it lifts up your lashes so it looks
like you have a natural curl honestly it
made the biggest difference to my makeup
routine in the morning before that I'd
always just not wear mascara because any
mascara never fully curls them properly
not like when you've had a lash net very
simple instructions by the way which is
what I like so you've got lift lotion
you've got fix lotion and you've got
nourish lotion this is an adhesive to
stick these silicone curlers onto your
lids and to stick your lashes onto them
whenever I go to get my lashes lifted I
think they always use either medium or
large on me which is fine because
basically the larger the curler the more
of a natural curve and lift you get with
your lashes I actually ordered small
silicone pads as well because there was
this lady that I used to go to in London
and she would get my lashes like almost
like they'd just be like I in the back
to my lids which I loved
it's not the look for everyone but I
personally loved it and she did it to me
a few times like that and then she
stopped doing that and started doing the
larger the kind of more natural lift
which is fine but I just really like
that dramatic kind of one so I'm gonna
try these small ones today what I did
notice is that when I would go to get
them done with the small silicon curlers
after doing a few times my lashes got
quite weak and because the curl was so
sharp sometimes they'd actually snap so
I had like a bit of stubble lashes if
that makes sense that had snapped off
does that make sense where is that never
really happened with the size medium and
large so finding it really difficult to
see I'm actually seeing double vision
I think once I've got the silicone
curlers on my lashes and the stuff on
I'm gonna take these off because I think
this is literally only to protect for
when patients are lying down because
then I can imagine the solution will go
on the bottom lashes but if I'm gonna be
keeping my eyes open with you guys that
I don't think I need to do that yeah I
can't I gotta take these off I actually
can't do with these
let's give me a headache whoa vision
come back by gel patches not happening
sorry silicone curlers require a thin
layer of adhesive to be applied to the
upper eyelid 30 seconds before a fixing
in place
the hard bit is getting everything in
place once it's all in place is like let
the solution do them do the work you
know why do I do these things to myself
really why woman I've just managed to
put one on so I'm gonna do one eye and
show you how to do that and then go
ahead and do the other one and they show
you the results otherwise I did think
I'm gonna do this okay basically now
what it says is use adhesive the non
pointy part of a cotton bud and work
from the corners to lift up your lashes
onto the silicon curler and make sure
they're all nice and straight so this is
gonna be really difficult to do I can't
even open my eye this is mad oh there we
go a little bit stick in there this is
gonna be so hard okay guys so this is
what kind of looks like some of the
lashes I haven't been able to get to
very straight at all actually he's been
it's quite hard use a micro alligator to
apply a small amount of lift lotion to
the lashes allow product to process 12
to 15 minutes
always pink always smells very purr me
well my lashes are coming undone like
the glue is coming undone okay guys so
this is the situation we've got I'm
gonna leave this on for 10 to 15 minutes
and I will be right back to do the next
step I'm laying this already I ended up
having to sit back here just cause more
comfortable cuz I could put the mirror
in here and I could really concentrate
but basically what I'm doing now is
putting the fix lotion over the top of
this because this has been about 10 12
minutes some of the lights just keep
coming off the curler which is really
annoying because that means it's
probably not gonna stay curled as much
as some of the others which is just
pissing me off so wipe this off and then
I'm gonna put a nourish lotion over the
top which is supposed to help loosen the
lashes off the glue and loosen the
silicon curler off your lid and then you
could take off the whole thing so wish
me luck with that lads all right as you
can see like the lashes are already kind
of coming off from the side I don't if
you can see or not I hope this works
even just a little bit it would be good
and I haven't fully f them up otherwise
I'm gonna have to go to the salon and
say hi guys
sorry to be a pain but do you think you
could fix this for me you know just a
bit of a tit sometimes I don't know if I
need the nourish lotion to take off the
glue guys because it's already kind of
coming off ok guys so here we have the
results I don't know if you can tell on
camera but there is a result it's not as
good as a salon but there's a result
this is the lifted lashes I'll just look
up you guys so you can see it has done
something and if I just look to the side
a little bit so you can see the slight
curl and this is the eye that hasn't
been done so you can see there can you
see the difference on cameras it you can
from the front as well like I definitely
can it just gives you a slight lift with
your eyes but with mascara you see all
the difference but I can really see the
difference here I've just managed to
finish doing this I as well I'm happy to
say that in my mirror they look like
they both lifted the same amount so I
haven't managed to do one better than
the other which I was really worried
about doing the right eye off-camera was
a lot easier than doing the left eye on
camera and it was a lot quicker than
doing on camera altogether you need
about 45 minutes to an hour to do it I
think I will apply mascara to these
eyelashes Thursday night and just stick
it on the end of this video so you guys
can see the difference with mascara most
people actually go ahead and get a lush
tint as well but I didn't do that
that's just long but anyway yeah that's
it guys I will see you on my next video
ok guys I thought I'd just get my vlog
camera out this is literally straight
after I've turned off my main camera and
because you can see the lift a lot more
on this camera for some reason I think
so I'm actually really really happy with
the results and I can't wait to see what
it looks like with mascara there you go
bye guys so it's been just under a day
later and I have just put mascara on to
go out just so that you guys can see how
my mascara looks with the last lift at
home to be honest with you when I go to
the salon and get it done it's 10 times
more effective but this is sufficient
for me like this makes me want to wear
mascara
whereas before with my lashes the way
they were dead straight I would just
never wear mascara outside so I'd either
just go with false lashes or nothing
which meant most of the time nothing
so I'm very happy this is literally just
like two or three kind of like coats
just in in one kind of go so I just kind
of went Lou and then let it dry and then
this is it so I'm very happy hopefully
this has been helpful as you can see
like on the ends I didn't quite catch
all the lashes I realized actually I
could probably customize the treatment
to wherever I want my lashes they look
like so if I want the ends more lifted
then maybe I'll just lift the ends again
and concentrate on getting them attached
properly to the curler there it is
