guys I got to be honest with you when
I'm getting ready in the mirror I'm like
wow this makeup looks great and then I
go and come round I'm like I look like
an evil sweaty Betty sir so buttoned up
Kayden hi nice so for today's video I'm
doing a mummy favorites video it's been
almost five months now since my child
has been entered into this world so I've
accumulated a few favorites not that
many I've kept it quite oh you know
little and miniscule but having said
that the first favorite is this big hard
so I think I showed you this beep boom
what do you do what what's what we do it
why are you coming in now I just like
filming will even do it Joonas funny
guys hey booboo you know it's the
funniest thing about my situation Tina
has no bottoms on Dina has no bottoms or
mister did you know the big blocky
smiling at me long back ok bye which is
it anyway I was saying I showed you guys
this briefly in my most recent mummy
vlog and it is a nursing pillow and I
have two of these but the other one is
like this standard one this looks
standard but it's a link different
because it's more flexi and you can move
it a bit more than the standard ones in
the last like month I haven't been using
it in their regular position which is
you know under their bosoms and baby on
the top just because hannah is too big
for that now also it gets really squishy
for her but now I use it to lean back on
when I'm breastfeeding or I just use it
as a great pillow or now I use it to sit
Hannah up in between it if I put it down
like this and she sits here and says
hello multi-use kind of pillow and I
would definitely recommend a nursing
pillow to any you know what I just
recommend on to anyone you don't have to
be a mother or pregnant like I wouldn't
be able to live without it so I got this
from TK Maxx actually and it was 20
pound and my other one was from
HomeSense for 25 pounds but the brand is
called by Karla so I will try and find
it for you online and leave a link in
the description obviously the print
lovely I like this because I'm reading
like this now as well fantastic well my
god Chin's on me ah let's try and tuck
that chin in there we go
hollow actually really gonna do that
that wasn't even just a joke
next up guys we have a dummy
this is Hannah's one and only dummy and
it is from not Rousset and it looks like
this and it's a disgusting color but
that's because it's natural and it's
just rubber
I believe I've been trying dummies on
her since she was born and I was like do
I have the only baby on this planet that
doesn't take a dummy like she just puts
in her garbage as if I spits out and
like she couldn't keep a dummy in try
this one and this is the only one that
she will take when she feels like it
she's not really a dummy baby she
doesn't she doesn't what just she
doesn't really like him so when she does
feel like it and she will take this one
where's all the other one she won't even
she won't even be able to latch on to
the dummies when she's on one and really
like sucking her hands and fingers then
I give her this sometimes she takes it
sometimes she just really wants her
fingers so I can't really control this I
gotta let explore her hands in it so I
got it from Amazon this is the zero to
six months one but you can get different
ages and stuff so there you go following
that I have this baby bottle now if you
watch my mum vlogs you know that Hannah
doesn't take a bottle and I'm still
breastfeeding and therefore I have to be
with her 24/7 because I can't even pump
breast milk into a bottle and leave her
somewhere for a whole day I don't know
that she can be fed I'm only able to go
out like two hours max in between feeds
and things like that so we tried all
bottles Chaplin hmm we tried all bottles
all teats etc and then we have the
bright idea of getting a teat that's
similar to the only dummy that she takes
and we found this one which is a latex I
don't know but it's like the dummy it
looks like the same teat as the dummy
and we tried a I think this was only
like five pound from boots the first day
that we bloody bought it and tried it
she took it and had milk from the bottle
having said that she's only done that
about four times now and they've all
been when six feeding her so I can never
feed her with a bottle basically because
she's like nah
you got boobies you don't give it movies
I'm gonna fall for that basically
there's little progress and at least we
have found one bottle that works so that
if I did have to go somewhere for you
know more than two three four hours I
know she won't starve because she will
take this eventually it's just a bit of
a horrible procedure because she's like
screaming the place down I cannot handle
it when she's upset like I can't I'm
just like why am I going to go through
torture I'll just come home and give her
the bloody boob so basically I really
have no life right now we all love to
dress our babies in really fancy clothes
designer clothes fancy and like pretty
bows and like funny fastenings and all
this stuff and that's all fun and lovely
but once you've got the photo of your
baby in that outfit most of the time you
just want to get them out of it because
they're getting pissed off and it's such
a faff trying to change their nappy in
complicated outfits so sometimes you
just need regular baby grows from a
supermarket and I like these from
Sainsbury's so yeah my god damn
something in my news burgers back to the
baby goes nine pound for sleep you can't
go wrong right these are from
Sainsbury's and they're lovely because
they're the nicest supermarket baby
girls I've seen in terms of patterns and
cuteness like Tesco as they're a bit me
so and we lift this one girly can on it
this one got little things this one got
little through cuz Hannah's gonna be
healthy in it this one got more flowers
this one got at bloody flowering bloody
water kettle bottle for flowers and this
one got more fruit more fruit cuz
Hannah's gonna be healthy the ones I've
got now are actually six to nine months
so they're too big for her but that's
why they're still there packets you know
mashallah guys Hannah is bigger than
your average baby okay she is turning
five months inshallah next week but
she's in clothes that are well she's in
the right size right now she's in three
to six months but the three to six
months sighs baby grows for example
they're all too tight at the bottom like
she can't wriggle her toes so I have to
cut all the toes off so the head toes
can stick out because she got away at
sixteen
nine months right now because they're
way too big for her so she's like kind
of a trampy baby right now cause there
isn't an in-between size for those kind
of babies but doesn't really matter
because they're mainly pajamas and like
when we're going to soup when when how I
can't be bothered getting dressed which
is all the time
now all the midwives and health is to
tell you to read to your baby from day
one because it's never too early right
you want to get them more smart and all
that so I tried reading books from day
one and I was like this is Superman like
she's not look she's not Chaplin man you
need to get lost I'm telling you so I
was like this is stupid man Hannah's not
interested this book is a hazard because
if I open the page and her face falls
into it it's hard cardboard and it's
going to be painful always paper and
it's painful so it's just dumb so I went
into gap right and they had a little
basket underneath the sale items of
clothes cuz obviously I look up so your
things for baby right and I found this
book yeah and it's crinkly and just a
little story and it's got colorful
pictures and it's got little things that
she could hold and etc and if it smacks
her face it doesn't hurt although my
eyes really just poked me in the face
and now I was like yo what is the brand
of this book I need to find more and I
had a lot could I
and basically it's called jelly cats so
I went on a little jelly cat London
website and I found more so I bought
this one called my little farm book and
also you can hang them on your pram or
you can hang it off something so she can
look like that ah you know and I also
bought this one this one's called where
is my sue there so this is more of a
bedtime one even though it's a bit
crinkly and loud for that time but look
there's a sue there and it's about the
dog who's looking for his see their
little does he know it's on the front of
the bloody burkay and then he finds it
and then he can have really good nicely
that yeah totally so I love these books
because I know that I can put on on the
floor with all the toys around her and
these books she can eat it if she wants
because she loves to chew on these books
I just know it's nice and safe and she's
getting to see nice pictures and look at
you know animal wares look for example
well this one says baa baa sheep and
then you can feel what she feels like
yeah and then moo moo cow
that's the cow Wow okay piggy I mean
yeah like Oh piggy pig-pig all our
amazing and then down at alarm and so
Hannah loves them but at nighttime when
we're winding it down for bed I do like
to read a proper book a proper hardback
book because then we're lying down and
I'm holding the book and she just kind
of reaches up and can help me turn the
pages she doesn't let do that yet but
she's learning so it's more kind of
controlled and it's more relaxing and
then it's a proper book like she needs
to still know what a proper book is
right so I like this one
and everybody knows that and it's called
they're very hungry caterpillar we all
know this from growing up right if you
didn't read The Hungry Caterpillar then
she can do things like that she can she
could look at it and either and she
loves it he loves it she always reaches
up and she's like eyes get excited like
all the colors this is a personal fave
cause like not soldier next on my
favorite guys is weight sunglasses this
is a must for every mummy have a pair of
sunglasses because honestly you don't
have time most of the time when you're
going out to do eye makeup today for me
is an exception because I'm filming a
radio most of my alpha features on
Instagram or the blog and I'm wearing
sunglasses
it's literally only because I have no I
makeup on underneath that's the only
reason I'm wearing them obviously I like
sunglasses look but I would much rather
be able to do my full face I picked
these up in TK Maxx as well spwhy Cyrus
whatever bit one okay Scott what we're
nearing the end so that's good
button-down shirts everybody needs it if
you're breastfeeding for everybody who's
not breastfeeding I am so jealous
because you can wear whatever their hell
you want wherever you go out at least
you've got that you know but no most of
time I have to go for really low scoopy
low-cut tops or button-down shirts this
one this crazy one it's not so crazy but
similar to the first one and
no she is used to having the bottle when
we're out I have to wear clothes that
are very easy for me to flop one boob
out if I ever need to which is most of
the time
laughs but most certainly not least in
fact this is my ultimate mummy favorite
then da-da-da-da-da I don't have enough
space Dona and this is my Dyson Hoover I
love it oh my god okay here's the story
write me and said when we first got
married holla let me just keep this here
look my friend me and said when we first
got married we needed a mover right for
our flap so we're gonna got the Henry
Hoover cuz we're like this so cute it's
so nice I love it yeah yeah
it was all right right but forget
Hoover's that still have the wire or the
cable you have to plug in allow that
long ting so recently actually this is
probably by a year ago now see it was
like yo Deena we need to get this Hoover
man said really likes his house gadgets
like for cleaning and stuff by the way I
was just like what 350 pound room but
you have an alarm and he convinced me
together something okay well get the
flippin who this cordless or Wireless
whatever you call it and it is the best
350 or 70 pounds we have ever spent in
our entire lives look at this oh damn
damn Dyson damn this is the Hoover
handheld no wire no nothing you pick
somewhere in your house like you got
your utility room or your kitchen
wherever you want to keep your Hoover
and you attach this thing with a
screwdriver which is tiny which is the
charger for the Hoover and when you're
done with the Hoover you just hook it on
there and it stays there until you want
to use it again and it's just constantly
charging and it's the best thing ever
whenever I need to do but I just go in
the cupboard grab it boom
turn it on Hoover everything up
obviously this needs to have an
attachment it comes with a bag of loads
of attachments for all those
nitty-gritty things for the sofa for
little corners this is the main one for
everything so you just put it in like
this make this like that click it clip
it in you just do that and it is so easy
man oh my god I used to dread Hoover
ring now sometimes I'm just sitting
there I'm like
how are i'll just throw these crumbs on
the floor from my biscuit cuz i could
just go in the governing and even though
no I mean it's great honestly now
hoovering isn't like a chore like if it
makes a mess if I make a mess on my
brother way I'll just get over and it's
like boom boom so easy man where's
before oh gotta get the Hoover out oh so
heavy such a big bulky annoying pain in
the backside Hoover but this is so
hidden away you grab it with your hands
like that boom boom put it back oh my
god guys honestly this is the best thing
on my mummys favorite by the way this is
not sponsored or anything nothing by the
way we bought this and we flip in love
over and if you want to get your mother
a Mother's Day present for this Sunday
get her one of these
voila he is the best who but all the
dust goes in here and then you empty out
by just pushing down this thing and this
bit opens and it just empty straight
into the bin pop it back honestly oh my
god it's Mother's Day on Sunday I'm like
yeah ok I got to celebrate with my
mama's up but I'm a mother this year so
it doesn't get me something from Hannah
I'm gonna be for you me anyway guys
bears are my mummy favorite comment
below what your mummy favorites are and
like tips and stuff for mums if you are
one as well because I love reading that
stuff cuz I I just love it anyway thanks
for watching guys until next time
