and on that for me I'd a mama
AIE yo with a rubber hi guys so right
listen why the house is a mess where
your baby stuff anyway
oh my god so uh the other day I uploaded
my this YouTube video that I filmed
really randomly because I felt like I
needed to vent and it was all about SIDS
wallet my husband's wallet pissing me
off basically and in the end it all back
at the end of the video I ended up
cutting up his wallet anyway this
Facebook page called Asian lad has
shared it and the Facebook page isn't
huge decending got like seven thousand
nine something but basically they've
shared my video and in one day's got so
far 675 thousand views so it could go
viral and it's the views are just going
crazy on it but the downside is they
didn't share the video from my YouTube
page they downloaded the video off my
channel and uploaded it to their
Facebook so the views are just on their
Facebook page which is so annoying
because I could have got all those views
on my youtube channel it could have been
like my one viral video on the whole
world and I've been robbed of that which
is so annoying
okay now it's not six hundred and eighty
thousand views and I just refresh the
page this is so unfair it's so good but
also so unfair like my sister saw it
from somebody else not even from my
channel I'm cooking so I thought I'd
tell you you know how many is it trying
to be a bit health for you so I've got
some salmon steak and a got some
mushrooms frying off in there
I added like garlic so I added some
honey and lemon as well and some paprika
random and then we got some sweet corn
and asparagus I'm gonna fry it off and
it's gonna be lovely
where yo dinner this year basic chef
look I'm so cooking hey old scarf Skylon
looks very dinner three four years ago
but it ain't that Ralph dough no no it's
not rough Lauren but ain't that Ralph
dough
oh boo boo be happy be happy boo boo
yeah I think it's a bit close fun
obviously I'm just filming for fun haha
it's just me into it right now where's
your head no don't record lows eclipses
body said since opted for the dummy
that's he the wig hey sounds like old
timer
hmm yes I like that rubber flavor of W
mmm mm-hmm
no Hannah with his always heads up here
I mean come on
pop out
you
we're going to take him back to get Sid
a new wallet you know yeah we all get it
from ticking back to the old world from
taking back there's any feather he gets
another chip on since he came it was
approaching people yes it was I - so I
had the right to cut it up I always come
to Tiki max planning on buying a bag and
there was crap
and then I found one that I really love
by the way I'm wearing my top the wrong
way around you guys always know is I
kind of semi hope you don't notice but I
always do it to give me a bit of extra
coverage think that's the only thing
we've got to do around our area and
we're going to Koster cuz I need to make
a phone call
and I need to change hands nappy and
feed her and I just want a coffee really
um basically I do forgot to tell you
didn't I oh we didn't find it a wallet
by the way because whatever anyway I'm
all cope I home all of this anyway this
morning Hannah had her three months old
immunizations and Tom DeLay she was a
lot better than last time last time it
was horrific she was in so much pain but
this time she cried IR but then she was
okay I'm the lesser I'm so proud of her
masha'Allah masha'Allah anyway
gonna go out coughing aha guys how large
is this vanilla latte up they give me
two handles cuz it's that lot
it literally if I can I could sit in
that cup of coffee so can anybody spot
they find a clue
has been really good
we are them morning everybody how's it
going um I woke up to snow today ah how
amazing it's snowing in the garden this
is still fantastic oh my god
basically Hannah still asleep I hope I
haven't spoken too soon but I woke up
earlier than her so that I can come down
and have a coffee in peace thank God and
finish up a blog post that I was doing
which isn't that great but I put it up
anyway and basically I want to show you
something
by the way yesterday I spent like most
of the day hiding and cleaning and mate
said look after Hannah and if I never
thought I could enjoy hiding and
cleaning the house but it was kind of
like Oh anytime and instead of like
doing basically I got to do things I
don't normally do because normally
silica is hot anyway look I bought a new
breastfeeding pillow yeah over looks
huge on camera there is hell all so soft
anyway I'm gonna feature it in my new
favorites video because this is my old
one this one and this is like the
standard shape one where's the new one
is like softer and more squishable and
you kind of mold into whatever shape you
want I've got to show you another thing
I'd watch me if I just go upstairs real
quick cuz it's to do with makeup this is
my current one anyway then I found
another one on eBay which is smaller
which I can put my lipsticks in easier
which means I don't have to rumble
through my favorite lipsticks like that
I can just get them like that and then
I've got some foundations then I've got
my eyeshadow palettes blusher and things
like that so yes there's only 30 pounds
this one I think basically guys I'm like
very depressed because I've really been
trying to buy it but I just can't move
the baby weight I can't move it and it's
not easy for me to lose weight anymore I
don't know why but it's very difficult
and it's really stressing me out I just
can't lose it I really can't
especially when I'm breastfeeding and oh
my god right it's a bit like TMI does
not need too much information
I'm like so not with the cool kids
anymore but basically my
just won't stop growing and its really
doing my head in because one thing I
really enjoyed about myself before was
having a smaller upper body and now it's
not that case anymore and I can't
control it
because of the breast feeding so really
I feel really bad saying this but I
can't wait to stop breastfeeding even
though it's really nice and we bond and
it I am going to be sad just stop by
Ashley can't wait to stop breastfeeding
two fingers though I'm trying to get
Hannah used to a bottle from now because
well because I want to go out sometimes
and know that I can that she can be fed
without me being there which means she
has to be used to about or whether it's
formula in the bottle or my breast milk
pumped whatever but finding it really
difficult to get her used to a bottom
we've been trying it for about two weeks
and it's just it's just not happening
and we've tried a few different bottles
and different teats and stuff but it's
just not happening so any tips would be
great
because I really need to stop I am yet
to have like a day out or like any time
to myself properly outside without
Hannah and I don't know I'm just really
rambling now but anyway bags mega bags
like to do my eyebrows on it too good
such a month I bought new trainers I
bought their are they called her a she
trainers I keep calling them her ushi
because I'm stupid it's just like their
her Archie trainers the night karate so
I bought those
I'm sited to Eva's because I can't wear
anything but flat shoes really hi guys
so basically we're going out because
we're going to London next week I want
to get Hannah like a really cool play
gem or something like that because we're
saying at myself place
and so she doesn't have the mama room
days there's nowhere where she can cut
into sick and lying down the floors can
be wooden and target play gym and I'll
bring anything maybe
so go in there and I want to go to ATM -
don't I have it I do want to go to etch
them and I want to see if I can find
ankle boots even though I order some one
line on sale but I don't know if they
gonna fit so I'm going to see if I can
find some and then the ones that come on
line I just return it so may look at
Hannah's dummies looking she did before
first of you bears at the regular
Duffy's and you buy in the last longer
so it's got the radio one which is very
rude when I'm trying to vlog anyway I've
got my old scarf cylon they spend in
chat again and although I've been trying
my old style again just because it's
colder but I feel like I should never go
back to it doesn't it just looks too
young now it looks like they're between
80 even high school year old high school
it looks like a college style now so
disillusioned anyway just like my duffle
coat it's from Zara also in the sale
guys I've got something very exciting to
show you which is basically members or
gels can do a jewelry collection with
stillness well it's almost ready so I'm
gonna show you all bubbly
so I'm gonna show you it when we go I'm
very wear makeup miss adore fighting and
I'm a mess man alive forget Madame I'm
just important and we're in TK Maxx
again she'd have to get handler out the
problem she's moaning but guess what
he's doing looking for a wallet lon
all of this is Syd Syd shopping I found
him a really nice Jaeger jacket yay guys
family let's it's so great Hanna needs a
nap changing so he's changing out in the
car while I go to Smith's and see if I
can find her play mat play gym think but
not of the habit in here to be honest a
week so I look so bad today
you
okay I've chosen to get this one
hopefully she liked it and it will give
the occupied Oh which one zero you think
on it guys
we're going down the lift in with Island
sits been shopping like a lunatic hello
we're having a feeding break in the car
before we go to Tesco and we bought
macaroons from TK Maxx all we're gonna
mention the macaroon thank you now tasty
non-supe well a little noises are making
air Avenue you know anything all day
yeah guys we are now in Tesco we got
Hana in the trolley it's been so good so
far like I don't have to do anything
other than feed her you know the nappies
he puts a nut corn on my gas talk what
does this was good God said guys check
it out remember I told you I was gonna I
was designing a jewelry collection with
stillness I'm just gonna you have a
little look if it folks sounds hey go
his necklace number one they're quite
long as well and his necklace number two
lovely necklace number three bring
numero uno nice chunky medallion style
ring numeral City a nice easy stackable
ring okay so get your ugly thumb out of
here hey you go why don't you look at
Sid - he's having a fat day guys Hannah
started laughing if we do this ready hey
hey she's not Paulo
she's the white link what she's not
ready hey hey hey hey hey hey hey a PS
huh CID lips we just
ruined my makeup like I can't I'm not
even over it and this is the only thing
that I could save my - shut up sit yeah
carry on cleaning bitch she ruined my
Mac make my Mac Foundation he ruined my
other two face melted lipsticks he
ruined Oh basically almost all of my Mac
lips are basically that's all like save
himself just had a really bad getting
dressed day today like just like nothing
fits and everything's pissing me off
it's cuz you're fair yeah it literally
is cousin fat because I had baby ins
eh-eh-eh-eh
please go anyway so I'm really really
depressed basically I can't lose my baby
weight I'm just getting bigger because I
just want to eat all the time so I can't
wait to stop breastfeeding oh my god how
funny look look at that my scarf blends
in with the wall so it looks like I've
got no head I do look I'm eating banana
mmm guys literally just copied Ed
Sheeran Oh Justin Bieber yeah it's not
we're going to reveal in so I can return
a stupid card available just bought this
new bottle of Hannah this morning and
with this little a texted it isn't it
with this latex teat instead of the ones
she's been trying because she just will
not take the other ones so she has a
dummy with the same tea as this made-up
latex and it's the only dummy she takes
so we thought maybe we'll try this one
hopefully which there's only about five
pounds from boots so I really really
hope this works a shot loss of
get back to going out and doing things
hopefully guys I really want to film
like a you know like a Adele and what's
the name what's that dude Jimmy give you
anything for James Corden ain't no the
carpool thing that he does I want to
film that I wanted basically film music
karaoke in the car like jamming to our
favorite songs as a whole new TV jokes I
think that would be really funny so for
that
Louis down
so the West this one's over
today for my my blog but anyway just put
her in the car and basically what
happened today is we went out to shoot a
an outfit which is what I'm wearing
right now and because I'm going to do
little flips again I'm going to try and
do look books every month for you guys
the March April instead of doing seasons
I'm just gonna do look books for every
month because like that's all fun okay
so I don't get those lyrics if you like
the way you look so much you should love
yourself obviously if you like the way
you look so what you already love
yourself or my missing something Thanks
why missing something with the lyrics
yeah
what what do they mean like a it's like
a if you love yourself so much that
you oh if you like no way like you if
you like the way you look so much then
you should love yourself then you should
go and love yourself oh I see what he
means that all girl up you'll ya gonna
love yourself but don't love me love
yourself I get it just it beats I get it
guys yesterday was Valentine's Day but
we don't celebrate that stuff because
Valentine's Day isn't for married people
because you be Valentine's every day the
life and tag we're going to Cannock
Chase boss Forest to do a little walkie
walkie with Hannah banana because as you
can hear she's getting quite boards of
these walls are yeah mmm she it we're
gonna do great big walk guys where the
other people walking I think we're on
the wrong thing man we on the bikes no
we're not on the bike one yeah we are
are you serious to turn around let's
just do it but thing is we have to know
how to come back because if Hannity is
nappy change or a feed I'm not doing in
the middle of Forest Lake not hanging
out there for that
guys all these trees guys you know what
they remind me of what Mikado's
mccullough discrepant hannah tripping
and i had 20 minutes of it and now she's
annoyed so we've got to go indoors and
it's probably tension up here fees or
whatever but my hands are 34 go back
home I already good that's our outer
dozen three massive chairs in the middle
of for us cuz of the isn't bad it's the
story of the three bears yeah we had to
go home we had to go home how do we have
to go you so upset all the time all the
time you upset please don't be upset
you're supposed to like wildlife and
beyond nature e02 real quick 0-200 real
quick yeah yeah yeah Hannah banana
banana ha ha ha
I'm just here eating a baguette guys
honey bun onii-chan is watching
basketball this cage every time I'm out
it to take care of Han up a bit this is
what they end up doing so bad no
Superman look it up you got
super guys how I just had the last set
of her immunizations and it's literally
the worst thing on this planet like
Chicago how heartbreaking it is isn't it
isn't it let me give them so much in one
girl's horrible anyway
I'm just go I'm given that Cup or just
pull just hope she's okay because the
first time she had these she was like
hysterical for most of the day so shot a
lot she's not bad to first every day
wish me luck anyway I'm same reason we
figured out how to do the things first
time for everybody thing is I can't see
 all right
when I say Jews I as a Hannah sleeping
like to do the angry sleep and she's the
way
there's traffic job you know and asleep
Louis and cuz she's hungry started going
in her sleep I'm just looking for some
PJ's I can't find any Oh guys by the way
I forgot to tell you we got the maxi
Cosi car seat from your recommendation
so thank you very much for that few of
you have asked where I get Hannah's baby
goes from because you like the pattern
is there from Thames breeze and it's
just like a pack of three four nine
pounds there's a little Ken on it so
that's where we get the baby girls from
for sleeping and for outings like
supermarket when we can't bother
changing her we should go in a bit wild
with the fruit veggies trying to be
healthy and ting
and it just woke up
what happened to the diet I used to
download back at these back in the day
if this kid con was this for usual
Oh
just getting some peace yes we shall go
home please and thank you very much so I
can have a coffee and give Hanna's a
boobie
oh how they've only you could eat mmm
you're missing out on so many yummy
things yeah you are
is that funny you can't wait to eat and
you still got another two months another
two months another two months
