it's been ages since I sat in my room
and filmed in my room I don't say that
it's been ages since I sat in my room
filmed like properly for you guys so I'm
a bit excited and I also feel a little
bit like this is my first video on the
planet even though it's like by three
hundred and sixteenth or something let's
get straight into the video today's
video is gonna be my skincare routine
this has been requested probably ever
since I've ever started YouTube and you
know back when I was in a little bit
younger I'm filming on my iPad you know
I did film one for you guys but that was
literally like two maybe three years ago
so it's a little bit outdated basically
since I had baby recently about four
months ago now and pregnancy gave me
amazing skin and amazing hair amazing
everything in fact of them wobbly belly
obviously from her you know after I gave
birth basically what I found was that uh
the skin wasn't so good anymore and
neither was the hair etc I don't know
why I'm telling you why hair cuz that's
irrelevant but telling you because
that's like the package that you get
with pregnancy and pregnancy so anyway
unfortunately I kind of let my skin go a
little bit and I neglected it
essentially because well I didn't have
any time to pamper well I still don't
really have much time to pamper
whatsoever but I do have a little bit
more time because Hanna is now a bit
older which means I can leave her for
longer periods of time without her you
know whining and needing me basically
so she's currently right now downstairs
with her daddy Syd so I found that I
really needed to figure out a good I
needed to take care of my skin a bit
more basically so that's what I've been
trying to do the past couple of weeks so
this is a fairly new skincare routine
for me and I do feel like it is
happening and I guess because I'm
getting older now and like although I
need to invest more time in my skin I'm
gonna basically talk you through my
nighttime skincare routine so it's
whenever I've had a full face of makeup
on like this and I feel like I need to
obviously remove it but also really like
you know care for the skin pretty much
you know guys most days I don't wear eye
makeup and I don't wear it okay it's
just eye makeup I wear everything
Thakur's for me like wearing eye makeup
is like an extra half an hour getting
ready time on top of everything else so
it's the longest process if you ask me
so what I do is I come home and I get my
makeup wives and I get any makeup wipes
this is a packet of boots essentials the
refreshing cucumber for normal skin pack
and I've just had these for a while I
just picked them up but actually really
what I've been using our baby wipes you
know when you become a mother you know
your house is packed full of like big
packs of baby wipes like in fact I'm
thinking of buying them wholesale you
know I just thought if these baby wipes
are sensitive enough for my baby's bum
I'm pretty sure they'll do just fine on
my face and I will start removing my eye
makeup with that first thing I'll do
actually is I'll just get a little bit
of warm water on my fingers and dampen
around my eye area especially if I've
been wearing mascara only and not false
lashes because mascara I find like a
nightmare to get off with any makeup
remover even those really soft ones and
coconut oil I just find it a nightmare
and then I get a makeup wipe and I wipe
it all off all the eye area as much as I
can there's usually a bit of you know
black and brown II where I've been
wearing residue left
and then one or two as I will go and get
a cleanser I have been using this Bobbi
Brown oil cleanser to soothing cleansing
oil and it look like this and you square
two out like that boom boom boom ting
ting ting and then you put it on your
face like that and then you put some
warm water and you start going black
that I did try for a bit removing my
makeup with coconut oil but that just
left me in one great big greasy mess not
as overwhelming as just coconut oil and
it smells a lot better than having
tons of coconut oil on your face in the
past week I have started to introduce
one of these cleansing bro everything's
pink my chair my thing my maker into my
cleansing routine so I'll get my Bobbi
Brown cleansing oil
I'll just squirt some on my cleansing
brush and then I'll use it like so all
over my face to clean the rest of my
makeup off because obviously the makeup
wipe does not get everything off and
this will get you a nice very relaxing
soothing clean going on your face so
I've seen so many people use one of
these spinny cleansing brush things and
I've always been like oh so it's just
whatever I like I can just use my hands
but it's so much easier honestly it's so
much easier to use one of these so I got
this from vanity planet it also comes
with exfoliator head that you can attach
after you cleanse you exfoliate which is
exactly what I do for all my dead skin I
get so much dead skin especially around
here and here especially in the winter
and stuff so but the cleansing one is
super soft and the exfoliating one it is
a little bit harder one set I got that
phone buzzing going on a good day huh
hello hello it's one of those you know
calls that are not welcomed a bigger
cleansing brush I mean it's almost the
size of my head forehead let's say
forehead and that is because the brush
allows you to cleanse your body if you
want to cleanse other areas of your body
you know larger surface
areas like you're behind maybe and then
it also comes with them one of those
pumice stones to get rid of nasty dead
skin on your feet elbows you know to get
rid of all your crusty crusty basically
look at the speed and then straight
after I've done that what I will do is I
will get the exfoliation and I will just
get one more tan exfoliate especially
around here and here and round my mouth
area pretty much forehead I do get a
flaky forehead in the winter but more so
in some actually when I get tan it
starts peeling you don't think once I'm
exfoliated what I will do is I will Pat
my face dry and stuff and then if I have
time or if I'm feeling like it what I
will do is try a face mask
I've been trying these Bobbi Brown face
mall which look like this so they have a
radius boost one and they have a skin
nourish one but I actually haven't tried
these two I'm lying I've just tried the
instant detox mask which is a Hawaiian
seawater and white clay mask it's like
charcoal black and it's great fun using
it basically so I will apply a thin
layer of this I'll leave that on for a
bit and then I'll take it off
so that's face mask done nice done
diddly bang bang bang wash whoa so after
the face mask sometimes I will use a
toner on my face and this is the Bobbi
Brown hydrating face tonic and I just
get a little bit of that and put it on
cotton wool and just Pat it on my face
or I would even get cotton wool and just
use my hand because it just gives you a
bit of moisture back in your face fresh
to death yo and then basically I prepped
my face for the night ready for bed I
will get to my final product and it is
my coconut oil and I've had this stuff
for ages cuz they let me look at the
size of it
I mean that really is size of half-match
often what I will do is I'll get a tiny
amount literally the size of a pea mat
maybe a bit bigger a big pea yeah I'll
get any finger like that and I'll just
wait a few seconds so it's all nice and
melty and then I'll just get all the
fingers like that and I'll just
moisturizer up my eye area I'll make
sure it's all over my eyelashes
my eyebrows and I will moisturize my
whole face and neck it does feel a bit
oily but that's why I do this at the end
of the day and go to sleep with it
because then for the morning I don't
have a face routine all I do is wash my
face and then moisturize with a regular
daily moisturizer and then apply my
makeup so this is like the longest
routine if you would like one of these
spinny brushes yourself then good news
guys check out my description I've got a
little discount code going on for you so
click the link and you will get a nice
nice chunky discount off your purchase
and and you can enjoy it really and you
can thank me later and then if you could
tell but I'm loving myself a little bit
today because I really liking my makeup
this is the Bobbi Brown foundation and I
love it and I won't go through all the
products now because that's long pink
Pham so you can head over to my blog
Dena Tokyo credit UK and find out all
the products I've used on my face today
I will leave links for you to shop all
the products as well I hope you guys
enjoyed this video don't forget to check
out my discount code for your vanity
planet cleansing brush in the
description thanks for watching guys
till next time
