this wallet yeah this is SIDS wallet as
you can tell because it looks like shits
it my lovely my lovely husband SIDS
lovely wallet this is yes this wallet is
the bane of my life yes it really is
this Steve Madden genuine leather wallet
is ruining my life the other day I'm
sitting down I'm feeding Hannah you know
as you do when you're a mum your feed
your child and he walks in after
basketball Dana
where's my wallet dinner with more
wallet Dena have you seen my that is in
my wallet banks where did you put my
wallet I don't touch your wallet number
one I do not touch your wallet you are
the sole touch of your crappy wallet
okay I proceed to suggest to him some
places where this lovely wallet of his
could be and then he has a chief to get
annoyed with me he gets annoyed with me
for suggesting where the wallet could be
I cannot even deal I'm sitting down
feeding the child and so I suggest to
you where the one it could be oh Sid may
be left in the car oh Sid maybe it's in
your DanceSport bag OCD maybe seen your
jeans pocket
oh Sid maybe it's in the kitchen maybe
it's on the Shelf maybe it's whatever
the hell you left it cuz I didn't touch
your stupid wallet he stands at the
stairs like this and he's like you could
help you know instead of just suggesting
like you could get up and look for it
excuse me I could get up and look for
your wallet that you misplace every damn
day every damn day it's either in your
stupid JanSport bag upstairs on your
bedroom shelf or in the flippin car
where you left it when you came home
HSBC crap a taste card yeah because he
really uses that you don't use that's it
a boots advantage card yet because you
really use your boots advantage card eh
there's no money in here whatsoever
subway card you don't get that anymore
oh he's got a Nando's card yet no more
points for you Government of Pakistan
national identity Eagle guys hat no you
don't need that HSBC that's my card
number one thank you very much swirlies
card one in the back here where you're
supposed to have a bit of cash what do
you have Oh a bunch of receipts
what's up complete weightlessness is
this what this let's see home base 23rd
of September why do you still have
Oh boots what date is the one on boots
12th of November that seiner 19th or
flippin September why you still have
that more Homebase petrol station
flipping Selfridges Malo Homebase God
who really loved her face but you see it
is that when you're coming from everyday
when you lose your wallet Mac flippin
Donald's 20th of November you really
need that receipt oh my god then we have
some London Underground 17th of
September Birmingham Airport yeah the
last one thing you had was six months
ago
another London Underground we've got
haagen-dazs from London do you really
need this sir you said you really need a
piece of work if you're gonna have
a wallet you look after it and you look
after its contents
you don't misplace it and then tell you
what to look for it do you understand
yes grab some proper scissors right up
why does like me are absolutely sick of
husband's wallet I goes for keys too by
the way
this feels so good what ya got you want
it yeah I'll just bring it to you in a
minute one sec here's your wallet why'd
you do that for
next time make sure you don't lose your
wallet
