morning guys it's Sunday and I'm going
to wash my tin with their poor new hat
what do you think totally me isn't it
and I've got new boots well show you
those when I get out the car and it's
pissing down so it might not even be
riding but see in a bit Schmidlapp guys
Sam don't Willa let me walk in this
break my neck no you're not gonna catch
it you just I'm just I'm not going to
let go we're just gonna leave it down
okay yeah yeah yeah vide Vandy I'm gonna
do anything I'm just guarding you yep
slowly down yep oh no did you sort it
don't need hassle patterns a waistband
off
we're done now guys I'm gonna put the
jump stuff away put you guys away go
into stable and sort some mango what
else are you thankful for I say I say
thank you to God for giving me a lovely
wonderful girl Hannah card and forgiving
me a beautiful beautiful little boy mica
what do you say Heimdall therefore thank
you God for giving us a lovely house
handle err you know what ham delay means
it means thank you God thank you guys
for giving you a bike of the pink
scooter you do you just never use it
well it's not here in the car now but
you know ham oh you're very very lucky
because some children don't have nice
things so that may be
right guys I've just dropped off panic
on obviously school to big school anyway
this morning I am off to the
hairdresser's to sort out these crazy
crazy roots a lot of people in the
podcast video in the comments decided to
say really terrible mean things like oh
my god you're gonna show you her at
least get your roots sorted that's
disgusting it's not actually for really
shallow reasons like oh because I want
to look better or I want to look
prettier because it's actually the
opposite I look more put together and
presentable really with my head covered
in a neatly wrapped herb and etc just
sort of silent guys and she blow-dried
my hair for me cause when you come back
from school isn't that nice of good do
Oh
so kind of him we can play with them now
come on guys but our head of fresh box
came today which is our meal kind of for
the week good if I've mentioned in vlogs
before but maybe on Instagram and
slightly on my vlog I use hellofresh
because I can't cook but these are
proper meals that anyone can cook
basically and we can all come home to a
decent meal pretty much after a long day
like this you love these things don't
you how to make their sick creeped me
out a little bit a little bit creepy
aren't they kids are asleep
Soni must I'm sorry I'm opening up my
hello fresh box show you what meals of
that can't see Hey so these are the
meals that I chose on my app on my phone
and I go on every week and choose what
four meals I want for the week and then
they get delivered to me every Saturday
I'll give you an example with the first
meal so we've got Ecuadorian style fish
bowl and the yeah sorry yeah
which we'll cook tomorrow I think sit so
that's the meal and then these are all
the ingredients it kind of tells you on
the side and then it also says how long
it takes so 35 minutes on the back is my
favorite bit because you guys know I
can't cook full I can't cook save
anyone's life let alone my own but with
hellofresh basically every time I cook I
feel like I've achieved something
amazing buzz I can pretty much feed the
whole family and it's a different meal
every time and it's not like it's just a
basic meal it's like a meal so you
basically feel like a proper chef do you
remember in the last one of the other
vlogs I mentioned hella fresh and I was
telling you guys about how I've been
using again it's really helped me get
into cooking and not hate cooking
because I hate cooking but once I
started hella fresh as recommended by my
sister I genuinely enjoyed the process
because it is so simple to follow these
are the instructions literally these are
the steps until it tells you exactly
what to do
in the simplest way like if you're
cooking for two people which I won't be
normally I cook for three people because
Mika the baby doesn't he obviously but
if I could for three people if I was
using orange I only need one and a half
so I come closer
one and a half oranges for example if I
was cooking for four I'd need two
oranges so they give you the exact
amount that you need they all come out I
can vouch for Dina they have come out
beautiful and they've all come out Mia
Mia but 100 percent this is my stack of
hello crash meals that's how much I've
used them I've been using them for weeks
right and what's amazing is I've
obviously kept these and I can just get
real spired and I love it because of the
convenience one of the reasons I hate
cooking was because I just couldn't get
my head around like meal prep meal
preparation going to supermarket and
figuring out how much I need without
always wasting it that's why I love
hellofresh
because nothing is a waste works
perfectly for our family actually I'll
probably cook this one on camera for you
guys so you can see the result and I'll
probably take an Instagram picture like
I have them before because in case you
have no it's a hello fresh meal results
are incredibly Instagram about things
dude had a fresh I've invited people
round for dinner Dina doesn't do that
unless she's all doing a takeout for
everyone in it yeah
how many times have we like yeah guys
come round we're cooking ahead and fresh
tonight it's great so for example you'd
look at the bottom of your meal this is
number five and then you'd get me your
bag number five out so everything you
need is in here and this is basically
what you would keep in the cupboard it's
just maybe I really should just go put
that in the pantry so this whole thing
doesn't go my fridge this I'll open this
up and all the items in here well the
chilled are you this is all the stuff
that would go in the fridge basically
ready lads let's get started shall we
I need to get something pots and pans
out actually what we're talking about we
got my communism water line got a can of
coconut milk some Tomatoes a
lovely-looking pepper and orange for
this meal
Oh the exact amount of rice that we need
which is so good because every time I
make rice by the way I always make you
mine is Charlie a national human and
mild paprika's marinate the fish dead so
I'm just gonna read this - I've got my
bowl here and rest and juice the lime
and orange
wheezing install the orange in there
make it a right mess and just makes me
wanna be fresh guys Cuban color with the
paprika
okay oh we didn't ready in the bowl to
mix it basically so it's all marinated
but I don't want to get jewed fishies so
I've got my assistant here with me I
need your hands did to get fishy thanks
love guys we've got the veg top just
need to finish the tomato then I've just
got the rice boiling after that there's
literally three more steps where we
start the sauce I'm pretty much service
so should be done by you all right guys
I'm gonna put it all in this pan ready
then I find it so hard they get it's
like slide making it all fall off the
edges your hands been no no no oh my god
ready
you haven't lost one yet
we have lost any hand I'll be doing this
till it soften then I'll just throw the
coconut milk and sugar
look at that sizzle on the source and
then with the rice we've got some
coriander we'll just add some flavour
basically serve it up
dinner is served thank you to Dina
Tokyo the five-star Michelin chef
delicious for me and said because I've
gone to bed but I've basically kept some
in there for Honda for tomorrow when she
gets in I'm well excited I each other
sit I'm tough
by the way I also have a discount code
for you guys to get 50% off your first
and second box if you just use the code
cook with Dina use the link in the
description then you can get 50% off
your first and second box and enjoy
getting started on your own cooking
fresh meals for you and your family
thank me later
can we eat now
