really yes Connie have you got the
results yeah um anima bye guys I'm back
with another video basically literally
about eight weeks ago I was on the
internet and I thought oh my god I need
to do one of those DNA results test
things DNA results you are not the
father
anyway I need to basically find out
where I'm from okay like properly not
just half Egyptian of English had a
little Google Google search and there's
ancestry DNA which is the really
well-known one but I went on my heritage
DNA because it was ten pound off cost me
sixty nine pound and normally it cost
like seventy nine pound this came
through the post and then I had to like
do it I had to do like a swap a cotton
swab is one thing you got bogey and then
I have to go send it back to them and
then I literally have waited eight weeks
they just come back not even in this
they emailed me saying dude Dina this is
a courtesy reminder that the results of
the DNA test are ready if you have not
reviewed them already you're invited to
do so now and I think I'll just show you
because everybody has it come through
the post except for me and I'm like did
I do something wrong
I'm here I hunt for you to see no email
the reason that is in this video is
because I thought he should know where
I'm from to seeing as you're married to
me dun dun imagine if it goes link
expired I'd be so pissed off but I
bought a page but it's not loading it's
not loaded deena ready to explore your
ethnicity let's go it says Yolo Dina you
are well suited music okay so they can
do like a slideshow for me oh oh hold on
wait go to this one what's the pitch my
students let's show how am I gonna skip
skip all this oh okay
oh so they do it like an amazing like
dun dun turn slideshow but then it goes
too quickly for me to do on the video
slideshow they show you like a picture
of the world maybe we should have showed
that okay
play again do you wanna play okay okay
I'll play again for you guys looks like
a Kamehameha on there not beer
music right skip this let's just go
through it shall we
okay so Tina Toki you are 39.1% north
and west european was there me is this
stuff legit
come on 23.8% Iberian where's Iberia I'd
be back home for this really I should
have done this pursuit as well but I
didn't pay for that country it's an
airline the Iberian Peninsula also known
as Iberia is located in southwest corner
of Europe 11.8% Greek you're great
yeah let's go get the plates is that it
base 11.5% Middle Eastern do you know is
thinking she'd be on here going oh my
god black like Vicky whoa and then he
says 13.8% of three more ethnicities but
doesn't say what these are so let's go
on View full ethnicity estimates Oh
there be more detail than that I
could've told you that
- okay oh my god so I'm seventy five
point eight percent Europe European you
seventy five percent European you might
bear white bill rough and then 12.7%
Africa so we're in Africa North Africa
that's easy Africa West Africa Nigeria
so Europe is northern West Europe and
then South Europe which is Iberian Greek
and then ash cannot see Jewish one
percent one position what's the Ashkan
it cannot see people gonna get triggered
in the comments who says Africa North
Africa is nine point six percent West
Africa is Nigerian three point one
percent so obviously the North African
is gonna be Egyptian mmm Ashkenazi Jew
so are also knows as she can now see
Jews literally
a population of Jews from the Holy Roman
Empire
Luisi and then it says 11.5% Middle East
but doesn't say like we're in the Middle
East so oh it gives you all the info
they said look this video is more boring
than my life this is so boring who lost
it I'm boring hours video but I like
this light right now it's like look many
people know African region known as the
mercury which encompasses modern-day
America Algeria Tunisia Libya Egypt then
what Egypt's in North Africa well we
knew Deena was Egyptian
we already man I'm lady in Egyptian do
you know what I I need to break this to
Baba hate it I need to call my dad up
right now he's gone I call him right now
do you know what's up go on call wait
don't be hilarious Deena's surname is
talky I thought there would have been
some sort of Turkey I thought that would
have been some kind of turkey in there
but there's no turkey in there
whatsoever
he calls me 24/7 maybe he's got no
reception all right forget that Baba I'm
not Egyptian I'm 78% European and then
I'm only 11% Middle Eastern and they
don't even say is Egypt can you believe
it my feast master warmer fish Turkey
when I tip bro that's it that was
really sure
pointless video just as I suspected you
glad you didn't do what what do I need
to know where I'm from yeah we know what
you're from yeah I'm like I'm not trying
to find my parents anything
I'm trying to find my heritage Yeah
right like I was yeah yeah but I thought
I was healthy Gyptian but not who cares
does it make a difference to your life
but to be honest with you I still am
because Bob was born and raised in Egypt
and everything in my barbicide is all
Egyptian culture so like normally
they're more detailed do you reckon I do
support about I think do a better one
than that I'm not spending another 70
quid on that imagine if I do and it
comes back saying yeah totally different
things it probably will probably will
that's what we should have done for this
video comparing what compared all of the
sites yeah
spent a thousand pounds on cotton swabs
that's what should have done that's it
guys thanks for watching see you on my
next video which will be better than
this one bye
