guys hon I just had her first
vaccinations and it was terrifying to
have two in one leg and one and the
other and then she had to have this
thing in her mouth and she cried her
eyes out is so horrible so sad I said
even cried because it was so upset I
didn't cry you're the one who ball it I
love it
said was the nominated baby holder yes
like holder while she's getting
injections because I was like I can't do
it because I don't even wanted to get
these man
I was crying she was going cuz she
offers you some pain and the nurse was
like well done to me guys I thought we
just come to this all-day diner that's
it true my next-door house we never
tried it don't be dead normally do that
but we just try it and it's certainly
quite nice and it is having free week
for coffee and I'm home free and salty
and we boarded the all day vegetarian
breakfast and Hannah is just knocked out
in her classes pretty much here's the
everyday breakfast this is like 100 and
110 thousand billion million calories
thinking I should read a book by
universal code to read we've got those
kiddy books and stuff and then it's a
bit too old for her you know like that
I think this is the book that probably
within a age Joey Essex oh that's a room
books called
the book of you and me this literary was
called the book of you and me this
chapters called grow a cress head what
you need cress seeds an egg
obviously kitchen roll cotton all that
tips or paint sizzle for Joey says
skills my morning routine by Joey Essex
what what you don't like it at all do
you
tell me about it
hi guys Mesa had a meeting this morning
and we finished that and Hanna basically
slept through out the whole meeting
which is great and then it was inserting
Caulfield what am I saying I'm all of
this so we thought we check out
something called built out sense yeah
and the woman that we were meeting was
like Oh small that one city hopes up I
wouldn't get your hopes up and we were
like okay we'll take her anyway I'm came
here and it's pretty decent sushi
doesn't actually know where we live and
that to us this pretty CEO she's gonna
watch the YouTube channel
oh hello lovely lady thanks for
suggesting some culture that's fantastic
it's efficient
I know you got to get the third guys we
got mailman okay gonna go check the mail
out right here oh my back oh my back
okay okay I'm going to sit down and
check the mail for you guys
you what's this okay there's some as
dumb as the mail it would be there
oh my dominoes dominoes I like me some
dominoes gonna open one of these guys up
okay Oh morning guys we've woken up and
we're yells goddess goddess and
basically it's Christmas week so whoa
that's my boy oh and I've just made me
and said bit of coffee on Anna's got
dress that thang so what do we do what
don't you know when when people go like
that like that like ganks away words of
meat
f off no no not F off is it juicy so
piece worth what does juices me that
song deuces
Jesus where'd you take hers brown one
remember that anyway nobody playing
tennis said your coffees on my side
these are beauties Kashmir mmm state
everybody wants to see your new dad
vlogs and see how you feel about being
dad he hasn't started him vlogging yet
so yes alright two months in and you
haven't started anything how'd you feel
about I feel like a dad whatever that
feels like don't know and she's wearing
H&M Jokers which Sid pulled up because
he thought it was cool but I'm going to
pull them down and then she's got a
little jumper from Tesco for four pounds
in the sale yeah yeah lovely oh yeah
Sid's the pop Tanner up his side to
dress her as an Arab Saudi messed with
her muslin cloth and they're super
upstairs in the room we have like old
clothes so I tried all these Topshop
boyfriend jeans I have had for like five
years and I've always been able to fit
into them where I put on a little little
bit of weight here and there or not I
went to try them on and they lit you
will not close this is the first time
I've ever happened even though I've been
this weight before hey girlies girl have
to change Hannah again any buns I love
this baby girl like so comfy but it
looks like she's waiting she's but she's
not oh my go on what sorcery is this
guys we playing scrabble die he dies
Syd's go we added the scores up mama's
155 I would I was in your hundred twenty
something and said was on a hot 204 well
getting the Christmas dinner daddy yeah
also doing b2b and the door it's ready
big mistake first Battalion us I'm
sticking I'm in some spreads laugh like
mama still the plate Shepherd chef and
chef Anne says busy putting her to sleep
little want to see she's sleeping you
taste this what talk to you about
Hannah's amazing PJs look at the color
little corner from auntie to see what
did you see hello hit the one she's done
a play sushi change guys we're trying to
make Hannah hold cracker you can take a
nice Instagram picture guys its Boxing
Day you know that means we're going to
sales but this year we go with Hannah
look for hardware
in caramel and a spotty spotty matching
set from H&M she's got this cute with
fries look at this you can please bleep
it
we laughing at guys like what's so funny
I mean I'm a there's no boxes up Oh
boxes I don't know boxing refusing
boxing game oh there's no pole no
rubbish jokes
Oh Hyundai yeah oh my god what what you
telling me he's got boxes because people
need their boxes out oh my god is this
we just found out you know why books are
those called box objects because he's
boxing on television always a boxing on
Boxing Day Boxing Day because the day
after presents people leave their boxes
out oh my god how did you know that's it
I say say oh it's always been that
Barney boxing day school books day
because people leave their books is from
their presence out on the next day okay
so you get collected yeah on Robin I had
no idea that doesn't make sense in any
way I almost had a mental breakdown last
morning because well that's what I've
had basically a whole week of fatness
and I've thrown so much weight and
basically I can fit any kids and I just
like disgusting and wide and fat and
disgusting and gross so where mom's had
a mental breakdown cuz that but in the
end I just wore all black and the
baggies baggy jacket tides all the
floods and floods and clips so yes good
shopping anything for you I bought a
jumper for myself
comments are basically we stock a cozy
club for cozy breakfast how does this
even whole time just still sleeping you
know but hopefully it she makes the piq
Peter he attention and I continue to
think a few hours in shot law Hannah
woke up in species because now she's
just hanging out on our to see having
devised this new year's tomorrow and so
they got loads of good movies on honey i
shrunk the kids memories or what guys we
need a coffee table by the way me and
say it have been on a diet since monday
we're we're just eating veg and dates
and nuts milk Brooks
it does look gross on camera but it's
like grilled mushroom it's not grilled
oven mushrooms all of that and this is
the fourth day we're on it all of this
is like 265 calories that's so much food
how amazing I'm just editing our how we
met Oh gross I got stained so I got had
a puke all over me man video and sis
keeping and occupied with a book and um
guess what is fast diary I guess why
slow constipation what is big if a fat
booty should be that's fat shaming can't
get into that guess why is tall
beautiful guess what is thin me dating
white yeah guess weighs heavy do you
know was heavy
all the stress your mom puts me through
each other guys seeing as Hannah's
finally started to look at things of
later on this map and put toys all
around her so she just seems to be
really bored now when she's got her
waking up time when she's not feeding
yourself in the mirror there's a mirror
hanging off this and I've been doing the
finger puppets hello mr. frog by the way
if you guys won't know what looks like
chicks like a little frog he-hello
taplinger supposed to be honest oil
PMON guys I'm totally moving my room
around so that I can use this water to
take alpha pictures on low what a mess
oh sorry Syd doesn't want to be in there
whoopsie daisies I just filmed my
snapchat Q neighs well it was really
good fun actually to be honest with you
so I'm gonna do that more and more I
think I did you see guys cherry loves me
this guy it was me cup met me hallo Sam
Choji I get attention so thank you thank
you
all about change all of that yet my lil
Madden debate this year guys just got
had his tower on my head for my scoff
while I thought I'd block this this is a
huge section so super is style right
anyway I'm preparing her boss because
she's been fussy as hell and so I
thought she can have some fun in the bar
because she has slowly started to enjoy
boss handle air for the past I don't
know since she was like probably six
weeks she started enjoying bath before
that she was like nah me I'm bathing her
in the sink today I'm using this flour
sponge thing that she sits in obviously
with my support and then the bird baby
bee Burt's Bees think there you go you
can hear her in the back being fussy as
hell I got this off Amazon and actually
I saw it on a Sears page when she had
when she first had Adam she recommend
this or she put up with people to see
yay and it's gonna gonna have one of
those classic pictures we all have as
kids point yeah but I think about this
is it takes it about half an hour to
proper wring it out and hang it up to
dry so are you a hero cozy no ma'am no
ma'am I looks like part of the KKK I
know she does how his hair goes all
curly after the bath and she looks like
a freshly Algerian to me or freshly
Moroccan or freshly Tunisian or fresh
the Egyptian fresh shower basically yeah
someone's gonna sleep right now
someone's tired someone's tired
someone tired somewhat tired someone's
gonna sleep cuz she's tired let's hope
she sleeps for at least an hour
morning guys are you in Punjab because
the best day to find anyway um guess
what came in and my own today basically
you know I reach 300,000 subscribers on
YouTube recently handle air Marshall our
thanks for that guys and let that be my
dress in the back there but basically
when you reach 100,000 subscribers on
YouTube you get like the hundred
thousand subscribers silver thing and my
never came ever
and so we emailed them like maybe a
month ago in it we were like yo whoa
you're like two
hundred thousand subscribers too late
where's my hundred thousand subscriber
clack think and it just came this
morning have a little lucky I thought
I'd open it on camera here's a letter
that obviously everyone gets but I'll
read it out because it feels special
you have just bought something for
YouTube creators accomplished you have
no standing a hundred thousand people
subscribed it down way like two years
too late we no numbers on YouTube can
get really big but we hope you don't
lose sight of the reality behind that
six digit milestone six six million hmm
okay yeah it's just generally yay thanks
okay have a look oh how special is that
as last that you can see me in it
perfect YouTube knows then
da-da-da-da-da
I need some moisturizing but um oh my
god show them I'm soon oh it's not
focused as a fixed dental olanta daddy
no the YouTube are always ready to hang
up I should hang up my room basically
okay basically we're gonna go where
nobody visit this one comes look wait up
basically there's one coming in for
sitting dinner as well the yeah other
channel when that comes in I think I'm
gonna like I don't know you guys should
comment what I should do to it maybe
smash it up or something what's wrong
with you oh no I wanna I want to see if
this is real silver or something like
that so okay so should we do like an
experiment and melt it Oh like you
lookee what your face does mmm steal my
limelight I got an award anywhere now
I'm gonna promise not chat by sits
cooking so I thought I'd play Hannah
look at the finger puppets I got from
Ikea hey this one's gonna eat you mmm
it's not really that I'm used to be
honest with you we're teaching Hannah
how to stroke the cat just letting her
feel some different textures
obviously we wash our hands after that
uh gross he loves it he loves it too
well you know how me and said have been
on this diet since Monday and it's
currently Tuesday so been on it for
eight days
well today we're having a cheat day and
I am going get so much beef facial fill
it
all right I'm left yet and then I'm
going to test go to get water hot
castaway give me an extra desire you
want to fish fillets okay so everything
you text me plus an extra fish fillets
alright then let's do that
the order came to 26 pounds now for
McDonald's its lot got two fish burger
meals each some with flurries some
cheesy bites some apple pies something
like that
guys I hate driving in drive-throughs Oh
down because basically I always like
drive over the curb and stuff and it's
super embarrassing because I'm a woman
ha ha
go after this and get all the junk since
I've been doing this I I've lost 2 kgs
not about to put on
okay thank you
thank you so much I got my food now I'm
about to get up out of here
I feel so American because Americans
began takeaways and think I go drive now
to buy up the cats also deserves some
treats home sweet home I love you I'm a
kid you like awesome and enjoying myself
too much rocks look when you talk one
good ending vlog now so I can dive in
okay
