hi guys so today's vigil I'm doing a
makeup tutorial this is my go-to makeup
look generally the kind of look I would
do if I need to go out somewhere and I
need a full face of makeup but I don't
want to go full on 100% glam glam with
all the bacon and the false lashes and
all that's slightly quicker than all
that but it's a little bit more effort
than the no eye makeup kind of barely
anything look anyway bear in mind it's 9
o'clock in the morning I've been up
since like 6:00 a.m. trying to get
Hannah to continue sleeping so I could
film while she's asleep because I tried
filming this video yesterday but it was
a massive fail because she just needed
me basically so I just had to give up I
thought I could leave everything set up
so that in the morning I'll just sneak
around and fill hopefully so ham
Dallaire so far it's worked I just need
to finish filming this intro and then
fill my little cutaways or products so I
don't wear like a pinky violet lipstick
on it every day the lip color changes so
sometimes I'll go for a deep red and
bright red a pink violet a deep plum or
sometimes I'll go for nude but the rest
of the face is pretty much my everyday
kind of go-to makeup look so without
further ado let's get on to the makeup
ok guys so obviously I'm naked here but
at least I've moisturize my face and
prepped it sorry about the great big
spot on my face as well so I'm gonna go
in with my Maybelline concealer I'll
leave all the product details in the
description for you and I'm just gonna
put that all over my face around my eyes
on my spots underneath my nose around my
lips
then I just take my our teeth brush
which is the size of a teaspoon and
blend it all in and it's pretty much
like a foundation almost this concealer
and that's why I love it actually
because I use a lot of this and then I
use just a tiny little bit of foundation
most of the time and then I take my Max
Factor skin Luminizer foundation and
this is just a little foundation palette
thing that I got from makeup box london
on instagram v mouth then I get my ELF
stippling brush it's a small tiny one
yet sneeze bless you Dina and then I
just literally like Pat that all over my
face
and then once I patted all over my face
I'll just blend blend my learned until
my whole face is about the same color
then I'm just taking my collection
lasting perfection concealer and it's in
the shade cool medium to I believe I'm
just going to put that underneath my
eyes to brighten it a little bit all
right and then usually I use a
foundation brush to blend in my
concealer underneath my eyes just
because I don't know I feel it's more
suited once my face base is done I get
my under Stasia Beverly Hills contour
palette and I just take that and light
yellow powder the balana one I think
it's called and I just set my concealer
with that on to brows we go and this is
my Tom Ford brow sculpting kit and
that's what it looks like gums a tiny
brush that I'm just going to use to
brush my eyebrows up I'm not going to
use the angled brush on the other side
because they're just never big enough so
I'm taking my Mac one and then I'm just
taking the darker shade I'm filling in
my brows like
so I'm brushing upwards to fill in the
front sorry guys I've taken over cuz
Dean is busy painting the back keep on
with a good strokes a little bit Indian
feeling keep the lines straight you know
I'm saying soon and do the flick
Rooney's on the end
check the sir okay go on to the next one
fill it in don't fillet it too much
because you might look like RuPaul and
ain't nobody know wanna look like RuPaul
it's RuPaul oh sometimes girl so then I
did a while I was using just then but
I'm Stacy Beverly Hills
i'ma Stasia Beverly Hills blush for saj
you get the blusher brush you fill in
just under the cheekbones contour
contour slightly oh my god it looks like
you got that drink beard going on there
do the same with the nose in the head
might actually just copy her I didn't
even know why I'm doing this voiceover
so just copy what you see on the screen
and do not listen to me
now right now I'm using the hoola
benefit pocahontas brush basically to
get more of a contour going on I'm still
filling it under the cheekbones why am I
saying I'll it's not me
now I'm using my benefit Dallas sunset
powder I think and I'm just using it as
a blusher and it smells so good - this
does this is my hourglass ambient
lighting powder that got in my last home
using a big Sigma powder brush just to
Pat it all over my face and set my
foundation ojala bless you onto the eyes
guys I'm gonna be using the Tom Ford eye
defining pen so excited about this it's
a mother so I'm using the fat side first
just to draw out the flick from the
corner of my eye out towards the end of
my eyebrows and I'm just gonna join it
together sorry that's not completely in
focus guys I thought it was but oh well
anyway I'm only gonna do the eyeliner
towards the middle of my eyelid not all
the way just because I'm feeling like it
I can
now I'm going to use the other side of
the pen which is a lot smaller than a
lot stiffer just to neaten the edges and
yes you know define the eye a little
more though okay okay ladies now on to
mascara I'm gonna curl my eyelashes then
I'm going to be using my Tom Ford
extreme mascara mascara and it's got
really nice fat brush which can be
difficult to use for some people but if
you curl your eyelashes and then what I
do is I apply altogether about three
layers and in between each layer I just
wait for it to dry a little bit
I'm also applying mascara to my bottom
lashes
sorry guys Hannah is dribbling like
crazy and don't you just hate it when
mascara ruins everything
my lovely tartlet palette I'm taking the
power player shade and I'm just going to
basically get the brush and put it in
the crease of my eye lid to give them I
don't know they just look better
basically blendy blendy blendy and then
I'm gonna take the thinner part of my
double-ended brush and just sweep that
shade on my bottom lash line and then
I'm gonna clean up any of the mess I've
left and then I'm gonna top up my
mascara because I like tarantula lashes
on two lips and I'm taking this lipliner
from Maybelline I believe and it's
called intense pink and I'm basically
just going to use as a lipstick all over
my lips
hey Tom Ford lipstick I'm going oh sorry
honey this is the violet shade Tom Ford
lipstick details of it or am i blurred
and I'm just gonna put that all over the
lip liner basically Pat it around a bit
and then I'm going to make funny shapes
with my lips to try and get the inner
corners with the edge of my lipstick
last but not least guys we've got the
mary lou manizer highlighter I'm just
gonna put across my cheekbones and then
I'm just gonna highlight literally at
the top of my nose not the tip just at
the top the bridge not use that bridge I
don't move and we're done guys time for
a bit of posy posy and then you can
leave to go wherever you're going with
this look I'm basically wet no air so
I'm just gonna go and feed my baby now
thanks for watching guys hope you
enjoyed the Posie Posie until next time
bye hey what I need to do now I wanted
to wake her up and feed her
I need to feed the baby yes okay bye
