I'm so tired today guys basically
literally oh my god no time for makeup
this is why Oh gross I can't even
basically just woke up today but like
half seven with Hannah banana
and she just been awake not be changing
and feeding constant for like three
hours straight so I'm just dead getting
out the house who got the pram me and
Hasson were going for a walk
gonna try and get to a retail part and
try and get to boots and Laura Ashley
which is about training to walk from the
house and find her a nice outfit because
her great-grandmother is coming to visit
tomorrow Gd it's so cold as well guys
but my gem and B bag so unbelievably
handy nice lil snow suit we're going for
a walk she's awake and she's looking
around which is funny hopefully she
falls asleep there and not scream the
place now because if I have to
breastfeed in public I'm gonna have to
go into Starbucks or something I don't
even know what to do but that's why I'm
wearing this big scarf around me so wish
me luck okay
Hasson doing his uncle duties uncle
cousin I sumhassin what are you doing
God yeah cross why we made it to the
winter park now let's see if we can
maybe have some food in Starbucks
awesome get us some nappies from boots
yeah boots first a subpoena
yeah Museo hum guys I have to say this
problem that I've got is rubbish because
you can barely see anything underneath
rubbish do not mind this Pam do not
recommend it big stumble oh my god I
look like I've been beaten up this is
what mother had done anyway hate it when
tables are clean
there's banana chocolate so can I try to
push off this oh my god companies for
real
as I'm doing his standard uncle duties
I'm going to do that it's only like
stupid uncles inducible out there we do
a proper funny
I was really tough
that isn't polite laughter hey - no just
going to say guys nice to be impatient
with me you know what I used to be yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah it looks like at the
end of the day uncle cousin uncle hazard
mother dinner Pippi in there Bobo no
guys I ordered these shoes right yeah
has another girl looks sick camera up on
me right now let me tell you our little
salsa I got these strangers like two
three years ago and hasn't look like all
my days as such a cab mate three years
later and he's ordered his own pair okay
ha ha
because the Mandan told me to in it what
minded command them let me and Hannah
got some connections going on because
I'm going to have them obviously my best
friend so far sing her a song castor
take time if a man one try me no time
you same but when I run up onstage I
pick up the mic in its reload time after
the show I'd be rolling mine don't care
about the no smoking sign they're trying
to steal my vision this ain't a culture
it's my religion God knows I don't want
to go prison but the man want try me
trust me listen me my Jesus get the
police we don't listen to no politicians
resumes amazing
great granny jay is here she's going to
be called
gggg or just GG by hannah she's in this
lovely outfit to the GG bought her this
the tights are 0 to 6 months so a flaw B
we're just taking out four pictures of
banana watches chillin
Judy how does it feel to be GG gg
alright better than I expected
you don't feel as old as you thought you
would see little no no guys we just
spent the last doesn't know 30 seconds
taking a generation pic for generation
pics a Judy mama me and then Hannah and
here's the generation video without
Hannah's face sorry about that yeah oh
my lipstick gross come to coffee shop
with mom and Judy and basically I'm in
the toilet feeling Hannah you've been
here for like half an hour people think
oh god gravy cuz you're just crying and
I have to change an RPN that has people
must think I'm Linda
I know feeling Hanano went together so I
could just move Wow every time I think I
look decent let me film a little bit I
go on the camera I just looked like an
academic n anyway guys I can't I can't
remember like doing the filming if I've
been telling you what I'm doing and that
but in case I didn't tell you I've been
in Cardiff for the past like just over a
week trying to get like a training
course with my mom for a bit of help to
get me confident with Hannah and things
like that anyway so enjoy a lot Syd's
coming to pick me up tomorrow to go back
home to Birmingham and I'm kind of
excited I want to go back and start
doing like my own routine and trying to
get the hang of things by myself or with
just said now hopefully and Hannah's
cord fell off and her bellybutton
has turned into just a regular belly
button now so I've been waiting for that
before I like use any kind of products
on her during bath time she's only have
three baths in her life by the way about
this set which you can also get in John
Lewis by boyfriend boots to try out I
don't like the Johnson so I thought I'd
try this but really I want to try and
find something that's like all 100%
natural but I haven't been able to find
that yet so any suggestions for baby
shampoo and stuff like that this just
all natural oh she's just downstairs
with her kid do my dad granddad and
she's pooing I'm farting like crazy I
can hear Bob we're gonna go Oh Hannah
two weeks old today I'm dilemma shallow
which means I'm three weeks postpartum
and it's so crazy because during the
pregnancy I was I don't feel like I put
on mega weight but afterwards during
breastfeeding I feel like I've put on
weight from that which is just crazy
because I might as well of just not
worried about what eat during pregnancy
having said that though that I think it
did help with my labor making it quick
and easy handily so I guess it's worth
it for that anyway yeah I feel like I'm
putting I'm putting on weight because I
now I'm eating loads and because I've
been with my mum for like the past
almost ten days and she's been cooking
proper meals for me cause she knows it's
hard for just means it to sort that out
when this just means it so I've been
eating like proper big meals and proper
breakfast proper big meals you know so
yeah I feel like I put on weight but
anyway once I hit one month post
pregnancy I think I'm going to try and
get back into working out
I don't know I don't feel like I can
squat and do those kind of exercises
just yet but maybe I can do some really
really light cardio or something I got
some exercise actually rocking her to
sleep earlier on today I started doing
it with a mini squat and did like my
Nana
anyway Weber bubu all right BOM is not
expected
boo-boo toast about sipping she was she
to passive acid in the past about some
good dancing dancing Godsey please dance
about the dumping me on the internet
doing a stupid song you suck in my
shoulder guys I'm back in Birmingham
with the the person who also created
Hannah and there he is attempting to
hold her you know this is it now I've
had my little training course with Mama
it's chose Hannah's just had a feed and
unhappy change and now she's just kind
of hanging out really and it's nine
o'clock and she's gonna have a bath and
then hopefully by about 10:00 half 10
maybe probably 11 actually hopefully
we'll all be asleep in Charlotte ah see
boom now you go do this bouncy bouncy
boo boo bouncy bouncy boot that's to
choose this
that's the tune come on what's wrong
with these people
actually smiling these people are they
trippin ya know do hope Ripple we you
dropped the cup we know said this is
right easy look at oh gee look at his
hair this is his winter coat everyone if
that's not amazing look at that my god
ah he's so gorgeous go sleeping George's
I thought that trying to my face and
said I can try and film my Navin
delivery video a few days later the
music have gotten in the back is just
some like lullaby music I found on
YouTube better now actually um yeah it's
hilarious earlier on this morning she
was sleeping in it so I thought oh my
god I can make myself a cup of coffee so
oh my god I still haven't got the hang
of doing makeup since I've been a mum
don't know why anyway I decided to make
myself a coffee and I did it all by
myself and then I made myself toast and
it was so funny because I was eating my
toasting having my coffee and all the
crumbs will go in on hammers hair and I
felt really bad and just now had a
cookie and the same thing happened so
don't judge me I managed mascara I'm
sorry but if that's not an achievement I
do not know what is today I am super mom
sorry but mascara on and what the hell
at G burn just been taking Hannah's out
for the day I love this baby good thing
from Charles play yeah that's what they
call Chopin his looks are still too big
success they'll be a big success their
stocks listed like a little camera see
guys I'm trying to like find somewhere
to fill because I've lost my tripod with
all the crazy active baby stuff so I'm
trying like for my camera on a
windowsill
so anyway maybe like this look a little
bit I think that could do it means to be
a change of scenery I don't have my
lights or anything
mmm
just film like this and just do it don't
like you and you can see the windows
hello
you
hey guys today Hannah is not sleeping
unless she's in SIDS arms and so I've
put the wrap on him and he's worn it
with nothing else on this otherwise it
gets really hot and she's just gonna
sleep with you and what do you get
something okay thank you
am I having up my leg around spending my
labor delivery video we got this just
tonight as well
we must coming down to the husband and
she's cooking for us you know that is a
good friend when they want to come over
and they were cook so you can eat some
good food
then good guys dream is invaded my
kitchen
rimas comfy Hannah's you haven't even
shown him touched hair what the hell
scared a baby
but look what she's doing she's cooking
in our kitchen she just taken it away
she gonna cook the Lebanese food whether
you've already made a me know what is
this this is a camp learning I made love
nice food yet fun oh is this the Italian
on yes so look she's also pitch came
describe big BOTS and just rolled in the
kitchen like I'll look at Hannah later
and then anyway Twitter she's starving
let's tell them about our husband I've
just met okay they met at Reims wedding
but he was getting married so stiff you
wanted enough time to me sit properly
then so today is the first time they've
actually met in our house and we've left
them in the living room and it's so
hilarious listen to their conversation
cause they're so awkward they're talking
like how did you get here I'll get on
the m4 and the m6 and what's the weather
like
yeah first year of marriage so difficult
in it brother yeah well I'll have a
coffee yeah poor guys but they're gonna
make friends on Hamlet like penal should
I just do Smee
oh look one apron no oh that looks like
it's blood-stained that does guys Rima
cooks whoa
Rios homemade cupcakes
whoo thanks Rima she made great food she
fed as well I'm at leftovers so many
leftovers guys Nick this is my dinner
for the next week pretty much me my
love's Choji no guys whatever you do do
not trust your cast with Reba I'm just
gonna leave it at that
there's a snowing I mean one room is
cupcakes I'll taste so good it's snowing
Oh Chris Murphy look at Reema's cake
presentation Oh see that it's good on
there look Christmassy with that that
looks lovely we changed their silver
thingy to a and a brown border because I
saw more of that London II kind of you
know cheeky kind of thing causes Reema
being OCD about presentation of her
kicks and we're going to have mint tea
nobody has a minty and this is really
like the English breakfast tea just
letting Reema know that she's in my new
mom clock this is my first like social
times mum
fantastic thanks very much Reema it
makes me really want to socialize only
with you this guy's dream is pouring
husband submit tea and she obviously
almost overflowed come on you to schlep
it so they can presentative guys I just
thought I'd show you basically you know
I've been trying slings but this is
something called the suit shirt for
America and I bought it with a little
bit small but I thought I'd just try it
a little bit around the house when I
make coffee in that especially quite
good look I just got my PJs on and then
I'm carrying Han around like this pocket
this little dress that Reema bought for
Hannah is I can't wait oh she can wear
is a bit big white house for six months
but how key is that a lowered a lovely
lady who was one of rhemas clients and
sent me a hamper made just for Hannah
which I haven't opened yet but Reema
ball to over to me yesterday I just
think it's so nice of her look
she actually does this for her business
so if you guys want gifts for other
people who had babies and that
check her out on Instagram her Instagram
is that's a good question just made
myself a coffee so I'm gonna have that
and then I am basically gonna get
working on my blog guys I've just been
writing about the you know the baby
blues but you guys should make anything
there whatever but you guys should go
onto my blog which is Deen Tokyo good at
UK and have a read about it because I
feel like this month we talked about
that much or maybe I feel like that
because obviously I wasn't really that
interested in before that's a difficult
thing to talk about because it's really
difficult to explain the feelings that
you go through because they're really
weird feelings to try and process or
really weird like it's just really
really it's such a weird thing but I'm
trying to write about it I'm trying to
like put it into s but I'm finding
actually very difficult which is
annoying because I also find it very
difficult to try and explain it by just
talking so anyway check out on Deen
Tokyo UK and let me know what you think
okay goodbye
also guys I totally forgot but the other
day in the post I got these two
cookbooks from Selena Selena / Malou
who's a chef TV chef and she sent me
these in the hopes that I will let you
know get inspired to get healthy Panna
and basically I cannot wait what great
inspiration for me if I ever get around
to you know actually cooking hopefully I
can share it with you guys on the vlog
or put on the blog or something but yeah
I can't wait to do that and also maybe
I'll get Sid to do some of her recipes
as well hopefully it's gonna be fun
Deena's gonna start again well thanks
for watching goodbye
