hi guys Wow feels like I haven't done
this in ages and that's for girls I
haven't
anyway oh let me just fix my scarf it
was really done nicely and then I had to
have some Pringles so guys I'm back and
today I'm going to be doing my labor and
delivery story as a kind of comeback
because obviously you guys now know that
handle air I gave birth and I had my
baby and I'm no longer pregnant warm so
you're not going to be seeing any more
maternity look books or you know
pregnancy update videos because
basically no longer lat so now I'm
basically in my fourth trimester which
is the crazy trimester of having a baby
and dealing with the weight that you put
on and dealing with becoming a new
mother sorry just fixing myself there
and all that lovely lovely stuff so this
is probably going to be quite a long
video so I'm just going to get straight
into it because really actually I don't
really know my full labor and delivery
story because like most of the time I
was high off my head on gas in here it
was a Sunday night I remember on this
Sunday night I was editing my last
proper video for you guys which was my
autumn makeup tutorial I was editing it
all day and it was taking me absolutely
forever but I was just like I have to
finish editing this today because I have
to get it up because I feel like I'm
gonna go into labor any day and then I
won't be able to do videos rageous so I
was like I'm gonna edit so I remember I
was editing until like 2:00 or 3:00 a.m.
and then uploaded it and finished it and
then I finally went to bed and I was so
tired that day and then I woke up on the
Monday pretty early I think it was like
I don't know seven or eight a.m. and I
just remember thinking oh god I've
hardly slept man but I couldn't sleep
anyway at insomnia what happened is I
went to the loo as you do in the morning
to you know release your bowels and as I
was doing that basically I felt like
what's this this doesn't feel like
regular Pig this feels like something
else basically my water broke but it
wasn't like how you would imagine or how
I would have imagined anyway I literally
and imagine like how they show you in
the movies just like whoosh and bucket
loads of water falls everywhere and
makes a big mess it wasn't like that was
like
little bit Bundys so I wasn't
really panicky or anything like that I
was just like oh maybe I should
reconsider I looks it up and I was like
I think this might have just happened
but I'm not too sure so then what I did
was I went downstairs and I had my
coffee like I normally do and an apple
like I normally do um and then I thought
let me phone the hospital because my
midwife did tell me if you feel like
your water's broken and fell off so
immediately so I fell off so immediately
and actually I waited about an hour to
phone them because of my eyes nothing I
found them and I was like I don't know
if my water spoke but I think that it
might have just a little bit though and
she was like okay then so can you come
to hostel now and I was like oh it'll
probably take me an hour or two because
I'm still in my pajamas and stuff so at
least get it in that she's like yeah
that's fine come in for about half one I
was like okay and then me and said pack
the car with all of my hostel stuff just
in case and we took the car seat as well
just in case we really didn't think that
I'd end up staying there but just in
case that's not still and we told to
just go to one of those regular wards I
don't know what what it's called but
somewhere you go and they like attach
like a belt on your stomach and they
monitor the baby's heartbeat or
something like that and basically we
were in that would monitoring the baby
heartbeat for literally like possibly
about three hours and while I was there
like my water just kept on and on
breaking like insanely and for me that
was the most embarrassing thing ever
because I wasn't prepared for that at
all and I'm not really one who goes to
like the doctors and gets checked up and
you know these areas and things like
that so I really was dying of
embarrassment chilly there was one
really nice Midwife I got to know during
that period in Italian one and she was
really nice and really made you feel
comfortable and there was another one
who just kept barging in when I was like
changing her something I was like tail
please because it wasn't like a room it
was like a water you have a curtain so
someone barges in there are other people
around her just like while we're doing
monitoring they decide to get a doctor
to come and check because I started to
experience some small contractions I was
like hey
got some contractions it feels like
period pain blah blah and during those
three hours they they seem to get
stronger but they were still very very
minor I wasn't worried or I wasn't
expecting anything to happen at all yet
to be honest with you I was like oh I
could be going through this for another
two three days so I was just like
whatever they examined me and I was at
that time one centimeter dilated and
they were like oh you go ages honey boo
boo
and then they examine me again because
they'll get stronger and then all the
sudden I was two centimeters and they
were like okay cause you're moving a bit
quickly maybe we take you downstairs -
there we go - another ward
it was just the maternity ward oh but
just before that actually a woman in the
curtain thingy next to me was a
screaming her fate she wasn't screaming
a face off but she was like I mean you
could really hear that she was in agony
and I was saying the Midwife like what
was what's wrong with her well why is
she like if so much pain and she was
like us because she's like four
centimeters I hate it so this is more
painful right now and I was like oh and
me said we're looking each other like
this does not sound good
we'll go down to the maternity ward and
they're like you can just chill there
for a bit and and if you don't reach I
think four centimeters by 8:30
then you'll have to stay here the night
and you have to stay here the night by
yourself without SID because they don't
have any any visitors or that are having
on staying like there and I was like oh
what the hell I don't want to go to
contractions in the middle of night by
myself in the ward I'd rather go home
like we just thought we'd wait and see
anyway so we just chilled out in that
ward when downstairs to the shop got
some food and drinks and stuff and all
this time I'm meeting my dates of course
whenever I could I remember the
contractions being like painful at that
time but not so painful where so for
example I could still talk to Sid
whenever I got one I was like laying
down I didn't want to sort of stand up I
was like laying down and then when I was
talking to Sid and I was experiencing
when I was like oh but it was totally
bearable still it was getting close to
like 8:30 so then they said to me okay
you know what we'll take you downstairs
to a room so that you'd have to stay the
night by yourself so that's it
with you and I was like ah wicked thank
you so much for that so nice by that
time they were getting quite painful but
they're midwives didn't want to examine
me cuz they were like we know that
you're not ready yet because you would
know if you are ready because you
wouldn't be able to talk to us the way
you're talking to us because at this
time I was still like laughing and joke
and every time a midwife came in I was
like oh is it gonna get worse in this
hole and having a laugh with them and
stuff and they would like trust me you
will know you will not be able to beat
cracking jokes like you are now I was
like okay it's nice because we had our
own bathroom and then a TV so Sid was
watching like top gear and we put
EastEnders on while we were eating it's
so funny on this day I only ended up
having a bite of a cheese Plowman
sandwich Berman almond sandwich and
dates and a bite of prawn cocktail
sandwich
that's all I ended up having that whole
day on a little bit of hot chocolate as
well I could feel the contractions were
coming harder and I was like oh this is
getting but pain from that but it was
still totally bearable like I was still
walking around and having a laugh at
saved way then my mom and dad arrived
from Cardiff and I was like oh you can't
come up in the room because they won't
let anyone in and it's not the delivery
suite yet so me and Sade went downstairs
and chilled in the cafe bits with them
it was like I don't know it was like
half 8 9 o'clock at night at this point
and it was completely dead like the
cafes were closed we were just sitting
in the seats
having the chat with them and we start
with him for about an hour or two maybe
enjoined that hour or two they got
really they did get quite faint Rob I
was getting through them me and Sid had
this technique where I would cross my
hands over like this and grab sits and
his were also crossed over and then I
would pull down on him kind of like into
a crazy squat position like ah like that
so kind of like tug-of-war found that
that really really helped me get through
a contraction especially when they were
like the crazy ones just just before I
was pushing the whole breathing thing
key I thought there's just little
rubbish oh yeah breathe breathe if you
really breathe deeply into your
contractions oh my god it helps so much
you have no idea I kind of got tired and
they were getting bit more painful so so
we were like okay we're gonna go
upstairs now mama and Baba you go to
ours take a nap until we call you and
let you know that you need to get to the
hospital because
Showtime is about
and basically so they went and then me
instead went back upstairs and then
everything just happened super quick
from then on
like literally mom and Bubba went back
to the house and about an hour later mom
had to come back the last chill so
within the hour we were in that room and
the contractions were getting crazy and
I was saying to the Midwife ah I'm
really feeling it now even though I was
still joking I was being like nice and
having chit chat with them I was like
I'm really feeling a difference now like
they're getting slowly unbearable and
she's like okay you know I'll check you
so she did and then I was three
centimetres and I was like see I told
you told you something softness she's
like yeah you're right but they're still
bearable so they waited for a bit and
then and then she came in like half an
hour later and then I was like not joke
Idina I was like okay this really has
and then when she was trying to talk to
me I was like please just one second
second said said I'm doing the whole
pole thing and then she was like okay
she walked out and she came and she was
like okay you want to pack yourself up
because we're taking you downstairs to
the delivery suite and I was like okay
sit
you better call mama but Sid didn't call
mama because he was too busy like
helping me get through contractions and
packing all of our stuff up he had to
carry all obviously because I won't
think I'm I went down to this delivery
suite and it was a bit of a nicer room
but it was a lot brighter I remember
thinking oh my god this really bright
and like whoa everyone's really gonna
see everything and the midwives started
just offer me loads of questions and
filling in these forms and stuff and I
was like okay and then Oh God so I had
my hostel bag with all my clothes and in
my head I was thinking oh is this the
time where I should change into what I
bought to convert it but at this time
the contractions were too painful they
were coming in like far so the space in
between wasn't that much so I didn't
really have time to like I wasn't really
thinking about what to wear or anything
so I was just in my leggings and like a
see-through long black vest and anyway
the midwives they just took over and
they were just like yeah take this off
and they just put me in a hostel gun I
was like I was just going with ours like
you're gone but Nelson I was like tie it
tie in the back yoga all this time I'm
like I'm sorry I'm making such a mess oh
my god
I'm sorry look and they're like Dino is
in hell before darling and they were
just laughing at me and when I get
really hilarious and then all of sudden
I was like there's too much and they was
like okay you can have some gas in here
now and as I look over over so they just
laid me on the bed on my back I was like
how do how do I use this and she was
telling me how to do it I was okay okay
so I tried it and the first the first
breath I took it just went straight to
my head and I was just like whoa I'm so
high I'm so high I was off my head I
completely underestimated gas and air
guys I really thought all gas and air
like it's just the one they give you but
obviously it's not gonna help
like Labor's gonna be horrific but will
or he will I he I could not have gone
through this whole thing without gas in
it basically I did the whole thing with
just got an air doesn't like take away
the pain but it puts your head in this
place like you're still there but it
gives you like a second personality and
my second personality was just a great
big Joker and I was just like having a
laugh and cracking jokes but also like
crying and like screaming and being all
over the place because I was in pain it
doesn't make you concentrate on just
that you're thinking about loads of
other things and so the pain doesn't
seem as bad I just remember Sid and
their two midwives
laughing the head off I can't member was
saying but I just remember saying hahaha
next to me and the midwives like
laughing their heads off at whatever I
was saying anyway at this point it was
quite painful but still bearable the my
only issue was that cuz I was laying
back on the bed I found that really
uncomfortable on my lower back like I
really couldn't sit back anymore but
they just had me in that position for
some reason and because I was so high on
the gas and air I didn't think say Oh
kind of some backup or anything and then
they checked me and then I think I was
four centimeters and they're low okay
you're like in active labour now whoo
and then they were like Tina you're
almost halfway and I was like is that it
I'm so gonna have to do all of this
again and they were like that's the most
difficult bit getting to however many
centimeters the rest should be easy I
was like you want me so I remember them
saying Katie no we need to put this
little clip on the baby's head to
monitor the baby heart or something I
was just on this stage I was just like
you know
mother Carol and so they're trying to do
that and I just remember it was taking
ages and ages and they couldn't seem to
clip it on Hannah's head I'm getting
asked because she had laser hair that
caused me to dilate even more the and
apparently mom said she was sweeping me
at the same time so next thing I know
they're like oh okay you just went from
five centimeters all the way up to ten
in the space of like 15 minutes and then
next thing I know I'm just like in the
stage where they're saying thena
when you feel like you need to post then
you need to push and I was like how do I
know I don't know I don't know where
tell me when to put I don't know I'm
doing but then you do kind of get just
this new feeling and I didn't know that
I didn't feel like I needed to push but
because it was a new feeling I assumed I
needed to push I was like I think I need
to push and they were like well then
push so I was like ooh push it push like
you're having a really big boom like
you're constipated and I was like okay
but it's baby dope
so that was going on for ages the crazy
pain bit is the crazy contractions
before the pushing when you go through
the pushing phase it's crazy contraction
pain but then when you feel the urge to
push it's not painful it's like a really
crazy intense pressure instead so it's
kind of like relieving compared to the
few seconds before that when you're
going through that crazy contraction so
we're going to pushing stuff and then
nothing seemed to happen but even though
they'll go yeah that's a good one yeah
great you know how you see in one born
every minute all that and they were like
Deena we just couldn't cut you a little
bit and to help the baby come out
because it looks like he got a big baby
there and so in the end I ended up
having a episiotomy that's how you
pronounce it I recently heard when they
did that that was horrible and after
they cut me and they told me to push
basically this is what it says anyway
basically having came pretty much
flowing out and she wasn't a big baby
shoots average she was like seven seven
pounds something handle it so she wasn't
massive or anything she was average but
and obviously she can perhaps oh it
really does feel like something just
flew out views really weird I feel a bit
good talking about actually but it
really just feels like this rule and
then babies are crazy and then the
things that come out afterwards
it's like wallahi Niagara Falls is
insane how much your body holds
altogether Hannah and all the contents
with Hannah that came out I think
weighed about a nine or close to ten
kilograms because when I weighed myself
two days after young birth I was like 65
kgs and just before giving birth I hit
70 75 so yeah they didn't give her to me
straight away I don't know what they
were doing because I was all over face I
could just see baby legs on that and
then I think um it was a few minutes and
I was like conocido gonna see her and
they're like and then they just put this
baby on me and then I just remember
feeling something like mushy on on the
bottom of Hannah and I was like what's
this black stuff on though like she
boobs she put on you a lollipop I just
remember as well looking down at the
baby and she just had her hands where
she was just looking at me like that
she'd room and she had her hands on my
face is the one who got the cord and
then I think they they didn't they don't
clean them up in the hostel but they
like kind of wiped them down but they
don't give them about or anything so
they did that and then they gave it to
Sid or my mum I can't remember because
then basically they had to do my
stitches so I couldn't hold them and
then during the time when they're doing
stitches that felt like it took longer
than getting the baby out and during the
whole time I was still on gas on it and
I just remember seeing like this woman
in front of me with a mask on and then
this big light and then this strings
stitches just going blue whoo whoo whoo
that's the mail one of the midwives was
right here next to me I'm on her badge
it said the name and had a date and I
just remember looking at this day and he
said something something 2018
and I looked at it and I said to her how
were you born in 2018 I thought it was a
day of birth and she started laughing
she's like no Dina that's my expiry date
for my badge and uh the midwives at the
end they were like that was the best
shift we've ever had
please come back again I was like I'm
not having the baby just yet honey boo
boo I'm glad I really experienced the
pain of childbirth because I'm like no
way it's like now however if I was ever
to have a second child I would
definitely opt for epidural because I've
already done it wasn't it need to go to
that I just remember sit here and I just
had my arm around his whole head like
this and then I had my arm around the
neck of the Midwife and I was just
holding them in headlocks like this when
I was pushing cuz the question they tell
you to do is crazy man and you just you
just get this crazy strength that you
never ever thought you you could ever
have and it comes out of nowhere I think
I'll do it tomorrow as well but she had
to get out of that headlock because
she's a lady and she's not a stronger
since Nick I remember grabbing the
midwives arm all time are going help me
please help me and then when they were
doing the stitches
I remember said just down the bomb just
watching not affected by it whatsoever
he was just completely like interested
he was like whoa this is crazy
so it doesn't get grossed out at
anything then they let me have a shower
which I found very weird but I remember
when I got up to have a shower looking
down I'm thinking oh my God where is my
stomach gone it just completely where
did not look pregnant
all of a sudden whatsoever and I was
like oh my god this is so weird but so
amazing as well anyway I had a shower
and it was very difficult
showering and sitting down after that
and all that stuff they keep telling you
to sit down because apparently it helps
the healing and I was like I can't
please let me walk I don't want to sit
ever again oh my god as soon as I gave
birth they fed me toast touch with
butter auntie and for me that was the
best thing ever I love to serve butter
and tea and it was just amazing
literally from your head your shoulders
your hands even my hands every single
part of my body was in so much pain and
the crazy thing about giving birth is
that you don't really have time to
recover because you give birth and then
you go home but then you have a baby to
look after and there's no time you can't
recover yeah and then we just home with
the baby and those first few days are
crazy difficult anyway when my mom and
my family left I was like alone
for a bit with Anna and said and that
was difficult because you're just alone
there's no distractions it's just you
and I'm taking care of the baby kind of
thing I just remember getting feeling
really weird and upset and like
depressed and it's such a weird weird
feeling but basically during pregnancy
you spend the whole nine almost ten
months preparing yourself for the labor
and delivery because you think that's
the most difficult thing in your life
but really the most difficult thing for
a new mum is coming home and then
actually having to take care of this
tiny human being I won't go into that
now though because it's like such a
whole other video by itself I won't do a
video on it I'm going to do a blog post
on my blog guys that's my name and
delivery story it's a little bit all
over the place because I was all over
the place at the time so I'm just
literally shying away to you guys thanks
for watching guys until next time bye
