hi guys so face video basically I'm
bringing you a autumn makeup tutorial
autumn / winter kind of winter I don't
know I feel like for winter you should
always go for the like of the ready lips
so for this look I went for like purpley
kind of use brownie I think okay I tried
Oh
makeup on the teeth oh that's all anyway
annoyingly when I tried this off-camera
it came up perfectly but it is so
difficult to try and film makeup
application on camera is so much more
difficult than just doing it by itself
in front of the mirror it's a very
dramatic look so obviously not every day
unless you're like a big makeup person
event or something and you want to go
really dramatic wintery oh I'm so
excited with this weather change that's
happened all of a sudden it's so cozy
cold and I just can't wait for winter
I'll leave you guys to watch the
tutorial it's quite long so the first
thing I did actually was I primed my
eyes with my Mac soft ochre Paint Pot
all over my lid with my finger and a lid
on the bottom for this eyeshadow look
I'm going to be using my new toilet
palette I'm going to take this Ecotools
brush but it's double sided I'm going to
take this fat side over here and I'm
going to take the color wanderer and put
all over here
in this section you know which is you
know is that the crease or above it even
I'm just going to go wild with it
basically so here I'm bringing up all up
in here and I'm also going to bring it
underneath don't laugh at me if you
think my application is really messy do
i but it guys you know hey now I'm gonna
go for this really dark brown over here
it's called multitasker I'm going in
with the other side of my brush gonna
put back just underneath me I like that
really I'm good quite heavy with that as
well
gonna keep building it up until I'm
satisfied basically with that now I'm
going to grab a flat brush this one I
just got from Primark actually I'm gonna
take this color over here and it's
called bombshell and I'm just going to
pack all over my lid basically and gonna
go completely wild with it look and look
like little clouds and Hills how pretty
like this like that on the outer edges
where I'm going to take this little
blending brush that picked up also from
Primark yeah and I'm going to blend it
really that's what I'm doing here
wow I look so bruised right now I'm
going to go for the color which is next
to bombshell and it's called best friend
and it's a lighter purple and I'm going
to put that here in between the orange
one and that really dark therefore I'm
going to do this with my eyes open
because if you keep your eyes open when
you apply eye shadow and just let me
look down you can see how it's going to
look when you've opened your eyes I do
want to get a bit of a purpley kind of
you going you know that's kind of a
theme perky brown kind of thing you know
underneath my eyes a bit as well here
well cuz why not you know and blend and
I'm going to use this L'Oreal pencil
liner in Ebony I'm going to just put
that in my waterline hopefully as
smoothly as I can with my water so easy
when I do this man now I'm taking this
little brush this color called
supermom put that in the corner of my
eye here just to brighten up the area
hopefully the eyeliner and that would
mix and create a disgusting grey eye
bogey that always happens to me oh okay
okay guys now we're gonna go in with
some eyeliner Tartus clay paint liner
I'm using the little brush that comes
with it and we're just gonna do a little
wing create a little wing
now I am taking my artist of makeup
extreme art liner pen that I've had for
quite a while actually I think I've had
it for almost two years it's lasted ages
I use it mainly to neaten up my eyeliner
because it's got a really really thin
tip okay that's probably about as sharp
as I'm gonna get it in this position now
I'm just gonna curl my eyelashes okay
now if I lashes I've got this pack which
I bought from I'll or London I'm gonna
use the top set over here number one two
one and as you can see the band is like
really really thick which is why I
haven't put the eyeliner across all of
my eye because this kind of acts as an
eyeliner and I'll just fill in the gaps
when it's on I'm just gonna wait for
this glue to dry I'm gonna look down in
the mirror place it on there like that
not bad not bad actually take my
telescopic mascara and just brush the
underneath a little bit very lightly but
also going to be brushing my lower
lashes also very likely now I'm going to
go back to my artisan makeup extreme
liner pen and what I'm going to do is
apply a tiny bit eyeliner just over here
to kind of join it and if I close my
eyes I'm going to get rid of the gluey
things and just need up the line as well
hopefully okay guys we're finally done
with this eye I hope you guys find it
easier to do than I bloody did because
this is a really heavy eye look I'm
going to try and keep the eyebrows quite
light when I'm going in with my
collection eyebrow kit I'm just going to
take this really dark color really fat
angled brush and start to fill it in
okay that's really lightly hopefully I
always say one thing and do the other so
I'm not going to go wild on my eyebrows
Oh see that was too much read it up
penis read it up oh does not work
on this battle now I'm going to take the
lighter brown and fill the front think
that is enough for the eyebrows for
foundation I'm gonna use my Max Factor
skin Luminizer the color golden actually
have new brushes to try and this
wouldn't be the first time I've used
them I bought the artiste brushes artist
brushes they look like big spoons
you just get to share this experience
with me and I'm actually just gonna put
on the foundation straight onto the
brush and then I'm go
feel so soft oh god I hope this works
not too sure how well it's gonna blend
because I've never tried it by the way I
don't prime my face like I don't prime
my face maybe I should start priming my
face pretty soon though I don't know mmm
bit more foundation feels lovely feels
like a massage
oh this is like a facial massage I say
this is good for your skin this has got
to be good for wrinkles than that
Bogey's I always have bogeys when I film
man so annoying
yesterday the insid went for another
spicy curry and oh my nose was running
like a lunatic okay that's enough
foundation nice brush so far now I'm
going to go in with concealer and I'm
going to take my collection long-lasting
one I think is called more medium three
tone and I never stick get all over Anna
Mars because we got a lot of eye shadow
to clean up from you know I mean a lot
no I'm saying drop yours
I feel like my nose has not been
foundation covered very well actually
but don't worry about it
you do that with the concealer then I'm
going to take my other new artist brush
and this one is the oval six brush so
basically it's slightly smaller a little
teaspoon hmmm um I'm gonna blend
basically oh hello like I like it think
I like a lot
woo you can diffuse look not short it's
small enough to get right in there there
I'm going to take this elf foundation
brush to sort out the rest of my
concealer
hey guys I think that's enough of the
blendy blendy my Anastasia Beverly Hills
contour kit in lighter medium and I'm
going to take my Mac 100 brush which is
a contour one I think and I'm gonna pick
this dark color right over here what I
have today was like a banana at a coffee
so I really can't wait to eat after this
for you guys hey that's enough of that
same on the other side
little bit on my chin and along my
jawline all of my nails
besides my foreheads right there my
foreheads did you hear me just say that
I said foreheads long you don't have one
being there but you have about five
Chin's gonna take on this color over
here to very lightly set my under eye
concealer just with this concealer brush
no baking happening today know that
because really it's just not supposed to
be like this much thing and and I yeah
and I'm taking my benefit
Dallas sunset plum powder just on top of
where I contoured basically I've been
doing that for the past few days and I
kind of like it oh that went on a little
strong don't worry about it girl I love
the smell of grace it smells amazing
I'm taking my mary-lou manizer from the
balm cosmetics highlighter and I'm going
to take that same concealer brush and
highlights wherever I fancy basically
look at that glow hey guys now I'm
taking my hula and bronzer from benefit
and I'm just going to use this to very
lightly contour my nose because the
brush is perfect for it and it's a
perfect color and so I'm just gonna go
like this done dealio
so for lips I'm going to go a bit wild
and get my revolution salvation velvet
lip lacquer I'm just gonna put that on
the outer edges on my lips
I've still got mega crusty lips syndrome
by the way enough on that now I'm going
to take this Revlon lip stick but I have
and it's in six seven one mink
I'm going to put that pretty much the
midsection and spread it on to the
purple is off and now I'm going to go in
with my collection moisturizing lip
cream and this is in angel delight color
I'm putting that here in the mid sect
and finally I'm taking this gosh color
which is in 1/72 angel it's really pinky
and I'm just putting that over the top
as well that is lips done guys that is
the completed look finally I hope you
enjoyed this video and thanks for
bearing with me as I applied on my face
so thanks for watching till next time
bye Oh Dukie knows that you duh
