hi guys I'm back with another video
actually we are back with another video
and I say we there's no one else in this
room but Hannah my little two year old
was here we've spent the last about hour
and a half trying on clothes that we
bought from boohoo so this is a mother
and daughter try on haul road Jana
bogies livid noses that's right they do
dirty noses so guys this is the first
piece we've got this oversized
sweatshirt color-block one I got this
actually in a size 24 then I've got
these jogging bottoms which I got in a
size 14 camo ones would be quite
comfortable but I don't think he'll see
like them I think they're actually
really not flattering on my pregnant
body what do you think about your outfit
Hannah so this is the jumpsuit oh is it
only one yeah there is there's the other
pocket there is so Simon's got pockets
as well I think she looks amazing
I think you look absolutely stylish
Hannah yeah so I had to roll up the
ankles quite a bit but like it's worth
it for me to just chop them off and then
Stitch the bottom myself I think like
she looks sick in a wedding with that
that you think and on holiday is that
comfortable Hannah comfy I think I think
you like it don't you come here come
with me do you like it I really like
this jumper I can see myself wearing
this a lot it's really lightweight as
well the jogger is not so sure about
it's not how I imagined they don't fit
that well oh look at that honey you look
so Posadas what do you want to say to
the camera Hannah should we try another
Hannah and if an ICU jumper oh okay that
okay there you go
show us your jumper what does it say on
it this is the next look so I thought
let me be on trend to get myself like a
pajama set a coordinated one and I
really like the print on this one go and
then close it I really like the print on
this one but the quality is really like
I actually just feel like I'm going out
in my pajamas I'm from the side but when
you get to the back all right it's a
it's a hot mess I got this set in a size
14 sorry hit my bad in the mirror this
looks absolutely horrific the trouser
even though I'm 29 weeks pregnant
they're too big this is Hannah space
yeah so honey sweater says girl power do
muscles do you like this jumper shall we
keep it what but it's nice it's
oversized it looks so stick with just
some leggings like okay yeah leggings
exactly leggings don't you think about
your outfit you look like you're going
to a party don't mind a horrendous
trousers oh my god I am wearing this
stripy dress there's another wrap around
but this time way nice
that's because it was a maternity dress
well done Xena well done nautical kind
of stripes it's either a 12 or 14 it's a
12 love look at the tag for God's sake
put some effort into it girl an expected
for pregnancy no you need I need to wear
it properly with like a white shirt
underneath or a white sweater net look
at these trousers guys what the heck are
you wearing bra online they looked like
they would be structured trouser fabric
but they're not they're very thin jersey
I don't think I'd wear these out but I
would think I will keep them for the
house and like loungewear I bought these
shoes I really liked actually they just
say love on the side I quite like the
black and white monochrome with the red
the more I look at this top the more I
don't like it and it just looks like
she's come out the 70s back there you
know what he looks like they're one win
eight guys oh my god I don't like how it
makes you enough you look I've got
another pajama outfit on cause it's
fashion
how does easy dinner baby
and there's wearing her one win eight
gym outfit on which this Ruby kind of
kimono I've got I quite like I think
someone's tired of changing out this
thing kind of like that outfit I don't
either this is my next attempt at trying
to get pajama cord is not what pregnancy
brain on this whole I have a shopped in
boohoo for like ye I checked my last
order date it was in 2016 so it's pretty
much years and I did find it quite
difficult not than life but I actually
like this robe for pregnancy and
probably for not pregnancy as well it's
just loose I actually really like it
everything is not great quality there
they actually have charles's to match in
the same color and they have the set in
like a maroon shade and a navy blue but
I picked up the trousers in a navy blue
not feel like the trousers they're
sticking to my legs and doing that kind
of static thing which I don't think is
great
probably just wear this with jeans or
other trousers I have guys Hanna's
sweatshirt it's just a sweatshirt dress
this is why I love getting oversized
clothes for her these sunglasses nice do
you like them or think groups this
jumper guys is not blue just put it on
to wear with these trousers in my nasty
alcohol I talked to you guys about how
much I really loved the brown and white
color combo size 14
and very comfortable actually really
Hana sped up now
Hana you could take it off now it's okay
these trousers are super comfortable
enough to brown on record someone I
probably would just wear it with this
kind of sweatshirt over the top and then
just like a tank scoff went ahead and
got these sandals they go with my shirt
that I have actually from Primark got
well back that's pretty much it guys
way smaller hole then I would normally
do but you couldn't find much else and
I'm glad I didn't buy too much because
the quality video in that grade it was
fine when I was younger I didn't care so
much but the older I get the more kind
of quality I want and stuff because I
don't know I'm just all in that's how I
think now I suppose I hope you enjoyed
this rather short haul honestly I have
to be short if I was gonna do this with
Hannah
well done Hannah's have been a good
sport everyone we're going to paint
garden now I will leave all of the links
for the clothes that we bought in the
description if you want to have a look
yourself you know what you clothes as
well said I should have bought you some
clothes as well
