hi guys today's video is my maternity
update video the last one I did was when
I was like 31 weeks pregnant I think and
I am now 39 weeks and four days pregnant
and insha'Allah my due day is basically
this Friday which is the 16th of October
so that's in three days and I hope this
is my final pregnancy chit chat video
because I really do hope and shall love
that I give birth either on my due day
or a few days after really do not want
to have to be induced at the hospital
that's one of my biggest nightmares
right now so as you can see I've gone
huge now does my tongue look big in this
I think it's safe to say that yes it
does look humongous I love this top from
a company called Mama Gummer mama Gama
on Instagram I think so now that things
are getting like really really close to
hopefully giving birth
I'm really really myself
basically about the pain and all that
stuff so any mums who already been
through that if any of you guys have any
good suggestions of how - I don't know
deal with the pain then let me know just
something I'm gonna have to go through
obviously now I'm starting to think ooh
should I just opt for an epidural but I
really don't know because obviously I've
never had a child before I really don't
know what to expect
pain wise so other than that it's gonna
be bloody awful means that have been
trying to do loads and loads of like
baby preparation and remember I said to
you guys before like oh there's so many
things that I need to buy for the baby
like I need to buy primates buy coins
buy this but I'm like so confused by it
all well that hasn't changed I'm so
completely confused even though we have
managed to actually buy a pram we opted
for the Hulk the Hulk brand one which is
like a German brand and it's like a
reasonable price it comes with a car
seat that you can attach to the pram but
also you have in the car and then it
also comes with like a newborn baby bit
which is just the flap kind of bit on
the pram and then it also comes with the
regular pram section for when they get a
little bit bigger so it should last me
for ages hopefully I don't think it
looks that great or anything but it's
the most practical one that we could
find and I really like the little cup
holder on the side because like my
coffee or a drink or some other
just really like that really sold it for
me we also spend ages trying to figure
out what bed or cot to get the baby I
told you guys before that the nursery or
baby room we've got is like a tiny tiny
space and so we didn't really want to
get caught that would basically fill up
the whole room because in the first year
the baby's probably gonna sleep with us
anyway so it's a bit voices they so we
opted for the snez pod or the snooze
putt however you pronounce it which is
like a tiny little a crib slash cradle
thing that you can have on the side of
your bed as well and bring the side down
so that the baby can sleep next to you
safely without it going in the middle of
mom and dad it looks nice and it should
last up until I know I think up until
for under a year maybe and hopefully by
then we might have moved or we'll figure
out something else for the baby and
Shawn more you have started doing the
nursery up like I bought a cupboard
slash shelf thing to put baby clothes
baby nappies and all that kind of thing
I'll just be filling up with baby grows
sleep suits and just baby things also um
I managed to get some like cute baby
clothes as well
which I'm dying to show you guys but I
won't show you properly because I'll
wait to do like a proper baby shopping
haul for that if you are I don't want to
like completely bombard everyone with
baby stuff a company called child's play
clothing really cute things but I won't
show you properly because I'll save that
also got really really cute baby
moccasins from Ellie's boots I'm buying
cannot wait to put them on baby
I've also got a sling it's like a really
nice silk sling from a company called MS
a a baby sling I'll leave all the links
for all this stuff in the description if
you want to check it out yourself new
mums etc I think I'm only gonna need a
pram when I go into like city centre or
if I go on like a big trip somewhere but
most of time if I'm just walking around
the neighborhood if I'm going somewhere
quickly hopefully I just want to carry
the baby in a sling I also bought just a
plain black cotton one as well I don't
know what this baby wearing thing is
going to be like but from what I've read
it's really beneficial and it's really
comfortable especially for like around
the house and stuff when you when you
need to get things done I really do need
help though on picking
like a baby bouncer think when I'm at
home all day most of the time I spend it
downstairs either as a dining table on
the laptop or on the sofa I'm doing
nothing watching TV obviously I want the
baby downstairs with me obviously and
I've seen a few online but I just don't
know which ones are worth it which ones
aren't so if you guys have any
suggestions please let me know literally
for the past week I've just been trying
to stay really active so that in charm I
can induce labor by myself so who like
we've been going on walks I've been
dragging Syd along on a walk basically
because said hates going on walks he
like really oh my god well I mean I'm
not like a mega fan of walks or anything
but I do enjoy them so I've been
dragging Syd on like a forest he kind of
walks about the house and he
surprisingly enjoyed it also been trying
to do you know lunges squats remember I
told you guys I was trying to still
exercise during pregnancy I have still
managed to kind of although I'm finding
it more and more difficult obviously
it's even uncomfortable just to sit now
everybody's like off pregnant women used
to sit down she used to sit down I guess
for some it might be comfortable for me
sitting down it's so uncomfortable
it really hurts up here when I sick and
I feel like there's no space so I feel
like I need to stand up in order to
elongate my stomach to give the baby as
much space as possible so that it
doesn't hurt me you know I mean in the
past like three weeks I'd say I've only
managed to work out to three times a
week and they're like 10-minute videos
here and there and then this past week
I've just gone on long walks I always do
like my arm workouts with some weights
and things to try and keep the arms
toned when I put on weight I tend to put
on a lot of heat I put it on everywhere
but you can really tell here and here
anyway speaking of weight had the
courage to weigh myself the other day in
my last update I weighed like 61 like 63
kgs
now I weigh like 70 sometimes 71 almost
72 kgs so obviously I'll put on weight I
don't know how much of it is actual baby
weight like is actually the baby and all
the stuff that comes with the baby kind
of heavy but I am going to the human so
doesn't matter obviously there's so many
like myths online about how to like
start labor naturally etc they tell you
to eat pineapple because pineapple has
that thing in it beginning with the bee
that's supposed to help induce labor but
you have to have like 100 pineapples to
kickstart anything but I've been eating
pineapples anyway because I love
pineapples and whenever I do eat
pineapples I feel like some crazy
movement going on but then it just goes
and then I'm just like okay so young its
weight actually because like in my last
update I was like ah stuffing my face
with dates cuz I really love them anyway
all of a sudden now when I need to eat
dates I'm kind of going off them a
little bit they're making me feel a
little bit sickly
which is so annoying cause like I need
to eat them now but I still have been
eating them because pregnant and eat
anything I want hopefully like in the
next three videos or something shot a
lot I would have had the baby I've seen
my midwife the other day and she was
like and the hospital that you're gonna
give birth in they let you go twelve
days over you which is close to forty
two weeks and that's just so long man
but apparently is common for a
first-time pregnancy to go away over you
so everybody who's had a baby and
they've had an epidural they're like oh
Deena it's the best thing on this planet
such a great invention and I can totally
understand that the only thing that puts
me off epidural is usually the old
people who had an epidural years ago and
they always say and that gives you back
pains later on I don't know if that's
true or not some people say it is true
some people say it isn't true so I don't
know and the other thing that pissed me
off that is you know the stuff that you
have to go through with epidural like
having a catheter and all that that
really freaks me out everybody's telling
me to read through it
Miriam I've been listening to it more
than reading actually those of you guys
are like oh Deena are you gonna stop
YouTube when you have the baby
no and shuttle I'm gonna continue as
much as I can the shuttle arms have had
the baby obviously I'm gonna need a bit
of time off to adjust to this completely
life-changing situation so I thought the
only way for me to continue YouTube
without completely disappearing for a
long time is to do a weekly vlogs and I
thought I'd call them new mum vlog week
one new mum blog week two three before
until I feel like I'm not a new mom
anymore along with a few other of my
normal videos now and then until I
completely get used to this new
lifestyle and but I feel like yeah that
might be a good idea and it might just
be fun as well people always talking
about being careful not to fall into the
pressure
after you've had a baby and stuff
because apparently that's quite common
so I'm just thinking if I was to vlog
and stay connected it's probably gonna
help me more then well it's not gonna
help you guys it's just to hopefully
entertainment for you but it's probably
gonna be really helpful for me to keep
saying as well everybody's like it's
really important once you had baby to
try and go out every single day
otherwise you'll lose your mind it's
gonna start getting freezing pretty soon
so that reminds me I need to get some
winter clothes I need to get like really
comfortable winter clothes I feel like
my wardrobes gonna change now that I'm
gonna become a mum I don't know why if
you like that maybe I'll do like an
autumn winter shopping haul if I do end
up buying things that I feel I like
weird and different and a bit mumsy out
in it do the things are changing guys Oh
me and say they're gonna go for a curry
tonight a hot spicy curry pray for me
guys and I will also pray for you those
of you guys leave so many nice comments
on my maternity videos still good loads
of name suggestions so thanks for that
those of you guys always asking me to
make do it for you guys because
apparently a pregnant woman's day is
really good so if you want specific
diets and that I'll try my best and shot
more whenever I read a message where I'm
like do you know please make that for me
because so and so so so I do it there
and then in my little head so leave your
messages flat if you if you want any
even banging on about now I will do a
nursery room tour and I will do a baby
shopping haul and which is highly
requested as well but I'm just gonna try
and space them out with my regular
videos in between so that you guys
aren't so bombarded with baby stuff
because you probably will be bombarded
with it when I've had the baby and I
just blog for a little bit so also see
it's probably going to do new dad vlogs
as well so you'll have new dad vlogs to
watch and then you'll have new mum drugs
to watch so hopefully you guys will
enjoy that I've got one more maternity
lookbook to upload for you guys in the
next few weeks and shot a lot that's it
guys that's that's my update I think I'm
going to go now and get ready to go have
dinner with SID hot spicy curry and then
tonight I'm gonna have more pineapple I
hope you enjoyed this video so if it's a
bit all over the place but my maternity
update ones usually are just a bit all
over the place cuz I don't have to be
gathered in it I can just be it all over
the place pregnant
it's great for me you know gives me a
break now then so without further ado
thanks for watching until next time
oh good night to tease my sister so
stupid Deena when's it happening like
how much listen um
