hi guys okay so today's video basically
let me just fix Moscow no I'm doing guys
shopping haul yeah beautiful actually
because I went out and bought Lowe's
makeup muzzle that knows what wow I got
a little bit of a harbor going on things
like this you know cos you know this is
shopping I've done quite a few weeks
back actually but I've been waiting
trying not to use all the products until
I show you guys however I have you some
of them so I'm gonna get straight into
it because it's quite a lot to get
through okay not paying the slips - okay
the combi bothers anyway so I shopped
and Superdrug I got a free makeup bag
with it yippee the first thing I got
from Superdrug was these two collection
lasting perfection concealer certain
people have been like using these and
like raving about them and I don't know
I never thought to use them for the
thought they're not going to be great
because for concealers I normally like
to use more expensive then collection
however I'm so glad I bought these they
seriously melt on the face and they does
well they don't crease as much as I can
see this so I want these too and then I
went ahead and bought em the collection
also cream puffs lip creams at these two
colors before and they finished so I've
got a reboot the this one's cotton candy
and this one's fairy cake cotton candy
is the nicest guy ever and um then I
found this new color or one that I
haven't come across before and it's
called angel delight and it's like a
brownie one and I love this I'm going to
put on the cotton candy one now actually
because this thing is too much I've got
too much product on my lips today the
next thing I bought from superdrug oh
that's not some super drug girl that's
from Sephora
okay the last two things I got from
super drug are these revolution velvet
lip lacquers and that's what it says on
there anyway luckily I got this really
light purple color I came across online
and thought that looks handy woah look
like Smurfs and then I bought this
velvet black heart mother it's very rare
have a look at that point if I'll be
brave enough no lip look wow they really
do go on like a really nice lip painting
ready for Halloween
I'm going to go on to what I got from
Selfridges because they only got two
things from there the first thing I got
is this first aid beauty um what is it
Oh facial radiance polish yeah okay mm
then guys this is exciting
I bought some Egyptian magic cream check
it out this I've also already started
using because I just can't help it
as you can see being used quite a bit
there
whoopsie-daisy I actually saw this for
the first time and in Liberty and I went
past it in the beauty Hall and I was
like hey what the hell is that
I completely forgot to get it and then I
recently remembered its all-natural
ingredients
so let me tell you what's in there
there's olive oil beeswax honey bee
pollen royal jelly and propolis extract
I mean I think that's all natural that
is what's what's royal jelly I don't
know it's really really really thick and
so I've only been using it as a
moisturizer on my face at night recently
and I've been loving it to be honest
with you I've also been usually like on
my feet it's for all over the body by
the way and so it's quite handy I've
been using it pretty much all over my
body that Sid has been using this as
well because he has some crazy dry skin
recently okay guys is my little Sephora
bag I'm gonna go through those as
quickly as I can fit for you because
there's quieter in here I'm just gonna
dump it okay I'm really excited about
this little thing of it oh look whose
mirror look you can see how I feel look
camera and light is here and here my god
this is the tartlet Amazon clay matte
palette I was looking for like eyes I
don't have it or anything I just came
across it I've got like three eyeshadow
palettes in all of my life and they're
like a revolution and I will see how
long begin with s oh man that cheap one
but really good cheap one I thought I
splurged a little and get myself a
topped one mirror you know color I'm
most excited about is that really dark
black is called fashionista and the
corner I've been dying to try this
palette out but I have it so that I
could show you guys what it looks like
before I start ruining it basically any
got that
I got a new hoola benefit bronzer
because mine's pretty much about to run
out look how new the prices are you
lovely important Mecca Mina then I
picked up the other benefit a bronzer I
think it's a bronzer as well and it's
the Dallas one that I haven't had before
but my sisters had it so I kind of know
what it looks like it's a little bit
more pinky I did use that the other day
I went and got the hourglass ambient
lighting powders and I also came across
months ago when I did the Liberty shoot
and one of the ladies on the hourglass
counter did my makeup and she put this
on my face and it was just gorgeous I
got the diffused light one though little
people think it's a highlighter but it's
not a finishing powder
I've got on today so what you think
telescopic mascara this is my most used
mascara and whenever I finish I was in
other with another tart product am I
saying it right I can't imagine it's
called tart a tart East clay paint liner
and this is what the package looks like
I've actually already used it as well I
used it today come on Oh packing it so
that I could kind of give you guys a
little review of how it went so this is
what my eyeliner looks like if I'm
trying to see your feet what do you
think I think it's not that bad really I
think it's kind of good actually this is
what it looks like on the inside I'm a
little bit worried that it's quite
pricey I can't remember how much it was
and don't feel like there's a lot in
this tube whatsoever when you squeeze
some out a little does go a long way and
then it comes with this liner brush is a
bit bent like that because you see all
the good makeup artists using bent ones
good because I feel like I don't have to
hold the brush so close like I normally
do with my eyeliner pens or my other
eyeliner brushes
it feels really steady to do it from
really far away and then from Sephora I
picked up this little travel brush I
haven't used it yet because I want to
show you guys it all nice and clean so I
can't wait but I can imagine it being
very handy for traveling you just pull
this it up like this and put the lid
back on so that you do not ruin the
brush this also topped brush from
Sephora and
the swirl power cheap brush didn't come
on oh I hate packing
I hate packaging lovely as it all looks
it just does my headache oh oh this is
the brush hurtles have a little look
yeah look at that focus on brush Oh God
oh yeah something good to tell you I
picked this thing up from super drug as
well and it's the revolution ultra base
corrector palette I gotta open it oh my
gosh oh hey yeah I've actually only used
the green color to correct some more
redness around my nose and like things
book hey do you know which FM eyeliner
there look oh why should film in this
mirror this is probably the favorite
thing that I've got so far and it is the
Anastasia Beverly Hills contour kit in
light to medium it's the powder one by
the way yeah the gorgeous gala guy I've
already started using this as well
because uh so for contouring I've been
using this really dark one right here on
my cheeks and then for my nose and
things where I don't want to go too
crazy I've been using that mid color
there and for underneath my eyes
sometimes I set my concealer with that
color right there loving that so far and
then where's the other one Tina do you
know where yet the one that you got
kinda guys oh my god
where's my other one going swear
come on Tommy lost el he's so bummed out
like what is this is it
well yeah you know what's happened oh
there it is
did and then I picked up these mini
Sephora lip liners this top one over
here is called the nude beige color and
then I got this deep ruby color and then
I got this pink beige color last two
things I got guys are these two face
melted liquefied long-wear lipstick that
everybody's been using and I'm very late
with it this is the what color is this
oh oh this is the chihuahua color and
this one over here is the melted berry
color they do glide on so nicely man and
it's got little sponge things that's the
color of the Chihuahuan I'm gonna swatch
for you this one little I'm so good like
that
am I not the packet
lovely jubbly I haven't tried this one
yet so I'm ruining the thingy just for
you come on Bob Oh Eddie comes Eddie oh
hello hello you look at that color
watch your feet guys let me just wipe
the off now some like me no makeup wipe
oh ah okay guys that's everything I
bought I hope you enjoyed this video me
just showing off what I've been
splurging on for my face oh boy look
thanks for watching guys till next time
bye
lavish open your Lyle Ayala hmm it's not
focusing
okay all done
