hi guys so today's video basically I'm
showing you guys what's in my hospital
bag ready for when I give birth
inshallah
I'm currently 38 weeks pregnant which is
about my months I believe and so
everybody advises you to get your
hospital bag yeah about 35 weeks I've
been taking ages to get mine ready
because I haven't basically I haven't
had a clue what to pack and I've just
been really really like prolong and get
trying to like just put it at the back
of my mind because I just have no clue
what to do me doing this video has kind
of helped me get organized as well so
thank you for those guys who have
requested it because it actually is a
really highly requested video I don't
know why because I know most of my
viewers are not married I'm pregnant so
okay so basically I'll be taking two
bags with me one which is gonna have all
my things in it and one which is gonna
have all the baby's things in it so this
is my hostel bag and it's just like a
big I don't know stripy daebak from gaps
that I stole off my sister I was like
hey that's handy for my house go back to
Z I'm taking it so that's what I'll be
taking with my things in it and as you
can see it's all nice and packed and
then my baby things bag is actually a
nappy changing bag are super super
trendy stylish one that I got from Jen
and B which is the company that designs
super super stylish trendy nappy
changing bags for moms who don't like
the typical changin bags that you get
everywhere like the ones that like
plasticy with like prints of animals or
big leaves like really Mugsy looking one
so this is my super stylish changing buy
and I flippin am in love with it it's
supposed to be for like everyday use
when your baby arrives etc you need to
carry baby things as well as your own
things in there and so I cannot wait to
use them in daily when baby doesn't ride
however I couldn't resist not stay at
hostel as well because it's just super
super stylish smells great because it's
leather this particular design is the
jemima one and it's in black tumbled
calf leather and it's amazing the inside
of it is full of like all these pockets
and compartments to help you organize
things it also has a
about insulated bottle holder inside and
a luxury padded changing mat folded away
at the bottom of the bag as well for
when you're out and about obviously and
it also has like a clutch slash purse
and that comes with it that you can put
your personal things like some change or
like your lipstick or I would put my
phone in it basically and maybe a fiver
or something like that I think kind of
split in half basically it has a whole
other layer behind it so that you can
divide your stuff with baby stuff I
would use this even if I was a mummy
perfect for daytime and it's just
perfect for all the flippin time when
I'm with the baby basically till wipe
done for today's video is I've unpacked
both of my bags and laid them all out on
the floor so I can go through what I'm
taking I'm in each bag for you guys you
can watch that right now okay so I'm
basically set everything out like on the
floor all nicey-nicey for you to show
you everything if there's my gem in B
bag obviously waiting to be repacked
okay so I'm gonna start from the bottom
rail right over here this over here I've
packed a muslin swaddle blanket from
modern bur lap which is a company I came
across on Instagram they're double
double double you mod in burlap comp
that monochrome look is super cute and
stylish whatever I don't know where I'm
thinking like that anyway that's the
only swaddle blanket I have right now so
I brought that with me and then next to
it we have water wipes and these say
that they're chemical free 99.9% water
because I read that you shouldn't wipe
baby's bums with baby wipes in the first
two weeks you just do with water and
like cotton wool so I bought these and
then this is just like a little baby bib
towel thing I think which I got from
baby moon birth as part of their gift
package over here is the fancier outfit
so this is just like a sleep suit baby
grow thing that says daddy loves me that
I found in TK Maxx and it's a newborn
one it comes with a bib the sleeves have
little like mitten like they cover the
hands lever and then a little hat and
then the tiniest cutest little socks on
the planet so this one here is just a
sleep suit and I'm actually going to be
packing two of these so I've got this
one as well
the different sizes so this one's a bit
bigger it's up to one month and this
one's newborn so depending on the size
what size my baby comes out I guess is
whichever one he or she will wear and
they're to go with those I have a little
bit and then I have the little vests for
underneath ones the long-sleeved one and
one is a short-sleeved one and then
obviously I have some newborn nappies
and just packed like I think there's
like nine or ten here for the hospital
trip I have no idea how many I think
that should be enough if I need more
just have to send sit down and then this
is like a tiny little you know nail baby
it's literally tiny because these
questions of the thing over here I've
got two muslin squares for like wiping
or whatever people use them for this is
just a cellular blanket and which baby
can be wrapped up in when we leave the
hospital and this is a hooded towel I
got for baby I don't know if I'm gonna
need that in hostel work I don't know
I got it anyway the scratch mitts and a
little hat that go with the sleep suit
stuff and then over here is the cotton
wool pleat that I can just wet and clean
baby with so that is everything for baby
guys I was going to pack like a nappy
rash thing but but my health visitor was
like you don't need that because um well
the baby you wouldn't have worn an upper
yet so it wouldn't have a nappy rash so
I'm not packing that I'll just keep that
for house usage
anyway that's everything for baby and
we'll go on to Molly so this is
everything I've got packed in my bag
here is my hostel bag the top corner
we've got like you know the embarrassing
stuff like disposable underwear and
maternity pads and all that stuff so we
can just put that away for now this
right here is basically my maternity
notes that obviously everybody needs in
the hostel so this is gonna be my
toiletries bag it's just a set i picked
up from TJ Maxx I love to hear max and
inside that we have a travel toothbrush
and toothpaste got from Primark Lowell
and then we have a deodorant Lal I've
got eye makeup wipes just because they
are small and easy to carry and I'll
probably use to wipe my whole face to be
fair and then I've got this lush breath
of fresh air toner water because when
I'm getting hot and like annoyed I can
spray
face maybe just to refresh I don't know
GABA and then we have a nibble green
whoo exciting stuff that I just have a
serpent glory nighttime moisturizer
which I will just use on my face and
then I just have some handy hand wipes
then I have this um spray from the body
shop it's the English what is a English
dawn white gardenia edit oiler and a
toilet yes oh just to smell nice with
hopefully I have a travel shampoo I have
some my Crabtree and Evelyn hand cream I
cannot stand it if my hands are dry I
probably use it to moisturize my feet as
well to be honest with you because I'm
just not mostly about these things and
then I have a facial cream cleanser
which is actually a sample I got from a
source when I ordered clothes with a
cloth so I thought that would be handy
because I don't have to bring my big
massive face cleanser then I have hair
bubbles to tie my hair away and I have
my lip balm I'm gonna have another
travel deodorant which I don't really
need because I've got that one and I
prefer that to spray but maybe Sid or my
mum can use that as well for snacks
I've got dates guys I've got my dates
with me and I've got just chewing them
because I don't think I'm gonna want
anything else to be honest with you and
anyway if I do there's a shop downstairs
that Sid can just go and get stuff from
over here I have a great big bath towel
and a little face towel as well then I
just have some like knitted socks for my
feet because everybody says your feet
get cold it's also embarrassing
maternity bras whatever and then so I
have these slippers which I picked up
from Tesco for two pounds to use the
bathroom wave and to walk around the
hospital with with my socks on
underneath if I need to walk around I
don't know I just got slippers with me
and then obviously I'll have the shoes
that I go to the hospital with which
would publish the pair trainers have my
userspace crunchy a bandana and a new
scarf that will go with an all-black
outfit that I'm basically going to leave
the hospital in I've got two pairs of
leggings and so I'm going to leave in
leggings cuz comfortable and then I've
just got a long sleeve top for
underneath this great big black
oversized men's hoodie that I picked up
from Primark so I'm just gonna be
wearing black over
with leggings trainers nude scarf and
that's it leaving this is the stuff I've
got for actual labor so I've got this
old top from Primark in a size 12 like
three-quarter length sleeves kind of
comes just above my knees and it's
cotton and it's just I mean I don't I
hate it I never wear it and another
option for labor is this Primark like
night gown which is just a really big
t-shirt I don't know what size is it's
like in a it's an extra-large
and just says messy hair don't care cuz
obviously nobody's gonna care and then
if I need to walk around the hospital
before like the actual baby comes out I
could be wearing this and then I've got
my gray maternity leggings for
underneath and then I also have this
grey jersey and cotton like nightgown
which I could also wear over the top of
the t-shirt if I have to walk around the
hospital and then just take that off but
then I could also use this nightgown for
afterwards when I'm all cleaned up
hopefully and I've just got a nice pair
of fresh button-down PJs for
breastfeeding these this is a pair I
picked up from TK Maxx really classic
like checkered cotton pajamas with
buttons to go down and then just the
regular trousers so they're my like nice
new PJs for afterwards so that's it guys
plain black nude scarf to leave in and
then like nightgowns to deliver in and
then with like gray leggings to walk
around in and they're nice PJs for after
towels and that's really everything in
my bag I also have like big ugly
underwear I don't care about what you
don't need to see that okay I thought
should I pack makeup for like if I want
a nice picture but realistically I'm not
I'm not gonna wanna put makeup on I'm
just gonna want to feel clean and
moisturize if I do want a picture I'll
just look down and not get my face in it
or something like that you know so that
is it guys that's what I've packed for
my hospital bag and they are just gonna
stay closed now and in the hallway ready
for when we just need to grab it and go
Shalala
so really not that long left but I have
the health visitor visiting me today and
she said to me if you have like a
healthy pregnancy and no complications
then if
got over you they can let you go over
you all the way up until 42 weeks I was
like oh my god that's still another four
weeks really I could potentially still
be waiting another four weeks it's just
driving me crazy I'm like really excited
now because means they've been buying
loads of clothes maybe you bought like
the pram and all the stuff that you need
you guys want to see all that stuff let
me know because I'll just do like a
whole baby shopping haul video if you
want to check out Gemma be on Instagram
leave the link for their website after
that bag and for the Instagram in the
description so you can check them out
seriously guys I was searching and
searching and searching for a really
nice like mummy nappy bag that I could
use everyday and none of them were like
I was like I just have to carry it as an
extra thing and keep it in the boot of
the car and then just carry my own
little clutch bag or my own handbag but
I don't need to worry about that now
because I have the lab and I had the
super super practical super stylish bag
T's so fantastic anyway it also comes in
other colors what else was I going to
say yeah I'm just rambling on too much
basically like my head's all over the
place because like pregnancy stuff there
was so many things going on in my mind
about things I need to prepare and I
feel like time's running out but then I
feel like it might not be running out
because I could be carrying this baby
all the way up until Forge do weeks so
then if that's the case I've got all of
a month really also can't wait to have
the baby shot laughs so that I can get
back to doing blogging I'm working on
refocusing the blog and really doing a
lot of written posts and things like
that and also um like styling videos I
have planned for you guys I just need to
settle I suppose anyway champions coming
to the room now so I think that's my cue
to leave
um thanks for watching guys I hope you
enjoyed this video until next time oh
now to do the some nail how am I gonna
carry both these bags all this heavy
okay okay this is why I lift weights
girl you know okay wait hold on
thumbnail maybe like this
Oh chaplain Dan
