hi guys so today's video I'm basically
going to be doing my no makeup makeup
look
a nice easy everyday makeup look that I
like to do when I have a little bit more
time than when I don't wear any makeup
whatsoever because that's in those days
but when you have a little bit more time
and you want to do a bit of a face and
you you know you'll need to look a bit
fresh etc but you don't have as much
time to do a full face yeah well my head
okay because I got turban underneath and
then that's cough anyway I thought I'd
do that for you today using very very
minimal products which you can see as we
go along hopefully realistically guys if
you really did want to go for the no
makeup makeup look then just walk out
like this with no makeup because
everybody knows when you wear makeup
whether it's the new makeup look on up
right okay then this just gonna be a
talked through video because it's more
fun that way and my voiceovers are
pretty awful so I'm just going to get
straight into it first thing I'm going
to do is I'm going to use the simple BB
beauty balm and it's a universal shade
so that's great I don't have SPF 15
which is great for reducing wrinkles
when you're going out in the Sun but
okey dokey I'm just gonna take my Sigma
round kabuki brush I don't know if you
can use this actually for these things
but I'm going to anyway so I'm going to
let you dab it on here none of this back
of the palm thing I don't wanna go out
dirty okay I'm just going to do it all
over my face when you first put it on it
does look like it's gonna be too dark or
too orange to make sure you moisturize
properly because well because that's
good for you obviously so I don't you
can see but I've actually developed a
cold sore right over here and I'm in the
process of developing another one right
on the other side so this is really
going to help with today's no makeup
makeup look because it's going to add a
lot of reality to you know my face with
the cold sore on show so we're not
really going to attempt to cover that up
too much actually because it's just
gonna get dry disgusting and crusty now
depending on whether or not you show
your neck I would bring this down the
hall and a little bit over here a little
bit of
but today's scarf style doesn't really
show much of it so hopefully you can
treat our the reason we're using a BB
cream is because it's not as cakey as a
foundation and the literally feels like
a moisturizer when you touch it with
your hands afterwards and in the
sunlight and stuff it's not really gonna
look you know like dusty or Savannah
this would be a lot quicker if I wasn't
talking to you guys the simple one is
really good by waves from boots and it's
teak so can go wrong can you remember
really then I'm going to go ahead and
get my concealer and it's the collection
lasting perfection concealer and it's in
the color warm medium three tub that
under my eyes I'm actually going to
feature this in my next beauty haul
video I have a beauty whole video and
tongue out for you guys really really
soon I'm gonna put a little bit of that
right here on my nose here and that's
the only place I'm putting it and for
this we're going to use my finger or in
your case your finger so just a blended
oil la romana so if you're like getting
up early for college work things like
that you're not using too many products
I don't know how many products I have
out to use but it's not that many I
could carry them all in my daily handbag
except I don't have a daily handbag yet
a lot of you guys want me to do or
what's in my bag video but I currently
don't use a bag and so when I do start
using a bag I will do what's in my bag
video they call that gross off life on
the other hand because amazing now I'm
gonna go on to bronzer and I'm going to
use my hooter benefit bronzer I love
this you guys know I'm always using it
and what I love about it the most is the
brush oopsie
we're not gonna really contour that much
but just a little bit I like to look a
little bit brahms
so I'm just getting a little bit of this
I'm just tiny lift you control very very
lightly I need a little I need some
cheekbones you know I need some just
that that's it you can you to the
difference just a little bit little tiny
bit key understand absurd because you
know you don't want to be walking around
but once I can tell
and what has that gotten to blender a
little little bit little blendy blendy
not too much contour a little bit of
cheek burns and I'm just gonna do the
tip on my nose and I'm just gonna do
mention okay a little bit y'all I'm too
I've never hurt nobody and we're gonna
very likely go across my okay so there
we go a little bit of that now we're
going to move on to brows now I'm
currently growing out my brows
yeah I always do this commenter time so
if you can see when I brush them up
they're super like look at all those
long hairs they're super like a scary
looking but that's a good thing you know
I want to have brows when I'm not
wearing makeup I don't like not having
them anymore so that's why I'm growing
them out also like I do get a lot of
eyebrow hair but they seem to be not
that dark so I always need to like fill
in some way all the other Oh so full
brows what are we doing do you know oh
my oh no oh no you know what cela an eye
for eye brows I'm just taking this Idol
brow crayon
stop Brown basically and I'm just gonna
brush that through my eyebrows I'm not
going to go for my normal and really
like drawn out thick neat eyebrow look
I'm just gonna make it look like my
eyebrows are darker than they are
naturally so the strokes of my already
eyebrow hairs that I've been growing out
and I'm quite proud of brush upwards
brush that out so it kind of blends in
better no matter but it doesn't have to
look so neat because you woke up like
this and I'm going to go ahead and do
the other arm
okay brush it out again yes girl
Oh as you can see I have not created a
new shape or anything around the front
I've just filled in what I have now I'm
going to go on to the lesser self or
blusher I'm actually gonna use this gosh
lipstick I love on my lips but it's also
quite nice on the face and tip from
saved you remember in husband doesn't
makeup video he used lipstick of the hey
on this stop doing that even though I
already knew about that like he reminded
me anyway right here and up little
Michiko here like this look at it is
such a nice like I didn't know how to
describe this color but it's quite like
its kind of bubblegum pink but dusted
kind of that's about enough and I'm
going to dab that will elf small stipple
brush to blend it kind of into the face
I don't have a cream blusher and that's
why I'm using a lipstick because I want
something that's creamy because it looks
more like skin rather than a powder and
then I'm going to go in with a
highlighter and this is the number seven
instant radiance highlighter it's a
cream one as well so that's why I'm
using that and I'm just going to put
that literally here actually and I'm
going to bring up here because remember
nice big cheekbones the would sink maybe
we'll have a dip them in a little bit I
think I might put some on my eyelids
just no no we're not doing that dinner
too much it's a natural look remember
that so I'm just gonna blend that with
my fingers now I'm not going all the way
up with the highlighter hopefully anyway
can't really tell because if you notice
my nose actually has a bit of a bump in
it so you want to highlight the bump and
kind of highlight just below it so I
should have something in my bloody arse
I have to put on mascara in a minute
click now for lips I'm going to be going
in with this lip liner is the l'oreal
infallible lipliner and it is in why do
i never know the colors like i always
show you guys what products i'm using
and i'm like i do another color but then
you guys reply and you like it's this
color Deena but great why am i doing
this video
oh it's called the 708
always toasted I think I don't even know
so it looks like this and I'm putting it
on all over my lap okay
it's a really really nice nudey kind of
neutral color and so it's quite natural
so remember this is a natural look up
now I'm one of those people who don't
have lips at all I don't have lips and
so I do like to try and make my lips a
little bit bigger because well like I
said I did how lips thanks to my mum and
my dad actually that's quite a messy job
but don't worry because it's natural and
then I'm going in with this Kiko color
way to say the colours it's number 32
Kiko one whatever okay I'm going to put
that in the middle of my lip - oh really
I mean really guys you should not do
what I'm doing really should have
moisturize and exfoliated your lips
before hand um I left mine totally
chapped because well I have cold sores
is getting colder and remember this is
the realistic makeup look so if my lips
look chapped people are really gonna
think I'm not wearing anything so that's
the idea remember the cold sores are
there on purpose everything's fine I'm
gonna take my eyelash curler because my
eyelashes just go down like that like
cows ones and so I'm good to just lift
them a little bit and then I'm going to
apply some mascara and I'm only going to
apply mascara on my top lid and I'm
gonna go very very lightly I'm not gonna
go ham on my eyelashes like I would
normally and mainly just on the ends
just to add some color to the earth okay
if you're lucky and your eyelashes are
super calm stuff then well like I said
then you're lucky
wish me luck because this is the eye
with something in it I never feel like
my face is complete without my nose ring
or my nose stud there we go narrative
that's it guys for mascara last but not
least is this one final product which
I'm going to use which is an eye pen by
H&M
a white one you can get it by the tills
when you're about to leave and I'm
literally just going to dump that in the
corner of my eyes just to brighten up
the eye area so that when you're waking
up you look awake and I'm just going to
blend that in so it's not so obviously
whiter good literally I'm just waiting
for my mascara to dry before I tell you
that this is the end look my nose is
runny just smacked my ankle on the side
of my desk freakin hurts ma'am it's one
of those inside screams you know when
you study tone you're like oh one of
them this is the final look we got there
finally it's supposed to be quick it
will be quick if you don't do this in
front of a camera no for everyday this
is why we're on most days um if I'm not
wearing any makeup whatsoever the only
time really I'm wearing a full face of
makeup is either when I'm filming and I
feel like looking nice for you guys or
if I'm going to an event or a wedding or
an occasion and that is it okay so most
of the time when you do see me out and
about I'm quite unrecognizable actually
unless I'm doing this little because
this is not changing your face this is
rather just you know accentuating bitch
features especially accentuating those
dried lips I hope you enjoyed that video
guys thanks for watching till next time
bye okay I'm like a stocked up for you
okay
hello Oh looks nice
