hi guys today's video I'm gonna be
showing you guys how I got ready for
this look which is a summer wedding
slash occasion where lip just gets right
into makeup and then I'll give you guys
my outfit details
just not going to plan
I thought way too much condom I don't
want to saw again
you
it's just taking me forever
all our mass time to blend like a
lunatic literally just sitting after the
next hour and blend blend all your
mistakes out of your life basically
doesn't matter to smudges everywhere now
we'll just have to concealer up later I
mean all that hard work in the beginning
for nothing Oh God one by done seriously
the struggles of trying to be good at
makeup I mean I hope somebody can relate
because seriously I can't do anymore so
glad like I wear eye shadow everyday
okay now we're gonna conceal all this
mistakes okay boo boo boo boo boo boo
boo boo boo boo boo boom and I'm gonna
carry on blending who are we wait so
also for that yes I think I'm just not
having a good day today guys I'm sorry
pretty sure you'll know want to get
ready with me again
I mean I don't think I want to get ready
with me ever again that my friends is
gonna have to do that's mess but I think
we can get away with it okay
Kelly you're Steven eyelashes add a tiny
bit of mascara on the Baisakhi just
ready
so for my scarf I just picked up some
raw silk from the fabric store I picked
up a meter and I cut it and sewed it
together so that it's nice and long and
easy for me to wrap into whatever style
turban I like it's also really nice and
stiff and keeps its shape and it also
obviously has a really nice silky Sheen
to it
it's telescopic lore'l
that's it guys finito before anyone says
anything it was requested by the bride
for all the bridesmaids to wear white a
lace collar is actually one that I made
I got some lace and attached it onto a
little top that I have for underneath
things my kimono top is from Topshop and
my skirt is actually a dress that I cut
up from ASOS in a size 12 and the bag is
Dorothy Perkins accessories hmm and
shoes new looks
