hi guys I'm back with another video
yippy lipsticks in my hand anyway
today's video is my lipstick collection
video I mean I've basically just filmed
myself for the past hour or so applying
one of my lipsticks to my lips in a very
sloppy manner so please excuse that
because I was just using my camera as a
mirror to show you guys my current
lipstick collection it's not a huge
collection
well not huge compared to like most
youtubers who do this kind of video I
suppose I've been wearing a few
different lipsticks lately and you guys
always ask mm-hmm please bear in mind
that this is just purely lipsticks and
it is actually only the lipsticks that
are that are currently in use a lot as
well so I haven't put all of them but
I've literally put the majority of them
in here and also please bear in mind
that if you don't recognize some of the
colors of lipsticks in this video to
ones I've been wearing in previous ones
it's because most of the time when I do
go out and I wear my lipstick I will
always mix a lipstick with another
lipstick or mix a lipstick with a lip
liner etc etc so please bear that in
mind
okay um this is literally just to show
you each color of lipstick and then I
mean I like to know each color so I know
how that could sort of complement
another lipstick ever create a new color
for example I've got on my lips now is a
lip liner this Rimmel one in a good
question that I don't even know what
color but it's a Rimmel lip liner a
brown one and on top of that I've put on
my collection mm cream puff lip cream so
without further ado let's get started
enjoy Eddy ahh are you listening
you
