hi guys okay so today's video basically
is a little bit different to my usual
ones even though I don't really have
like a specific kind of video anyway
just give me laptop ready
basically I've seen a few youtubers do
this and I just thought it's such a
great video to do number one it's really
embarrassing for the youtuber and I
think it's just great entertainment for
you guys I'm going to go through a bunch
of really really really old pictures of
me from when I was about 17 to about 21
22 none of you guys would have seen
before some of you guys would have seen
a few of them if you've been following
me for long enough and and basically
they're just really embarrassing I just
thought it'd be really funny video to do
and also I kind of feel like today's
generation of 16 to 17 18 year olds are
just growing up way too fast like way
too fast and you'll see what I mean when
you see why I looked like it 1617 for
example after you've seen my pictures
you know if you haven't grown up too
fast
it's kind of like a reassurance for you
guys to let you know that that's okay
that's how it should be you're just
growing up at the right time you're
taking your time and that's good you
should be blossoming I reckon and
looking your best in your 20s late
twenties thirties even forties even so
it's fine don't grow up too fast girls
and I know it's difficult because
obviously we've got a certain seventeen
and eighteen year olds in the media who
are super super sexy super super hot
super like everything and who had no
jobs and lit jobs etc certain kylie
jenner's possibly it's kind of weird to
see like let's say kylie jenner at 17 18
and then look up while it like at 17 18
or what most girls who are my age now
probably look like I hope anyway so
basically just don't grow up too fast
girls because then you kind of left
nothing for you ladies like
and it's important to just enjoy your
teen years and childhood and just so
hopefully you guys will just be you know
reassured by that don't get sucked into
I know it's so difficult because it is
difficult for me now but don't get
sucked into your looks so much when
you're only 17 18 anyway now for that
this photo and as you can see that's my
little brother Hasson when he was super
young as well how cute was he like
nexium is in fact Deena using right now
and let me just explain to you the pout
this stage in my life I remember it very
clearly I thought I was the most
good-looking person on this planet and
hence the pout look at my bandana for
God look at how my Scott I used to wear
my scarf all the time really really
forward because I thought it slim down
my face I was very wrong can you see the
lot of pain on the side back all those
Paisley scarves the pashmina standard
ones I used to wear them and nothing
else and then I used to just pair it
with a colored bandana that I thought
matched so that's me I reckon I'm about
17 there I'm not too sure but a little
bit chunky you do next I think I'm still
around 17 18 and this foe and I also
chunky um no idea how to do eyebrows as
you can see there's the pout again me
thinking I'm so good-looking I just
developed my own style I think I was in
sixth form here thought I developed my
own style and that was basically if you
can see the bandana and the point what I
used to have was a whole shoe box in my
room of like literally 50 50 different
like classic bandanas like that of all
colors and my thing was to wear the
bandana as a like a triangle peak thing
and then wear a regular scarf wrapped
around it and have that on show and I'd
have all the colors and I used to think
I was so gangster and so so cool here's
another example of the bandana situation
there I am with a white paisley bandana
a pair
they a pink silk scarf I must have been
going for a nice evening meal my friends
there look at my brows look at my face
obviously I had no idea how to apply
makeup literally I think I'm about 18
there so there are 18 year olds now who
can apply makeup better than me and I'm
26 and it's just like oh my god what is
going on with the world I'll tell you
when the pictures stuck in a little bit
the next photo obviously you can see
I've devoted my style a little more
they're wearing the scarf in them what
we used to call back then the Spanish
style because in Egypt when they do the
turban style they pull back their
scuffle it is Spanish because like you
know Spanish women have the little ties
and they do the dancing eyebrows again
completely over plucked oh and then
that's when I got into my eyeliner I
went through a stage where I was like
really into eyeliner and my eyeliner was
huge every day also if you noticed the
feather earrings Primark was going wild
with them at that stage and I remember
loving them also I used to wear quite
tight tops as you under you can't be
tell there but that's actually a Mickey
Mouse t-shirt because I'm so cool right
yeah this is me showcasing my Egyptian
side you know you're going through that
stage usually during high school if
you're like mixed race for example or if
you're even if you're not mixed race
where you get really really proud where
you're from and so I was really into my
Egyptian side at this stage and so
that's why I'm wearing this this hat
what the hell is it called Terra Boosh I
don't even know where's calling on my
head and posing with it and that was my
facebook profile for a long time
look how chubby my cheeks are obviously
I had no idea what concealer was or how
to get rid of blemishes at that time
either at least my eyebrows have grown
out a little bit though another example
of my scarf literally being over here
and smiling like this if you notice my
smile is so strange because I used to
let my scoffs so tight under my chin but
I actually have a scar here from from
the payment cuz it used to cut me and I
used to scab and bleed serious like
because I used to think my scar would
fall off if I didn't wear
tight enough cuz I used to pull my
chubby cheeks into my scarf I think it
gave me an amazing face and obviously I
know though that doesn't work I remember
thinking I was just like I'm so hot I
was still confident back then which is
hilarious because I'm nowhere near as
confident now me dressed up as a Arab
bloke this is basically also my gangster
days thinking I was super gangster but
this was actually for Halloween I didn't
go out like that seriously so I was
taking my brother's trick-or-treating
and we were all dressing up for laughs
and I thought I dress up as a as a
gangster oh man that's monopoly money I
think yeah that's not real where you
can't get twenty five five notes can you
say yes I believe I put those pictures
up on Facebook and I thought I was so
cool
literally I'm such a loser there selfie
I think this was like I don't know what
this might be blackberry days on
Marshall but again with the bandana and
oh and then I used to drape my scarf
over my shoulders like that because I
used to think it made my top 1/2 look
slimmer cuz used to drape but it didn't
it just made me look like front because
I was I was chunkier then anyway as you
can see my eye makeup has developed
slightly I've got into mascara eyeliner
chubby cheeks are still there but I
literally thought I did I remember this
picture I used to look at it going on I
look amazing in this picture I look so
pretty oh my god and that that was
Facebook profile for a long time
Wow what the hell is wrong with the
young people
what is wrong with us basically me in
Venice this was in 2008 so that's eight
years ago this was for my 18th birthday
our grandmother Judy took me in to see
freighted birthday to Venice and my
scarf style he had completely changed I
remember how I thought of this scoffs
I'll I was like in front of the mirror
thinking aw I need something different
and so I just tied my scarf into a bun
notice how far down my forehead it is
literally covering off my eyebrows tie
down and I got another one and wrapped
over and I thought I'd have a bit of
neck on show so I can get my earrings
out I literally thought it was the most
amazing style
ever and I thought it was so genius how
I used to have the button the scarf and
teeth really tight and they used to pull
my brows back up here can you see I
thought that was genius because it's
like giving myself a face to live every
day and obviously you can see in my face
I was about 70 kgs here I thought was
the bee's knees man I really did here's
another one of me in Venice same scarf
style just with the black gloves again
really fired up my forehead there you go
that's super embarrassing those were the
days where it was really difficult for a
hey jebby to find like suitable clothes
so we always used to just by you know
like short dresses not sure but you know
all the summer shift dresses and then
pen and with skinny jeans and the
Primark long sleep tops another one of
me in Venice doing the scarf inner in
the Spanish style again bright red lips
really overdone eyeliner my stomach
rolls hanging out quite proudly there me
thinking I'm also the bee's knees
how embarrassing but in fact is is quite
embarrassing this is me and Hasson my
brother again and I think I was a little
bit older here so my eye rather blurred
out a bit and my eyeliner was a little
bit more sophisticated if you could call
it that
there you go so embarrassing I thought I
was really good at makeup there as well
I did used to wear foundation but I
didn't know like I used to just get any
like L'Oreal foundation from boots or
from Tesco or something and just put on
and then I just do eyeliner and mascara
that was it
there was no other rules in makeup in
the next few pictures is me when I first
started blogging Here I am with a
humongous hair like this but I blogging
if you guys have followed me long enough
I used to have a huge head I just think
I was so stylish and I was genius for
thinking over wearing the future I was
in uni and so I used to rent out the
photography studio with Sid actually and
get him to take my pictures and at this
stage I was like I've invented a new
scarf style
it's the loop scarf it's just like a big
circle just
hey this genius oh my god and I got so
excited by it
by it and the top I'm wearing in that I
also made and I gots it to do a photo
shoot for me this photo is of the same
day of that photo shoot turbans file
with humongous earrings way too big and
I used to think it was okay obviously to
have a little photo shoot in front of
the lips in uni if you can see while
straight for my shoulder that was the
loop scarf and I was like it's also
genius because you can wear it on your
shoulders like a top so it's so genius
on my head is another loop scarf look at
the size of my head and if you look very
closely look at the squint
I was just learning how to pose then and
I used to look at model pictures and I
would be like oh they all do this it's
so good look it makes my face look
amazing look at the pose I used to do
that a lot you scare my hands and put
them on I hit like this a lot and below
that thinking that I looked like a super
super skinny model hilarious I'm also
wearing a bindi on my head why I don't
know Here I am in a shopping centre car
park just posing remember this day I
said Sid can you take a picture because
I made this bat wing top in black so can
you take it and I just thought that was
so normal to pose like that more
blogging Davis when I first had my first
ever blog and it was on blogspot I
remember this photo I took it on my
blackberry obviously added 101 different
filters on some funny website I thought
that was genius I thought that was so
arty-farty I thought it looked like a
real photo shoot I thought that could go
a bloody vote notice my little watermark
there Tina's hair yeah yeah I took this
photo in my bathroom because back then I
was living with my family and the only
room with like a really bright white
wall was the bathroom so I was like I am
I'm such a loser my my just goes to show
you literally this is like five years
ago is a lot different to blowing now it
was a lot more difficult if you asked me
to like get into things or to get
anywhere back then there is no here's
another one this is about four or five
years ago this is when all the apps were
coming out and there are a lot of apps
and that allows you to change your eye
color
and so I thought I look super super sexy
over here with blue eyes obviously
they're not even real contacts or
anything if you could if you could see
it closely you'd see is literally just
painted on blue I remember this session
it was a session in my room I was late
at night I was like let me put on makeup
and try on those different styles of
scarves and take pictures using my
bloody laptop camera so I tapped the
laptop like this and it wasn't this
laptop so the camera was awful it was a
little Acer laptop and I'd be like and
I'd put them on Facebook like it was a
thing here's another one of my blogging
edits you can't really see what that
says but it's a photo of a model wearing
a Chanel scoffs the photo next to it is
me replicating that image now she says
Dena Tokyo inspired by Chanel okay Dina
on your own Bob this is me I think when
I'm like 2021
what the hell what does that even mean
that was my facebook profile for ages I
remember that ring I was so proud of it
I was like nobody else has a ring this
big it's my thing my earrings my sculpt
is my thing okay this is just a photo of
me when I also first started vlogging
and I was also at the time still working
at in a call center Tesla call center so
this is me on the way to work in the
snow and I just thought I'd show you
this because look at the size of my head
is literally genuinely literally out
here I had this thing with big head I
was like oh it's just like you know
Cheryl Cole with big hair it frames the
face all nice so we need to have a big
scarf cause it frames the face all nice
and stuff I just think it framed my face
really nicely
obviously not anymore this is what I
used to like I'd make something I
designed something make it and go goes
you just do it I just want you to see
the size of the turban this is literally
like five years ago look at the size of
my turban look at the size on it and
look how far down it was and look at my
eyebrows what the hell is on my face
this is another result of me being
bought at home getting my eyeliner and
I'm going to create something really
artistic and take a photo of it on my
phone way over edit it and think it
looks like it should be in a magazine
and put it up that's the result of that
that's I can't believe I even posted
that what is even that that's still on
my facebook I got this from my facebook
page see they don't care if you go on
the album's it's so cringe here we have
another this is in the year 2011 year
four years ago here we have another
photo shoot leave Egypt with the digi
camera hilarious how I used to upload
these and at the bottom of the picture
actually says the date and the time on
it like so professional Deena look at
the pose guys are going to serious pose
Wow a tailor to make me this dress in
Egypt and I was like it's such a genius
design friggin disgusting okay that is
all the photos I have for you today guys
I hope you found this video entertaining
I certainly did looking through these
pictures everybody goes to that stage
usually like teenage years where you
think you're like right about everything
you think you know everything you think
you're so stylish you think you so hot
you're super confident with everything
super cocky and it's just really funny
to look back at these things so I'm glad
to have these photos for my kid to look
back and laugh at as well and anyway so
yeah just remember if you are 16 15 14
even 14 to like 20 year and you look
like how I did then this a good thing is
a really good thing take your time to
grow up thanks for watching and till
next time bye
