hi guys okay so today's video thank you
we do husband does my makeup tag so this
is fiddly the husband
I'm completely makeup free all of my
makeup is in my acrylic drawer over here
I'm gonna give you free rein to do FP
once you can use all of my makeup all of
my brushes absolutely everything and
we'll just see the results anyway come
on that's it
off you pop so ladies loves we're just
gonna get straight into it kind of look
I'm going for today I don't know it's a
simple look here brushes I don't know
which ones war I'm gonna start with eyes
focuses on the eyes and I work my way
down I think okay I'm just going to use
concealer first for her eyes I think
that will conceal the nooks and crannies
the crooks and crevices all that I have
mixing credit yeah you do a special
around yeah so this is a Garnier skin
Naturals
roll-on focus yeah that thing that's
where it is okay so we're just gonna
down around here
close your eyes nothing but we're just
covering up all the little uh-oh
don't you see mouth all the little
wrinkles if you have any wrinkles and
and we're also like I think this is like
this is doing this is like primer but
any guys watching this is basically
primer yeah yeah I'm just priming this
area because I wanna yeah this area how
much for the overcoat this is the
undercoat and and what brush uh I don't
want to do anything cuz then she'll go
mad I think this looks alright really
cuz my sensitive area and small area too
okay so there's a nuts and crannies the
bit that
I think we'll just do that so just close
your eyes like that we just want to
spread that basically blend blend it in
as much as possible
look it already dry that's kind of weird
yeah yeah just just close your eyes
sorry I didn't close your eye this month
look like a mania have my looks and
crannies disappeared uh I don't know too
close
quite therapeutic this is we did you
know that it because of the brightness
here it drags you towards the eyes yeah
we're gonna do now here's a maybe a bit
of foundation around here you might want
to sit there's like where they came from
too so we're going to use this one
because I think a rapper made it it's
called nas Oh little dippy thing okay
great I thought it wasn't a dip eating
stuff I chose it but it is are you just
gonna stay on my teeth no I was just
going straight on we're gonna come out
we're gonna cover these big because uh
yeah that'd be the right nuts around
here maybe you might want to put that
back where it came from and that all
right I use the same brush oh really
yeah yeah we'll use that same brush oh
oh well oh that is a lot
Oh God
a little goes a long way with me doesn't
it come on let's see if you can make it
work oh my god why do I look so pale
God you look so pale oh that's not good
no not the number we're gonna take some
of this chocolate sauce with the white
the whites are there look yeah I need a
wife cuz that's just too much let's just
ruin the whole thing
but mentally simple honest it's not
simple at all now that's foundational my
school hate that how do you like an
makeup wash I thought they just work
with you literally just can't make up
what you took two out okay that's one
careful you take it all off
yeah yeah I want to take most of it off
okay what my little babies after step 2
okay if you'll be pulling my scarf back
there oh you're really white well I'm
sure you can rectify that with other
products yeah yeah I'm rectifying it and
I'm just gonna work on the eye so if you
can give me some sort of eyeliner
no I can't give you you okay so I just
want to fill this in as light as
possible because the moving light
go with the direction where the hair
grows yet yeah good tip there girls who
like to do the drag queen eyebrows I
highly recommend you don't that's it so
we're doing like this
Wow my brother looks proper like them
thin pencil plucked one yeah that's what
we're going for
okay while you've got thin pencil
plucked eyebrows
okay like these guys okay can you just
close the odds
how can you give the little flicks on
the interval cat eye cat eye that's what
it is it's gone it's gone tits up reven
complete it yeah okay
I'm relaxed close so Terry pew tick you
move around a lot my I didn't die did
you even move around two months here all
the time look it stopped moving
okay three please you
what you put nothing on this yeah I want
them when I put make them black on day
so you won't hit you up like a token
yeah I'll try not smudge this area are
you going for a smoke here whatever it
is I don't know I'm trying to get life
blendy on the eye okay and then I'll
refill in the thing basically just I'm
getting some of the wetness of the
tissue and so I can just blend the
eyeliner Robin Oh see you're smudging my
eyeliners much in the oil okay so you're
not using black eyeshadow no no like
just smudging your eyeliner okay what's
that look like
oh that looks horrible so just so you
guys know he's dumping this brush with a
makeup white and smudging the eyeliner
that he applied earlier okay we're just
gonna do that well brushes this you're
using a blue lip brush
it's for blue blue that's it there you
go
I'm going back in on the eyeliner now
and I'm gonna do the whole life oh my
god I didn't believe you man
like look how many wrinkles you're
making on your bloody eyes the heck is
mine it's just all over the place like
difficult eyeliner isn't it's not
difficult if for one you've got you
that's laughing if it was flat I'd be
able to do it
what do you mean if it was flat and I
know you're crinkle in there you're
going over I'm gonna lock that bake me
off okay serious good
you know on the mess what are you well I
give up I can't do that Wow
yeah whatever you fired wait a
minute why'd y'all find your name boy
your boy there's some bronzer ring or
whatever it is I'm just gonna grab this
this book here and I'm gonna put it on
the side hey okay look this is going on
your it's pink
yeah you put pink blush on my chin why
what's the logic behind us look here
when you Bluff just to bring some of the
pink in there suck it okay basically I
want something very luxe straight right
here oh okay
what are you doing I don't know what are
you trying to create with this just like
you know how you do Photoshop and stuff
you bring stuff out that's on do right
now contouring is that what it is flaky
contouring yes like trying to bring the
cheekbone out but making a fake shadow
underneath perfect that's the exact
theory pinecone Jory okay
and do you know what I'm going to darken
up the chin the forehead and you use the
same brush throughout really for
concealer Foundation and now also
contour well if anybody's on a budget
okay I'm gonna bring it in here my nose
yeah so this is the nose I got a fat
news that's one is that poster
yes you create the shadow in there okay
look I know what I'm doing I don't need
you to tell me what I'm doing I'm trying
to get you to tell them what you're
doing okay
so Jane what I'm showing is up of dark
and these areas here here and I'm gonna
darken these areas as well and then I'm
gonna lighten this I think and like an
above that light and then wait when you
do now official yeah I'm gonna like it
here and then I'm gonna like em it and
I'm gonna like it here above the sheet
above the cheekbone and now I'm gonna
lighten with the same brush yep same
brush that's on a budget yeah so I'm
gonna come straight down here like that
and then final you got a definite beat
get that bulbous yeah so up here I have
a highlighter by the way what's the
homeowner you're like ship everything
look I'm Bangor I work with what I've
got
versa literally how it is but you've got
everything no I don't need anything else
okay so what I need to do now is I just
need to take a big fat brush like this
oh and literally just oh gentle please
be gentle
so everything marries together like
you're making a roast chicken
let me just see chemical they don't look
too bad in year 2000 eyebrows year 2000
yeah I'm loving it
that's a - you lie about it love Wow
mm-hmm
I'm gonna put my scar on lipstick on and
I think I'm gonna darken up some bits
again a little bit more will go with
this kiss is expensive is it I don't
know I think it is you bought it and I
was like wow is that the price Oh
fantastic
whoa fantabulous that works really well
yeah chin chin and let's just break
marry you right now let's do lips with a
lip oh god you've got too much lipstick
stuff let's go with this it's the first
one I thought pick yeah okay what are
you doing
oh I'll be some doula is wick wow that's
so pink I can really see it coming
together it looks like that Barbie kind
of black eyes looking one good oh it
kind of just fell into that into that
trap you know what I'm gonna do
mmm this is a bit unconventional but
basically I'm getting the lipstick right
here yeah maybe they'll go mad
you just rub that into your thumbs some
people do usually fix blusher it works
so well
get it off get it off why are there
looking good think of my boy Oh God
you need to go dark stop breathing like
a hog won't bring them Oh lipstick on
the bony Oh hurry up a lot more tanned
yeah better
I'm using this telescopic extra black
because I like telescopes so we're just
going to go the top one and you're gonna
tell your boss it's about me it's not me
but I need to blink
no no blinking involved no blinking yeah
you just do that that's just gonna rise
to the occasion
work your way up buddy did and then do
the top
get on execute to the bottom of it go to
put it all of you down there wrong with
this woman
oh do you know what what has happened
well I've gotten just about mascara
everywhere yeah
so what working with Lee differently in
we just we're just gonna adapt to the
moment so we're going to do this one and
once that's done we're going to adapt to
the moment so adapt into the moment
means not talking what it means we're
not gonna get this brush whatever it is
and to put a bit of black and we're just
gonna um yeah I'm gonna fill in really
dense towards the middle of the eye
really yeah careful cuz I'm a scholar
still wet and then when I come out I'm
gonna think it really oh I feel like it
was looking okay until now right that's
about you
I saw this in a photo shoot once this
works with any brush paint brush any
Bush we do smoke this Kyle oh my god
what have you done you were doing good
things so what we're gonna do is I don't
actually look in the camera but I'll put
too much on so we're just going to go
back on Heather do some of this
okay if you could wonder sit sit I
happen you were doing really well I will
just work on this oh yeah
the problem is I don't know how much you
too much not much is too much
well it's definitely them that I isn't
it see that always good okay let's have
a look that is good the other ones not
I prefer oh shoot look those just trying
to make you feel bad so uh are you done
yeah is this your final look let me see
yeah I think so
so what look have you gone for exactly
like a photo shoot cool book it's like
that really dark smoky yes
like imagine it ready photo shoot
oh my this horrible should be more here
no more here yeah anyway at least you
tried
and I thought you were going good until
you went a bit mad with the eyeshadow I
think I can fix it no I think we're done
today I think I'll just do one left
clothes and bow Sid was yeah it was ear
to King oh god oh my god you did so bad
you think so much I'm gonna go wash my
face now so thanks for watching let us
know if you want to see maybe a few
videos of Sidra styling me he could be
like styling picking an outfit for me
for may be doing my scar something funny
like that it's good fun to film with
suit because it means I don't have to do
much so anything thanks for watching
till next time la see ya
