top of the morning to you guys why are
you obsessed with Irish this is thus the
thing top of the moment well we're
taking I don't care not an island so
okay I'll speak Turkish exactly gobble
gobble
last two days left we were thinking
let's explore like crazy because to make
to my landlord and to see are gone so
we're going to order call today it's
meant to be dope nice as hell Dina wants
to go to shop ISM so that he Ramon yeah
Turkish brands so we're gonna go to
selective hall another budget and then
straight after that I could do the absol
acrobatic tram stop and instead of
getting a cab because they call the
traffic we're just gonna try and walk to
auto coil right cuz should only be about
25 30 minutes so should be all wrong I
maybe get a drink on the way we're gonna
have a come here today
exactly protector Shakti you look
amazing yes if they like to stuff them
with loads of weird not weird well it is
kind of weird to put like sausage and
different things in there
sighs look I think all over like example
they happen by that like straight
straight dogs and cats go and have a
munch which is amazing amazing about
what we love about it cuz me and Sid the
Turkish people are very good people
yeah like all the stray cat the dogs are
like healthy and well-fed and everyone's
really nice to them not like in other
countries like for example Egypt where
they can eat there's a lot of cool tips
- yeah I'm like I'm not even strays even
the ones at home that's what they're
done with them it's just on streets like
cats and dogs openly like asleep in
front of people so even in Britain they
wouldn't do that they'd be scared think
of the tree but wait they're here come
your community is open to people oh it
must be awful isn't it wow that is so
beautiful look at all the pigeons look
at the master cages the biggest red
potatoes on this planet
I'm very physically a jack potato
with everything on it with everything
even through the kitchen sink in then
come on let's go eat but we really got
spoons dude have full taste believe that
without food God sits tucking in already
where do I begin
come here some goodies how are you know
make it magic
some birdie and I can't be explain
what's in there there's so much fun fact
you guys didn't know about in a kid
possibly the messiest eater in the world
I don't know how easy is what the heck
is love I don't know what to let the
mine just most of it's in the boss most
of the others outside the ball how you
enjoying it yeah yeah I don't ever get
in the back of a cab goes there's the
first second capital capture on the way
to hell yeah
what's your wedgie I got a red tiene you
just got to step ahead more seven here
more it's quite big it's really quite
quite massive is that it's the biggest
more than you know this was supposed to
be like a little more sort of Turkish
brands there's a bloody Debenhams I
don't want deference and all of the
sessions are all of you all of you
Turkish viewers have been telling me to
to go do so Here I am and Here I am I'm
gonna buy some Turkish shoes to be
honest with you is a fail it was a
bigger fail it's a really good mall but
I'm not looking for
you know my European brands are just
like regular I'm looking for Turkish
brands so like Turkish so I should have
picked the fattest Street thing instead
of stepping here more we don't know is
we don't have to get there so basically
I'm just gonna have to shopping Grand
Bazaar Sultan Ahmed area and we're just
going to go to Mario's now so that we
would have done some
and I might do to my garden get up
Sunday to and then we might have caused
Union and the Popeyes today
a stickler anyway whatever
yeah ended up in the food court having
Tamaki DS and since having an Arby's
this is my perfect meal because it's
thought my bag then I bought some more
jewelry and we bought Mama's back and
now we're tracking all the way up this
hill
it's quite steep yeah it doesn't look
like it bloody well is oh excuse me you
dropped basically to go up to the
gallant tower and see the view basically
and now this guy wants me well I'm um oh
no no no we're back at the gallant our
we on the lift we thought we had to go
upstairs but thank God we don't burn up
in the legs
Gallatin for Jo my my realizes who my
lashes gonna go which was they were just
going Wendy's come upon them before
something really bold I'd who is that
you just went we gonna have a drink up
this yeah
it's the lipstick this is a view his if
you guys okay we're vlogging filming oh
yeah thank you
oh we just came from the top of the
galata tower and it has an epic view as
you probably see from the pictures that
we're gonna post on instagram so and we
got some footage but it doesn't do it
justice
anyway we're gonna go we're going home
hotel now well hotel home and I think
yeah his we were gonna go to the Hagia
Sophia mosque but you know my heels are
killing so
think I would pull a day tomorrow's our
last day just came back after a long day
and somebody's left this at the hotel
if pack heavy what is this what fringe
Kashmir so who are the kisses go from
somebody didn't take you thanks for
adding more shine on our beautiful
Istanbul with lots of love it peg carry
oh if I carry guys how beautiful are
these girls Instagram a pet character
but oh I can't even put out that
