to see Oh guys it's raining and we all
have we've made one big umbrella no
let's walk for you run Bazaar and and
it's great because this car you just so
much better they can achillion EG&G dust
ah that's nice
just to have scattered around the house
you know yeah
then look it up I would have that in the
house to do I have to just anomaly I've
chose you sit mama
yeah that's much that one
it's various and whose walk along
all the men are they having trouble give
it up
lefty I really love teeth a better
relaxed 240 think we're gonna get an end
up getting a kill him I really want one
no don't want to kill him on a carpet
you don't you want a naughty one we will
walk home on this one all the stuff is
really expensive here in and because
they literally some day somebody sits
down and makes it
yeah Allah Allah Allah
we need a scarf ginger I just love the
print why won't you like what is it that
you just a caravan it was nice oh oh I
might have to get one or two in the
Grand Bazaar having a quick Technopolis
empty-handed everybody all of it I can
meet this justification to them that's
how much they should be pieces when we
release our hands yet we live with our
hands anyway and we just got told to
speed the oil run and hurry things up a
bit because they seem to be a what about
that guy who we're trying to find page
an off which it easy oh my god we went
to look a painting like mosaic ceramic
thing and we were shooting the picture
of the one we want to the one on it lamb
and he was like have you seen this
someone else you seen it it was like
yeah he was a good bite from bitch who
like no you mean you seen it online and
we're looking for exactly and he was
like
he's rude and we like that you deserve a
shot I'm going on our down show to see
just constantly taken like
behind-the-scenes photos of all of us
man how do they do that
it's really hard so you know here what
is the heck I didn't do it I need you do
these stupid umbrellas I didn't not like
this one nice dude I'm taking a picture
put it by you put it by your face I'll
take the picture
Oh
mean in this pouring snoring we should
carry heavy rain man I got nothing to
gain man
what kebab slushed shall wear my
takeaways may watch Game of Thrones and
then go see the two newer guys the
whirling dervish she likes his new shirt
I love it she'll be a new shape so it's
dream to you oh sorry about that it's
lovely
linen shirt we're going oh my god my
necklace is so jingling what the hell we
are going now to see the Welling
birthdays
you
hello are you greeting us yeah you
pretty nosy gorgeous
we love cross means it okay
so guys what did you think truthfully
now we just watched the whirling dervish
you the spinny guys and whirling
dervishes what did you think Dina you
know what I rather watch I rather watch
oh god the clock you know more honorable
Jovi yes no no no no I rather watch what
I rather watch bed sheet I rather liked
big brother
I rather watch bed sheets been in a
washing machine
would you just blasted he's a chewing
gum thing go yourself when I was beeping
what's this bro line in the middle of
the road yeah
