guys
oh yeah when the airport we're going to
take you understand it stumble Thank You
be natural
try keyboard natural natural
to get money on oh yeah there's a strobe
from paddock one o'clock in the morning
it's now four o'clock and it's now 4:30
in the morning and we have an hour and a
bit - laughs that's the only thing yes
no we call blog with this camera if I
can you have to log with the other one
so awkward lips hole it's all good after
the other the hunt
yeah but have to go all the way out like
this instead of like hey this is zoomed
out oh yeah oh yeah guys I got my
eyelash it did hold on it's not focusing
there guys I got my eyelashes it
remember I said you can't really tell
but maybe you can tell when I go to
guard you I use wig off the plane yay
and coincidentally would work we bumped
into Tuesday and mom and now we're going
to get our bags yeah it's so tight we
sit in the middle seat and Sid was
literally just like this which bag is
cuz I've nowhere else to just maybe
which bag is it panic panic I
guess buggies
we just got the hotel this is the lobby
go down this is our room
it's okay the views the views not
amazing but it's a nice cozy room sir I
love this chair like and this painting
it's so nice and the beds are so nice
I'm so sleeping and single pure self I
don't like when Sid Wiggles his feet on
my are we gonna freshen up and basically
meet mama and juicy and go for some
booze we need more men to seize hotel
room checking it out now and we're a bit
depressed because so much nicer than
ours check it out girls
yeah but we're happy and basically can
you believe our luck can you believe so
put the bloody suitcase keys on the car
keys and there's whipper Paki see that's
a smashing open though he's had two bids
had to pressure one my suitcase open to
prise open to get my stuff out and we
need a pen to do since today basically
so we're gonna go for dinner anyway
check out mama and two seas view that
right there the Hagia Sophia mosque to
be honest with you I'm gonna sit on this
wall now from the suburbs for about half
an hour and get some good pictures
what's this behind me my wing look
behind me
Mama's looking at Matt Whitsitt mama
likes feel organized don't get down t to
get down now how can you not stand on it
mom
anyway we're good to you now just
sitting here and a bird literally just
shell on the table
and then and then can we get possibly
get a wet cloth with a bit of washing-up
liquid on that as well plea yeah there
we go that one right there
sit thought he was I mean the waiter
thought Sid was gonna have as an
appetizer nice for you guys nice in this
mirror anyway I've just been taking
selfies here you probably follow but
it's the glass just stay in the lobby
having a pen what happens here special
my head at dinner why we're server hard
and we just had text delight and now we
want to buy it and I want to take it out
the picture against this wall oh this
lips
yes
et Terra noises no bees hangers happy
birthday you know the one with the
panoramic restaurant at the tumble you
see from our one panel that was the
other hurt on that was gonna book a
little kind of difference we mean
Tuesday it's nice
I'm the tanned one anyways the fake one
had better do as take a chair and a
people it's pouring down Dean is they
actually properly walking in the rain
it's been quite fun so far and we bought
turkish delights a gold just selection
it's so tasty tasty sick still I've ever
had and I don't really have a lot of sex
delight so I can't really talk about
weight it's good man Turkish delight yet
God they just told me offers are
watching guys or someone's wedding in
Turkey in supermarket rested sick
picking on his junk as usual any country
were India together
classic is it classic as that classic
back in the hotel room
couldn't we blog that much because it
was pouring down and the light in this
room is a very good that's why yes look
sis silk six shots as little ballerina
socks anyway we just get a chill out the
rest of night now so see you tomorrow
bow
