hi guys today I'm doing another haul
video yay it's a boots haul video I went
to boots the other day and I went wild
and boots of all loads and those are
things I basically I'm going on a short
little holiday and I bought those are
things that I need for that and maybe
that would help you but also just want
to show you I bought because I have
never done a boots haul before so it's
exciting here's my boots bag and all I'm
going to do is just sit here rummage
through and show you everything
hopefully the bag isn't too noisy the
first thing I bought is boots family
wipes 40 soft moist tissues aqua smell
or flavor I guess basically I bought
these because you know when you travel
like aeroplane and you need toilet
public toilets sometimes are not great
even if they are great you always feel
like you need to clean everything up
before you even touch the door and so
these are incredibly handy for airplane
and things like this so I bought them
just regular wipes really staying on two
wipes guys I've also gone bought hypo
Aled I've also gotten bought yes to
cucumbers facial towelettes and
basically just face wipes for makeup
removal because well to remove a makeup
basically by the way the reason I went
to Boots is because a lot of these items
were all like three for two so it's good
for me in the long run anyway then I
also went a bought thin pole and I make
up a makeup remover wipes because the
other ones are for my face and I need
something a bit more gentle for my eyes
so I've got a makeup one carrying on
with the arm makeup removal system I
also went and bought simply the
sensitive foaming cleansing wash I
basically wanted to buy another makeup
remover just because and the other one I
had was too big and too heavy this is
still quite big but it's not as big as
the other one I'm going my bathroom so I
bought this one for that I don't mind
the simply brand is okay so that's just
for makeup removal on my face and that
was three for two as well then I went to
bought the simple aids resisting eye
cream which has got green tea in it
they need something that's gonna keep my
eyes hydrated because basically before I
go on holiday I'm planning on getting
the semi-permanent eyelash extensions to
save me time doing my makeup and things
like that in the morning and apparently
you know you can't use oil-based creams
or oil-based makeup remover while you
have these eyelash extensions because it
can remove them and normally I hydrate
around my eyes at nighttime with almond
oil or coconut oil or castor oil so I
bought something for the time that I'm
not gonna be happy that I'm not gonna be
able to use oil basically which is just
I cream and I wanted to buy also a face
cream a smaller package one so I bought
the soap & Glory brand I've used the
face cream from soap & Glory before and
it's not bad and although recently I've
been trying not to use any face creams
and just use oil to moisturize my skin
with I don't want to take my oil with me
because it's big and it's glass and I
can't be bothered pouring a bit of it
into a container or buying any out there
and it's got an SPF 50 in it so by the
way I'm going to Istanbul if you want to
know I'm go to Istanbul for a week
holiday in Sharla and on my birthday so
it should be fun and yes so some
protection and this okay then I went and
bought just simple boots
Salam's smooth nail files because I
always need them when I'm traveling
have you noticed my nails I've been not
growing them but I've been keeping them
you know a longer length recently and so
I'm constantly filing them when they get
chipped and you know things like math
when I was younger always used to buy
perfumes and for the past I'd say three
years I haven't actually bought myself a
perfume I've just received it as a gift
now and then so I don't have like a
favorite perfume however when I was
younger my favorite perfume was black
excess and I just wanted to treat myself
and I thought I'll just buy that one
because the only one I know and so I
bought myself 50ml like excess haven't
even opened it yet and I'm going to open
it and use it I went and bought the Real
Techniques Beauty Blender which I've
used a book twice before and I really
love it the reason I bought it twice
before and I'm rebuy
is because I can't figure out how to
wash these things I've tried washing my
old ones and they're a stain age of
makeup never fully comes off so I really
don't know if you guys could tell me how
am I supposed to wash my bleach my
Beauty Blender really I've been using
like baby shampoo I've been using I mean
I've been washing it how I wash all my
brushes they wash fine but my beachy
benders don't seem to wash properly so I
always find myself buying another one
and anyway this is super handy when
you're traveling cause you'd have to
take as many brushes with you you just
have this and you can use it for powder
concealer foundation friggin everything
recently my hands are big getting super
super dry and still it's like around my
lips as well actually I don't know why
that usually happens to me in the winter
not summer so but it's been getting
really really dry and again I normally
use oil to moisturize I do have another
hand cream but it's really big bottle so
I bought Crabtree and Evelyn mini hand
therapy chew for when I'm traveling
which is handy that was only five pounds
and this one smells and I can't remember
but smells lovely
I bought a Barry M sharpener which was
only 2 pounds and it's double sided one
for the fat a cup sticks you have and
the other one for the thin makeup fits
you have basically the story is I had a
shop and already I was in Cardiff it had
his brother round and they cleaned up
the house before they left and came to
Cardiff as well and basically for some
reasons he decided that my sharpener
which was it on the bottom shelf was
rubbish and decided to throw out and it
was the only shop and I had literally
been surviving with no sharpener now for
the past like maybe one month and so all
my lip liners and eyeliners everything
are all blunt and I haven't been able to
do things properly so I finally heard a
Polish are people ok guys moving on to
maker wanted to try a different mascara
and I bought this before I decided that
I mashed your gonna get semi-permanent
eyelash extensions so I mean I guess I
can still use them when the eyelash
extensions are gone by the way if any of
you guys have had sunny permanent
eyelash extensions please let me know
what your experience was like if it was
an awful experience don't tell me
because to tell me if it was a decent
experience and give me advice about to
take care of them and things anyway I
bought the L'Oreal because it was three
- but these hips moving on to lips I
don't know why I bought these but
they're the collection collection brand
and I just saw them it's just like a
spontaneous thing that I did I just
decided to buy them I'll swatch one on
my lips for you now if you want this
light color do you like it and if you
can see very well there there's
something woo it's a lip gloss I'm
getting a bit bored of like matte
lipsticks and things like that so I
thought it'd try some lip gloss give a
bit of shine on the lips right there
there you go
I don't know what happened but when I
came home I found this berry M lipstick
in my bag so I'm guessing that the lady
at the till had it on the side and it
was another customers or something and
she accidentally put it in my bag so I
basically got free Barry M lipstick and
it's great actually because I've been
looking for a hot pink lipstick and I
got one for free by accident so there
you go Barry M hot pink I never buy
number 7 but it was just there on the
side and I was like oh I need a new
highlighter so I bought this highlighter
which is intense radiance highlighter
and the reason I got it is because it's
this style let me just try on there for
you I don't know I haven't even tried it
yet I'm it is that a seed honest no hey
girl your man for you shiny highlighter
yeah I bought that has it done anything
what if I haven't done anything that's
rubbish I went and bought a concealer
right now my like favorite foundation is
M Max Factor and so I thought I'd try a
Max Factor concealer for years and years
I've been buying concealer that's you
know at two shades lighter than my skin
tone and doing the whole highlight
underneath but very recently I've been
buying concealer that's actually just
the same color as my foundation or the
same color as my skin and just blending
it all in and not doing the highlight
underneath so yeah bought this bought in
the beige 309 color and you just stop it
on like that and you blend it all in and
then I bought a L'Oreal lipliner in this
color the good thing about this is Adobe
to shop and I just do this and go down
like this so bought that lastly guys
this is literally my favorite item I
picked this up at the till when I was
going to pay for everything
I was like oh you know what I keep
seeing this eyeliner I'm just gonna try
it and it's ten pounds and it's the
benefit they're real push-up liner you
guys all probably see and the till as
well I went home and I opened it and I
was like oh no this looks weird so let
me just show you it's like this you pull
this orange thing out and it's basically
a floppy appointed kind of plasticky
thing and what happens is you screw the
bottom of the eye liner and eyeliner
liquid or jelly stuff comes out and
literally I tried it and it is my
favorite eyeliner it allows you to
create the perfect wing with so much
ease oh I just push them out I hate when
that happens man and that's it for me
guys
thanks for watching till then bye
