hi guys yeah I'm back with another video
and today's video is a styling video
finally styling slash out of the day
slash lookbook mini lookbook so that's
exciting today I'm bringing you three
different looks featuring three
different pieces from alia collections
comm any collections is an online store
that specializes in modest two layers or
like really different things from
different cultures things like the aisle
it's really exciting they also have a
specific page on the website that
features loads of designers where you
prepare to space lecture so that's
lovely
obviously I'm already wearing one but
you'll have to wait to see plus the
video for the full lip anyway so the
looks that I've created today hopefully
are going to help you guys during the
hot month of ramadhan that we have comes
up in about a month's time we all know
it's going to be really long days and
it's going to be really difficult
because it is during the summer and so
these outfits are kind of really like
ramadan i'm inspired they're really like
cultural pieces some of them depending
on you and your culture and what you get
up to in eight they could be
incorporated and aid outfits to sew up
to you to take the inspiration and do a
what with it basically i hope you
enjoyed the video guy i will leave all
the relevant links in the description
below for all your collections you can
check out their website and their
instagram also don't forget to check out
my instagram for pictures of the outfits
obviously the choice on their website is
insane so hopefully this is really going
to help you guys looking for those kind
of nice pieces a day so we'll get
straight to it enjoy
the
Oh
you
the
Oh
