hi guys today I'm doing the furry friend
tag whoo so that basically means that
you get to meet my friends hey friends
so let me just go grab the furry friend
of mine okay
he's very friend umber one chocolate
would you believe me me me me very phone
number - everybody knows Taj already
charity just come to tea lip touch the
challenge Meister up you pop and this is
very friend humble three yes see it
everybody in his pajamas sit in his pj's
how many shaking sis
there's my husband oh my god okay so
guys if any of you guys follow me and
say stop here we do it d-10 you will
know how much we love our furry friends
our two cats Choji and chaplain all
we're gonna do is go through the
questions on my phone and answer them
some of you will already know the
answers but it's just fun it's just an
excuse for me to put to do a whole video
with my cat mojo
oh he snores okay let's let them hear it
so what is your pet's name this
particular pet is touji Choji san chose
meister chose chose what kind of pet is
it and what breed well obviously he's a
kitty cat and he's a Persian kitty cat
he's the Persian poet Rhett a red /
ginger posing sweet ginger persuasion
cat look at his legs
picking his legs I told our movie ever
do how long have you had your pet and
when did we get him we got him last he's
about uh 10 month old but we haven't had
him for 10 months we've had him for
about eight months
Choji hey still a kitten although he's
massive how did you get your hands a
junior he's a junior how did you get
your pet
we went on pets for homes app on my
phone and had a look at okay okay too
long wait some less I'm wrong had a look
at Persian cats in the area president
kittens cuz I always wanted him I had a
Persian cat before in Egypt unless she
passed away so I always wanted one again
the hair lines going back no listen
don't go off into random topics please
how come on automation hat how long how
did we get our pets so basically we
found the breeder and we said can we
come and see the kittens we did we fell
in love with chode Sid was gonna patch
it up
Sid was gonna pick his brother I was
like all right trust me we have to pick
that one because that one is the one and
I was right he's the one and we bought
him basically we bought him that's how
we did and if any if anybody must know
around how much like persian kittens are
normally and we paid for mr. drew pay
him three hundred and would pay three
hundred and ninety pounds for him so
what happened was we went on pets
whatever oh yeah she gave it to us from
him this was the ad right here this was
the advert for pet on pets for homes I
wish you can focus that some quickie
things about your pets personality uh
Josie's buiiet quirky is he doesn't let
anybody sleep a midday he doesn't let
anyone if you're sleeping in a house
midday he will be like alright wake up
yeah and then you stop patting you and
then you'll lick you because chose
elixir like insane he's got the roughest
tongue in the world so hurt so you're
lucky alike your eyeball or your
whatever to bike the nostril like you
he'll bite you look I tell you what
totally Sid said more than me yeah and
when you've woken up he's just like
alright my job's done so he then he goes
away it's up to touji when it's time for
everybody to wake up in the house yeah
they school if sick pretends to like and
be angry with Choji then Chazz you will
be like hey we're and go look at hip
like what what is it what we're done
we're done that's funny and when choji's
in a really good mood
and he starts purring he starts pairing
so much that he starts to sound like an
owl doesn't he hey whoa whoa and he and
he snores he's up
really he's not lazy it's kind of cute
because because he's Persian but he's
not regular Persian because his face is
so flat if you look at it from the side
it doesn't point out at all
it's like it's like completely flat his
whole face he snore breathes okay Q what
does your relationship with your pet
mean to you well for example we got
Choji first as a kitten and then we got
Chaplin and a six month late or
something and Sid was finding it very
hard to love Chaplin as much as he loves
chose you because he feels so loyal to
Choji and you still kind of feel like
that you chose he's like oh geez like
your main man yeah yeah I mean no he's
wrong jouji got a special place in the
whole yeah because he's got he's got
like they love she's got a personality
he's not like he's like a human well my
butt was of our cups of like humors
whatever I think what are some of your
favorite pastimes with your pick
oh I dunno he got stuck underneath a ha
ha that was pretty funny
if you want anything secret yeah going
into some pieces this one foe I think
this is the most popular photo on there
yes and he's got his head coming off
like a whole delicious thing and he's
the eyes are like what like get me out
of here I can't get off so for like four
three it was like 3 hours wasn't it he
was trying to get out of this hole and I
had to saw it he had to saw the hole
watch Reggie was under D so yeah
freaking out and it was funny because
every time I go to saw his portal hey
I'm a saw like no okay what are the
nickname nicknames that you call you a
pet we kind of already answered that
Choji San Jose Meister so Trisha time to
sign basically we him after because he
was kind of like plump I named him after
a Naruto character this kind of fur and
he looks just like him so Choji yeah
yeah Chapas hey choppers aka sir Chaplin
he is definitely completely different so
first of all he's different kind of cat
he's a Maine Coon kitten film English
look his efo miss Lily's and apparently
Maine Coons don't like it grow
for like two years it's not the most
tufted poles I've ever seen in my life
good literally did they like insanely
tough dude if they look at that yeah he
he can't grip on the floor he just
slides over he's he's a needy
he's a needy truck so basically
Georgie's just like kind of does his own
thing old wise cab but young and
chaplains like as soon as you start
stroking him he'll pin over there
straight away and chaplain is the kind
of cat that comes up to you and does
their does the that thing kneading the
kneading thing like every two seconds
and he'll do it for like a good 10
minutes straight and then he'll just
flop himself on you
unlike beg for strokes by like rubbing
his face on you he's such a such a
lovable cuddly cat you know what you
crave off a dog that love and affection
that you don't dog you get that off
Chaplin so we've got like the best of
both worlds with these two cats my dog
he's basically like a dog and he fetches
the best fetch fetch he fetches more now
yeah he's a lunatic this one
yeah like get his favorite toy which is
like this frilly stick thing and he'll
drag it between his legs and it's funny
because he's like walking like this and
he's just jump up onto the sofa and drop
it by you like come on it's time to play
yeah and the best thing that Chaplin
does is he chirps oh yeah he does it's
just easy I know he knows like a regular
cat but the main thing he does is he
ships and like when he gets hyper he
runs out in the house like a lunatic and
this is the noise you make that's how we
wake up motion it's literally the
hallways easy man that's how I wake up
most mornings from Chaplin running all
over me in the mornings on the bed
making making thunders anyway we got
Chaplin the same way what shows you we
got contacted another breeder who had
some Menken kittens and because we
wanted the main confessed of all I
really want the Persian I'm Sid really
one domain cool so we like will get them
in second because I want the bad thing
about Chaplin is breath flipping freaks
anyway we contacted the breeder and we
just went and Chaplin was 300 pounds so
he's cheaper than chose and oh my god I
just love him so he's got the best cat
personality ever my shop they're both
still lovable they don't scratch they
don't attack unless they're playing
obviously what he's gone
yeah if you missed it mate it's over
there oh you killed I oh you killed it
no don't kill it we just love them
that's it that's the very fence I go I
love doing videos with my cat okay
that's crap oh yeah grandpa then for a
family portrait oh you guys look all
right you go to the camera what come but
he's good today look at 83 family
portrait of with say my cats
say bye get get you see but he hates me
right now bye bye bye bye from our
family therefore guys how much as soon
as he grown like since you guys you guys
know him to do the kittens there oh he's
gorgeous changed myself the leg as oh
you guys are so big done ha ha oh ha ha
wait this is a kid eat up a bit
oh did you hear the chirping did you
check off thanks for watching guys let
me know what videos you'd like to see
with Sid next I'm thinking of them doing
he does my makeup or maybe one way he
likes tiles me with clothes for my
wardrobe or maybe he does my scarf
something like that
if cheatboys done let us know what you
want to see from me as it we will try
and vlog we will try and get videos up
on our channel really soon in it yeah we
haven't done anything on that we will
try we'll try we'll try to do the bean
boozled challenge on that night is busy
man Janna playing GTA alright anyway
body pursued by a friend number three
see ya
loot it cat I'm having a fever
shut the blunt
