hi guys it's been a long time and my
back whoo anyway so I know I promised
that my ex videos would be a shopping
haul and Here I am doing shopping haul
finally it's happened to me right in
front of my face I shopped please be
warned I have no idea for if I'm in
focus or not cuz I'm using a different
lens than I normally do and it's kind of
like going all up in this place and I
don't even know but hopefully edit ok so
basically so I'm pretty much been
shopping for spring /summer
clothes I've been buying loads of things
I'm not showing you everything because
I'd literally be here for an hour if I
was to do that so I'm just going to show
you like my favorite items that have
been buying so and mainly I bought
things from H&M a sauce boohoo um it
shouldn't it just be who listen it was
good and although as well I need to find
a new likely location to film I need to
find like a spot a filming spot I don't
know where in the house to do that yet
so anyway I'm gonna get started guys and
I'm gonna start off with shoes that's
just strange this okay first up we have
H&M okay
I bought these sandals from H&M that's
these ones here big caveman ones they're
basically like the crazy Birkenstocks
that were all around last year and they
kind of still are in now but you know I
kind of got sick of mine and I'm not
wearing Birkenstocks this year so I
bought these because I like the color
set of black and white and and I bought
them because they're super comfortable
15 pounds H&M can't go wrong okay next
we have Aldo I bought these mules
leopard print hello I better not do that
I've worn these out so leopard print
mules
I love them I love any Footwear that's
pointy and so obviously I was going to
like these and these were on say I think
they're like 30 pounds from Aldo online
and I like I like this little gold girl
chabi biteth bottom I love but a gold
bling so they're these
of these because they kind of like good
for spring/summer when I want something
other than sandals maybe a little bit
not smart but I don't know but look is
so nice just like furry it's like pony
hair we love their next we have new look
now it's been a long time since I
shopped a new look really like what I
think I'm new look I just think of like
sixth formers or teenagers and spent a
long time and really the new look shoe
section is actually really good so
anyway I bought these shoes they're like
weaved kind of and while of them is the
curve you don't always want to show your
toes in the summer or the spring and but
you still want them to be cool and airy
and fluffy feet so I bought them because
of that and I also bought them because I
love the color I just think it looks
stunning with like grays and other
pestle basically I love it okay and they
were like 15 pounds or something as well
next if you guys watched my last vlog
you all know that means to discover the
night clearance store and I'm not too
fussed on trainers I mean I love my Air
Force Ones and my Air Max but that's
about it really
um but see it really really loves Mike
Mike Janoski trainers and we found these
in the night clearance store there
already did he was the boy is this life
so we found these in the night clear at
store and he was like Deena you're
getting these because I want you to wear
them because they look wicked so I was
like okay if you want me to have these
then you know I'm not going to say no to
you buying them so plus they're only
like 15 pounds so there you go and I'm
lucky because I got them from the boys
size five and a half section that's why
they're 15 pounds so and actually I'm
glad that he made me get them because
they're really really comfortable I do
like I'm really feeling this blue color
anything this bright blue loving that
love it okay next we have another pair
of new look shoes and let me fix mask
off before I continue need a bit of
oomph off at the top top of course cough
let me fix my top before we continue
said said
what what - what the hell pound me for
no reason
by the way I'm super super ill next we
have another pair of new look shoes and
I'm a bit like don't know why I bought
these because they look like really cool
and like they could be really nice with
outfits online but then they're the kind
of shoes that you get and then when they
come in the purse they're like oh
actually they look really cheap and
nasty but I keep I'll keep them anyway
because I'm sure they look nice with
like a whole white outfit or something
that's these shoes yeah I'm not feeling
them but we'll see if we can make them
work over the summer hopefully and then
got some added ice slides a dress
sliders or slides cuz you slide around
in them and they're just basically these
like um swimming side of the swimming
pool slippers and these are men's ones
in a size 6 I did get them in a size 5
originally but they were like so Thai of
life how is this men plus 5 everywhere
else is fine but they were so tight on
my feet maybe my feet are growing I
don't even know but these a massage
takes in the early 19 pounds and I love
them just like with all white crisp
clean of its own some are so I thought
they'd be nice now these ones are still
in the box because well I'm yet to wear
them actually because I'm saving them
for like a decent and nice outfit and
these are older shoes and these are the
only ones that these are the most
expensive shoe I bought work there's
their Sun in my mouth these are the most
expensive shoe I bought I've paid 75
pounds for these because I was just like
Helen if I've got cat hair on my face
and I cannot locate it
oh I've got yeah really really really
bloody like them and I just thought you
know how I like pointy shoes and usually
I get in nude color but I'm really
liking blue lately so I bought these
blue ones and they're leather they're up
there like fully leather so the 70
pounds is justifiable because leather
not plastic and
then there although rise the meter no no
zoom and the heel is like this and just
like that at the back it was the point
and then this a lovely look mesh thing
and then they've got the straps which
like wraps around your ankle you can
make a pretty bow
I just thought they would be so nice in
the summer um I like especially because
I'm not really much of a heel person
like I literally only wear heels like if
I have to if I'm doing like a blog post
that requires heels or if I'm going to a
wedding other than that it's flats all
the way so literally only heels for
wedding so that's why I thought I get
myself some nice small shoes and that's
these so guys that's all the shoes what
I'm gonna do now is everything hmm
some of these items are sale items some
of them aren't sale so there we go first
things first
ladies and gentlemen we have this top of
here which is actually a dress but it's
like a shift dress if you want to call
it that it's lovely
really a line like that at the back
there's really really subtle pleating
I'm nice and fitted around the arms and
your upper back behind loose and
flattering from the front and snuggle my
arms love it and it's long and covering
the bum obviously and it I bought this
in a size 10 and it was 20 pounds from
H&M so that would be fantastic for the
summer okay next is a sale item and it's
this great big white jumper which I
bought in a size large and it's 10
pounds in the sale hello can you see me
can you swim No look at it it's massive
and I love it I just love oversized
boxy things that change the shape
completely of your upper half so that
you didn't look like a human up top you
just look like a bubble or a square or
something and so I thought that was
really nice probably a lot of you have
this but you fools would have paid full
price so I bought this this was 10
pounds as well
this lovely jumper and I love this
because it's got a high neck kind of
like polo neck so that's lovely for my
turban that was also 10 pounds guys
bought that in a large okay so next hm
item is this oversized
sure checkered shirt oversized
I don't know how oversized is supposed
to be but I bought it in a size 16 and
it was 20 pounds it's so handy all year
round and especially summertime when you
cannot be bothered thinking of what to
wear you let's just get one of these
nice skinny jeans sandals and you're
done really I just like to tuck the
front into my skinny jeans and cover me
backside and I'm good to go really so
that's that foil and then I bought these
two things hmm is great for like things
that you need to layer with like
underneath things and just handy plain
tops that's my phone so when I bought
this in gray long oversized t-shirt
the medium eight pounds and I bought it
in this bright blue like I told you I'm
feeling the bright blue nowadays bought
that in a medium also eight pounds so
love it probably wear that with my
trainers obviously likes is the most
obvious decision isn't it oh goodness me
I'm so L I always buy this this kind of
thing from H&M usually annually as well
so I went about this short sleeve um
midi dress jersey one it comes up to the
knees and it's quite tight and
tight-fitting I just thought that would
be really nice over like white skinny
jeans and then like a share on the top
you know the skirt trouser look so that
would be nice for the summer that was 12
pounds from hm was really looking for
like a printed shirt like floral pretty
much like standard classic kind of one
and I found this from H&M which was only
13 pounds handy for the summer I bought
that in a size 14 and I just I just
think these are so handy for like
layering again so if you've got a light
sweatshirt over the top printed color or
a crop top and then you have the shirt
hanging out or just nice with like a
pair of chinos tucked in I love that
look for the summer it's so laid-back
and so comfortable again one of those
looks you don't really have to think
about I love it this next thing is a
sale item and it was only 7 pounds and I
loved it and I love jumpsuits but I
don't own a lot because to be honest I
don't think they suit me at all they
don't suit my figure like I've got a
very rectangular figure I don't have a
waist I'm just like straight like that
and when I get chubbier I'm just I'm
quite wide straight and when I'm slimmer
narrow straight basically I bought this
jumpsuit in a size 14 because basically
with a jumpsuit is I find it quite
difficult to wear something on top of it
to cover the behind um and some and also
I think it looks a bit silly especially
with this kind of jumpsuit Chris is
quite thick and bulky so it'd be a bit
too much to layer with unless it was
winter ice I bought this in a 14 so that
it's not tight on my butt and I'm not
walking with a waggly but basically and
so here we go it's this is when I think
of jumpsuits like there's so many on the
market but really really I some of them
are beautiful by just like I can't wear
it but when I think of jumpsuits like
the prison style jumpsuit like the
orange jumpsuit that you see in American
prisons that's the jumpsuit that I like
and so the car key color is obviously
better and obviously this is a better
style for me and so I bought this and
it's just long so handy for summer the
only problem is when you want to go
toilet is such a mission and then I
bought basically a bunch of rings like
these I bought like three packets of
these rings
they're just handy because you know just
for a bit of like accessory on mica I
used to be such a massive accessory
person when I was a bit younger and I
had time to think about what all these
areas but now I just keep it to like the
gold bracelet my gold ring this necklace
I don't take off and my watch um and so
I kind of miss accessorizing so I
thought I'd get me some accessories but
what I'm thinking of doing because I'm
getting really annoyed with like buying
paying like four pounds for a packet of
cheap rings like this from H&M that just
get rusty after a while don't last and
so I'm thinking of just going and buying
myself because you basically this is my
wedding band um so I won't buy myself
Lowe's these because this one was a bit
too expensive to milos off but for
example in Argos they have loads of
wedding bands and the cheapest real gold
wedding band is a 9 carat really thin
gold one for 26 pounds I just thought
I'd buy myself a few of those 9 karat
real gold
and then bands and have them for life
love them keep wasting money on like
just make jewelry all the time because I
know that I'm I never get sick of just
wearing playing gold bands on my finger
so they're good anyway next the standard
blue pinstripe sure that everybody needs
during the summer and this was only 13
pounds from H&M and I also bought this
in a size 16 and I bought this and
blazars which is from the HM conscious
range and it's like this it's a little
bit creased right now looks a bit like a
dressing-gown like a short dressing-gown
basically I thought it was quite cool to
be honest with you I really do like it
and it's even got like dressing-gown
pockets and it's got a real like a wrap
around it can't really tell because of
the creasing it doesn't look that nice
on camera but it looks really nice on
next I'm gonna do a sauce because I only
got like literally two things for my
sauce the first thing is this oversized
denim top look how big it is look how
big and stunning it is I can't even in
camera it's got pockets at the front
hello okay it's so oversized and lovely
and it's got like white buttons which I
thought was nice I love the color look
at the color I love it I'm gonna call
out love it like this hello Dara anyway
I love it it's so it's like a nice thick
denim so it's nice and structured and
this actually cost me 60 pounds but I
know it's gonna be my order for a long
time and besides did I get buying I
bought that in a UK 12 so it it's
supposed to be humongous and then from
ASOS I also bought a pair of glasses if
you guys know me if you've known me for
a while you know that I used to be
massive on glasses and then it's kind of
like with my accessory thing when I
couldn't be bothered accessorizing I
couldn't kind of couldn't be bothered
glassing up either so I thought I'd buy
myself a new pair glasses and these are
these from ASOS I'll show you what they
like on there you go it's not to
everybody's taste but whatever
I love glasses I just feel like give you
a whole other look sometimes you know I
really like them didn't really go with
my outfit now but glasses I'm gonna move
on now too
boohoo so the first thing is completely
not the kind of thing that I would
normally buy at all is completely not my
comfort zone what's well but I thought I
would just try something different you
know I want to try a bit of a different
silhouette on me and I'm not a massive
fan of the look of the fabric however it
is incredibly comfortable anyway you
probably have seen these going around
like all over like boohoo and like a
pretty little thing and you know all
shops like that misguided things like
that and they're the jersey coordinated
sets where it's like a crop top and then
trousers it's basically that so here are
the trousers they're like they're like
palazzo pants but not really palazzo
they're kind of more like just big
flares
I'd say plazas a bit wider and it's just
an elastic waistband like that so I
really want to talk about this is going
to be like on and then the crop top for
it is a knotted one same fabric and it's
like this literally right under the
boobs this knot would be and so most
women would wear it with their midriff
on a show obviously I'm not going to do
that I did buy some tops for layering
underneath so I wear shirt underneath or
something whatever and I don't wasn't
too sure how it's going to look but
actually I really love it on and the
trousers especially are super super
slimming because there's no bulk up at
the top it just completely like trims
your hips down and because the length of
the trousers are so long and so flared
it really lengthens your leg especially
with the tight crop top them up here and
so I just need to sort out what's going
to happen in the midriff but like I said
I bought a few vests that are flowy
underneath so it would be tight flowy
and then flares so I bought this in a
coffee green I also bought the set in
after I tried the coffee green I was
like I love the style I also bought it
in grey and then I also went and bought
it in black ok then I bought another
coordinated set and these are palazzo
pants what black and white friends I
love see you can see how much wider
these are and I bought these in a size
12 by the way the coordinated sets I
bought them in size 12 so I bought these
and then I bought it with a matching top
and I love this there man it's super
cool super comfortable for the summer
like just super baggy and lovely and
number with the matching top like that
so proper slouch outfit not for everyone
but you'll see me wear these things
probably from up until from until now
all the way up until September ok next I
bought this crop top from boohoo which I
just thought was so bohemian and so like
you know just so lovely there's not much
to say about it it's a crop top and I'd
probably wear that with again a long
white vest underneath like jeans
slippers and we're done then I bought
something that we all need in our
wardrobes us Muslim gals anyway and it's
a long black shirt literally long
sleeves long to the floor with buttons
all the way down and I bought that in a
size size medium and then I bought these
trousers which were on sale and I was
just like then a why I bought them I
think I just bought them on sale so
let's just try some printed trousers and
they look like this yeah I'm not too
sure about the print all the fabric
they're a bit like their it weird like
it's a bit deceiving online they look
like chinos and like a good luck chino
fabric but they're like a stretchy
Jersey so I hate stretchy jersey
trousers on my legs look gross but these
didn't look that bad so I think they
were like six pounds or something so I
can make them work hopefully and I know
the color scheme isn't like when do you
put together normally like salmon pink
would like party green dark dirty green
but I think I think even you might look
nice it could look nice then I bought
this jumper oversize and I mainly bought
it for the color because I've been
looking for oversize lilac and baby blue
tops and jumpers for ages so I mainly
bought it for the lilac color super
slouch super lovely when it's summertime
but it's like not that warm and it's a
bit windy I bought this in lilac and I
bought it in grey and it's one size and
then finally guys I bought this crop
jumper like this just bright red with
white sleeves like this and just like
this like
like this like this that was literally
five pounds and I bought that because I
thought it would look really nice with
my added ice slides and like some
slouchy trousers or something like that
or maybe white skinny jeans and
obviously a long layering top underneath
to cover all of my areas right so guys
Wow can't believe I got through all that
so I'm going to end it here thanks for
watching guys hope you enjoyed it until
next time bye
