hi guys I'm in Cardiff vinaya vlogging
kurz in a few days we're going to Butte
to visit my nan yay Joe doe I am
vlogging this weekend for you just
because basically you know um you want
to vlog and I'm going to Cornwall to see
my grandmother and you guys love it when
I vlog with Judy so that's gonna happen
and I'm gonna try and get her to do the
whisper challenge and shot a lush agrees
and then that's it I'm just gonna vlog
that weekend then that's it that's the
rest of that story okay see you in the
blog
I wish I got down block hi guys so we
finally on the way to viewed will road
trip yeah aha I know it's got fika
beside me next to my squares crisps
she's just in there she's really really
really sad I'll think oh don't be sad
fickle doing so don't blog gonna get to
dude
why did you say hello to gob let's just
send me up a tree cookie like these
trousers funky trousers funky jumper
funky scarf funky glasses guys you just
ask what skills on we just obviously let
her know that their chocolate chewing
gum is she can't swallow it it's
chocolate it's new flavor chocolate and
you can't swallow it because it's
chewing up make sure you don't swallow
it our duty there's skittles just
disappearing they're gone it's gonna
take seven years to come out of you I'm
grab mango what are you having Youssef
no morning guys bad to have some
breakfast I'm gonna have regular toast
with some buy no I mean look at the size
of you cereal bowl that's not normal
hi guys so basically we are just about
to well again we're going to get the
corn then we're going to go to to Judy's
other cottage that she rents out on day
so you guys don't get to decide if you
want to do that and then we're going on
a big walk can see a pony apparently
first of all that way
I'm Wayne jeez coat cuz when I come here
I was doing a closer look at this coat
so real good coat there yeah I'm also a
Judy's lipstick it's a is this lovely
pink color and it's a heart breaker from
Rimmel enjoy it uses the bigger coat
that's what all the colors of the
background picture people your outfit
you what to show it to the magis just um
they impose duties outfit guys lovely
go back in here we are guys arriving a
blue little cottage whose gate Yusuf
stop being rude
chuckles the gate dude yes let's have
the experience of closing the gate blue
close where you got this advertised dude
for people to book it out if they want
to come on later dude
hey Jesus calm website oh honey what's
the website uh Bluebell cottage calm
tweeted a man kill cancer Bluebell
cottage calm hi I'm Alec also if for you
I smell so cottagey with the tourist
board Petersburg visit beaut visit you
toys board we are real canton we had
this didn't we use isn't this what we
bought off the chairs that color isn't
this what we have for the chairs
that's home based on wrong yeah I know
we have that for the chairs what's not
talking about it is exterior paint so
anyway if you come through here and this
is the little sitting area such a
cottage in it oh my god what a
comfortable if you going on a cottage
holiday in Cornwall I'm a gardener
stairs I'll wake it okay and then we got
this kid little stairs really I should
wait for duty to give me a tour but
where's exploration at his finest and to
be your first your room that you'll stay
in which is a double room okay lovely
lovely little holiday here I am
Sam sealed deliver and yours her rotten
anyway okay guys here we go into the
second room with two singles in it
nice big shelving up then another bed
lovely and then lovely winter lovely in
a jute this is lovely and you boy Oh
anyway this is where you'll have a be
having you Putin you ease in the
bathroom lovely what's in that door
unless it's a medal ah ironing board so
we'll go back to us - shall we
go to hell now oh my dear dead my dear
edge of the cottage I feel like I'm on
location Location or a home or away not
homer away what's that prep
what's that program home your that
program when you want to buy house and
they take them and they decided they
want to buy home or away I feel like I'm
on that anyway and this is where you'll
be cooking all your meals while you're
on holiday all right in the kitchen
unless you need two notes of course all
right lovely enjoy that ma'am there's a
queue now Vic this marrows miss and I
smell they gonna paint me hello
I'm over here I'm over here I'm hey I'm
here I'm here here here's the outside of
the quest
use this no you said stop it stop
sending two peas sick sick child
disgusting make me sick
fill out a bit fill out these um fill up
join me to rotate I do it again huh my
god hi guys all three of us because he's
called Alfie hello Alfie oh my god
comment on you know like a little eggs
yeah
guys we just came in from a walk and go
to the cottage that anyway we're past
sweet shop look at the a street level
this is specifically eight pounds worth
of sweets now you can see the heavy the
heaviness dude is so excited about the
sweets in particular dude look at all
these sweets guys look at that all day
look at all like it goes on forever look
goes on and on so exciting I mean you
support pasties wigging out pasties now
for lunch and then gonna probably go ops
with later cuz in Bude you just go for
walks in this vehicle
see ya this is - she's cat everyone pika
Oh scratch my face mean you so firm
silly I have a great big humongous
Cornish pasty nutter
down is look Judy and stuff I mean
really
here we have it done
yeah so basically being a pasty and I
had a bowl of pasta as well as some
stuff I'm just sitting here literally
wasting time on snapchat if you look at
my story it's about 300 seconds long
right now that's some crazy thing anyway
me so just having fun because we're
talking Arabic and my snapshots is
really funny now I thought will do bit
of Arabic for you in our vlog in it you
surf come on y'all know you use a Tyler
here now shut the calamari still vlog
with that local hello every dad yourself
a baby don't be shy Yousef how do you
say sorry in Arabic um um tomorrow
he says Sunday tomorrow Fiat come here
so actually I know Yusef am a marine
where alpha Crale are we behind halo e
sorry Yusef try it then sorry hyung get
the turn guys we're going on a walk as
usual walking the land on her routine
walks every day she has about to add a
little hit keep it nice and warm as well
today mobile apps on and I got another
one of Judy's coats on Nick in it as
well
9 or not but having said that she's
wearing one of us it's a she chooses
cook yeah so yeah I told you you can
have that one back what I made I don't
went back I want one of yours no not on
that I don't like that one I want this
one when I was wearing earlier and the
base French canal I wore mine minute
well because share my mom was wearing
the almond tassels I've probably talked
here love it
Judy loves them as well don't you Judy
yeah gonna walk thought show you guys
that see
amazing morning guys today's mommy's
birthday what are you happy birthday to
you mama
cha-cha-cha half fish gonna have the
best birthday ever we're going on a big
fat walk oh my god
we're gonna see some owls and I've some
ginger scones yeah birthday shenanigans
then we're going to load some bitch
tonight and then we're going to like the
bitch mom's out for guys it's warm but
summery
where'd you do jacket again there you go
huh my steering I'm crying because
Mama's birthday
oh so dolly yes I don't
music yes master why Neely Mama's the
massive fan of my youtube channel guys
love you what YouTube channel oh yeah
she watches the witch got mall on repeat
she watches the one video at least 10
times yeah I'm watching some of the song
actually huh and then we got this one
over here I think she's funny na yeah
well you don't know what I'm saying off
the high guys and it could be very
important message hey there's a lot of
bass against and a lot of love everybody
says hi say hi
guys we just came back from my three
hour walk whoa
I'm just helping you to get ready so
we'll just think of her outfits Luigi
they're the nice earrings yeah those are
nice oh they'll show up a bit more yeah
they under my makeup yeah yes well I'll
film you later with the makeup it's
nothing out there and obviously steam
Tokyo scarf round her neck yeah Jordan
programmer this put some nice big silver
chunky bracelets one big one maybe yeah
yeah in it good enough for mum's
birthday Judy's dress it up nice hi guys
so basically here for Mama's dinner and
I just got my sunglasses on to Monday
the excited mark this damn polish
continue doing what we get in hello guys
we're back from eating and fake is on my
show - okay bye teacher guys I just
wanted to show you these hilarious
pictures of me and TC that judy has
there pretty much about five years ago -
see she's picked up a little in the snow
in me Oh what it looks so pathos my leg
was awful enough me applying lipstick at
Lucy's graduation event the best uses
jeez the toilet art pieces hi guys so
basically we're leaving now Bude and
that side but there's Judy Balaji dude
but we did manage to what bite your my
children we did manage to film the
whisper challenge so tag whatever so
that will be up after this vlog anyway
Yussef we just i'm just hit say goodbye
now so goodbye thanks for having us dude
looks a little bit off of you it has
been a lot lemon Judy's wearing one of
our old shirts by the way yes it looks
nice on you it does just on yes it looks
lovely guys thanks for watching this
vlog I need to pack my toothbrush
