I'm so glad I so I just need to get out
of here yeah it's coming to leave what
did you do wear some clothes pop around
I could do that so - I've been through
so Reutimann through way worse you been
to hell and back I have haven't I
I actually have you're so nude I'm
joking man no you're not joking I
actually I'm actually now gently joking
you did well
joking please I'm joking you're not
joking you actually think actually I'm
joking so rude Oh Shelby you would never
be able to do this Willie just find some
sort of Muslim man things and get him to
do what documentary on it please I think
I have changed I think I have change I
think you you need to I think you know
what this does a lot wait wait you know
where there's a recessive me on the most
on patients and that's a lot with
relationship now you need to be tested
in your patients believe me it's for
your patients up
you
