morning guys today's video I thought
it'd be fun to bring you guys along with
me for the whole day in the day in the
life of kind of thing day in the life of
a mom / bloggers / youtuber just so you
guys can get an idea of the kind of
thing I might get up to today it's
almost 8 a.m.
Hanna's already woken me and Sid up
she's already requested Rice Krispies
for breakfast
so normally while Hannah's chilling eat
her breakfast
I'll also wash dishes are left over in
the sink from the night before but the
stuff that he likes to eat and drink
really late at night and not clean up
after himself so I'll just do that while
he makes us some coffees
necklaces over guys Hanna's only to
remember so the attention span is quite
short so on to the next thing real quick
coloring
hey guys now what we normally do before
we get ready for the day is will have a
dancer just a music tell google play me
a funny song okay you're gonna play me
phone plan needs oh all right here's
funny songs on Spotify
is all time in some kind of pregnancy
workout just 10 20 minutes a couple of
weeks ago Google Stephanie the Google
pixel book and ever since I've got it
I've basically ended up using it pretty
much every day because it's so easy to
just grab and go so sometimes I'll
workout in my bedroom sometimes I'll
take it downstairs and work out while
Hannah's eating breakfast
I'll just literally go on my youtube app
find a prenatal workout and pretty much
just follow it before I actually start
my workout I want to talk to you a
little bit about my pixel book because
it's a new addition to my home office
kind of life so basically guys it comes
in a few different positions currently
I've just got it as a regular laptop
ding-ding-ding-ding-ding get some work
done so you can also just have it in
tablet mode as well guys and again its
touchscreen but there's also a pen that
comes with it that I use a lot
especially when it comes to editing my
pictures as well it has amazing battery
life with the amount of stuff I do on
here it charges really quickly in just
15 minutes giving me 2 hours of battery
life which is amazing for someone like
me who just needs to grab it and go
anytime in the day anywhere in the day
so let's say we just go on YouTube oh
look we're there all my apps here and
there's a few editing apps as well I use
both my pictures I've got my social
media apps I've got my work calendar in
here as well which helps me schedule my
day especially it's gonna be a busy day
I can show you that now if you want
actually and by the way guys this is the
first laptop that has built-in Google
assistant so I can literally just ask
her ok Google what's on today's calendar
the first starts at 1:30 p.m. the title
is take Hannah to nursery second at 2:30
p.m. you have video meeting with flora
so basically guys while I work out she's
gonna drop how much nursery and then
I've got a video meeting with flora our
agent at 2:30 we need to shoot some blog
pictures and
them and tonight I need to film a get
ready with me video as well so anyway
guys I need to hurry up and get started
on this workout because then we need to
get ready and we need to get some work
done okay play a prenatal workout on
YouTube okay guys now we've jump in the
shower and get ready super super quickly
so means you can get some work done as
soon as he gets back from dropping
Hannah so okay guys I'm finally ready
thought I'd wear this top I got from
ASOS quite a while back and then if you
can see jeans and just comfy trainers
and then I've just done my scarf kind of
like flowy to the side and also packed
on my face but like it's okay because
we're taking blog pictures right the
last day of the week basically means
they'd always have loads of work to do
on a Friday before we can really enjoy
the weekend so okay Google what's the
weather like for the rest of the day
today there will be showers with a
forecast high of 8 in a low of 2 it's
currently 7 and mostly cloudy that's
when you know you guys get cold
oh my Jesus so tight cuz I'm pregnant
remember
now I'm transfer the pictures that we
took earlier on to my pixel book and you
know what's so amazing guys is the lead
that I used to charge my pixel book I
can actually connect my camera with it
to my pixel book and download the
pictures that way and at the same time
it will charge my camera's I need the
camera by the way to do
we're done gonna go now
get in the car pick up Hannah and then I
think I might need to film video tonight
as well which is just going to pick up
Hannah can't wait to see her it's so mad
you know she only been in nursery for
half a day today so I'm from like 1:00
till now which is fine some days aren't
as busy as today but when we have a
particularly busy day which is normally
unfortunately Friday I miss her so much
and I just love when she like tells me
about her day and stuff that's if she's
talkative I just remembered that we
actually need to go to supermarket cuz
the weekend show me that biscuit girl
show me your card show me the other way
the other way that is a work of art girl
so because supermarket yeah get some
food for the weekend yeah go a bird cake
is the best cake you don't want to know
no way now no we immediate a goal net
home tell the supermarket this shoot
come on hey guys I just topped off the
brown jacket that I was wearing to my
mum's house because she's going to
London tomorrow
to chill with my sister Tuesday and it's
my sister jacket and she wants it back
basically need it for the trolley
guys we're done shopping outside and
it's dark already have a person finally
gonna get home and get this one to bed
even though she's having chocolate come
on sugar go in come on let's go home so
at this point during the day normally
I'll get pissed off ass it at some point
because of things like that anyway
regardless of that I'm gonna put the
shopping away one hammer has her next
terrine and then we're getting ready for
bed okay and then we'll be ready for bed
and I will see you guys once Sid and I
have put their little lunch Kim just
sleep unless I've knocked out myself
okay so we just put him to sleep
and now I've got SIDS setting up the
lights of stuff in my room so I can film
a get ready with me video obviously I'm
not really getting ready to go anywhere
I'm just filming to get ready with me
tonight and then once I've done that I
can just get into bed watch some
programs do a bit of online shopping and
eventually fall asleep shut up sit
thanks love
it's a very much I'm ready to film now
guys but before I start on that video
I'm just gonna wrap this one up over
here so I really hope you enjoyed
following me around for the day as much
as I enjoyed tagging you along and as
usual thanks for watching I'll see you
on my next video until next time
