hi guys okay so today's video I just
felt like I should do some kind of
makeup video because I haven't done one
of those in ages
not that I should be or anything but I
just felt like I just felt like it
basically I thought I want to talk to
you guys about makeup in general what
makeup I like what makeup I've read
bought and things like just like a power
makeup basically and then I saw the
makeup tag and like half the questions
and they're all kind of like what I want
to talk to you about so I'm just gonna
talk anyway back in September I went to
Egypt to attend my cousin's wedding and
one of the reasons like I really really
had to go was not only the fact that
she's my cousin but also because she
wanted me to do her makeup and I was
like sue me her name is sue me I was
like sue me you know I'm not making part
is this this could go horribly wrong
etc then she was like no DNA just do you
make up how you do you really good blah
blah blah I was like okay fine whatever
and I just taught myself you know I've
just watched like loads of YouTube
videos and figure out how to do it and
and we should be fine and she's like
more or less the same skin color as me
why do my hands look totally different
color to my face so anyway my point is
around that time back in September I
started to get really into makeup like
so I started to watch loads of makeup
tutorials and bear in mind I never watch
makeup tutorials on YouTube because I
don't I just don't I'm not I'm not that
interested in and lsi like really need
to know something whatever anyway so I
started to get really into makeup
tutorials and I was getting really
obsessive about it and I had this phase
where I was like I'm gonna get so into
makeup I'm gonna do loads of makeup
videos on my channel and I'm gonna be a
makeup eyes I'm gonna do all this blah
blah blah love anyway I didn't turn out
like that because I changed my mind in
the end I was looking at like makeup
plot classes to go to so that I could
start doing makeup seriously and that
but then I was just like just
concentrate on one thing you did it's
just some one thing leave it for the
makeup professional makeup is like such
a big part of like a woman's life you
know like and by the way I thought it
would be fit for me to wear a full-face
today seeing as it's a makeup video and
but I just want to say like it can be
really really easy to get sucked into
makeup tutorials and thinking that you
have to buy all this expensive makeup
and all these different tools and you
have to do things a certain way and
stuff and although like I started like
doing my makeup completely different
from watching loads of tutorials and
that I was
came back by really old pictures I like
my face I was just like my makeup looks
so much better back in those days when I
didn't follow rules and I did I didn't
really I wasn't so like nitpicking about
you have to do this and you have to do
that once of course you still do need to
follow some rules otherwise you will
just look like your makeup is applied
awfully I do feel like when things are
getting really really complicated for
example I feel like the makeup world on
YouTube is getting really really complex
right now I feel like sometimes you need
to take it back down to basics that is a
lesson for me as well
which I'm still like going through I'm
still going through like funny phases
with makeup now anyway what else was I
gonna sing I started wearing makeup when
I was about I say like 15 but it wasn't
like makeup like this makeup now when I
say makeup it was basically just
eyeliner and mascara and it was
foundation but it wasn't it wasn't like
so much it wasn't so serious like if I
look back at my really old pictures I
didn't look better in those but my
really old pictures like I had no
eyebrows and I had like big eyeliner
flicks and loads of mascara if those
days looked awful when I was 14 15 but I
find it's so weird now that there are 15
and 16 year old girls who can apply
makeup or know a hell of a lot more
about makeup then me who is a 25 year
old let's say which just shows you like
what social media does or can do because
back in my days when I was 14 15 social
media wasn't as it is now like we had
high five and then Facebook came around
later and even when it was just Facebook
it wasn't it didn't create this like
crazy platform for people to like
flourish really and I'm not putting it
down because I love it and I'm one of
those people who's taken that platform
for example YouTube and like back in my
days YouTube we YouTube was there but it
wasn't so popular and it wasn't
something oh I'll just go on I'll just
YouTube it I'll just go in YouTube and
how to learn this how to learn that
which is just crazy like social media
has just changed everything everything
like about how things typically work you
know anyway if I ever do do a makeup
video
and it seems complicated to you except
we're like don't worry you don't have to
do it the way I'm doing it unless you're
just showing you guys I'm doing it this
way etc etc but I genuinely do believe
that you don't have to go high-end in
order to get like a decent makeup result
and obviously there is a difference
quality wise with the high end and the
low end and there will always be a
quality difference with anything
high-end and low-end I just feel like I
don't know I just feel like the like
makeup is especially on YouTube is
becoming like a master class everybody
is like a professional professional
makeup artist so just don't worry about
like the rules so much and like their
technical technicalities of makeup
because at the end of the day you are
putting on a full face to essentially
it's supposed to just enhance your
features but if you ask me I look like a
completely different person right now to
completely no makeup so it is
essentially changing your face a little
bit and I love makeup I feel like I feel
so confident with it on and I feel like
I feel like I just feel so confident and
I just love how you can completely
change your look I just I just love
makeup but if I was Dina fit when I was
15 and I was watching all these makeup
tutorials I just don't know what kind of
person I would be now or I just don't
know how that would have impacted me now
that goes for most things not just
makeup
I guess just social media in general and
stuff anyway having said all that I
thought I would share with you guys my
most reboard makeup items over like over
like five years and then over like the
last two years let's say I'm just gonna
start off with like my foundation and
this foundation is the Mac Studio Fix in
NW 25 foundation this is something when
I first got into like foundation
properly I'd say I was university
university agent even looking back then
it wasn't yeah I mean it was alright you
just didn't have as good cameras I guess
and so it's the Mac one and I'm just
reborn and reborn and Reebok this every
time I need a really good coverage
foundation I have obviously tried
different foundations and so have other
ones I use now between those years but I
always find myself coming back to this
one when I need like really really good
coverage and I use this one on my
wedding as well and it's 25 pounds they
think this way if I found sure which is
exciting
that is quite expensive 25 27 pounds for
a foundation nowadays that's not at all
but it does last for a very long time
and it is really good like for your
events makeup I've bought this maybe
like six seven times in my life so I'm
gonna go on to bronzer and I do have
this bronzer on right now as well as the
Mac foundation by the way and my nose is
running what the hell is this anyway
this is the hoola benefit I've only
bought this twice so this is like in the
last few years my sister got me into
this um blusher I'm not really into
benefit so much just because I don't
know I just feel like they're concealers
and foundations just don't work for me
so much I haven't tried them in a long
time other than their blushes I love
their blushes anyway and this is perfect
because it's got a little mirror in its
perfect to carry around basically and I
always use this for contour like this
like this and what I love about it is
the little brush I find it so easy to
control the nose just on the sides with
this little brush not that you should
care about contour anyway because if you
are 1560 like I didn't even know what
contour was back in those days you know
who I mean anyway it's perfect for like
easy contour I'd say and it does last
for a long time
and blood you love this what color it is
but it's this packaging right here okay
and then I'm just gonna talk to you
about concealer this is the concealer
that I've been using I'd say for like
the last year and a half and it's the
maybelline instant age rewind one this
one is in fair - ten fair Claire I'm
just going to show you I've got it on
right now I love the consistency of this
concealer and I love how like it's just
so creamy and it just it just melts on
your face I love it look at it it just
blew up
ah it's just lovely I love it and I use
that under my eyes top my eyes to cover
spots etc now on talk to you about my
mascara
this mascara I've definitely been buying
for I'd say the last since I've been
wearing a mascara
seriously so the last let's say like set
six to seven years and it's the
telescopic L'Oreal telescopic one and
it's important that I tell you it's the
gold one with the really thin comb like
this and I think this is usually like
ten pounds but it does last for ages
again for me that was expensive back in
those days you know ten pounds for
makeup but anyway I love it I've got it
on now not that you can tell but not
that you could see my mascara so much
but I do have it on now the best mascara
I've still haven't found one to beat it
really I found good ones and different
ones but I always go back to this in
fact me and my sister and my mum always
go back to this okay and now h one talk
to you about a powder foundation i don't
usually wear powder foundation at all
but there was like a deal going on on
the maxfactor stand in Debenhams and it
was like three for two so I was like
always buy one get one free something it
was a really good deal I was hour I let
me just try Max Factor whatever cuz my
mum was getting some stuff so I just
picked up just this powder foundation
compact foundation and it's the it's in
the golden color for all day colors as
anyway it's like this okay and you open
it this gets dirty so easy but I change
it now and then with a new one I still
have a fresh bit to use so anyway and
there it is and I genuinely love this
for days where I don't have any time to
do my face or I'm not planning on doing
full face makeup because it can't be
bothered anyway most of the time guys I
don't go out like this at all I go out
with literally nothing or I do my
eyebrows I pack this all over my face
concealer and then lips or blush it
genuinely takes like 15 seconds I'm
actually considering doing the 3 minute
makeup challenge because I know I will
finish in less than 3 minutes using this
as my coverage I just know I will and
like I probably will do that in one of
my next videos anyway and I think it's
quite cheap and it does last for ages
it's so handy guys it's so handy
recently I've been going for really
really matte lips and nude colors the
soft brown
you know the stuff that's in right now
basically and you always ask me what I'm
wearing on my lips and it's very very
easy I'm just gonna show you I'm just
gonna show you like four lip liners that
I've been using a lot lately okay I'll
show you these three first to these to
our collection this sort of like orangey
dusted just add like burnt orange I
don't know and let me tell you the color
actually it is it's called it's the
almond color collection mm and then I've
got the chocolate color collection mm
and then I've got one from Rimmel which
is the cappuccino color whenever you see
me with my soft brown from Matt's lips
usually it's one or two of these
combined lip liners and with then a
collection cream puff moisturizing lip
cream usually I'll wear a brown lip
liner all over my lips and put this on
top and it's like perfect I'll just tell
you this I love these so much they only
like three pounds of guys and it's
really nice because this is pinky but
with the brown underneath it gives you
like a lovely Brown with like a really
really soft hint of like dusted pink
coming through and I really love that
for the winter so I've been that's been
like my everyday with the brown lip
liner for the past like two months or
something and right now on my lips I've
literally just got a collection lip
liner the chocolate one all over my lips
and then I've got this collection lip
liner in paprika all over it and that's
literally created this color this lovely
deep color I feel like all this matte
stuff that's coming out it's just like
what hello everybody knows if you just
wear lip liner all over your lips that's
that's what lasts all day even when
you're eating and it's matte like we've
known that for years but now there's
this crazy phase about matte lipsticks
and you have to pay loads and like I've
even fallen for it I've like tried to
find so many matte lipsticks and I found
that hard so I came across a cargo
cosmetics and I bought like a matte
overcoat
I bought that recently and I have tried
it with like I've got shiny brown
lipstick
from years ago I know years ago it was
very bad um and I've tried that over the
top and it does work it's really really
good that was like I think it was fifty
thirteen to fifteen pounds and I just
thought instead of buying all these
matte lipsticks
I'll just buy a matte overcoat and I can
use whatever lipsticks I really have
that are shiny and any ones I can really
get because it's hard to find the
perfect color in matte you might find
the perfect color in other ones so
anyway I just got that to save myself
buying loads of lipsticks and I could
just keep buying lip liners and then use
that but anyway another concealer that
I've bought and bought and bought for
like so many times over the past I say
like four years and it's the Garnier
roll-on and it's the one for dark
circles I have crazy dark circles
without makeup it's always like oh my
god I love this the texture is so thin
and creamy and the coverage is so good
it doesn't cake up on your face at all
and that's why I love it and it's so
cheap I think it's just like five pounds
and it does last ages I recently bought
something for my eyebrows and it is
Anastasia Beverly Hills I've fallen for
the trap - everybody's going on and on
and on about I was teasing Beverly Hills
right now all the beauty bloggers anyway
so I thought I'd buy the dipbrow in ash
brown and I have to say it's a very good
buy it really is I can see why people
already bent over it it's kind of like a
paste for your eyebrows and I just put
my angled brush in it and put it on my
brows and it's a tiny little pot but
it's gonna last me probably the longest
any eyebrow kit will up will last me
because a little goes a long way with
this and it's so easy to style your
eyebrows with it if you ask me how am I
looking
other than the slit but anyway you guys
know I'm not huge on eyeshadows I do
have a few palettes but I'm not like
huge I don't go looking for eyeshadows
and like you know I'm not like a big eye
shadow person basically I do have a
shadow on now there and it's just a
really cheap Sigma palette that I picked
up anyway I bought this Mac soft ochre
Paint Pot after seeing a few beauty
bloggers rave about it I was actually
looking million I watched one of her
tutorials because bloody house
is impeccable she mentioned this soft
ochre Paint Pot as like a primer
feelings I think or something like that
and she said that it doesn't go into the
I don't know I don't know what she said
but I think she said something that it
doesn't go into the creases it doesn't
go it doesn't like set into your crease
your creases your wrinkles of stuff so I
was like wow that's what I bloody need
so I bought it and I was thinking 15
pounds which I would never pay for like
one eye shadow but it's basically like a
paste it's so easy to wear you just put
up show you on my hand just get a little
bit like that a little goes a long way
and just goes on like that and I've
started using it on my lids every day
even know no makeup looks for everything
I've got on my lids now and I've also
started using it as a concealer for
around my eyebrows even funding my eyes
because I just think it's really really
versatile and for 15 pounds I'm sure it
can do other things than just be eye
shadow so that is one of also my best
buys that I will probably rebuy when
it's finished that's my makeup video I
hope you enjoyed it you liked my scarf
it's gonna be really soon for the Dean
tockia collection which is launching
11th of February next week keep an eye
out for that it's gonna be very exciting
inshallah I'm so excited to release the
collection finally it was supposed to
take about four to six months but I
ended up taking a whole year and like
the tears the stress that I've gone
through in the past year and it's just
so difficult launching your own line
guys really is difficult but it shuttle
I hope to continue and I hope you guys
love it keep an eye out for that anyway
I'm gonna go now and I'll see you on my
next video till next time peace
