hi guys so um I'm in London
we're gonna go for two days and I'm just
gonna be staying with my sister
to see who's over and there's use of my
brother as well I'm not staying with him
but I'm in London with him anyway
so I thought I'd bugged these two days
for you guys because why not logs are
the best videos on my channel I think
I'm also going to be going to do a
photoshoot at liberty so I'll try and
block as much as I support that would be
quite alive is quite a nice room isn't
it a good program what's that thing
you've got there what your map you
Indonesia not under the map Paragon
that's really nice way to get up from
you did I really get from some teachers
are gifted Indies your boy alright
thanks guys for the gift my sister's
using it and it's perfect you guys here
you can see why I'm wearing I look like
a big blanket but it's okay see to see
if you had the mirror on the other side
you'd be up Siri properly hey guys a
smile fit I'll see you guys in the next
scene art basically I'm so I didn't have
a chance to film anything today because
basically I had to go to Liberty and
just spend my time picking outfits to do
so where for tomorrow's shoot and it was
a bit crazy and hectic so I mean when
you get my camera out and show you guys
what I pick so hopefully tomorrow I'll
just try and vlog the shoot day if I
have time because I'm just thinking
about I mean with you busy get dressed
and posing so so when you're doing a
turban tutorial hurry
yeah are you working on one guys you
keep awesome to see server tutorial but
I've showed you a billion Chinese but
you just can't connects you can't
connect you do do it a bit differently
unless it's just the face shape or well
I think is the face shape because um I
think I need depends on how high your
volume is and also it depends sometimes
you tie it up at the top
if the scoffs long enough but sometimes
you don't you know so I think I do you
do yeah I know you do do differently to
my everyday but I have shared people but
they just they just don't know so you
need to do it yourself
oh haha
Oh Oh No should I have a few another hi
guys so I mean Jesus just walking to the
train station and my face is like really
ugly at best because basically I'm going
to go get my makeup done
then do the lip to shoot which I'm them
try and block Juicy's on the way to work
aunty to see
and I'm wearing to Cisco I love it up in
the naked
hi guys so I just got my face done you
like it look and I go it burn on the
hourglass counter in Liberty by Jess
obviously and there's her perfect face
because everyone a face like ours shop
hourglass yeah this is Hannah the one
who doesn't Amelia need to get my bag
master Oh guys just check out with the
hourglass things like it's really great
I've got shown the lipstick I've got on
my lips because it's a it's a matte one
my lips on that and like I love maxima
and frozen sour gloss empress and it's
this hi guys I just finished the first
outfit that's just hanage done tagging
things
okay here's the first self it's bloody
beautiful isn't it well I could have
been a little bit slimmer but whatever
and here's the table to my kit tonight
slipper to scoff nice you find this
reading Louise watching this will just
feel myself like a right loser anyway
Jesus helps people naturally see you
guys look like big colorful flower
foundation this this is the second type
of lecture I can I like this one that
this might have to be in every day one I
haven't been tried this one yet what
this so this scoffs oh very nice I
really like it
yeah nice
so I have you know so yeah
good sound
yes
No
enjoy
I locked it out
hi guys last ever lit July kicks the
wild one this is the tree of life the
one I did in my video was the hero one
this is tree of life gorgeous
whoa what I look like am that Jim Carrey
guys we just finished the photo shoot so
wrap and it went really well so I'm back
in two seas place obviously not my place
because I live in Birmingham but anyway
and I've just come back from the Liberty
shoe and it went really well until they
did four looks and you will get to see
them on their website very soon I'll
obviously leave you all the links and
I'll share them on Instagram anyway and
you can just see whatever anyway now
I've got a bit of a dilemma dilemma is
that basically Tootie let me wear her
coat today but deal was if I get to wear
her coat she can take this scarf of mine
for a week but the thing is now I'm
suddenly realizing that I really don't
want to leave the scarf here because I
still want to keep wearing it when I go
back but the problem is the problem is
that I did to deal with her right and
she's gonna be really annoyed if I don't
leave it here but if you think about it
it's not really fair for me to leave her
my scarf when I just wore her jacket for
a day I'm leaving taking it back with me
so how is that fair really so basically
I'm gonna pack it in my suitcase and not
leave it here and hopefully she doesn't
notice but if she does know is that we
have a big argument then well here's the
reasoning behind it to see because I
don't think is fair because I didn't tip
I'm not taking a jacket and I know I'm
the one who came up with the deal but
the thing is I'm just changing my mind
this coffee's just too greedy I'm
gorgeous to live with you girl so anyway
guys do you like mommy makes me a lot to
transition from my most like favourite
or my most like
full-coverage foundation I think this is
in a pretty good job I have a lot of
like acne scarring around my jaw usually
but Jess the makeup artist managed to
really cover it well like really well I
think I'm going to have to go back to
Liberty and actually buy the foundation
that's on my face or maybe maybe they
have it online
I dunno anyway did I care I really like
it
I'm just rambling on now because
basically I'm here all alone and user
doesn't finish uni till four and two tea
doesn't finish work till four as well so
I'm just sort of wasting a bit of time
until I have to go back down again
so that's the end of that story then
okay so basically my sister - she is a
ripe plum cuz she's got her mirror back
there so obviously the light doesn't
work properly basically and I've just
moved the mirror for her right up
against the windows obviously the right
is way better so now it's just I make
when the morning she'll get it right
this time wait to see anyway I'm being
quite rude and really just hate rolling
TC on a I've got her keys go everything
she just stuck and work like look at it
all of death scarring is gone and I also
used to have a huge scar here from when
I was in high school and I used to like
pin my underneath pin my scarf
underneath my chin really tight but the
safety pin used to I'll it's used to
have a cut I must have cut here like
what freak I was anyway guys I really
had good fun with lipstick guys have
scarves are just to die for to be honest
with you like you just look at them and
you just rule but you'll see those
pictures and you can drool by yourselves
anyway I'm really just rambling right
here because like them snow to hear and
I just I bought this what don't get
excited and shop what I bought I'll cost
of the size of my face
literally the length of my face I'm
still drinking it because I'm one of
those people who can't drink hot drinks
hop they have to be like warm so
otherwise I just don't understand that
you can't taste anything and just burn
your tongue
same with spicy food B and I'm just
really ramping on right now so this is
really stupid
oh I wish I got to film more of the
photo shoot for you guys because
seriously I'm God my favorite outfit has
got to be the the Paul Smith jacket with
the Liberty London woolen scarf that's
outfit I mean I was dying over and it
was on me and I was dying over it you
know I mean picking out the office
yesterday I saw that jacket from the
other side of the store and I just
looked at it with that what's that over
there was my jacket
I didn't even E's try on I'm just like
that jacket is happening and I can't
stop looking at myself bloody hell
God dinner check you up girl I like my
little necklace as well it's the kaalia
kaalia ruler I use about one that I
obviously can't pronounce the name of
but you can check them out on my
Instagram page as well am I really
rumbling on that I really am okay guys
I'm really gonna go because this this
scene is literally about 20 minutes and
that's ridiculous oh let me know what
you want my next YouTube is used to be
it's probably gonna be a hall or a might
be a winter lookbook actually but I
think I need another week for the winter
lookbook because I still need to wear my
clothes and then fill them as I'm
wearing them so what happens we'll see
the whole point of moving this mirror
was to show you I'm wearing so this is
my this is the top that I posted
recently is the in a a top and
underneath it I'm wearing another top so
done a bit of layering here guys I met
pack my bags to go back to Birmingham
tonight see sit and TT I'm gonna then on
Thursday or Friday I can't remember I
have to go to Ireland Ireland I'm just
my first time to visit island guys it's
my first time to visit I'm going to do
some voiceover work for the Miss World
documentary I found out Indonesia so you
guys have got you guys have got that
documentary to look forward to as have I
obviously and you wish me luck for that
going to island for the first time let
me know let me know if there are any
either
Irish sisters out there let me know I
don't I don't think I've ever met a
don't think I've ever met an Irish
hijab' I don't think I've ever met one
let me know if you're one okay that's it
I'm gone I'm really go hey guys
she liked my gloves how epic all these
gloves I look like a blue egg World Fair
direct amber lovely Anna I know thank
you
yeah
we're going we're going
we go back to the station
God used Winchester peanuts natural way
to see her
I'm getting boosted KitKat
this is my favorite test cuz I whichever
guys cheese and onion broth that's the
one from music my VM a nice fat
mentioned and those finally gone
and Acosta she's still skinnier here
anyway hitter chicken pit mango online
bit creamy mash and coleslaw let me know
in the comments what you have in your
Nando's because everybody loves Nando's
acerbic burger looks epic
Yussef to the epic actually oh I'm gonna
have some your chips can I realize that
you haven't seen Sid for a while so he
said been working hard that's why his
beers grown to the size of his boobs
anyway I was just thinking right well
I've been thinking of it for a while we
haven't done a video on I was sitting in
a channel for a very long time so today
Sharla or Friday we will film the
question and we'll film a Q&A video
where you guys have already asked us
loads of questions and then we'll go and
do a challenge maybe like the whisper
challenge or cotton ball challenge and
it's it I refuse to do a video until
I've sold out my beard yeah good I also
refuse that did you saw a yogi it no
guys we've got so many blogs to upload
for you from America from Indonesia
like so many probably like 20 but he
hasn't got down to edges you realize you
only they'll ever come on me because you
have a nice car yeah obviously it
otherwise they saw me on the camera love
anyway guys there you go that's a bit of
though she said for you hi guys okay
don't mind the mess right I'm swaying my
scarf my way around my neck normally if
it's cold on the head just a blogger
Steve basically s day I came home and I
walk out the train I came home the train
was delayed it was a horrible journey
whatever came home late fell asleep
straightaway didn't have time to finish
logging and saying bye to you guys so
here I am the next morning I'm going to
have a coffee I'm going to do a blog
post to check that out and then I'm
gonna get ready to go Thailand tomorrow
I'll see you in the next video God why
my blogging look so much I'll see you on
the next video
