hi guys today's video I'd end up with
City of London scarves and I'm going to
be doing for you guys a tutorial to type
in tutorials in fact this thumb and I
have one right now and this one cuz I'm
gonna be using for this look is the one
that is currently on my head obviously
and it is the hairy design from Liberty
London and it is full of gorgeous
peacock feathers as you can kind of see
but you kind of can't see but you can
see in this clip now I'm gonna give you
a small history lesson on that the print
of the scarf as well the hairy designs
credited to are the silver the founder
of the syllabus studio in 1887 first
printed by Liberty in the mid 1890s Hera
has been in the Liberty range ever since
the peacock feather was a much used
symbol during the aesthetic movement of
the 1880s and it is gorgeous I must say
it's a massive square scarf for those of
you wondering I'm going to show you two
looks
one is using it as a rectangle scarf and
one is using a traditional triangle
turban look not only am I giving a given
you guys to territorial we're also doing
a prize draw where you will get a chance
to win one of your own lived here than
the scarves so you can enter either
YouTube or Instagram you must be sixteen
years or over and you can only enter if
you're from the countries that Liberty
Ship - I will leave a link in
description so you can see the list of
countries that you have to be Romney but
I think we're all fine and while else
okay if you want to enter on YouTube
then all you have to do is comment below
and mentioning dinner Tokyo me and
Liberty London share the video of course
and you have until the 20th of January
midnight if you want to enter on
instagram then head up to my Instagram
page due to Tokyo and you will see a
picture and it's a caption it will read
prize draw details blah blah blah all
you have to do is regram that picture
and comment below
tagging due to Tokyo and Liberty London
using the hashtag Liberty scoffs okay
the winner will be chosen at random you
will win one Liberty London scarf
worth about
good answer
okay and it's the paradise gardens
design and you'll be able to pick
whatever color you like obviously
subject to availability and kerfuffle
okay so let's get started
stick around to the end of the video
where you'll also get to see how I style
my outfit so you're getting the prize
draw you're getting two tabs and
tutorials and the outfit of the day it's
basically like four videos and one so
enjoy so what I wear underneath my
turban guys is just a really small black
scarf tied up around my bun and all I'm
gonna do for this look is fold the scarf
in half so you can get one corner and
fold it over to the opposite corner to
make a triangle and then I just placed
it on my head as you can see then I'm
gonna bring the two edges and tie them
across my head to create a knot like
this nice and tightly and then flick it
over off I'm gonna grab one side and all
I'm gonna do is bring that around the
back and tuck it nice and tightly
underneath and the tie we've already
made and then all I'm gonna do is get
the other side and wrap it around to
create extra volume the base of my scarf
and then I'm gonna tuck it in to the
first part and just make sure it's nice
and secure there and the floppy bit at
the front you're gonna sort of do what
you like with there I'm sort of twisting
it around slightly and then tucking it
in at the back also and you can use pins
if you want or if you don't want to make
holes in your scarf then just use like
hair clips and that's the final look
guys it's quite nice and simple actually
I hope you like it
and back again with my volume underneath
this time around I've got the scarf and
I folded it in half to create a sort of
pashmina style because it's doubled over
is gonna be slightly thicker I've got
one short side and then one really long
side placed on my head I'm just gonna
make sure that the frayed edge of the
Liberty scarf is at the back as well and
the folded edge is at the front of my
head and all I'm gonna do is you know
sort it out around my forehead and I'm
gonna grab both ends from behind as you
can see and I'm just gonna swap the
sides over and pull nice and tightly and
then we're gonna get the that short side
and just place it on the side of the
head you can either pin it or just hold
it there until we get the long side and
wrap it over that short side nice and
securely and then you can either make a
knot on the back or you can use hair
pins or safety pins whatever you prefer
guys so I've got the long side there and
I'm just tucking the short side all
inside it so I'm sort of just bringing
it around the head there it is from the
back pulling it tightly as you go along
and the final piece I'm just tucking
into that folder we created by wrapping
around and that is pretty much the look
I'm just messing around with it here
perfecting the folds here and there the
puffiness of it how high you want to the
edge around the face if you want to
bring it to the front or if you want to
pull it back to make your face more even
whatever your fancy guys that's the look
also pretty simple but one of my most
regular Terminix
