guys okay so basically I've got my
camera set up on it on a tripod right
now right on the entrance of my room so
there's literally nothing of this room
behind and what you see right now in
front over here we have a little stool
that I actually got from a charity shop
and it was I think it was like 10 pounds
and I was supposed to do a paint job on
it but where's it it's fine right now I
had loads of plans to make this video
really fancy on that but then I was just
like forget it rough okay so I'm going
to close the door on the back of my door
I have just one bag I keep all of my
bags and big winter coats in the bedroom
in a sort of like fitted wardrobe
because the space to do that in there
and then the first thing you'll see is
me in a big mirror okay I've got my PJs
on so when go all the way down you know
see my prime our PJs anyway this mirror
was 30 pounds from Ikea most of things
in here from Ikea this light up there
was already here where we moved in and
then we'll come to the right and there's
my first rate of clothing I only have
two rails of clothing and on this rail
is everything that I don't wear every
day so there's a few like thick Blazers
jackets some like Asian dresses some
vintage pieces things I don't wear every
day and I might do maybe for like a
funky photo shoot or something I don't
know whatever it's just things I'm not
wearing every day and I do have one bag
there and some necklaces and belts etc
and then underneath we just have a one
of those regular IKEA boxes and inside
this just got dividers and in there I
keep things like my socks and underwear
so basically is not on display for when
anybody walks in around here we have net
curtains which are IKEA I didn't want to
go for heavy curtains because there's no
point there's the other side they were
just five pounds and then we have the
sort of dressing table and please ignore
the messiness of it this table I
actually was going to get it from the
bargain corner in IKEA no I wasn't I was
gonna get a similar one from the bargain
corner but it was way bigger the one I
was going to get rid of filled up this
whole wall so it was a bit too big and
then I wouldn't have space to do the
walls so I did spend on this I think it
was like 180 pounds but that's the most
expensive thing
in here and it is really handy we like
it's got the glass top and then it's got
one big draw and then it's got one big
draw which has like my glasses
accessories random random things
basically on the windowsill I've got
some makeup eyeshadow palettes and brush
brushes and hair chalk some things bits
and pieces nail polish hair stuff my
Polaroid camera which I got as a gift
from Nadia from Sora shawl i freaking
love it this lamp link was like seven
pound also IKEA and in the vars are my
wedding flowers dried so that was my
bouquet but they've been dried up on the
desk itself massive box of makeup and
love this box
it's from TK Maxx but my makeup is
really really not organized at all it's
absolutely merry to do a massive makeup
clear out anyway in here we have things
like face moisturizers some more brushes
and like face sprays and then I have
more brush these are the brushes that
I'm using all the time and the ones and
there are ones I just get out now and
then and in here we have lipstick more
lip stuff then we have eyes mascara and
eyeliner cetera and then what I have my
brushes in is just random mugs
this one's from Morocco and then this
mirror over here is from Ikea again
that's like here that's like here I've
got some sprays I've got makeup wipes
jewelry okay this is how I store most of
my jewelry top shelf is rings second
shelf is earrings bottom shelf is
bracelets and things like that and I use
right God dude nice to know oh and look
at this mini bag I've got which was
given to me by the lovely Tessa Nima who
was Miss Bangladesh and I met her doing
the Miss World much slimmer competition
she's an amazing person and I bloody
love this bag we've gone to the second
rail and this rail basically is what I
have my everyday clothes not every day
but well yeah every day so like white
shirts black tops Gray's blues and then
check it and then patterns this is like
close to summer which I'm not wearing
now and I just have one bag hanging up
which is a bag I use a lot but actually
nowadays I hardly use any bags
whatsoever I just put things in my
pockets then underneath we have some
heeled shoes on this row and back row
and then if we move to the right a bit
we have this first unit over here which
is mainly shoes okay so these are like
summer obviously Oh
look at my lovely Moroccan shoes I got
these when I was on honeymoon and I
didn't get a chance to wear them in the
summer so hopefully I'll wear them next
time or maybe I'll wear them in the
spring I don't know
anyway um and then this shelf over here
is just clutch bags I've made it quite
narrow because I don't have many bags so
clutch bags and the top shelf is a mess
/ it's basically all of my all of my
trousers - jeans black pants and navy
blue pants - your basic so all my other
trousers printed chinos it's all those
trousers basically so the unit itself I
think is from Ikea I bought three of
them as you can see think they're safe I
pound each and then you have to buy the
shelving separately but it's good
because you can either choose to have
like shoe shelves like this or you can
have a regular flat shelf and then you
can have baskets you can have these
rails you can pick what you want and do
it as you please got those two baskets
there and a drawer and then shelves so
it's good because you can personalize it
how you want though it was fairly cheap
I think overall I spent like I don't
know about 400 because the rails were
only 5 pound I think I spent like 450
almost no I spent I spent 400 or less on
doing this room up and I think that's
quite good for a walk-in wardrobe second
unit we put a basket up top and up there
is just and some scarves I wear on my
neck and then I've just got black
trousers and navy blue skinny jeans and
just smart trousers which I don't have
but you know what I mean then there's
one we have denims and then we have this
drawer which is my scarf and down a
drawer so I put you know like my black
bandanas my volume my scrunchies all
that in there because it looks quite
ugly such as hidden away the bottom
basket completely is all of my vintage
square scarves that I wear as turbans
sometimes reminds me I've got to show
you where I store my scarves it's really
matching right now so please forgive me
but it's basically underneath the
dressing table
I've just got to Ikea baskets which I
think they're like 5 pound each or
something and the scarves are literally
folded so this side is supposed to be
all my everyday plain scarves with a few
patterned ones but I actually don't wear
patter scoff so much like now other than
the vintage square ones and then on the
right-hand side is my big sort of winter
next cause that way around my neck that
kind of thing anyway back to here and
the last unit
I've got this rail where I've got some
like lightweight jackets and blazers at
the back it only fits about eight on
there I think and then underneath it
directly I put a shelf with more clutch
bags in there underneath that again it's
messy I left this one quite wide because
I didn't want to hang up my jumpers
because too bulky so I folded up all my
winter jumpers and they're all folded
there I actually do a clear-out for that
because a lot of them I'm not wearing
and then right at the bottom is Ikea
books two pounds and in there is all of
my like underneath tops so like tight
cotton black long-sleeve tops vests tops
things for underneath clothes that are
see-through for example or just for
warmth things like that basically we
have this mirror which is a really nice
mirror and it's a full leg mauler than
this one on the right I wanted to
mirrors it makes the room look bigger
and just because then I can look at
myself in this one but then see another
angle of myself here while I'm getting
ready and sometimes the light in the
room hits better on a different mirror
usually I like to sit on the floor and
get ready and have my makeup on the
floor and stuff like that but anyway
anyway on the back of it is good because
I can hang up all of my necklaces which
are at the back right here cuz obviously
I didn't have any space to put it on
there so the necklace is back here and
then it's nice as well because it means
if you can see I have space behind it to
put a box an ugly box which is again is
Ikea for two pound and that's just
filled with my pajamas and then next to
it is a prettier box which is from the
charity shop anyway that's it guys
that's the room tour I hope you enjoyed
it I hope it helps you in some way
because I think that this whole room
could be incorporated into a bedroom you
just need a bed obviously in a slightly
bigger room to put the bed in and but
it's really really handy it really is
like my little haven so it's really
worth it if you've got a bit of extra
cash to do something in your room or if
you've got an extra room then great but
you really do have to keep on top of it
in order to keep it tidy anyway I hope
you enjoyed it until next time
