hi guys today is the day that being said
are leaving burger and going to London
one day only few hours actually really
it's really really bad because I wanted
to like so pack out I look at Cena
anyway we can strike back because we
must Choji study and that's Justin
smoothie obviously let's go to speed
everyone look at that that's two weeks
worth isn't it it's not two weeks with
three two
imagine another three weeks are we crazy
debt is gone
I'm gonna do the 10 top mustache thing
no boss some of the gold
anyway let's do this time to shop
driving this is the road well hi guys so
basically chapstick basically I have to
keep up with Sid for bit because I went
for a meeting with Liberty London and
there's a exciting news I'm with them
soon where you they'll be a bit of a
giveaway and you guys get to win
something a shuttle oh so keep an eye
out
forgive away I'm gonna do a giveaway
with Liberty yes and pretty soon with
them for you guys
what's he just mean repeat everything
wrong so I keep a lookout for that in
the next few videos which I like anyway
right now we're in like warehouses where
all of my nude in Tokyo scopes are being
sought and we're with our distribute
distributor help add quiz from by kendo
like I told you before you can come back
everyone's gone anyway I'm going to show
you guys exactly let's be insane this is
it are you ready I'm not ready Watchers
this is a great place for veteran oh my
god this is insane
what the hell guys is all of our Deen
Tokyo scarves now I'm joking they're not
all I deem to be scoff but there's a lot
of them in here you know what while I'm
here I'm gonna do my offense day
pictures right here can I look good it
doesn't look good okay so then what's
good - serial killer cafe which is a new
cafe in Brick Lane
nice car
cuz use this now living in London exited
how long
seven months he's been in hibernation
not for exams or anything just just sir
just because of Assassin's Creed really
miss have you come to Canada for
Christmas so fine hey guys we're
Whitechapel wait to get on the tree
don't be annoyed how that missus she's
annoyed because he's missing basketball
tonight because we're coming home Lake
I'm not as impossible I'm going stuff
how you gonna go gonna go so choppy
straight they're going to show you an
economy so I'll drop you straight there
Oman days why did no one tell me oh my
god we just saw a really interesting Lee
dressed person interesting but is his
beard because his hat he's really
getting to spit of Christmas
seit
basically spot yusuf in the mirror what
use have ever been a blur guys mohammed
burger what's this called
I made burger Co and when we walked in I
was like what I was like I've been here
before nos yeah yeah and then I thought
we were in leg while ago when I was
across my world
having done that rating would have had a
burger it was bloody awful
and they wasn't cooked or anything and
anyway then I was cooked too much to me
that I was doing my phone no no went on
Instagram and I realized I've lost
thirty thousand follow my dream it was
like yeah you know every now and then
Instagram clears out of people's
followers from all the spam followers so
apparently have fake nails and spam
followers and Sid lost like how many is
you got to cake Yousef didn't lose any
oxygen going anyway
and then hasn't lost 1.5 - okay so the
people not all these cakes it's just
crazy anyway this way if I use
you said save IT firms guys we're back
home and it's like the longest time
we've left og alone ever individual
before like I know
16 hours maybe look at him he's just
loving all the attention looking in gone
so big change you good yes you guy just
you it's just least felis over itself
toj' man lunatic oh this mean
you know over the christmas house big
bid its pakistani Santa come on
oh he's gonna go out to play it's you're
gonna go out to play yeah okay guys bye
that's the end of the globe okay are you
kidding me you shut up you okay guys I
gotta go now goodbye enjoyed the vlog
okay goodbye oh my god guys you know we
left the show we left Choji look at the
amount of food we left out saying cuz we
said well the 8th or the 6 ei o ei his
streets they had treats in there the
masses reckon food than us of dry food
and then us more treats he ate here his
treats mainly such a fat pig and his
Choji having a poo Jodi I'm gonna poo
poo guys make sure you follow Deutsche
touji on Instagram ok bye I gotta do the
dishes yes alright guys until vigil
myself I just thought I'd mention while
I'm in this vlog ok that basically I if
you hurt oh did you see the back of me
pod is not really what I look like from
behind to discuss it
anyway I just thought I'd mentioned
while I'm in this vlog that my my world
Muslim er recap slash thoughts
discussion video that was 50 minutes
long if you were one of the ones who
watched it well done and well done for
getting through it and I had to actually
take it down because basically I gave
away too much information and a lot of
you guys actually took it the wrong way
and those of you who commented commented
negatively I can only I can only assume
that you didn't go to the whole video
but what I was trying to point out was
not not the flaws of anyone else or
anything like that definitely not what
to say what's Islamically right or wrong
but what I was trying to point out
mainly in that video was the cultural
differences and
the fact that different cultures within
the Muslim communities worldwide
obviously have all different priorities
Islamic Lee and that's a fact whether we
like or not it is a fact and that's what
I've learned so that's mainly what I was
trying to point out and anyway I might
as well just let the documentary do the
talking when it comes out and also I
really don't want to hit anybody's
feelings I either organizers etc because
again we're from different places
different cultures different upbringing
different everything people sometimes
just take things the wrong way however
much you try they're just always going
to take something a certain way and
there's no way you can stop that so I'd
rather just let the documentary do the
talking and then you guys can say
whatever the hell you are because
whatever then you can see exactly what's
out exactly what happened and everything
like that
anyway okay this is supposed to be about
all of that again anyway maybe you let
me just show you something I've got a
look I bought pastel hair color and this
is like lilac haze like lavender line
look I've been dying to do my hair this
color for so long and hopefully it'll
work and then I also bought silver
because I'm obsessed with like going
gray everybody's like whoa don't do that
but I think young people with gray hair
look absolutely amazing so I'm gonna
give that a go so you might see a little
bit of bright orange going on here now
I'm shaking I'm not gonna read bleach or
anything I'm just gonna keep the roots
as they are and then just sort of not go
whatever why am I telling you this
I don't know let me show you some of my
favorite lipstick lip cream puffs
moisturizing lip cream it's copying the
NYX matte lipstick lip matte lip cream
and by cheaper cause collection mm and
its own Mirza and I've got all three
colors but I'm supposed to show you that
in my favorites video but I don't know
if I'm gonna do a favorites video so
I'll show you this vlog anyway I'm
thinking of my next video to be my
eyebrow routine and then after that I'm
thinking of doing a tour of this room
there's not really much to show you so
don't know why I'm saying tour but I'm
saying tour because that's what's called
on YouTube but maybe I can go through
the ideas of what we did to this room
etc and sort of the budget budget-wise
because actually I did it really on the
cheap so and I'm really proud of it so
maybe I can show you that because I know
you guys want to see because y'all are
so nosy right but I like to see people's
rooms as well anyway um like I said
earlier in the video keep an eye out on
this channel for a really exciting
giveaway with Liberty London Liberty
London scarves are very soon actually
you know not that soon probably just
sometime in January so keep an eye out
for that if you want to win a really
really nice gone then stuff like that
all right guys
oh I also got this let me show you this
dress icon okay can't really see it much
I'm supposed to I'm gonna do an outfit
of the date with it
wait let me just put it up on here a
minute non second okay can't you see
I've just draped it over my rail but
it's like an Asian dress but I got from
this um company who messaged me on
Instagram I can't remember the name I
think it's a man boutique so I'm gonna
do an outfit of the day with it so y'all
can see that soon so I have Memphis
doors too bulky anyway okay that's kind
of the room tour done there you go you
can see it all the way I'll do a
detailed video anyway I'm really gonna
go now because I'm gonna have to get
changed and play with my kit okay
