hi guys how's it going I'm vlogging
woohoo
means it that's my boy Syd right there
back we back to embark on a really
really long journey all the way to
Indonesia and we're gonna be staying
there for a whole month so I thought
what I would do is I would vlog every
single day or nearly or Lily Lily nearly
every single day for you guys because
I'm not gonna have time to do anything
else any other videos I've been vlogging
maybe I'll have time to do like - maybe
like - in the month of like other kind
of videos but the majority will be vlogs
and so Sid will be vlogging as well
because sometimes we'll be split up I'm
going to Indonesia with Sid because we
are working on the new collection and
it's gonna be doing a lot of basketball
stuff over there and I'm also gonna be
doing the Miss World the world muslimah
competition 2014 in November last and
hopefully I win that and I'm doing that
in order to make a documentary for BBC
so you'll be seeing a lot of that
inshallah so that's really exciting and
you'll get to be all the contestants and
it's gonna be wicked anyway means it did
a big job on our table July kit ooh
it's really light so this was like
dockwood addend m then we did the paint
job with taut chalk paint and mostly Sid
did it but I helped did not sit yes I
did
okay bye drive into Birmingham
cool gonna go take in don't easier as
you go to the basis and I can't wait to
get to today and have a Maki DS bro jela
anyway check out the car over there
they're filming us got the GoPro on to
go it's not even ours look at this oh
look at this paparazzi they filming us
with Rosa Roxy is going why are you
filming fight you film fo why are you
filming is open before why you foe hey
why you said that before
hey hey don't be filming work out double
fill them in now
hi guys basically when my little tip in
our bags we were 11 kgs overweight
altogether so my back was say 6 kgs
gives us a fight we have to sit there in
middle of April unpack our bags one of
everyone we can leave your last
appearance a Papa my kids you believe a
secret so there's gonna be a just put
our clothes like they meant nothing in a
plastic bag and just left them
my basketball that's all of our nice
clothes with Vincey in a busted bag
- if I see a zoo being single over there
we go
by the way do not fly Jernigan and in
the worst airport in the world literally
how fussy do you want to be Heathrow
Airport you rock and I used to hate
Heathrow Airport but actually now they
rock me now we've got like them now we
go now we got like 10 minutes per we'll
see it on the play so I'll go boots the
boots animals de ponerse so everywhere
for my sourcing hey hi hi hi guys we
ended ooh the airport and you're very
very tired because we do between the
eyes thank you and we just went past
Gucci and Fendi and I'm gonna get Gucci
hamburger you're one of my outside I'm
gonna get French and math and she's all
my other I think I'm going to go what
else making go okay Louie Louis vitro
Louise bitch War Office where look where
you're gonna get approval god I'm gonna
get booboo God is where I give you so
many brands because I'm going to do the
airport and I'm like I like fashion in
it yeah
that Kadir Z yeah because I'm like
proper fashionista so I got away the
design yeah
no no more primary yeah Gucci go get
coochie and did you what is it
give it a Givenchy the guru she is it
Tom Paul yeah and I get the Ford the
Ford Fiesta
yeah gotta get all the brands because
I'm the expensive fashion girl yeah yeah
doing a jack I again jack
I'm stick to come on she got some food
this looks very gourmet picnic gourmet
market very cool me and the model kids
in the one senses hell they can do this
man nothing's go mayonnaise I'm so tired
man
alright we're here right it always my
phone's oh oh we've been like well-known
still you know this will be new girls
now hey the whole time I was even in
other people say bees
oh let me sound my way where we
Scott oh it's the police club cough Wow
he's a chilean doobie doobie foodie yeah
oh I thought was a real man wallah
brother for that was a real man what
were you doing near Brook you see knee
you can open to me I thought I'd just
show you my outfit which isn't really
too exciting
so I'm Belizean in it and then I got my
bag which is in there there's on the
ground and it's really nice bag is the
one I got for this is like a hologram G
let's go talk to the hologram play into
it
welcome to the body they're not oh
thanks give me your selection by
touching the screen okay then Ingram
otherwise it could be cool you didn't
even pass it
oh sorry welcome to the toilet let's go
on the toilet this is stunning if me
your saliva please make your selection
by touching the screen please a
okay thanks you look like my dad okay
shut up if we're not shut up were you
know what I don't even go what are you
looking at
No shut up laughs like now the white
side you can defend your welcome you and
they give you these like white beans
today to Jakarta why stalls
neptina put Iran at the point five
minutes let's go everybody did it up
beat the Susana top light or big aware
your whole face basically because you
ain't loads of makeup it's not lows come
on girls you know that's probably
anything you know that that natural go
there no natural look man I can't this
some part of me here and then checkout
kale with police near Sweet Pea Carter
will see on the slide you can see these
guys vapor so far from this time nobody
on explorer about those feeds from is it
we were able to
so titled wait the longest
look to our
natural matter about two hours I'd say
for the
Oh
sleepy
hey guys hope you did this alone
probably gonna be the ending there might
be another scene which of the
tight
going on let me just check it in now we
be in the lift we gotta go up 43 flows
we be in epics have more to do and we're
being a Saudi man know if you can see
the back of mix its atomy you see my
full outfit guys okay there's the full
outfit okay this car 19,000 this $15,000
room no you need to go with exude like
my outfit day so that's the back of my
outfit right there and there it is Ian
oh my god way so cool hey guys I'm going
up the list and I feel sick listen
anyway what we're gonna do is I'm gonna
get into some copter clothes how a
shower then one gonna do is I am gonna
meeting go have a meeting with the booty
and we're gonna have it open a Wendy's
all right I swear
see you later peace and okay so jumper
whoever loves my plugin I was wrong
yeah look at the view we have dance
their view count again reflection this
is Jakarta this is the life you're gonna
tell it yeah yeah because I'll end this
vlog man I'm tired look at the view this
is Jakarta Jakarta City and over there
we have a building many building in fact
and here we have a great big growth on
Sunday see this road right here
you know you see that road that right
there Sunday that's closed on Sunday and
you can ride your bikes on it so we're
gonna go do that to work on where's the
full-length mirror brav there is Oh
see if there's no funny what it is
nothing it smells in your bathroom
mirror no no hello yep hi
wait how do I open the bottom like
there's a lot this is only where I have
thank you very much it's not this is
that only now I have this is not cool
anyway I really am gonna end this vlog
because I'm actually really tired and
I'm gonna see you in tomorrow's vlog
guys
ah hi no goodbyes
