hi guys oh I'm ill I'm an idiot whoa
anyway music arrived in Egypt yesterday
went straight to my cousin's house
didn't get to hotel till like 3:00 a.m.
mustard top top man jeans
Jordan ones here for those of you
wondering where this bag is from it's a
chance for pleasanter anyway whatever is
looking a bit tight today anyway so I'm
having to lozenger because I have a
cough I would to want to check the hotel
room because we're in Cairo the new
settlement which is to get more famous
right for Egyptian Sid where's all the
light in here hon we booked on booking
calm me is it a stick of going to hotels
that are like tiny rims in that
yo man whatever looking ugly you're
walking this is the door back behind me
yeah there's nice little livingroom
space with TV gets it as well new
company and as a nice bathroom
good-sized wardrobes perfect bath and
shower
forget the messy toilet me and shower it
come out here and this is the bedroom
and its massive and it's lovely really
like it they look good well done
landmark Egypt well done any well do
after they anyway it's square straight
blessing since first time in Egypt so
come here we going need the light and so
far his he's doing good
let's tell you about my sneakers of Sun
tattoos which are temporary goal tattoos
and I've got loads and I just tried one
under literally so good look how good it
is like seekers a Sun tattoo way say and
said anyway now we're gonna walk down
down here
with no lights hi guys me sit have just
walked from downtown in terrible
hemisphere oven to Cairo Festival City
well which is still walking together
festival see we start we take the photos
but the big bit of sand river and bull
 oh look at answer your picture
of him oh my god he's humongous he's
like a we got they can't see it you
supermassive on ok gecko
oh here's another one they're everywhere
I know he said and this is the route
we're taking right now Egypt Egypt it
feels so good to be back to Egypt man
Ted's first time in Cairo wait what you
feeling awesome the ants we feel is it
gonna be a build the biggest cush market
to you okay it's just like Pakistan
isn't it yeah I shut up a day full of
walking close to where the hotel is and
obviously it's a bit too much because
the heat has made him fall asleep like
this I hardly sleep dinner what's wrong
with this guy
but he got tan so that's good we only
came back like six o'clock then went to
the shop I got some crisps my usual
favourite for my mix milkshake my chili
and lemon ship see some Schweppes
Schweppes to Eppley and the single like
this and it's really really fantastic
and I love it so we didn't do much today
you know easing Egypt in on Sid just
very slowly and then I thought I'd spend
the time while he's asleep editing my
August favorites video which I actually
filmed ages ago and I'm gonna get in
time to edit it now so that's good I'll
be up look at my tattoo it's amazing and
I put more on tomorrow and now I'm gonna
spend the evening doing my nails and my
toenails and then my cousin's gonna come
over and I'm gonna do some makeup on her
oh she's calling me now hi guys say whoa
Bogg eggs anyway I just wore anything
now to go meet my cousin who's just
coming downstairs to the hotel room so
that I can do a makeup trial on her
because by the way we're here for her
wedding
and she wants me to do her makeup cuz
things on my makeup I what said so a lot
of that makeup trial goes well and there
Sid and he's trying for the first time
in his life move move your hand move
your hand
he's trying mix Jelena milkshake
strawberry flavor one of my favorite
drinks in Egypt do you know what I'm
saying brother together Oh sharp is
amazing just as in mine anyway basically
I've decided what I'm wearing right now
okay disco fly weather but what I'm
wearing right now is gonna be my going
down to breakfast
outfit by the way if you like the star
gonna be a new one coming to laser soon
three-way ombre from silk and big
tassels get excited guys get excited
look scrap in the mirror so it's gonna
go down to the gym do some decon bench
press some pull-ups and then get on the
back and then we might just go in the
pool might in me my tip we said oh my
god that would look like oh really oh my
baby that is disgusting do I need to fix
my beer tonight
oh my god yeah you do come on Mondays
yeah son don't know yeah both more
 there load of guys so basically
this is the mess I realize now why
makeup artists make such a mess anyway
this is the mess we made and more makeup
in there and I've just been doing makeup
trial on sue me my cousin so you've done
her whole face alright
not that we couldn't be asked doing this
either because it was difficult enough
trying to figure out this bloody eye hot
tea you have tea rasa kena fill hold
together yeah that looks gross yeah
forget that I am I being a major voice
go today you go that's a good light
anyway you know did a bit of her face
makeup there you go hopefully on the
wedding day it will be perfect and
Sharla
anyway you don't look that happy sue me
okay anyway tough she hasn't booked
anyone else is someone please explain to
me what this man is doing
I don't wanna be ignore anything but I'm
trying to figure out Oh finished look i
serious this guy's
yeah but look how impress this guy is
somebody please someone please explain
oh yeah we'll take this yeah hi guys so
today is day 2 in Cairo and me and Sid
basically went down for breakfast really
early and then came back in the hotel
and basically just fell asleep because I
don't know I guess we're just so tired
and everything anyway so stay tuned and
I'm gonna take him to koruba I'm gonna
get some fresh baked right well and then
I'm gonna take them to city stars and
then I'm gonna take city stars as well
shitty stars as some people know it and
then probably to my cousin's house and
then tomorrow is gonna be pyramid day
inshallah God were born oh yeah ok
something some random coffee shops that
said us for a strawberry smoothie and
they basically gave them strawberry jam
in this movie got it sniffing up some
story time so I got iced coffee thing
with clotted cream on the top and that's
is just looking through Instagram my
Instagram comments cuz somebody calls
him a fool on there and he thinks it's
inappropriate and so do i what check of
his new t-shirt weird necklace don't
know what happened it's done by
Instagram in it
some of you people are crazy on
Instagram some of you could go crazy you
know I'm gonna do why don't we come back
from ages I'm gonna do the video
commenting on comments replying to all
the hate comments and it's gonna be
funny there's new Drake in shotgun
Thank You children somebody seen
somebody saying our that the thing was
in the video you put up when I said shut
up to the cars to the Carlos even if you
said it to me who cares cuz we do we
joke like that that's how we do and
somebody said oh yeah he must have
forced her to put it online
Deena you have to put that online
because I'm showing I'm sure it shows my
power as a husband get my power I can
make you stop recording and I can make
you porn on Instagram yeah well you say
that yeah so you is on a leash
hi guys so we are in koruba I believe
and there's all the traffic will you
traffic lovely and said just took some
pictures whatever that is and then I
think we're gonna walk back there over
there somewhere and then gets a key to
City stars Alice look like that oh no we
need to cross this wood that's what we
do we were trying to cross this crazy
road behind us but it's bit impossible
innocent
is getting super embarrassed because I
keep taking pictures and everyone's
looking but I keep telling keep
Egyptians are the most people who like
to take photos so does the man if they
look it just means they want to join in
they want to join in the riches yeah hi
guys the winds in to start and I've
taken it to the food court
in England even did you have a taste
across the one in rocker was also the
reason
mrs. Obama rocket food he's enjoying his
reason and you got people at McDaniel
and this is the food court guy and that
is all okay goodbye
