hi guys okay so today's video I'm gonna
do my monthly favorites video finally
just like I promised in my last video
someone commented saying that um you
make lots of promises on your videos
about videos you're gonna do and then
you don't end up doing them so here I am
sticking to my promise this is my August
favorites video I'm gonna jump straight
into it it's not just August favorites
by the way it's basically all my
favorites since my last favorites video
which was in December so I'm gonna jump
straight into it basically and majority
of items are beauty items and then I've
got some like clothing well just shoes
really and then yeah that's it number
one is this lipstick which is MAC
lipstick and it's the freckle tone and I
actually bought when I was out in
America basically if you can see it
there and for some reason Mac in America
is about I think about 70 maybe no it's
about 30% cheaper than Mac in the UK so
I went a little bit crazy out there and
bought loads of Mac products but that's
that's not even color I'm wearing on my
lips now goes on really smoothly and
doesn't do the whole chapped lip thing
as well so I like that so that's that
lipstick and also the color is very
natural so that's good yes oh yes
recently in my videos and pictures
wherever you guys have been commenting
on my eyebrows think oh my god how come
your eyebrows have gone really like oh
my god did you do something to eyebrows
and the answer is yes I did I bleached
my eye her house hmmm and that's because
I was going through a phase I was
bleaching my hair and getting all crazy
um so I bleached my eyebrows and I have
been bleaching them ever since the first
time I tried it which some people think
is crazy but I know let's girls who do
it and I've been using the dole n cream
bleach which is actually only a favorite
because I can't find any other facial
bleach so that's the only reason that's
a favorite I can go very very blonde and
be completely eyebrow less with Joel and
cream place okay and then what I've been
doing after I've been bleaching Huayra
house is coloring them and shaping them
with this angled brush over here
which I can't focus in is also Mac and
it's the best angle brush I've ever used
and it's Mac 208
I think the only one they have so I
bought it last year there so I've been
using that a long wave oh I don't know
what Brandis is maybe if I show you you
guys will recognize it this eyebrow kit
I think it's I think it's over decay yes
it is it's over decay and I think we
only recently got urban decay in the UK
so I thought I'd try it and in the
beginning I bought this a few months ago
in the beginning I couldn't use it
because they only give you a choice of
two colors and that's really dark brown
or fairly light brown and the really
dark one was too dark and then the
fairly light one was just too light so
it didn't do anything so basically now
that makes my eyebrows the fairly light
brown one is the color that I have on
now and that creates these and next make
a product I've been using is actually
something that to see my sister has been
using for ages and because it was a bit
too pricey for me because I didn't like
to spend a lot on makeup and I used to
just steal hairs or just whatever I see
hers I just use it as much as I could
until she finally bought me one for
myself so I could stop using hers and
that's this hoola benefit bronzer this
is perfect because it's matte it's a
matte powder so you don't get any
glitter on your face and look at all so
basically here's the inside and this is
the brush why is the favorite is because
you carry around it's really small easy
when you want to do quick makeup but you
want to do a bit of contouring this is
perfect because of the shape of the
brush so literally long con contour her
her hair under the chin and forehead
everything but um yes it's perfect I
think it's like I think it's about 25
pounds in the UK battery in America is
about 16 pounds hmm should have really
got myself some but I didn't because I
was too engrossed in all the other
brands they had in America
so I'm another thing that I've been
loving recently is something also
recommended by my sister to see white
musk smokey rose fragrance mist room
okay there's no language a body spray
that is from the body shop and first of
all my sister had it in her cough ages
and every time she get in the car she
give herself a little spray and I was
like oh that smells amazing what was
that and then I kept using it like I did
with the bronzer and then in
the end she gave me a voucher for body
shop and said Dina buy your own leave my
stuff alone please
so I hadn't bought my own and it's great
I think was I think we managed to get
two for like ten pounds or something
with like the o2 vouchers so yes really
really nice there it is there and it
smells really fantastic nice and light
and musky so basically since we've been
you know minted have been moving
recently and taking those ages to settle
and move and whatever and in the midst
of all the moving
I finished my facial moisturizer so I
obviously have to get a new one and I
just haven't had time to go and get the
one that I usually get which is the dr.
organics from the docs organics range if
I his name doctor
I think it's dr. organic I don't know
but they sell it in Holland and Barrett
and I haven't just I just haven't had
time to go into a town center and get
that so I've been using oils basically I
think I took spoke to you briefly about
coconut oil but I've switched now to
almond oil and it's just the normal
Katie c1 that you'll find in Tesco which
is the almond cooking oil and it's
amazing on my face and my hands and my
feet but mainly I put on my face around
my eyes because you guys know I have
these eye wrinkles so almond oil and I
put it on at night before I go to sleep
because so that it can absorb my face
can absorb all what I'm asleep
so it's almond oil and that's it for the
beauty products think second to last
thing is Footwear you guys know in all
of my Instagram pictures and my latest
blog post the only thing I've been
wearing on my feet on my caveman sandals
I don't know why but I call them caveman
sandals some people call them Jesus
sandals caveman sandals massively
inspired by the Birkenstock range that's
been around for ages so whatever like my
mom's had them for years and now all of
a sudden 3 years I've been telling her
mama this she's wearing a disgusting and
now all of a sudden I love them so I
didn't actually have the bacon socks I
just actually went and bought I actually
I was just actually not planning on
shopping I was just in Lakeside Shopping
Center just randomly one day I think I
don't know what I was doing there but I
wasn't shopping but anyway I was into
Primark I just saw these they were
sandals I didn't think Birkenstock
originally I did that didn't come to my
mind but I looked at this
dissolve early five panties I'll just
grab them because they look really
comfortable
well I'm traveling uh stuff and I got a
black a black pair and a white pair and
I ended up wearing them every day during
the summer and ongoing basically I
recently I went and updated them
recently from Primark I got these
caveman sandals so they look like this
so you know my other black ones that
have the two straps and a buckle on each
one just thought I'd get a bit of a
different pair because you guys getting
sick of seeing the strappy ones even
though I love them these are comfortable
but unfortunately they're not as
comfortable as the other ones I've been
wearing all the time and because they're
not as wide and I have wide feet so
these are size six and I think these
were only like eight pounds and I also
got them in a silver pair which Sid
laughed his head off at but whatevs
you know so that's it oh I have one more
thing to show you actually guys my
seconds last but not least obviously
guys jenji has been a favorite for this
month I already showed you guys him huh
Marvin says to my last video but who
couldn't get in office oh geez I can't I
can't get another Cheney so I was
accused been a favorite for the last two
weeks of August and he will be a
favorite till he dies really which
inshallah will be ever so there you go
hello GG he may do something find it
funny to camera please anyone else talk
to a cat also guys I promise - I promise
to do a video of Choji dedicated to
himself on YouTube so odd that will be
coming on - its channel very soon
hopefully under the middle of recording
and doing fun stuff basically so there
we go that's it guys that's my favorites
video I hope you enjoyed it I will try
and make these a monthly because I think
it's just a good video to make as well
and I'll make these monthly and also
well so on say thanks for watching until
next time peace
