hi guys okay so today is day three in
Canada I think and if the I am the f so
whoo and I'm in the messiest girls
bedrooms ever
right now we are ll love and Irene and
they're like the Metis girls that can I
just show you this no it's messy as
 sorry okay so this is all Irene's
makeup and then we go over here to
Nora's okay so we're gonna and there she
is obviously the face is done
beautifully so I guess it's all worth it
right yes it is 100% Nora's still
getting ready fourth hour and then the
bathroom what's the actual f is this
mess is hilarious
and I came in and like I know I came in
like two hours of isn't it Oh what do
you think I think I came in like two
hours ago and they're like eh well we're
almost ready we're almost ready and
we're still here so anyway we're going
to the event and hopefully we're gonna
have a blast
inshaallah we're gonna have a blast Oh
Irene blogging me vlogging her oh my god
you all like OMG live tutorial of Nora
so she's gonna kill me cuz like ain't
nobody paying for this right now
beautiful girl
so many Wow
more muscle collection
Oh
hi guys so basically just promisor
crazy hectic backstage eating just
someone oh yeah right here shear up the
runway and talking excuse me logging oh
this is under I'm like what's going on
here yeah I'm filming this is backstage
no sir I'm sorry someone make oh my god
I survived bessemer much in a way and
that's finger I was not eating magic
take selfies on stage with the crowd
line
guys we just we're just standing behind
the hijab styling competition with the
judges
this is IRA hello I'm Neutron you guys
they don't care cuz they Londoners well
when they're Londoners and they're loyal
you get me from come on give me as a bit
ashamed
sharp walkie-talkie Atronach hey you
alright learnin is we like to sell you
something off of Toronto all right
you
