you
flemm alaykoum hi guys my name is DD
Takia also known as Dina Tokyo online
and I'm 25 years old and I am a fashion
designer and blogger from the UK
my dad is Egyptian and my mum is English
and I have one twin sister and two
younger brothers I'm married to a man
and he's called Syd and he is my husband
oh man I also make youtube videos
sharing tips and advice on lifestyle and
fashion by sharing so much of my life
online I've had some amazing
opportunities to work with some amazing
people I've been tinge and easier twice
in my life the first time I went to
attend a fashion show hosted by Diane
palanga a famous indonesian fashion
designer and one of my favorites i also
participated in a fashion show showing
indonesia for the first time one of my
first collections on my second trip to
Indonesia I began working on my clothing
line and this will be available to you
guys very soon I also run my own
business called lazy doll slicing in
handmade dyed scoffs being a young
entrepreneur has allowed me to work with
Sir Richard Branson helping him on the
judging panel of an annual competition
Virgin Media pioneers in the past I was
also a weekly columnist for a kilo Style
magazine which is based in Singapore
where I shared personal and
thought-provoking articles that are
still available online
recently the Guardian voted me is the
third most influential person on social
media under 30 as well as being a
designer I also do a lot of styling for
businesses worldwide I'm also a personal
shopper for Muslim women who find it
difficult to dress modestly whilst also
keeping up to date with the latest
fashion there are many people around the
world especially here in the UK have a
very negative idea of what Muslim women
are like everything that I do in my life
and share online I like to think helps
to change the perspective of what the
mainstream media thinks Muslim women are
like in fact it's pretty simple we're
awesome and that's why I think miss
muslimah world will be a great
competition to finally show the world
that young Muslim women are smart
educated talented with loads of
personality and we come from a range of
different backgrounds and most
importantly telling the world that Islam
does not oppress women in fact it does
nothing but to liberate them traveling
to so many interesting places has
allowed me to meet a lot of my
supporters along the way by arranging
meeting greets and social events which
is a constant reminder that what I am
doing is actually inspiring and helping
so many young girls and women around the
world with not just fashion but also
some personal and difficult issues that
some young women may be going through
I've been wearing the hijab since I was
11 years old and although through some
of the years it's been quite difficult
and I've struggled with wanting to keep
it on I know that without it I would not
be where I am today so I'm thankful that
Allah has provided me with the strength
to continue to wear the hijab
confidently inshallah I will continue to
inspire young girls to do the same
thanks for watching guys I hope you've
enjoyed it and if you want to see more
then make sure you vote for me
