hi guys so this video was obviously
supposed to be a vlog but that didn't
happen because obviously when you move
this too much work to do and I thought I
could film it the whole moving thing and
do a moving vlog but nah too much work
so basically now I'm just sitting down
talking to after what we managed to film
of the moving vlog and so we moved and
that's why I've been like AWOL for ages
and so has CID obviously and now we
finally kind of sort of settled Handler
and so I taught to give you guys a
little bit of an update which is that
basically yeah we moved so I'm going to
be back on track
woohoo also if you guys follow me on
instagram you will know that to handle
em you will know that we got a cat and
his name is Jay G and you can meet him
in this video if you stay tuned but what
I just want to talk to you a little bit
about is the International Muslim
fashion and Design Festival happening in
Canada in about three weeks maybe even
two and a half and it's gonna be in
Toronto and it's done to 23rd and the
24th of August a 2-day women's only
event and it's going to be absolutely
amazing shuttler I will be going there
along with best McCain no relay love
love and that someone from makeup and
her Jeb's and Nora in check and Nora to
Haley no no Nora to Haley and her James
by Hannah so we will be the bloggers
there I think there will be more
bloggers as well who are based in
Toronto Canada I can't wait for that
that's going to be in two weeks so if I
go AWOL again it's because we're going
to Canada but I'm going to try and vlog
everything for you insha'Allah by the
way I still have all the vlogs to upload
from when I was in Indonesia back in
February March which I'm slowly going
through so if you see random videos of
me I said in Indonesia it's from when we
were there which is February March just
say no still got the whole America blog
to upload as well which is a few vlogs
which is going to take a while so anyway
plenty of video footage for you coming
soon but also want to let you guys know
lazy doll calm
is currently offline but it will be up
and running again in shot a lot within
the next two days and we have amazing
brand-new colors ombre combinations for
you and amazing we've improved the
quality by a hundred times I think for
this next collection and the colors are
immense and also what else yes we've
made it a bit
what and we've made it a bit of a
thicker weave ready for the winter so
quality is just ten times there this
time handle air and also um queries any
queries for lazy dog on the list or
email that have not been replied to will
also be replied to by the beginning of
next week so that's like Monday Tuesday
trauma so over the weekend you know it
gives a big tap selim Laura anyway what
else okay you can meet change you now
guys this is Choji he's just sleeping
and he's really annoyed I woke him up
way
say hello Choji is a name Sid picked by
the way which is a cartoon character
from Naruto Choji Ino Choji he's only
like three months old so follow him on
Instagram
we love you I love you I love you so
much
so coitus Wow all I can do is kissing
dad and it's really weird because he's
only 2 months almost 3 and it's
literally like maybe practice for me and
said because like you can't leave him
home alone so long and stuff like that
so obviously with the baby you can't
leave him home alone at all but in our I
mean any age 80 and he's a little
Persian kitten for those of you guys who
are interested in getting your own
little pigeon follow him on Instagram
please because thing is I take photos
after photos after photos of him I am
aware that I can't upload all of those
photos on my personal Instagram account
because you'll just get annoyed so I
made his own Instagram account so that I
can get all of the cuteness out onto
that so well you can't love us SIV come
and say hello cuz you're the dad come on
anyway guys International Muslim fashion
and Design Festival is going to be
absolutely amazing Sharla I'm gonna get
to meet all the Canadians and whoever
else comes out Chawla and it's gonna be
amazing there's going to be fashion show
featuring designers there's going to be
workshops there is going to be
competitions hijabs style off
competitions I'm going to read out the
itinerary for you guys in a minute sorry
like I know don't worry I will make a
full video of just Choji only the reason
he's just half a listing here by the way
is because he was sleeping Oh i junked
it okay you can go you can go QT stay on
my nook inning yay stay on my lap I love
it she'll be loving affection anyway who
loves the cat lover well okay let me
read out what's gonna happen for I am
FDR for you guys okay so I just shared a
fly on Instagram I can't wait I've met
bessemer obviously loads before she is
like chillin I've met someone from
makeup hey Jeb's once and I wish I could
have spent more time with her so I can't
wait to see her again cause she's bloody
hilarious and I haven't met the other
three I call wait so for example let me
give you a little bit of a okay bye
Choji bye bye okay okay are you done
okay okay there you go there you go okay
so guys the Saturday there will be
obviously jam-packed with fashion shows
there will be workshops during the
breaks there will be a blogger segment
where we will do like hair tutorials and
have a laugh basically and what else
we'll begin - there will be a hedge herb
stylist challenge so you guys who will
be coming if any of you guys are
aspiring stylist then you have a
challenge to try and be amazing at and
then they'll be obviously interview bye
miss bars day miss Baldy who we met out
in America amazing girl she will be the
host of the show she's great fun and who
else then there'll be competitions
obviously oh my god there's gonna be a
beatbox performance and there will be
female artists and then on the Saturday
which is 23rd there will be a VIP party
VIP after pie which is the whole event
is women's only but the VIP party is
like Hibbs off our laughs have a bit of
fun but you have to purchase those
tickets separately I believe and then on
Sunday there will be
a meet-and-greet more more competitions
more fashion shows and performers it's
going to be epic two days basically
massive fashion festival I have no idea
what I'm going to wear so I don't have
long to prepare you know we're all gonna
look pimpin anyway
that's really all the update guys I'll
be in kind of twenty seven twenty fourth
of August I'll be going earlier as well
but then after that shuttle army acidic
probably going to be going to Egypt for
my cousin's wedding
soomi anyway what else and then we're
gonna be out in Indonesia for a while so
it's gonna be a lot of traveling going
on but we will try and keep up keep up
to date with all the vlogging and outfit
of the days and YouTube videos and
everything but I am back on track and
let me know in the comments what you
guys want to see from my youtube channel
I want to try and keep it consistent
it's quite difficult but I'm gonna try
and keep it consistent I know I'm gonna
always do a monthly lookbook video I'm
also gonna do a favorites video from now
on so probably favorites video will be
next if not some kind of styling one I
don't know we'll see so that's it from
me obviously I will leave all the links
in the description for the Muslim Design
Festival for the Muslim Design Festival
where you can and follow them on
Instagram where you can buy tickets
where you can see what's actually going
on what they etcetera what you want to
buy tickets for bla bla bla so make sure
you check the description box or what or
check my Instagram amours updating on
Instagram more than Facebook nowadays
really say yeah okay then I will see you
on the next video make sure to leave
comments and I will see you in Canada
and on the next YouTube video
okay so till next time peace
