hi guys I'm back with another video this
video is a bit exciting because it's a
bit of an announcement I'm pregnant
celebration maybe you should explain to
people with that what that is because I
have no idea what that was until I mean
it's a celebratory noise that Arab women
do at weddings and events and parties
anyway I'm pregnant with baby number two
so some of you guys have already kind of
guessed and noticed I've had a few
comments here and there because I've
been really out of breath in some videos
because I've had a bit of weight loss
because I've had decent skin I am one of
those people that when I get pregnant I
get really good skin and as soon as I
give birth not as soon as but a few
months after I give birth all the acne
comes back basically so I'm just
enjoying it while I can
which brings me onto the next question
that you probably have which is how far
along am i I am exactly the same number
of weeks that I was when I announced my
pregnancy with Hannah which is 24 weeks
and I think that is approximately six
months maybe five and a half I'm not
sure but in my head I say it's about six
months and there is a bump and it is
humongous
and I've just hidden it really well in
clothes and pictures but actually when I
actually go out in real life it's quite
hard to hide it it was planned by the
way a few q and A's back I would I was
saying that I really wanted another
child but Syd wasn't ready well he kind
of didn't have a choice in that matter
so we do know the gender but we're not
gonna announce it on the internet
because I don't know people get funny
about gender don't they so we'll just
keep that as a surprise I suppose it has
some questions he must ask me basically
in usual Syd Piers Morgan voice but
before he does I really want to just
touch on the difference between my first
pregnancy and my second pregnancy so far
I think it's something that all mums who
are pregnant with their second child
will have in common the fact that you
can't enjoy this pregnancy as much as
your first for example with my first
pregnancy I downloaded all of those apps
the ones where you know what size your
child is you know one week is the size
of a bloody orange the next week is the
size of a bloody boomerang things like
that you know you know I mean I don't
even have those apps on my phone this
time around because there's no time
because you're too busy chasing after
your toddler or however old your first
child is by now Johanna's two years and
five months so she's basically two and a
half years old and by the time this baby
comes she will be still two and a half
years old but closer to the three
obviously she knows that she has a
sibling on the way she's quite happy
about it it's actually really funny
about it she like pulls up my jumper and
she's like I want to see she says I want
to see it she goes I want to see it and
I'm liking that you can't yet cuz
because it's not ready and I'm like it's
still growing and she's like okay fine
keep it safe mama she looked you
whispers she goes okay a strange child
everything's been like quite healthy and
normal so far hamdulillah exactly how my
first pregnancy when which I'm very
thankful for cuz my first pregnancy was
amazing I don't know what it is about me
cuz I don't really do exercise on a
regular occurrence sometimes I have like
bursts during the year where I'll
exercise but something happens to me
when I get pregnant and I start working
out I don't know why in the first
trimester I get really really really
sick that I lose a lot of weight which
explains my weight loss a lot of people
like oh you know what's the diet how'd
you lose weight I didn't do anything I
just got pregnant okay and I lost I lose
a lot of weight not even that much but I
lose weight that you guys can notice
anyway and I notice and I love and the
thing is I get my morning sickness for
about four months
going on to five months and then it
eases off and then by that time the bump
has started to show and then by that
time my appetite comes back and then all
of a sudden I feel better and I start
thinking oh hold on I don't want to put
on all that weight and start eating like
a pig so I just start introducing
pregnancy workouts that I find on
YouTube they're really laid back easy 10
minute workouts and maybe I do like
three a week and I just do that just to
maintain that weight loss during the
pregnancy because I know that after I
give birth and I start breastfeeding my
appetite just goes whew and if you guys
look at my videos for maybe like a year
ago when I would have just finished
breastfeeding my cheeks well here I was
so much chubbier than I am now I didn't
even realize and that is because of the
pregnancy kind of weight and the
appetite that I had I like to try and
keep it healthy and energetic during the
pregnancy because I know afterwards
just starts going downhill basically
yeah I'm really excited Tom DeLay I'm
also really nervous I'm scared because
also I'm gonna have to juggle two babies
I still consider Hannah as a baby even
though she's a toddler and she speaks
she's not potty trained yet though oh my
god so I've got about I got about three
and a half months to potty train my
toddler because there's no chance I am
cleaning two nappies two arses there's
three things that we want to do with
Hannah actually and it's said we want to
put you trained her we want to get her
to sleep by herself so we can say
goodnight and walk out and we want to
stop giving her the damn bottle at night
three things I need to achieve with my
toddler before I give birth in shot a
lot anyway that's all I want to say I
hope you guys are happy for me obviously
and one thing I really want to say is if
you are a mom or if you're just a woman
and you really really want to get
pregnant and you and you just want kids
then I really hope you you are granted
that soon inshallah and Sears got
questions now what God said so how did
you feel when you found out you were
pregnant when I found out I was pregnant
I think I'd taken about four tests
already remember so basically a month
before I was actually pregnant I took a
pregnancy test which was the clear blue
digital one which is 99.9% accurate yeah
and that one said I was positive I was
pregnant that was back in September 2017
so I was like oh my god pregnant yay I
booked a doctor's appointment bla bla
bla
before the doctor's appointment I
started bleeding and I was like
great but hurry up with the doctor's
appointment went to the doctor I thought
obviously I was having like a really
early miscarriage and doctor just tells
me she period love you wait pregnant I
was like okay well I took a clearblue
bro I even showed her a picture of it
because I was getting the vibe that she
was like you wasted my time honey
I was like literally the clear blue one
says look even gave me one to two weeks
pregnant bro so I don't know if it was
period or really early misko's I don't
know but in the end I wasn't pregnant so
then obviously after that I was really
disappointed
actually so then I'll just lie well
let's just keep trying then I just kept
taking loads of pregnancy tests until I
saw what I wanted basically and it just
took about another month after that and
I found out I was pregnant in
mid-october I think or towards the end
of October third week of October or
something like that and I was really
happy Sid on the other hand I think his
reaction was like oh god no not a happy
face but Dena can tell when my happy
face is notice he put on a happy face
but I know said and he wasn't let's just
say he wasn't exactly ecstatic which
actually made me feel really sad because
I was like I'm really happy here and the
dad is like really not that happy he's
more worried than anything else and I'm
just like Who am I supposed to share
this joy with
well yeah now we bet the thing is when
we found out remember we were still
living in London that was actually one
of the reasons that made us move to
Cardiff as well it kind of pushed the
reason to move to Cardiff up not just
saving money but just like easier
lifestyle cuz you're such a good dad
it'd be a shame if you weren't happy but
can I just say guys you know when I had
Hannah and then after I had Hannah I had
really horrible person a ttle depression
I really hope I don't get that this time
and shot a lot but it also made me think
about when Syd was upset it made me
think about dad's postnatal depression
because it's true though cuz although
they don't give birth and they don't
have the hole all the mad stuff that US
mothers do which is incomparable they
can't get depressed postnatal they can
get it and I think actually they should
be asked sometimes how you feeling after
there's a newborn obviously we should be
asked more because we're the month fine
no but I don't just think in general in
general if you've noticed a change of
behaviour with your husband and stuff
after you've given birth or during
pregnancy I don't know ever maybe it's
that maybe they need red shorts too
because I don't know maybe Syd can talk
about that in another video
all right do you love your baby while
it's independent this time around it's a
really good question because the first
time around when Hannah was in my bed in
my belly you know when you get loads of
pregnant women they're like oh we love
you I didn't feel that I was like I
hadn't created that bond I hadn't had
that maternal feeling yet until after I
gave birth until I saw breastfeeding
actually this time around yeah this time
around I have it because I know what's
to come and this
I'm around you can feel the movement way
earlier then with the first pregnancy
because you know what to look out for
like it was kicking and stuff away
earlier like I noticed it way more than
with Hanna when you feel the baby kick
and stuff the first time around I was
like wow that's interesting but this
time around when I feel the baby kick
herself I'm like a private private
moment we're having there it's really
nice hamdulillah so the first time
around I had a super quick labor like I
mean it wasn't easy for me at the time
but everybody that all the midwives tell
me by the way that's considered it easy
labor and delivery honey so be grateful
okay I think it happened in about three
hours maybe four hours very very quick I
mean I had it episiotomy which is a big
gross getting stitched up was a bit
nasty but I mean if it was to all happen
the exact same way I would mind
I would actually hoped for the exact
same delivery with this one I'd be great
so I gave birth to Hanna in Walsall
Walsall Manor Hospital by the way and
they were lovely there and it was new
and was lovely so last time I gave birth
in hospital this time I'm gonna give
birth in the Midwife LED unit which
means there's no like epidural if I want
one there's no doctors basically it's
just all the midwives but it's the
Midwife LED unit in a hospital so if
anything was to go really horribly wrong
they just have to take me downstairs
which isn't too bad well they take me
across the road or something over there
I really wouldn't mind if it's exactly
the same delivery as what I had with
Hanna because actually like when I think
of it was actually really good I was
just on gas in there I was so scared of
feeling the Ring of Fire burn that
everyone talks about which is when the
head comes through but I never felt that
last time because they gave me an
episiotomy which meant that they numbed
before they cut it so that means when I
pushed her out really I didn't feel that
burn because the area was numb and I was
saying to the Midwife the other day why
can't you guys use that as a painkiller
anyway the bit like why can't you numb
that area so that we don't feel the ring
of fire they were like she literally
lifted me shoes that's a good point you
know but then she said what everyone
else says which is like you would have
done all of the pain and the hard bit
and that is gonna feel like nothing to
you anyway and I was just thinking well
no because the gas and air was really
helping me through those contractions
and I felt like I could do that again
like I could get through it again but I
still
the worry of the unknown but it's fine I
mean they're probably right if I'm high
on gas and air and stuff I'm living in a
nice so are you looking forward to
taking care of two babies I am not
really looking forward to taking care of
two kids well I am looking forward to
though is seeing Hannah with the sibling
and seeing that relationship grow
hopefully because really that's why you
have a second child isn't it to give the
first one a sibling I also have like as
a woman I have that have that instinct
of just like I want a newborn so I'm
looking forward to having my little
munchkin baby with me every day trying
to figure out YouTube routine and work
schedule routine with this newborn I am
actually looking forward to that
I'm really looking forward to buying new
baby clothes and new baby things yes
shopping hauls now when I was pregnant
with Hannah okay
I basically decided I was gonna do lots
of like pregnant women content on my
youtube channel and I don't know if I'm
gonna do that this time around because I
don't know if you want to see that again
do you want pregnancy updates do you
want do you want pregnancy related
videos or not and if you do want them
let me know exactly what you'd like to
see in the comments if there isn't
anything kind of like substantial that I
can put together for my main channel
then you will just naturally see a lot
of pregnancy related stuff over on my
vlog channel which is Dina Tokyo vlogs
am I gonna have any more kids after I
had Hannah I was like well I'm
definitely not having any more then all
of a sudden I just wanted this other one
so now right now I'm like - done
finished but you really never know Syd
you really never know
