all right what we doing Deena we're back
we're back in we're back fabric certian
patina doodles
fabric everyone is it hey wait coming
coming
Dina on camera lovely shop thank you
think that's cool
there's more stuff Dina are you excited
are you excited how excited like crazy
confusing me oh yeah that one Oh then go
oh what about just a line they normal
yeah I'm completely imagine in it yeah
that's that's a lot hello
we should get from this color and we
should get weddings and hi guys so we're
just in my life looking for fabrics and
Nadia obviously a suit obviously and
basically I'm checking myself out of the
mirror case that they see
check out the bicep over there whatever
anyway
Oh seed oh no that's too that's too thin
anyway Paulo Fashion Designers Indonesia
the place to go but don't come in all
mulleted look at the prints oh look the
floral okay it's time for me to put my
camera down and start searching bye guys
hello hey guys I'm bending and oh you
feel me yeah okay guys I have to fit
this all right go check dong we're gonna
tendo kendall Jenner hey not on the
fabric okay guys I'm gonna try tend on
for the first time in my life Sid
reckons I'm gonna gag oh yeah definitely
but although here we like it just just
do it no come on
you're such a wimp no you want the wind
let go all the sugar at the bottom it's
so strong thank you you're like no no if
it is it wrong as know what the sugar
the whole thing I think I'll be able to
drink it without the jelly bits
oh yeah don't go to the bottom because
the sugar is there oh you're gonna have
Chang now just make sure you have mints
in your pocket after 10 days reaction
drinking Chandal what do you think of
the the Chandler's it interesting
Nadia inhale a still scoff by the way
new collection guys nobody you're the
first one to earn this yeah he's never
been released
hey whoever sees them go ahead cuz they
give you drink some when you're done you
just of Sikkim and then and then fabric
shop come on Denise okay anyway yeah me
probably some accessories well there's a
lot accessories
lots and lots loss
about Suzy fair coin
having a heart number two chopsticks
what do you do into it my spectrum
eating was her name Nadia
kaput here people some amazing name's
Ali in Tunisia with the lovely food and
we had sushi again covered that sushi
yeah that was sushi what was that yeah
we haven't heard I'm referring to my old
video for me to losing a little okay and
now we're gonna go hotel get changed and
try and make it very very very quickly
then for at least just 10 minutes to for
the Langston and diem blankety afternoon
tea with
everybody in a movie yeah so I'll film
that if we get a chance to make it all
silver hi guys okay so basically we just
got here late to the John frangie
Langstone after he focused my mani
unfortunately we missed most of it but
everybody stayed behind and it was so
fun I'm the man I must do
I'll put it with all the rest of my
flower
Dino take over so we just and then we
just did this streets I'll shot outside
in Indonesia I'll let my back with my
flowers and there's Langston with his
flowers take a grouper with our flowers
layer so just did the streets our shop
with Langston so make sure you check out
his there you to tell so you can see and
for more photos
and if you try they'll be a typo yeah my
whole is me
this limestone over there hiding this
people it might put him on YouTube Matt
NAT I'm taking her girls again tea you
everybody should always update their
cupcakes
yummy next to Joe station in September
yeah I just met the homie said that was
a pleasure I didn't know that she made
shut up haha thought your husband was
Atum so I was like funny so I'm happy to
see this interracial relationship with
her yes and welcome to end on leisure
what else that's it
what are you doing here I was
photographing for monastry fashion
similar to like when I was in London yes
amazing she's getting a little turned up
Nadia having some secretive chats
no sir video guys between this cards
yeah yeah or you can find like here
yeah even if you brought one foot Nami
you're going on YouTube good
yeah that looks good Dean is freaking
out cuz the highs like our eyes please
oh yeah I love spicy food but I don't
know about you all right there's no way
I will bring my bundle in minor you know
in here because I've ever seen me like
yeah they got these hats you're gonna
look like a polka head and they come
down yeah of course so you can move it
 just got real
right
over there yeah all the food Tina loves
it everybody loves it
we're gonna get stuck in hi
