hi guys today's video I'm gonna talk to
you guys a little bit about what it's
really like to be a fashion blogger or a
fashion youtuber or just somebody who's
fashion II who puts themselves out on
the Internet
I'm constantly getting comments from
girls saying oh I wish I was like you I
wish I had your wardrobe I wish oh your
life seems so perfect what a glamorous
lifestyle you have blah blah blah all
this stuff and for no fault other than
of our own fashion blogging has become
this really sought-after
thing to do which is fine but just going
to talk to you guys about some things
that we do that you probably didn't
think we did and hopefully show you guys
that we're pretty much very normal for
example when I come to film the video
most of the time I'm dressed for my top
half but usually the bottom half is
pretty much still in its pajamas prime
example is now do like them they're from
Desco now if you come across a popular
fashion blogger or one who seems to have
more followers than the majority and you
probably think that your comment if you
decide to leave one will not get read by
them because they simply have too many
comments and too many messages in the
inbox and too many people who want to
get in contact with them but that is a
lie there are many comments and there
are many messages but trust me we read
every single one of your comments that
are left on every single social
networking platform so Instagram
Facebook what else
tumblr Twitter although I'll be honest I
don't really read Twitter that much
because I hardly go on but when I do go
on
I read everybody's tweets not to say
that all fashion bloggers or bloggers
are rude for not replying if you think
about it if we reply to one will have to
apply to all the rest which could
sometimes mean hundreds of comments
which means I would literally be sitting
all day every day reading through
everything replying replying replying
replying replying and I wouldn't have
any time to post anything up for you
guys to call it on love with a blazer
perfect Oh shows are cool where are they
from
I think she means shoes I drew you Deena
please check my page out I've seen it I
love it by the way somebody Comte is
saying fashion blog how do you wear your
head jab watch my tutorials and you will
know
some Thunder like Lady Gaga face thank
you love thy shoe only she can pull this
off no you could too just gotta get the
rap butter please stop okay I have the
same shoes have Ives oh my god loving
the shoes oh my god love your head Jeff
Styles hair looks bun okay then
I love how unique you are but you look
older in this pic I love it when people
give negative compliments
looks like Gaga again try and cover up
your hair little bit more it's not all
about fashion when it comes to the job
trust me I don't do it for fashion
darling we also spend hell of a lot of
our time editing editing pictures or if
you're a youtuber then we spend a lot of
time editing videos when I say a lot of
time I literally mean a lot of time you
guys think it's really really easy just
filming yourself and then uploading on
the internet but trust me even if it's
just sitting down talking 1 like this it
takes a lot of time to edit out some of
the stupid things we do say or some of
the stupid things we do do invidious ok
hmm blood you guys think we have a lot
of clothes however why do you think I
keep telling people to to go vintage
shopping or to go charity shop shopping
it's because being a fashion blogger can
be a very expensive thing to be so I
find out dentists like buying TV things
basically why do you think pry marks my
best friend duh
a lot of the time in our pictures we
look fabulous and skinny and gorgeous
and the outfit looks 10 times more
amazing than it really is in real life
and that's all because we spend about an
hour trying to take one picture trying
to get the perfect angle and that can be
very very very painful and tedious
experience especially for the person
that takes our photos now that is
usually a man whether it be the bloggers
boyfriend fiance husband or brother
which is usually a younger brother that
just gets told what to do for example
before I got married to Sid useffin
hasson my G under brothers were the ones
who are taking photos of me and if any
of you guys would like to find out what
kind of experience that is I'm sure you
can Instagram them or tweet them and
they will let you know exactly how they
feel about taking my furs and it will
not be a good response
going back to the clothing topic yes we
do have a lot of clothes but probably
not as many as you think this is my
wardrobe and these are my clothes on the
other side are all of sids clothes but
this is this is my clothing and up there
are both of my Nancy's bags and then
shoes just cluttered down the bottom
there and you probably see a lot of
closet tools and room tours from big
youtubers out there and you know
mashallah they have massive closets and
loads of clothes and but that's not the
reality with most bloggers especially
the ones in the UK most of the time we
can't find anything to wear and the
pictures that you do see are just once
taken when we are happy with what we're
wearing but most of the time I walk
around looking very average
and most of the time I only go to the
supermarket really nowhere else um if I
happen to look good going to the
supermarket I'll make a blog post out of
it that's about it when we do go to make
a blog post we always tell ourselves
we're going to write something really
really intelligent to go along with this
post or going to write about our really
amazing experience today doing something
really really different but most of the
time is just pictures and telling you
guys where we bought everything which is
most of the time from the same places
that we always buy things hmm Primark
Zara Primark Asda Tesco Primark when you
do see pictures of us wearing a great
big pair of heels when we're just going
maybe into the centre to do some
shopping it's probably realistic to say
that we put on those heels just for the
sake of taking the photo as soon as we
got the right photos we'll take the
heels off and put on some really
comfortable flat shoes or flip-flops
let's be real now who's gonna just walk
around shopping with sky high heels on
nobody it just makes the outfit look ten
times there
okay we also spend a lot of time trying
to think of really cool outfits and then
when you come up with one you get really
excited yeah I'm gonna wear that
tomorrow and I'm gonna film a vlog and
I'm gonna do a purse accept etc and then
when you go to do it you realize your
camera battery is not charged just as
you're about to head out so you scrap
the idea of vlogging so you think okay
I'll just take photos on my iPhone
because the professional camera which is
just the Nikon d50 100 SLR with a really
standard lens is in charge and then you
take the iPhone pictures and you try
really hard and you download all these
amazing app to make them really cool and
Bloggie just like the photos you see on
tumblr and then the response really
isn't all that and then you realise what
a really boring outfit now when it does
come to actually taking a photo of your
outfit and we like to try and choose
different locations it gets really
boring when you take photos in the same
place every day because it's just like
you don't go anywhere
most of the time we don't go anywhere
most of the time we probably just get
dressed and go outside the garden take a
photo for the sake of doing a blog post
because that's what you do right you're
a fashion blogger so you're gonna blog
about the fashion that you have okay but
when you do actually go out with your
fantastic outfit it can actually be a
really daunting experience you try and
find the most secluded area with nobody
there but also a really cool area and it
gets really embarrassing when you're in
the middle of posing yes totally
work it and then somebody walks past and
gives you a look like what are they
doing eating their sandwich because
they're on lunch and I'm there posing
away in my really average outfit
remember
you know in the middle of posing and you
realize your photographer I you said my
husband is taking the photo in the
completely wrong angle you haven't seen
the photo or the result yet but you know
that photo is going to come out really
awful because of the way he's holding
the camera so mid pose you say no no no
portrait no bring it lower
bring it lower yeah and make me look
skinny ah yeah all of this and there's
people can pass and it can get really
super embarrassing and then most of the
time you end up having a public argument
with the photographer cuz they're sick
and tired of you telling them how to
take photos when they're supposedly
supposed to be the photographer right
take it up on there don't like it
laughing any pleased ignorantly what the
hell we've taken like photos mine come
on Oh dinner me personally I always know
what angles are best for me
so it takes some time to get the right
foot so there you have it guys that's
what it's really like to be a fashion
blogger most of the time we're really
really normal people and the only reason
with fashion blogging is because we
really have a passion for fashion as
cliche as that sounds but it's true you
know it's very easy to become a blogger
nowadays so for those of you guys who
follow us bloggers and you comment
saying things like I love your life I
want to be like you I really look up to
you oh your wardrobe this and that just
remember we're really really average
people in some people's eyes we know how
to dress well and so the only thing
we're trying to do is inspire you with
our own ideas because we enjoy doing it
and it's as simple as that the end of
the day just remember we are very very
average people if you are a youtuber I
would love to tag you and so I tie every
youtuber watching this to make their own
version of this video and tell us what
it's really like to be a fashion blogger
because I'm sure there are many things
I've missed out that we go through every
day ok it's and even I in my jump over
this video anyway that's it guys thanks
for watching until next time I'll see
you on the next video please
