hi guys ok so I know my videos have been
completely absent for ages and I've just
been putting up these random vlogs here
and there and that's because I was away
for like over a month and I was vlogging
everyday there but everything we're
doing them and I had no time whatsoever
to edit so that's why they're all good
now because I'm slowly getting back into
the routine of things I'm starting to
edit etc and so today I thought I'd do a
hinge AB tutorial for the look at the
time wearing right no much nah okay the
back of it yeah okay so I thought I'd do
tutorial because obviously you guys
enjoy those on my channel and I've
started to wear a scarf little bit
differently um using actually long
pashmina scars and but I got she showed
you toil for that previously this graph
right here is a square scarf so a lot of
girls who intervention etc ended by this
big square scarf and they want to wear
them on the head it's good for that so
I'm gonna do tutorial of that okay
so enjoy that and I also still have
another tutorial of my ombre scoffs how
to wear one of those in three different
ways
coming soon because I know you guys love
tutorials and it gives my vlogs a bit of
a break in between you know so we'll go
straight into it shall we I'm just going
to unravel it so you can see the unravel
Asian as I'm doing it okay this is the
big square scarf what I've done here is
Phil did it over like this because the
edge of it is frayed which means it's
not going to look very great around the
room of my face so because that I'm not
pinning it to see its Tootsie scarf my
sister's anyway because the edge of it
is frayed obviously it's not gonna look
very good around my face when I go like
that is it so I doubled it over like
that so I can frame it around my face
like that one really ridiculously short
side that you can't really do anything
with and then as long as you can
possibly get booming wrong face like
this normally when you fold a scarf over
and you do the rim it's more difficult
to like effect around the face and
that's because you've obviously made it
thicker so that's that logic and all I
do is I take this here so obviously
because it's not a long scarf it's short
so again
the shorter see how this comes out here
this only comes out here yeah oh so I'm
going to take this short section bring
it round my neck
ring out here and tuck it into my collar
and my top underneath like this are you
just left with big oblong I mean you can
leave it like this if you're wearing a
really tight top I think it looks a bit
like an apron and I don't do that so
don't do a tight top and wear a loose
one and then you can just get this long
bit and simply flick it over the
shoulder like that so then you have this
nice flick edge over here and on the
back and that's it guys you can bring it
out down a little bit like that what you
can do is you can widen it like this you
know to do many things sort out the face
exactly how you want it's a lot neater
and my volume is actually just my hair
tied up in a half ponytail so like up
here poppin tail then what I've done is
just put on a yeah the spaz volumizer
scrunchie straight over the ponytail
like that and I've brought all the
volume to go underneath my ponytail and
nothing on the top so right here it's
literally just ponytail and underneath
it we have the volumizing scrunchie and
the band of it is resting on my ponytail
so that's all I've done guys hope you
enjoyed that really short tutorial
hopefully I'm going to be back on track
with YouTube and doing everything in
Sharla also on Instagram acceptor I'm
sharing a lot of information about
things I'm doing for example the Virgen
startup project I'm going to be a judge
on the panel on the 13th of May so look
forward to that right now is the voting
stage so if you go online I'll leave the
link in description you can have a look
at the people who are competing to win
and vote for them to help them get
through to the next round which is the
round that I will be judging so that's
it guys hope you enjoyed it check out
the selfies of all of this on Instagram
and so next time keep it covered
