we in the Singapore we investing poor
and we just went past the beach the
beach in the thing and the beach look so
I'm making my god you need to get the
bad we have we have to cook our girl
no no messed up on the exit man no good
we need to practice for the accent tag
you guys need to teach us how to talk
like the Singaporean eh we're from
Singapore okay lah we from Singapore
there's the thing what is that what is
that
oh that looks cool it's amazing
better than the knife okay is that the
London Eye
- was it do lien is enough route the
really smelly feet to do hey you like
the rock as a us cuz we it's the through
its fruit it smells that it smells not
like garbage some people some people
think is it's the spiky one right and
it's like kind of soft in the middle
yeah or an alphabet so you just want
your English muffin
male yeah where are we going right now
oh yeah yeah
so are you saying
I'm gonna lean back because I know one
is where I create white outline on my
top I feel like this is traditionally
like that fabric oh I need Nick at this
you know I really love the traditional
Malaysian wedding office they wear I
don't know what they call it but I think
the really nice outfits they call it
Malay often it's like a long thread top
with like a straight okay yeah we are
today are some Vietnamese Oh like TV
which look so tired so I don't know so
much I'm not
I think the eyelashes are just heavy
it's gone all know it's fun all right
because it's rainforest it's like all
botanical and you know I'm saying
I'm pretty psyched out today look at me
I'm looking clean I didn't just throw on
any today boys in Sex Lies when
Botox Gardens ready to do second part of
the video shoot and in the third part
mr. Khan himself will be debuting Walker
won't you darling
you look like you got time already mate
do I look like I have one yesterday sir
Madge sort things out no tell me love
the flowers
peace so that's that gum I click off gum
I was gone my you see pecan blue sea
cucumber they're ever the hell that is
sea cucumber Jenny 1zq today yeah it's
like fish in it yeah say it to see see
1 what are you guys with your love
what's your love oh we gonna look my
camera beat is anything thank you
we didn't even get your name this whole
time mmm what is it mr. Eko Emmett he's
a mystery camera man wha just Dave it's
Dave the camera man it's gone all right
let's go let's go guys the skull with
time to do your thing
