hi guys okay so today's video I'm just
basically gonna film in a really quick
update video and it's really weird
filming on this because it's my block
camera and again I can't see myself so
put a mirror over there so I can see
fitment I mean the angles etc so I
really don't know how people use these
anyway so I feel like I haven't just
sort of chatted to you guys for a long
time
scoffs the maths so I'm just going to
talk in this video and you're hopefully
going to listen to me so basically if
you wanted me on Instagram on Facebook
you'll see that I posted up a lot of
things to do with Horesh all there is my
scarf pin a new way thanks that's going
in my pocket right so you know I posted
up a lot of things to do with Sahara
shawl the singaporean based company that
make very innovative scarf designs so
I've been working with them over the
past month January and basically as of
next Thursday I will be flying out and
charlotta Singapore to basically host an
event in conjunction with Nadia the
designer from her shawl on Saturday the
15th of February in shall is called a
hijab' affair with Jeana Tokyo and it's
gonna be a retro dress theme so so
excited for that and I will be in
Singapore until or for a couple of days
so the hijab' affair events you have to
buy tickets for I think they're all sold
out however Nadia the designer is gonna
try and host a small just another small
meetup event some way to Singapore so if
you follow her on Instagram Sahara shawl
and Facebook's the harsh or I'll leave
the links in the description and keep an
eye out over the next week for updates
on other meetups because honestly that's
certainly miss just saying I couldn't
get the tickets really angry people and
it is a little bit frustrating because
you know I would like to meet everybody
and I don't want anyone to feel upset
that they aren't able to make a really
cool event because hopefully you know
the event is quite fun and a nice chance
to meet loads of fellow friends so and
then I shall I'll be going to Indonesia
for a few days I might try and do a
meet-up there I'm not sure if I'm gonna
be able to arrange that though
however keep a lookout on my Instagram
for details on a possible meet up
somewhere in Indonesia
I don't know yet I can't promise
anything but hopefully you never know
anyway and then on the way back from
Indonesia back to the UK we're going to
stop off in doe Bay for two nights
because it's on the way back so might as
well might try and do meet up in doe Bay
however I don't know I'm a bit shy
really and I am aware that the Arabs in
the Arab world like Dube Qatar Saudi
Kuwait etc aren't really too fond of
what I do all my style they don't they
don't really like it so comment if you
happen to be in the Bay and you might
you might be interested in a metre maybe
like ten of us could be up have a coffee
or something like that we'll see I don't
know because I'm really shy but seed is
really encouraging me to do one because
he's like you should be everybody that
supports you bla bla and I'm just like
uh I'm really shy I don't like doing
these things but and I'm really shy when
I think of it but when I'm actually
there meeting people I'm really nice and
sociable and I have a good time and I'm
always glad I did it or I was always
glad I took part in something afterwards
but before it I always dread it I don't
know why it's just me and then
insha'Allah I'll have details of a
London meetup so London meetup hopefully
from March the 7th up until March the
17th sometime in that space I'm gonna
arrange a London meetup I hope inshallah
we will see and anyway and then a couple
months back I found the vigil on
International Muslim a fashion week I'll
leave the link below so you can have a
look at the details for that it's gonna
be a huge three-day event fashion show
in Pennsylvania and America USA Hershey
Pennsylvania that place okay so anyway
um delay are finally being confirmed to
attend that event so on Tuesday the 18th
of March I'll be flying out to
Pennsylvania and I'll be there for three
days if you haven't got your tickets and
make sure you do I'll leave all the
details below and you can also get a
discount code by using my discount code
I've forgotten what it is but I will
leave all the links in the description
all the details so please read the
description because it's really
important stuff anyway
the International miss summer fashion
week Sahara Sherwood
also be there so I'll be doing things
with sorrow sure there is well hopefully
blogging with them and what else yes
you can also before they were selling
tickets as a package so for the whole
three days and the three nights but now
you can also buy one-day passes so
because there's three days of fashion
stuff happening so you can buy and maybe
just a ticket for the 20th or the 21st
or the 23rd so now you can just buy
ticket for one day each if you don't
want to go for the full three days or if
you're unable to etc so hopefully I'll
get to meet all the US ladies and
whoever else flies up to us for the
event for that event because it's gonna
be huge and shuttler cannot wait for
that and anyway after being in
Pennsylvania for three days I'm gonna be
in New York for a couple of days maybe
four or five days and Sharla possibly
with my sister so if that happens and if
I have courage to I'll also try and
arrange a meet up in New York
insha'Allah so we'll see about that
hopefully that will be fun I don't know
anything in New York or anywhere so I
wouldn't know where to me or what to do
so maybe all the US ladies can help you
with that as well what else and then we
can film like a big super YouTube video
together or something I don't know
Natalie ku while I'm out in Singapore I
will try and vlog everything for you
guys including the event and try and
vlog a lot of Sahara shawl things I'm
going to visit their boutique which is
gonna be epic because I just know them
from online so I'll try and vlog every
day for you try and vlog every day in
Jakarta as well not sure if they will go
on my personal channel or the Sid and
Dena channel probably the fashion
related vlogs will go on my channel and
then the vlogs where we're just out and
about abroad will be honest Indian
Channel so yes very good so that's
pretty much all the updates I wanted to
talk about I look terrible what is this
what's going on anyway as you can see
I'm in Cardiff this is tingloff family
before
visiting the family before I go next
week each other so yes I'm just wearing
an old coat from Zara about four years
ago my sister scarf my sisters trousers
my old really sketchy shoes that I found
up in the Attic that actually need a
good wipe down because they've got marks
all over them anyway whatever Dena those
are the updates I want to share with you
also keep a look out on our new channel
- saves Sid and Dena I'll leave the link
also for our first new video which
should be up by the time this is up
actually so have a look at that we do it
we've done the accent tag and we've also
filmed the ghost chili pepper challenge
so we've got so many other ideas to film
for you guys and some of which will be
question and answers from questions that
you guys have actually emailed in asking
for advice etc on marriage and much
multicultural marriage combinations and
stuff like that so we will be doing
those as well with Sharla just give us a
bit of time cause you know spit are
dealing with Sid working all day and me
yeah so I'm joking I do like but it's
just my own work in it so that's anyway
whatever so those are the updates guys
and basically if this video was all
muddled this because I can't see myself
and I and I'm just saying what's
happening because I'm really rushed and
I got so much to prepare the next four
days I don't believe well I haven't
haven't even got sickness yet
but anyway read the description of this
video because all the information I just
shared will be in it so there'll be a
big paragraph for once in my life
inshallah anyway without further ado I
will leave you to go for a boo
I'm joking thanks for watching guys till
next time you be covered peace
