all the way right
yeah okay pretty sharp
hi guys so today's video is gonna be the
husband what's up guys
I am the husband Oh Sidique Khan there
you go
masha'Allah come to let ya hunk a lot
that's the sneeze one what so deep Tokyo
and today we're gonna be knock on more
like mr. and mrs. God so today we're
gonna do the husband tag and basically
um I asked on instagram for you guys to
leave there's a questions underneath the
picture and I also asked the Facebook
gonna answer some of the questions on
Instagram because there's like 800 and
that's ridiculous
believe it all loaded I'm then gonna ask
them on Facebook so let's get started
shall we
let's not get started shall we how did
you meet is that question for me yes all
of most of the balls of questions feed
people and nosy
well we met in uni da da yeah basically
we met in uni and we shared a few within
they were sharing classes together we
just in the same campus and I was doing
Photoshop and she joined a Photoshop
module and I was no journey I was doing
graphic design in uni it was not like a
giant emotion sadness motion graphic she
needed help with Photoshop I came in
like hey I can do Photoshop
hey are you using Photoshop mad man
I can I can I can do you work baby he
did a lot of my Photoshop way so I did
all her work I'm pretty much almost
failed his third year of university
himself for that I have the leg work
that was missing
how was your honeymoon in Morocco is it
perfect and where are you from you both
alright honeymoon in Morocco it was good
yeah it was pretty good with him it's
good because the first time we went on
holiday together obviously but other
than that we wouldn't go again
the food in Morocco is horrible it's
horrible
yeah and thus thus like the number one
thing I think both of us look out for
when we go abroad oh yeah because we've
been approved yeah because we've been
abroad so many places of Morocco Morocco
Hardison Wales in England Wales in
England it abroad means over the seed of
like across the sea so we are Muslim
dang it the hotels were really nice and
but for me it was just like going to
Egypt but a slightly fees you know what
without any Baroness stars like witch's
College it was pretty funny like when we
have a swimming pool yeah we have to in
Pula CID can't operate on swim
subject-matter swim Oh Oh doggy paddling
why are you telling people you can't
swim
that's really a matter what are they
gonna do I can't swim on my bike I can
ride a bike amazing oh my does your
husband help you in the kitchen all the
time yeah but I think too much but most
the time he's working so when but when
he's off like on the weekends he's
usually one is good to be honest I'm the
one who cooks because well I cook on the
weekdays obviously one he's and work
yeah that cook some pasta box of tofu
you like whatever a Turkish whatever you
like it
chef you like it he cooks cook you just
put steak in the pan and fry it right
there fry sauce good right sauce what
are you talking about I cook all those
pictures on Instagram all those food
pictures that she posts up on Instagram
that's all good night Oh me never never
the chicken owe me a ticket I did ah I
know that's the only way where is your
husband from like obviously originally
not from like Cardiff we both from
Cardiff I wish I was born in Cardiff she
you were born in Egypt so she's the
freshy Yamanashi
but we both met in Cardiff in unison
you both brought up in college at races
yeah so where you are is Millie from
yellow Murray - unlike what my parents
in from Pakistan a Pathan Paki your your
con baton
I'm Pathan carpet on yeah what do you
say what kind of baton is your husband I
can't even speak a bush stuff are you
crazy
speak it very well Alex no you can't
speak it that well I can't you haven't
seen I think it's because when I'd like
to speak Arabic you know that kind of
yes when they go back home they know
they're from a block it was it gives on
your belong behind a wall some push to
no one but here is it Dean it air but
here is Adina in yeah OC and I speak it
tiny little bit no she doesn't
at all I'm a couple words here and
there's you know couple words couple
words how long did you know each other
that before you got married
um four years close to five no it's not
close to five days for you to fall is
4000 years
how old is your husband and you I'm 1900
much facial hair no right did you all
tell that have you seen my brother
excuse me 19th and he's got a beard like
this anyway so I'm 24 uh 24 and a half
well that's nice think oh I 10 24 June
in here and arms 27 27 so he's three
years old yeah why is your favorite show
that you both like watching together
Breaking Bad
mister away Sid what's your favorite
animal you know this place is often a
lot of questions simra Kadam lon you are
asking too many questions cats
obviously a bush baby from which city is
he from Pakistan from worshiping which
city I'm developing a listener I know
this where shut up baba know
that's my tribe that's my dad's tribe my
mom's from Peshawar
OPA what and my dad's from better gate
there we go how many kids do you want
one two three four five six seven okay
and then you have a fast way to go with
it I know you put it anywhere between
there in Charlotte insha'Allah
it sounds like I'm giving it to somebody
said why do you answer your emails
hey she sleeps all day I'll get lost
what have you liked about each other
since getting married okay
what have I learned about CSS like your
father isn't it are you serious do not
forget it only one thing I learned about
it he can't eat his dinner yeah unless
he's watching something yeah he has to
be watching something on the laptop or
TV like I'll give him his dinner and
I'll start eating but then it's like who
won't touch this food because he's
searching for what to put on car TV and
then I'm already finished on like I
don't need to watch my car they just
you're pretty normal that's really
boring yeah
the hell you're perfect
oh shut up yep no not fit our life does
it get overwhelming sometimes the
language barrier uncut and cultural
differences well we don't know and with
very English because English wasn't a
good English English I'm the cultural
differences so cultural differences
don't really get in the way cuz we were
both bored your hardest so like maybe
our families have cultural differences
but me and him ourselves Doakes within
it me to get anyway just just corrected
something we don't live in called it
yeah we live in mother not London on
earth good eleven Kent yeah
crappy Kate did you know that he's the
one yes I did know that he is the one no
she didn't yeah I did that you know she
did
you're not my brain yes I did can you
speak Odin
do you know what this is we're just on
through it yeah no dude can you speak
Odin
yes it's ha ha no I took I can't be yeah
you know what I can understand I do
like completely I can understand it like
if somewhere somebody was talking to me
nor do I know exactly what they're
saying but I can't speak it I can't put
I can't like tie sentences together I
don't know how to do that that's up
Konami hey Dina hey Tina Holly she's
good like that he had something like
that but was wonderful how tall are both
of you I'm whelmed I said I'm like five
six six one hundred sixty-seven
centimeters and say it is 510 meters
it likes to think he's almost six foot
but he's just fucked in five ten eleven
somewhere on me okay I'm 510 and a half
you're fine and what is the most
romantic thing he has done for you no
we're not really a romantic couple
there's nothing like when the hell man
we're not you come on you have nothing
don't tell me what what why tell me what
mmm no we I've done so many romantics oh
my god it's not gonna say he's not
considered like a crazy romantic but
like birthdays in that little shopping
get me presents but nothing like oh my
god that unbelievably romantic like make
a park full of life and things for me
and shit none of that crap
no no what was your parents reaction
when you told them about your purse toon
husband okay I didn't marry SID and then
tell my parents obviously not about him
obviously not but when I told my parents
that I wanted to marry a Pakistani
basically I told my mum first and then
she's like ooh mom I was like oh all
right and it was like let me tell Baba
so she told Bob and he was like oh I'm
gonna to close man and then and then
Baba was like okay
I'll mix it three things you hate about
each other oh it's blue things like hey
busted every little aspect in his life
has to be a bloody competition like for
example flipping betting on what the
memory card said last everything after
competition rigorous how to our locker
over number two and yes have the heater
on 24/7 in the car or in the living room
or in the room anyway he hasn't had the
heat heating on like full blast because
he can't handle any cold weather
whatsoever he has to be boiling hot 24/7
and I can't handle it cuz I'm more cold
person I look like for example and then
like when I will aim at the heat and
he'll put the hairdryer on that's two
things I won't let him have the heater I
can have the here whenever I want
yeah thank you very much ok first thing
I hate sit is really clean and tidy in
that but after he's food Oh get some in
the kitchen whatever he eat it and then
he'll like get up to go to the kitchen
again and get something else when he
won't take his empty plates with him or
his rubbish with him he'll leave them
there one who's going to where their
baby is anyway but he doesn't doesn't
doesn't he doesn't put things away after
him that's nothing a anymore
no baby else the truth oh they only
asked for three but you could keep going
right Allah keep guys flip in a yo 10
Bobby
I've got so many come on you just do
retarded stuff like what like like I
will take the bin up I will take the
black bag out of the bin out of the
trash can or whatever you are in the
world yeah and then I'll go I'm take it
out to the recycling or whatever in that
space of time you go and put rubbish
inside the empty bin without putting a
black bag in it and then next time I
lift it up there's all this mess stuck
at the bottom of the bag and it's gross
and you do that every single time okay
that's one thing that's all most
annoying thing now actually there's
another thing too
insanely annoying Deena takes about
three hours to get a lie swear to God
sure sure this is my three
it's my three it's one I wanna drop my
field I didn't interrupt you
yeah it no I did it it's not an edit nor
do get it back don't call me little
camera bitch don't call me bitch on
camera babe she takes about three hours
to get ready and do you know what it is
that doesn't piss me off how long she
takes to get ready do you know what
annoys me the most
do you know what annoys me the most tell
me Mommy I don't good when she gets
ready right and she can't choose
anything huh that's it forget it okay
I'm not going that's it that's it oh
this kick she's just throwing shit oh
that's it
look Oh SIB can't do it can't do it and
you get posh like oh god or a car
daughter of King party just Sony do hey
number 2
the third thing is we go to Asda right I
have my favorite things she has her
favorite things she eats all my favorite
haha what the hell am I supposed to do
not eat junk you fat pig so what are you
in it for fuckin a um yeah what is your
job did oh your profession I'm a title
designer all the trailers you see in
cinemas I make them that's basically I
say his emotions in that called motion
violence
I'm a title designer yeah what the last
night will be presented face one Sandra
Bullock's Facebook gravity gravity
how did you tell your parents ah si si I
give some advice for brothers out there
who want to get marry well yeah you told
your dad I told my dad I like this girl
I think she's really cool or what am i
oh yeah
the other one my school that he went
yeah my that's how Ivy's how did he
propose he didn't propose I didn't get
proposal I didn't get a go on the knee
will you marry me you think why why
should I go down on my knee
why should I go down on my knee since of
this though I go and ask for her dad's
hand in marriage
her dad no time tomorrow I go and ask
her dad burned for her hand right and
then she knows we've gotten engaged then
I'm supposed to go on down on my knee
after it doesn't make sense we had two
months too many stuff too too much stuff
to do we have to plan the weight in
there p.m. until one day I don't want
hell can I just say I don't recommend
planning your own wedding don't plan
your mind yeah get up don't get wedding
planner do you know what plan your
wedding or plan your way yeah
plan it over I think but just know it's
gonna be hell yeah but stick to your
guns you do what you want to do what
your husband wants to do and and you
will have fun frigging test fun Davi
Davi
you'll feel satisfied because you work
so hard yeah plan your wedding yeah by
the way guys I'm wearing my volumizer
skull from the hollow shown Oh
remember you can get 5% discount ah by
entering do you take it checked out
look calm ruffles I showed you in the
last did you remember it said his real
name obviously no my name is Steve Khan
Sadiq Khan
Oh God
Oh you guys walk no way that's problem
that's from Star Trek they'll know they
won't know how they don't know
look at that look at my name oh wait
what are you doing
focusing you there did it Tokyo sweets
guys they really not now there's a live
Dean sweet sweet treats the hell else
weeks from Salah there gold on there
called sliding sweets on Instagram
they're called Salah Dean's underfoot
underscore sweet Saudis link below for
anyway yummy yummy sweet peas and the
own Hallel so just be much too little
bit stop it with yards with Tyson Tina
it hard to find healthy it is hard to
find her last week as it gets our
section takes a crappie it's not hard to
find her Elle sweet it's hard to find
halal sweet that tastes genuinely epic
bloody gorgeous you will not have a goal
up you look like him he looks like you
meant to be
oh we're related no seriously no not
really not related at all yeah guys I'm
Tom what's tell you I'm a magician
and I forgot to tell you yellowy
impersonate each other
ok ok I'm say ready I swear to God Oh
John a bit no oh well I I swear
do you wanna bet how was your a bit how
much one right all the ways right I
swear to god that's it Oh colorism made
it
what coins hi guys yeah yeah that's you
my sound like you did you don't sound
like me oh so what did she say don't not
like me she said
potatoes on a vegetable it's a
carbohydrate this one this one said that
this one by accident obviously
what is your favorite thing to do
together gay junk
and what do you have that a yeah yeah my
mom started doing santi and she texts me
the day and she was like I hate it just
met she cried I was like did you really
cry and she's like yeah I was like oh
we're gonna make a youtube channel yeah
guys we're thinking of making our own
YouTube channel so that it's just me and
SIDS channel see mom and Deena yeah I
come first but first of all let us know
if you would want to see that because
I'm not making it videos it doesn't
matter if we're making it you come and
see it well if you don't want to see
okay well we're gonna make You Tube
channel schüttler let us know what kind
of things you might want to see on there
obviously there's gonna be blogs
obviously there's gonna be plan Z just
already there's gonna be talking videos
but obviously leave your comments of
what you would like to see as well how
many times did you say obviously none of
that stuff was obvious ja what song what
song do you connect with each other well
I tell you what song Frank Ocean we
don't have a favorite song but if it was
gonna be a song it be that Frank Ocean
song it's the first one and if anybody
knows it we don't need I don't even know
don't even know do you want to know to
be honest I don't even know I'm gonna so
if anybody not gonna search you
afterwards and I'm gonna put we're gonna
put it at the end of this video
yeah we will click right here always I
do do love it yeah right here yeah a
little well the screen I canít leave the
trick lick right here so right here look
like that right here
where did you fall in love where was it
sit
we're on the Titanic I'll never let go
I'll never stop I like well I don't
understand this there was enough room on
that plank of wood thingy at the end
there was enough room there why didn't
he just jump on shit okay okay we're
done it's 12 o'clock oh my god okay we
need to hurry up because the battery's
going okay guys so that was our question
was it as our husband tagged hamda let
us finish because that went on forever
and anyway don't forget to comment below
let us know if you would like what you
would like to see in our joint channel
that we will be making soon and shot a
lot okay I hope you enjoyed that video
guys thanks for watching and till next
time whoa keep it up keep gathered do
not keep it go yeah what we do not keep
a cupboard what kind of a message is
that you know what I mean
