hi guys okay so I know look a little bit
different today rocking a little bit of
a different hijab style or scoffs I'll
everyone call it basically today I'm
going to be showing you guys a few very
innovative products that I think are
going to save a few of you guys lives
from a company called Sahara shawl and
they're based in Singapore keep a
lookout on my videos because you'll be
hearing a lot about Sahara shawl from me
because we'll be doing a few
collaborations insha'Allah a bit of
design work together and I look really
pale God a lot of you guys probably
don't know but what I've come to learn
is that Indonesia and Singaporeans and
Malaysians usually are the first to
invent anything in the hejab world style
wise or they're just on another level
too and sometimes they come out with
ridiculous things sometimes they come up
with amazing things I'm gonna show you
the amazing things when I visited
Jakarta about a year and a half ago for
junkies event I was in awe at the
creations and inventions that they had
for hejab styles and all of your hey JB
needs like literally it's unbelievable
anyway so our shawl is a company that
started out in March 2011 originally
just on Facebook like we all saw off and
then handle air they got quite
successful and managed to open up a
store in Singapore in the golden
landmark I believe that's a shopping
center I'm not sure cuz I've never been
but watch out because I might be coming
soon I don't know maybe inshallah
usually if you know just like sort of
stop doing shout outs and reviews
excetera because everything just started
getting the same and everybody's just
selling the same as everybody else as a
bit pointless but when these guys sent
me a few things I was like oh hey this
is gonna help all of hijabis who are
basically very lazy because Sahara
Shores products all based around the
theme in steps which basically means
instant heads look at this little flower
by the way and it instantly Jets so
quick easy perfect for working adults
and mothers with little kids that annoy
you and if you're in a rush if you need
something practical etc because they
literally take approximately one second
to style I'm just going to show you all
the products today and I'm just going to
demonstrate how I wore this look today
which is the winged hijae look which
obviously became a huge trend and set by
Hannett asthma when she had it as her
signature style and is amazing because
little
took me one second to put this on today
when usually when I tie the Hana Tajima
hey Jeff sallet
it's one of the most complicated looks
in them bloody world so I'm gonna get
straight into it first of all how cute
is their little pouch e packaging very
practical I know there is the whole
website sawhorse allcom ok so obviously
I got what on my head which is called
the tasmat - scoff and then I got a
sturdy they have smoothie scarves which
are who did scarves basically if we have
a look over here
well they herded snoots just heard the
sass note basically so here's the hood
and there's the loop of this nerd I'm
not going to show you too much because
I'll leave that for other videos and
what's great about it is it's reversible
and so it's like you've got two scarves
in one there we go another thing that
they love to wear a lot in Singapore are
ninjas which are basically really
funny-looking bandanas that I'm actually
wearing now by the way underneath this
one basically you put your face in and
it gives you full coverage all around
the back down to your neck polo the
whole thing gives you full coverage and
they most most of the JB's over there
wear them with most of us coughs so that
they can have fancy styles like this
they don't have to worry about anything
on show and this is my first time
wearing one and I can already say it's
incredibly comfortable and when I travel
I'm going to definitely be wearing this
especially on aeroplanes and things like
that so much more comfortable than
having to pin your normal scarves by
here etc but black one of these and the
one I'm wearing now actually is it
called a V um ninja from the hall mmm by
the way guys the amazing thing about our
shawl is that they do free shipping
internationally which what's like can't
be there can you now no you can't is
another one of their inventions and this
is called the buttoned hoodie by the way
they've got labels on each of them
happening it's so cute oh my god this
one's a bit fancy so for an evening out
I think because it's a silky satin and
here we go it's like this
there's the hood and it just goes into
two points like so this to me is wood in
my head how I'm imagining it and is
great if I've got
my normal age Absalon and then this just
as an accessory on the top with a very
plain outfit might I add
so you'd wear the hood like this it
reminds me of some kind of Moroccan
thing anyway and then you would get the
button over here and pop it in over here
and then slide it around etc so you know
it could be quite pretty it doesn't go
with why I'm wearing now but I will show
you in an outfit of the day or something
anyway who else did I get oh yeah this
is another very very oh we're gone Oh
nature's innovative style basically the
designer nad has designed everything
based on her laziness she told me
herself on skype she was like I'm lazy
and I comfortable the styling so I've
just designed these scarves that you
just can just click on and you go
basically this is called the volumizer
shawl yeah I know which basically is a
scarf that is going to save you from
creating your own folds got its own
pleats in it this is where you'd wait
put it on your place on your head nice
and wide so much coverage and then the
two sides of the scarf has all these
pleats so all you need to do is wrap it
around instead if you know how we get
the volume look not too much I hope good
um and you top do some folds and pin you
don't need to because this has got
ruffles in fact you probably don't even
need to wear a volumizer bun because
it's got so many ruffles but I will also
show you that in more detail in another
video because I'm concentrating on
Tajima today because it is in fact my
favourites cute little bows obviously
pink polka dot is my favorite like what
hello I'll probably wear these on my
corner like I normally do with those
whorish or badge token gifts there we go
hurtle I love sorrel
what I'm going to do right now is show
you exactly how to style lots of style
but just how to actually wear this
tangent scarf is called the tasmat tu by
the way if you ever want to know now
before I remove it promise me not to
laugh because I'm wearing one of the
ninjas underneath and I see why they
call the ninjas because I swear down I
look exactly like a ninja makes you look
a bit like alien ish skinny neck just
don't laugh all right don't laugh
promise normal pin on it good okay right
all right please that laugh it's really
funny please oh wait I've pinned it Oh
doll you don't laugh my god I hate it
but it is so handy I have to oh yeah yes
it's best crunchy back there hey AB
spare my girl hi doing yeah anyway so
here's the scarf just the part way put
your head and then over here there's
like three random bits I'll just show
you exactly do it but literally you want
to get the hang of it it is a one second
job don't laugh at my face okay
so you put your head in there we go
and I've got to the side with the little
gorgeous little flower charm on my
left-hand side okay and right over here
we have three openings okay what you
can't do is you get to grab this outer
one and this mid one and you're
literally gonna place on your head like
this pull this out a bit pull this bit
out a bit as well so to out around
jables Amalia I pulled it over to the
front slightly and then what I did
because I really love the crisscross
thing by the way there's a lot of
coverage to discuss so what you can do
is pull over here and create a little
bit of more volume vase like volume for
you if you like anyway what I did was I
did the crisscross so I just put my
finger here let that hang over there and
then I pinned so there we go guys pretty
much a 1 second job if you want the
winged to be you know higher up just
bring the edges and just put a pin right
in the back there like say just around
your face etc and you are pretty much
done with the wings look now if you want
a more volume underneath then just do
your normal underneath volume thing but
I decided not to do my usual volume just
for a bit of a change because I always
do volume and well
just do bit we change so as you can see
perfect style for don't know why but
this comes to my mind a doctor because
doctors need to get up really early or
really late and then do night shifts and
they need something really quick and
easy and comfortable during the day
without loads of pins so if you were a
doctor if you were wear glasses if you
um
wear this the thing with the ears of
that stethoscope one of those swain or
doctor what if your teacher and your
glasses whatever if you're a mum you got
toddlers can't be bothered
etc literally it is what it is and that
is an instant hey job so that's it for
today guys I hope you enjoyed this video
something a little bit different I'm
going to keep I'm having to look at
social products because honestly very
innovative and totally different to my
usual style and I think it's about time
I had a little bit of a change just for
myself and my own sort of so I don't get
bored with my own head jab kind of thing
as well you know in order for me to show
a lot keep it on forever um so it's nice
to spice things up change it up and you
look it's just so easy and I just love
look at the wings anyway my favorite
thing about that asthma hey judge style
the wing to jet style is the side
profile I think it's so elegant and
lovely make sure to follow the Horror
Show on Instagram as well as me on
Instagram their calls the haurache all
I'm called in Tokyo on Instagram keep a
lookout for what I'll get up to with
social in the next few weeks in
Charlotte and hopefully some exciting
news to share with you guys and make
sure you follow on facebook check out
the website obviously sourish all make
the most of the free shipping guys you
know it's free shipping and shipping is
usually really expensive ok so thanks
for watching guys see you in my next
video until next time keep it covered
peace
