Salam o aleikum Salam alikoum ladies so
today's video is going to be a long
awaited tutorial thank God
I lately been getting really bored of my
usual style because you know when you go
out every day and see loads of people
doing it and you just like oh my god
but I really create this okay let's
change it so basically I still wear my
usual style but this is a nice simple
look that I've sort of just played
around with and just for a quick easy
sort of quick so bla bla look so anyway
here's a look very simple there is none
thank you there's that side and all you
need for this is two little safety pins
and then two you know like line pins
which are optional and you will see why
in the tutorial so this is the look I
hope you enjoy it and umm yes enjoy it
so go on go on go ahead and enjoy that
in a daeso is a very simple tutorial
thank God font and all you're going to
need is your base so I've got my base on
and then a score once your side will
know I'd and what I've done with this go
off it's one of the maxi ones is just
folded the inside like to see so it's
this wide and I've just fold it over
because it gives a bit more coverage um
you know especially seafood and I've
just done that so that's it that's all
really you're gonna place on head and
what you're gonna do is you're just
gonna you know do the whole head oh my
god oh do look quite strong
maybe this lipsticks too dark doesn't
matter anyway then you go grab this
short bit and what you can do is you're
gonna bring it underneath here again to
pin it onto your bun lisanna okay we're
gonna get to the pin and we pin on the
bun lisanna okay and that's really all
okay and then what you're gonna do is
you can either leave the front slowly
like so maybe put a pin over here and a
pin over here to secure it or you can um
shape it around your face
god this lipsticks where do dark and
what you can do is you can pin
underneath your lovely prominent tip I'm
shaping no
now I would leave it and open if you
want to wear earrings or if you just if
it's hot or if you know you've got a fat
face and you want to let it loose etc
anyway then the long side all you're
literally going to do is go like this
and bring it around make it nice and
neat
so our on face again remember this style
isn't as poufy as the usual which is why
I like it because I'm yet sick of the
old one and okay that's the end of that
tutorial nice and simple is stop right
up here so Clem remover but oh there we
go that's right okay so there you go
guys that's that tutorial nice and easy
simple everyday look and what you can do
as well is just bring this bit over the
shoulder like so which I think it's
quite nice elegante is quite an elegant
a look elegant and as well if you're
wearing a particularly tight top around
the bosom what you can do is just drape
it a little more and like I said a
killer distr I'll just show you quickly
what it's like without this bit so if
you were to just pin here and pin here
to secure it would be like this which i
think is also quite elegante
okay so nice and simple for you the
lioness always happens to me just
automatically happen so that's the end
of that tutorial guys nice and simple in
my opinion it looks better with a black
golf so have a go with black fancy it
and I I'm doing going to look like video
because everybody else and their mother
is doing one so might as well by the
time I'm done with it though is probably
gonna be spring so in the meantime you
can watch last year's winter left with
video on leave the link in description
and um I will see you on the next video
Sharla so thanks for watching until next
time keep it covered
