hi guys today I'm filming the 50 random
questions video because I haven't sat
down and filmed no that's a lie I did
the Mak makeup haul but I haven't sat
down and done a tag in months and I've
only ever done about three tags in my
whole life
anyway so I'm gonna do fits your annual
questions tag I was gonna do 50 facts
about me tag but crease and score but
that would mean I would have to sit down
and think about 50 facts and I am
incredibly lazy there you go that's one
fact about me incredibly lazy gonna get
into the 50 random questions just a
little bit pointless but it's also quite
fun so I tag everybody who's watching
okay and um yes I will try and watch all
of them because I watched tags all time
okay now if anybody says do you have a
black dot under your eye and don't
bother because you know it's there on
purpose obviously I put it there as a
beauty spot so don't bother with that
okay don't try and be smart with that
comment anyway first question where were
you three hours ago I was here at home
in my house hey unfortunately since I
got married which is about two and a
half months ago I believe I have not
been able to get back into the swing of
things of YouTube because it's hard to
move your whole life to somewhere else
and then share it with somebody and not
take ages to settle doing that I don't
have any nails anymore look at that you
know when you're younger and obviously
you bite your nails because everybody
when they're young
cause of biting their nails have it and
then you get older and you want to start
having nice nails so then you quit the
biting habit but then one day I was on
the way home on the tube and basically I
just really just wanted to bite so I
just bit the one off and ever since then
I haven't been able to grow the Mac
which is slightly sad situation and it
can I just say black and brown scarves
are not good for fair complexion people
who are trying to make themselves up if
they have a thin face it's not good
anyway who are you in love with hmm my
husband al hamdulillah have you ever
eaten a Korean and probably when I was
younger when I was a kid or something
maybe you have to ask my mom for that
one is there anything pink within 10
feet of you yes if it's there is this my
pink fluffy cushion that I stole from my
grandmother Judy's house amongst a few
other things thanks Judy you just keep
this here while we do the tag shall we
when is the last time you went to the
mall well we don't have malls in London
or England or Wales in fact we just have
shopping centres and the last time I
went to one was probably in Cardiff
about 7 days ago are you wearing socks
right now no I'm barefoot does your
family have a car worth over two
thousand is such a stupid question how
shallow can people get I'm not going to
answer that one God when was the last
time you drove out of town a week ago
when I went to drift khalaf have you
been to the movies in the last five days
no unfortunately not I don't really go
to the movies a lot because I don't know
me I used to love going to the cinema
but then recently I don't know if it's
just the getting older thing but it
gives me a headache
sitting amongst loads of people eating
popcorn and doing all that stuff and
watching a film it really is a tiring
outing to be honest with you unless you
go in a tracksuit
basically and in London you find
yourself spending about 40 50 pounds
just to go to the cinema because the
tickets are like triple the price they
are in Cardiff they're about 10 to 15
sometimes even 18 pounds for one ticket
for one adult and then you go and you
buy popcorn and drinks and the prices
are ridiculous so it's just a big
headache going to cinema to be on TV I'd
rather I'll stay home and download an
illegal movie I'm joking don't die lidly
I just rather stay home and watch
something on TV anyway are you HOT right
now no my temperatures firm flipping
tastic what was the last thing you had
to drink and a nice cup of tea about two
hours ago yes today I'm spending the day
at home in fact pretty much I've had a
week where of just literally I went to
Cardiff for 10 days because my cousins
from Egypt were here and we did
everything under the Sun we even went to
London in those 10 days and now I've
come back to
London here where I live and I've just
done nothing for a whole week of
recovery but I'm starting to feel like a
depressed big bum so what I need to get
back and do things okay what are you
wearing right now I'm wearing this
jacket which is a solid jacket in the
sale I'm wearing a dark brown little
scarf that's another reason by the way
why lasercom have not been updated since
I got married because it's very very
difficult moving your whole life from
one city to another and getting back on
track but I can say in the next month we
will be back on track with new season
thanks Sharla all right is it so I'll
show you what I'm wearing actually okay
so here's the jacket yeah and then I'm
just wearing a gray neck
oh I'm just wearing a long gray maxi
dress with it so depressing how it's
officially winter and it gets all got
like half four it's so depressing it's
just fat season all you want to do is go
home be warm and just eat food it's just
such a depressing season but then I hate
the summer so plot it just hate the year
do you wash your car or let the car wash
do it
well I've never washed my car and I will
let the car wash do it maybe once a year
so they go that's when I have a car last
food that you ate I had half a box of
Pringles and then Apple on another cup
of tea and before that I had a massive
bowl of cereal where were you last week
at this time like anybody's gonna
remember that whatever not the Terra
Gatien God have you bought any clothing
items in the last week no I have it
and actually I really need to go
shopping and everybody last on sales oh
do you got some clothes you don't
understand I do not have so much I do
have handle air so many clothes handle
air for that but I do need to go
shopping for winter I don't have boots I
don't have ankle boot I need aha I need
knee-high boots I need ankle boots I
need a good everyday coat
I need jumpers I need so many things for
the winter last one the reason not going
out because I have suitable Footwear so
I really need to go into shopping such a
Shopaholic Shopaholic
but I've been riding it so hard to shop
lately I can just go to shop I'm just
like no no no and where I've moved
there's no vintage shops whatsoever so I
can't wait till I get lady doll vintage
vintage back on track so I can just take
from my Vintage Collection when is the
last time you ran oh my god
actually I ran last Sunday with use of
talkie and my brother when I was in
Cardiff what's the last sports event you
watched God what I do
probably just probably a football match
no delay that's not supportive ever
probably nothing what is your favorite
animal cats but it's funny because
roosters be scared of Katherine till we
got sushi gordito are cats from Egypt so
I would say now my favorite animal is a
cat however I still can't just go and
pick up a cat unless I know it really
really well I know something scratched
me but cats and horses because I used to
go horse riding and horses I find
amazing cats horses and cows I love cows
I love cow eyes your dream vacation what
is my dream vacation and I don't have
like a dream one where it's like oh so
romantic and all that however I would
really really love to go to Japan and
America I'm I really want to do those
two countries basically and I would love
to go to Indonesia again because that
was an amazing place and what else last
persons house you were in my house oh
well someone else's house my family home
in Cardiff so there you go
worst injury you've ever had oh well
actually about two weeks ago this finger
got infected
what didn't get infected but I was
biting my nail and then you know when
you buy a bit of skin off and it's
things for a few days
well I believe it got infected and
turned a little bit green so I googled
it and all that and it just said squeeze
it till the pus comes out so I did that
and that was probably the worst injury
I've had hand
I can't think of anything else other
than maybe stubbing my toe I handle air
I have not really suffered any crazy
injuries at all handle air and blade
please don't give me a bad injury next
week so feels good anyway and what else
have you ever been in love yes of course
I am married
do you miss anyone right now yes I miss
a few people I miss my mum I miss my dad
I miss my sister I miss my brothers and
I miss my husband cuz he's in work I
miss everybody I'm such a loner I need
friends in London well I'm going to meet
the only friend I have in London is um
Alyssia the photographer I always do
photos with she's such a great friend
that's the friend I have you'll also
have in London I know like family
friends from ages ago but we need to
reconnect basically you also have in
London and then there's just like
associates you know they're like friends
but you don't phone them up for like a
combo anything you just sort of meet
them every now and then that's fine but
the thing is I'm not in central London
I'm not completely on the outskirts and
takes me like an hour on the train at
the tube to get to central London so bit
of a mission especially in this
depressing weather I'm just talking so
much because I haven't talked for ages
anyway last play you saw and actually we
went to the theater in Cardiff with my
cousins and we watched the Nutcracker on
ice and it was actually really good
although I did think it would be
incredibly boring it was quite quite
quite enjoyable to watch what is your
secret weapon to law in and god that's a
rude one I'm good to do that work cut
what are your plans for tonight
um after this video I am going to go
through emails and then I am going to
cook and then probably watch TV and
that's that's that day done it was the
last person you said a myspace message
or comment what the hell is it next up
you go oh god I don't know if I want to
do the tag anymore okay God next strip
you are going to take um tomorrow on a
somewhere ever go to a camp yes I went
to a camp when I was very very young
like a Muslim or girls camp and it
wasn't like proper camping where you
like have a ten outdoors there's a nice
cabins and I was really young like in
year 7 or something going but I remember
what we did there what where they were
at once and never again it was good it's
fun what do you want to blah blah blah
where were you an honor roll student
uneven no or that is that must be an
American thing what do you want to know
about the future uh what when I will die
are you wearing any perfume or cologne
no just G odorant where is your best
friend in work how is your best this is
such a Shh tag do you have a tan yes I
do have tan I put fake tan on woohoo I
will show you my favorite fake tan in my
next favourites video which will
probably be November favorites video at
the end of the month because I found an
amazing one and I do recommend everybody
who's into fake tan to go get it but
I'll show you that soon what are you
listening to right now myself talking to
the camera and to be honest with you I'm
getting really pissy at this tag and how
this video is telling at god I really
need to sort out my youtube life god and
it's funny because I have written a list
of like to do videos and I just I just
can't get settled in properly and do my
head in all of you newlyweds probably
know what I'm talking about do you
collect anything
well actually I used to be a stamp
collector geek and I used to be a watch
collector and now I collect nothing
other than clothes I suppose who is the
biggest gossip a you know well there's a
few of those but we were going to that
last time you got stopped by a cop or
pulled over actually this was probably
about hmm I'd say about three years ago
I got a pulled over three years ago I
used to work in a Vodafone call centre
and I was on the way to work to pack up
and actually I was late because I was
always late cuz it's a crap job I never
want to go back to calls and dairy in my
life I've been joking in case I ever
need to work a little so again just
hittin all that school centres will work
I love it I love it anyway I was going
late I was going to park and then this
policeman pulled me over because
apparently they were pulling over loads
of cars and searching the boots of cars
for and weapons so my car was stopped
for a weapon search and of course they
found nothing and then I was allowed to
go although I wish he had went on longer
so I didn't have to go to work even
though I still love the job have you
ever drank your soda from a straw yeah I
only ever drink my soda from a straw
because otherwise it does hurt my teeth
it hurts it takes my teeth ache if I
just let fizz all over them so they go
what does your last text message say say
le not chez God
well actually here's the story and my
child just stopped working and this is
one of the reasons I haven't been going
out because how are you supposed to go
out without your flipping phone how you
supposed to use Google Google Maps
obviously you can't because I'm anyway
so my charger stopped working I don't
know what's going on can somebody tell
me iPhone flipping shitty five new iOS
shitty seven they tell me to update I go
and update the phone and then my charger
stops working
want to explain that to me bit peed off
of that to be honest with you and so for
the past week I haven't had a phone
because I can't even go anywhere to buy
a charger because I don't have my phone
to tell me which way the charger shop is
so I'm waiting for the husband to get me
one today after work insha'Allah if you
remembers because I can't even remind
him because I don't have a phone and no
I don't have a landline even if I did
his numbers on my phone not in my brain
okay so anyway I've made a pact when I
need a new phone I'm not gonna do iPhone
I've had iPhones for the past like five
years I'm not gonna do iPhone I'm the
thing I think I'm gonna try the new
Nokia Lumia cuz the camera oh I'm gonna
try one of those big Samsung bricks do
you like hot sauce know what can't stand
chili food I don't decide the point of
it it makes you not taste food and just
cry and have your nose water and your
tongue about what is the point chili hot
sauce I don't under that lip last time
you took a shower yesterday I miss
smelly cow on time do you need to do
laundry
no actually did it yesterday thanks
much what is your heritage I am half
Egyptian half English half I don't
know do just sitting which were
basically like half Egyptian than my mom
is English so she's like why she's a
white dad so I'm like half a white girl
half Egyptian god get me won't you are
you someone's best friend
probably well actually like my bestest
bestest friend ever in the whole wide
world ever is eyeshadow Qasim and she's
one of those friends leader you don't
see for ages they're talked to for ages
but when you see them you could be
completely normal and that's what I love
in a friend that's what a good friend is
a girl sends a really good friend top
friend this is starting to turn really
sloppy anyway are you rich no actually I
am rich I'll handle air because they
have my family and I have my husband and
I have all of that sentimental what are
you doing at 12 a.m. last night I was
probably sleeping or watching TV or
browsing the Internet
actually I was probably watching vines
all night that's why I do every night
so there we go actually guys follow me
on vine while you're there
I think it's called Deena Tokyo like
everything else of mine and because I
think I'm gonna make some wines because
I think I think that will be quite fun
so follow me if I haven't posted
something up worth watching in the next
two weeks I would say then just give up
on that so I probably won't join but I'm
planning to join why properly so anyway
that's the end of that video so loading
my mask off and thanks for watching
I will see you on the next one chawla
until next time keep it covered please
