hi guys okay so I'm just filming a
really quick alpha of day video with my
cousin Lu D bye hi is there yoga cuisine
anyway we're just go to global aid
extravaganza cut its annual charity
event so we thought we'd show you what
we're wearing nothing too special but a
little bit more dressed up than usual so
it lays Oscar my gorgeous new necklace
from mash by the way there's a discount
code in a Tokyo for you guys to get um
just how all these necklaces follow them
on Instagram mash underscore underscore
style Dedalus isn't it I know this is my
sister's shirt I think it's from all
things because she goes there a lot and
this bag is also my sister's French
Connection and these trousers are from
Vera Moda yeah my shoes are Jun years
ago also my sisters so that's all I'm
wearing makeup done obviously I mean my
make Mak makeup and here comes loody
loody hardly ever wears he'll I just
wanna show cuz she looks really nice
Yolo Ludi scoff is from Egypt her
necklace is Primark her shirt is River
Island I believe and her jeans are
Primark alright ladies shoes guys next
and this is Lu DS gorgeous face Masha
lodged on her makeup herself as well
dimple have me lead you together
I brought you guys until next time keep
covered
