morning guys it's been about three weeks
since I picked up the camera and filmed
something still on magenta leaving my
head anyway I'm off to the train station
because I'm going to London my head's
gone back to blonde by the way cuz I
went to the hairdresser's I got a cut
and they stripped the gray out and there
was missile I bled the roots in but I
didn't really do that so I'm gonna go to
another hairdressers I'm going to London
to go in a helicopter with Liberty
London they're flying us over London in
a helicopter to celebrate their dusk
till dawn new collection print bags and
I'm going to go with I'm in London guys
and we're in Liberty currently helping
cheesy pizza to see - she's definitely
cheesy today
tell the duty pick up them to wear super
fussy that's lovely
guys liberty is endless choices are
ridiculous but anyway I didn't show you
guys what I'm wearing today a jacket and
trainer they go guys that's my look
today I'm so low maintenance to see is
just like roaming around frantically
trying stuff on like she's freaking
Beyonce and she's got like the biggest
performance ever tonight or something
like girl it's the bloggers event calm
down well I do not love that all finally
she's deciding on a celiac you look you
happy now oh my god I'm so you can take
pictures of me by the helicopter yeah
thanks yeah yeah clearly to cease
personal assistant she's there changing
and I'm just gonna wait here ready to
take off me because we've got Beyonce
behind the game I'm getting so much
inspiration from just being in the stall
there'll be previous totally different
sounds everywhere she's so young I want
to train guys
this balloon came back I chose the one
that is more powerful this is Gus guy
things like unless we're computers and
that's not sort of this little chauffeur
is the Ong by it was one of ours love it
we're here guys hmm you just got
upstairs for drinks than that look at
all the helicopters behind me exciting I
just want to stand there and take a
picture to be honest with you look at
these two totally unsociable the whole
idea is dusk till dawn that's why we're
going in a helicopter over London I
think I've was this one dusk isn't it I
remember but anyway I chose the one with
the Reds and the oranges in it because
it kind of matches my outfit guys this
is Warwick sighing we're gonna get in
that one
but my fringes my never had a stupid
like up
I was amazing look at the views by here
as well the don't thing I chose you then
had a cops up close for house dick look
at this they've even got it branded how
cool is that you just come to the
Langham now for some nibbles and more
goodies from liberty I've just put my
new phone case on how to user guys
what's a lovely day that was guys with
Liberty and we're gonna eat this pizza
now that uses got leftover say I you sir
anyway I'm gonna go now all to tease Mad
Dogs here let's go ahead and talk to the
city's got covered with her that I like
so know what you keep jumping on TC
she has to bribe him with trees so I
come to toddler let bribe look at this
shit do that with hi guys
Susie and her child who just been into
Hamleys and for Hannah's Prezi so this
is doable I never shall be watching then
use up what did you get her
I got a Sylvanian families they didn't
you got her an 8-pound puppet
oh yeah it's 14-pound puppet and I got
her this elephant thing Ella fun and
then I got her to to go Sylvanian
families and then I got her a craft set
and then guys I went ahead and bought
her a camera mate I know and it was 70
pound you have made a really good point
which is that real cameras cost attempt
equips her on the way home guys
I still just look for fresh air come on
come on birthday girl what's that you
like to bag what's your favorite okay I
guess the balloons are she's trying out
her camera taking pictures of everything
aren't you Hannah do you like your dress
look you mother can't believe you're
three boo boo my big girl so you've got
like this what was I thinking getting
these I do mind okay all right let's put
that down then Wow so yellow yes it's
quite a lime green isn't it
how many guys have got hat on her and
her boots on for the party I just got
dressed I need to go to the party venue
and drop off fake a which is just a
Morrison's one for eleven quid that fee
is 20 apparently but we bought two so
we're just gonna put them yeah and then
and then why don't know but I bought
this stuff reminder what oh my god using
your baggage you're dragging it maybe
you should drag it in case in case we
hurt him now he wants to get out okay
you want to get out go JG escape buddy
escape oh he was to play oh Micah's
upset Palestine take a picture of our
feet on the swing because I just took my
camera this is to undo say did you get
it Hannah sighs I just got mica ready in
his little bday outfit for his sister's
party then for me extend for you looking
real smart buddy by the way guys
Hannah's knockout hi time guys
this is the wizard entertainment that
just finished palace party everyone's
just been seen where's Hanna guys these
are like they quitted another party back
go now to the kids was quite nice in it
that looks delicious
good I want one of those I mean she's
gonna go to bed make and guys this is
the birthday cake I got for Hanna the
Morrisons one so we need mate
I know you haven't fired plane you have
been cheekymonkey me Kaduna bits over
time what use have got Hanna guys do you
yeah no I love it happy birthday it's
your card look he roughed it up it's the
day after the party guys and this is my
3 year old birthday party hangover
coffee oh goodness me yesterday was a
madness and I didn't have a coffee
yesterday it shows you guys saying it's
have one now and by the way I've mixed
like 3 coffees in this I've missed mix
like a packet coffee coffee a packet
coffee I just had coffee cuz I wanted to
say such it makes the packet coffee some
you know like powdered milk and and then
an actual espresso pod coffee yeah I
don't know what's going on with me so
how does just have breakfast and then we
went and got all the presents out with
the car these are all your present from
your cousins and your friends isn't it
aren't you very lucky it's so fun doing
a birthday party for your kid but then
you realize how sport they become so I'm
not doing another one next year but are
you excited to open them listen Mika I
know this looks exciting but I think
that you're gonna get one page you're
not gonna get a party like this maybe
when you turn 3 who gave you the magic
potion the wizard did yesterday What did
he say it was from remember the
happiness tree yeah magic potion from
the happiness tree
yeah so how do we stand them up like
this I'll show you yes
birthdays we put them on display because
they're so beautiful all your cards
there we go we're going to have his
cards on display
good morning lads birthday weekend is
well and truly over and I'm holding a
sleeping mik√§ in my arms I think I'm
waking him up sorry mate right I've just
put me kid out anyway so as I was saying
we are moving into a studio space
because two girls working with us now
Lily and Hannah and we also have SIDS
brother working with us and basically
everyone was coming to our house and
just like working either instance
makeshift office in the garage or I had
like a room upstairs for the girls as
well so it's just better to be in a
office eg boy dinky boy no no more
smiles they were setting up over there
to film something for Instagram being a
related so I've got my cowardly headband
thing anyway I didn't tell you guys much
about the sustainable studio basically
this hole is huge this whole warehouse
the founders did was they took it and
they've been like renovating it and
making it into like a shared co-working
space for creatives everything in the
whole building is recycled anyway here's
Hannah and Lily this morning they're
bloody bloody hell and sit as usual with
the baby in the sling yeah literally bus
make me kill a bottle guys how cool is
this little corner and this communal
kitchen why are you all comfy right so
this is Sarah and this is Julie is
Julian
Julia Julia and these two are sisters so
these guys are the founders of
sustainable studios and basically I
thought you guys can meet them so that
they can brag about it cause it's sick I
love it here I really do there's a baby
to the right of me which is all the goo
goo gah going all the cute googly
bugging yes it's very family friendly
which is also I love it
community projects the last kind of ten
years in Cardiff in an area called bring
shanty town which is the College Bay
area and then we've always done events
that have being inclusive lots of
different people and this is kind of a
bigger on a bigger scale I guess we just
wanted to create a platform and a Spacey
people to feel welcome and safe to trial
new ideas and have yet opportunities to
thrive and their businesses to flourish
yeah but everybody you know they're all
doing different things they kind of
there's people from like different
backgrounds as well
we've got fashion designers if you all
prefers photographers bloggers how long
did it take you to set it all up okay so
this factory was derelict for ten years
when we walked in so it used to be an
initial attack during the war then
aralia the factory and then and a place
where people could kind of come and do
friendships and terrain so just like
when you're fine it's meant to be we had
that feeling like you know when you work
by your house so you you know you're
supposed to be somewhere we're just kind
of connected with the space so you know
we couldn't afford it which was
hilarious so we just kind of put the
word out said we want to share space
with a few people who's interested and
about six people came back and said yeah
we'll all kind of help you pay the rent
Wow so we set up almost like a
cooperative yeah we all share the rent
we all share space we all kind of help
keep the place this is very like
grassroots kind of authentic Wow blood
sweat and tears but you know family got
involved people that we work with in the
community came and painted skirting
boards and helped us on the floor so
it's very much the ownership was on
everyone you know yeah and feel as a
part of making this happen
just as me facilitated something and you
know and everyone's been kind of running
to keep up with how rapid it's grown
with these who start with what six
people then it went to 12 and 18 and 20
now were up to me 50 people all sharing
space and you know helping each other
essentially build their ideas and
businesses we've open up like fashion we
both love interiors it's always been
like one of the biggest things in our
lives and we wanted a create space as
well that had a kind of you know like
that kind of mix of modern and all so
it's kind of it's a bit of our
personalities in it as well
so you love fashion clothes you make
your own and you have a clothing line
next so I'm literally kind of like still
developing some of those pieces yeah but
it sustainably made you know did a lot
of the research with fabrics yeah it's
kind of it's knowing their supply chain
just not knowing how you know people are
paid mm-hmm you know picking the cotton
dyeing it processing it so we kind of we
can trace that all back so our customer
will know exactly how it's made where
it's come from which community say it's
helping develop so I think that's
something really special that a lot of
brands actually can't do and the high
street at the moment so and that's
really important to us meaning upcycling
our own kind of stuff for over 10 years
we do leapin doing clothes swaps so is
something as part of our lives and it's
led to this moment Oh didn't you guys
start by doing like loads of workshops
for people to upcycle
clothes I remember that anyway nice to
you chats you guys today I'm gonna end
the vlog here because being ages I'm
good by the way look at that sick
tracksuit in the corner it's from brand
called tamer and we're gonna shoot it
next week actually anyway I'm gonna end
the vlog here because it's a long log
and I will see you in next week's in the
next vlog or maybe I'll start doing
regular videos next week I don't know
we'll see how things
but thanks for watching till next time
bye
