hi guys okay ignore me posing away there
today I'm going to show you guys how to
wear these gorgeous harem pants that was
sent to me by New York trendy moms who
is a blogger and has designed her own
collection of hammer punch so you can
check out all of their details in the
description and I'll leave all the links
on the screen as well so for this look
I've got four names for me oh look or if
you've got an occasion to go to that
isn't a wedding or prom that kind of
thing and I've paired the gorgeous hands
with a top that I made out of lovely
fabric that I got from Birmingham
got my Claire's accessories chain
necklace on and my Claire's accessories
hoop earrings on
yulik shoes ease and just a normal black
lady don't go
so for this look I went for more of a
summary casual look and I'm wearing
actually a really oversized t-shirt I
tucked in and a black and white striped
scarf that was a pillowcase which is
probably really obvious now that I told
you and then I've just got some fancy I
believe June sandals they could be Kurt
Geiger I'm not sure I stole them from my
sister's wardrobe
scarves are a bit different for the
summer well and truly back in the mirror
again guys this is like all the funky
office look because of course the harem
oh well they can be used for many
occasions underneath so I've actually
got a temple II scarf on there which is
also stolen from my sister got a little
bow tie that I took off some hair band
or something my shirt is slightly
creased but don't worry about it tucked
in at the front there of parents and the
paisley print on the harem is actually a
really dark navy blue but in the dark
when black is next week and reflects is
black so that's why pedicab it black
I've got a little clutch bag there which
is a men's one for next actually I think
it's a laptop bag but it will do when
I've gone I've just actually put on my
lucky look shoes in the clip that's my
plan it so as you can see the shirt is
slightly flowing from the back but the
really tucked it in and at the front and
kind of purposely to cover you know any
ridges that might occur I hope you
enjoyed it and it helped thanks for
watching until next time keep it covered
