hi guys okay so for today's video I've
just put together a really really quick
out for the day
and I'm just going out and it's
absolutely boiling so I thought I would
wear a skirt quite a nice short videos
nobody wants to sit with a hot laptop
during this heat hmm I hope you guys
enjoy it and hi guys so leopard has
started to become sort of like a new
something you can match with anything so
I'm just tucked up a t-shirt over here
and to change up a little bit so we
don't have a complete bag you look why
rings are from Egypt in case anybody's
wondering this is a perfect look for
Ramadan and heat where you just want to
be comfortable loose and crazy there's a
pen I hope you enjoyed this very quick
video i hope you all Ramadan is going
well so far and thanks for watching
until next time keep you covered
peace
