hi guys okay so first of all nail polish
isn't haram you just can't do your would
do with it because the water doesn't go
through which therefore means your word
is invalid
however in glops as a lot of us have
heard and I've mentioned them before in
a videos couple of months back when I
first tried them out and now there's
another company called Tuesday in love
have come up with water permeable polish
and Inglot like to call there's a
breathable nail enamel and choose the in
love right on their packet water
permeable polish okay she's in love a
lot
let me just start off by telling you
guys I've used in law for a couple of
months now
and I've only used Tuesday in love for
about three weeks now
because I heard of Inglot first before
Tuesday love okay and right now on my
hands I'm wearing a lilac color from
Tuesday love um however but this whole
week I was wearing a dark red color from
Inglot so let me just start off by
telling you guys the differences that
you will notice straightaway when you
have both products in front of you like
I do for example okay so first of all
here's it this is an England one I'm
going to open it up and I'm going to
smell it for you okay it smells just
like any other nail polish very strong
and like toxic e okay and then here's
the Tuesday in love one it literally
smells of pretty much nothing if you
take a really deep breath you might get
a whiff of something but nothing that
makes you kind of air at Chuck so that's
the difference already when you're
applying the Inglot polish it feels just
like any other nail polish and when
you're applying the Tuesday love one
it's slightly thicker and almost not
paste not like a paste but almost like a
paint rather than I don't know but you
can see the difference for yourselves
when you want to remove Inglot you have
to remove it with a normal nail polish
remover when you want to remove Tuesday
in love it's actually peelable so you
literally just peel it off which I will
demonstrate at the end of this video as
well so
just a few little pointers for you guys
to make CIL's there okay now what I'm
going to do is um just show you actually
Tuesday love a little gift set so two
colors and a top coat um I haven't seen
an englis maybe because I wasn't looking
but they probably do have one and here's
a little gift set for Tuesday in love
are based in Canada and the website is
Tuesday love calm also proceeds from
every every of their sales go to charity
I'm not sure which charity but you can
go on their website and fiber it's going
to go ahead first and show you and do
their little test for you okay then so
for the test you need two paper towels
so I'm just got two kitchen towels like
that fold it over and what you're gonna
need to do what I'm going to need to do
if you want to do it is paint a little
dollop of of the nail polish on and
leave it to dry so I'm going to do a
dollop of Inglot and then I'm going to
do a dollop of um a little glowed who's
in love I mean I can't lie I have been
enjoying the Inglot polishes a lot
because the colors are great and
honestly so far in review terms the
Inglot one lasts longer on your nails
because it's a lot stronger but then
again I think it is basically like a
normal nail punch that's why whereas the
Tuesday in love because it's peelable
means it's very it comes off very very
easily okay so here's the Inglot polish
and here's the Tuesday love one now I'm
just going to go ahead and do another
Tuesday love one with the top coat on
top to test that see if the top coat
makes any difference with how much water
goes through exceptional etc blah-dee
blah-blah blah-blah-blah
okay so here are the three samples now
I'm just going to wait for them all to
dry and show you guys what they're not
that guy just while we're waiting guys I
might as well talk you through my outfit
details scarf I'm wearing is a newbie
from blazer doll which is gonna be
available on Leegin inshallah and I've
got this mango blazer on and then
underneath is a statement t-shirt which
says today is my only day
shut up statement who send me things all
the time in the post and always update
my wardrobe for me every single piece of
statement clothing is now
also ethically manufactured and check
out their website statement gum for more
things and you can find them on
Instagram Facebook all those social
media things if you follow me then
you'll be able to there links is that
okay to rank these boyfriend jeans and
then I will be wearing heels
but if you would like to see a full
outfit then follow me on instagram Dena
Tokyo and to see the full outfit because
Instagram now has video yay I'm sorry
one second guys
hello hi guys okay um this is the most I
could zoom in since I'm at anyway these
three colors are well and truly all
completely and utterly dry there's my
finger sorry I'm Inglot Stu's in love
Tuesday in love with a la top coat and
so what I'm gonna do now is this little
hold on you can't see this little black
thing over here has got water in it so
I'm just going to dip my finger in and
drop drop you know just like drop some
on the bar and do that yeah okay so here
we go whew wait Hana Hana feel okay it's
not enough I'm gonna have to pick this
up to make sure I put on lids and water
because we're pretending that the second
paper towel underneath this one is um
you know mark your nail so if it goes
through and is wet on the other side
then that's kind of like saying that the
water has got through to your nails do
you understand the technique I hope so
oh my god I kind of just ruined the
experiment' because I dropped a big lot
of water next to the Inglot one but
don't worry it's around the outside of
it so we know where to look
okay and anyway we can see the water
droplets themselves if they're sinking
in are not so anyway here I should have
really used some sort of dye in my water
so you guys could see when I apologize I
didn't think that through very well
okay so already I can see that this
Tuesday a loved one has spread out
completely and I don't know if you guys
can tell let me let me bring this a
little closer for you guys without
making the waterfall okay here we go
I left to the ass okay so there's
the drop hold on a minute
hold on a minute thinner darlings
there's the water
but for the Inglot one it's pretty much
staying the same here's the Tuesday love
one it's just spread out slightly like a
paste and the Tuesday a loved one with
um top coat has spread out a little bit
but not really that much so we'll leave
it for about a few seconds see what
happens okay okay so I'm gonna go now to
have a look on the other side here's the
other side Inglot one is not wet at all
it's only wet around here where I
dropped the war but on the actual Polish
area it's still completely dry but you
can see it's still hard you can hear it
and here we go here's a Tuesday loved
one you can see he's got a little bit
damp if I touch it it is slight slightly
damp not crazy damp but I'm guessing if
you were to make Redoute with this
polish on you know a lot of waters going
to be penetrating so it's going to be
like a tap running through so probably a
lot more will go through on your nail
and here's the one with the with the top
coats it is a teeny bit damp but a lot
less dump than this one so obviously
that's because it's got two layers but
it still does go through just not as
much as the one layer oh there we go got
it that's a little experiment eh and so
I showed you guys the back I'm going to
show you guys a little bit clearer the
one layer Tuesday love was quite damp
bearing in mind a Lee put like two tiny
droplets on and they left it to sink in
so imagine if you were going to gush
water through a whole paper for example
is most likely going to go through a lot
quicker and a lot more
unfortunately Inglot has been completely
dry not a little inkling of water has
gone through I can only feel the damp
when I spilled water around it and the
Tuesday love with the top coat um there
you can see the colour going through a
little bit there so based on that my
conclusion would be the ink blot polish
does it let water go through onto your
nail and however the Tuesday loved one
does and as long as you're wearing one
layer and now it's up to you guys what
you want to do after watching this video
you might feel that it's still not
suitable to use either one et cetera but
one thing I do want to point out is the
Tuesday loved one is very handy if for
example you are going to a wedding or
somewhere in the evening
where you wanted to a nail polish
Tuesday love is perfect for that because
you literally can peel off I'm going to
demonstrate how to peel off peel off in
two seconds flat which again is amazing
because you don't need to worry about
purchasing nail polish remover so I'm
just peeling off as you can see it's
coming off in one layer there we go that
is why I have favored Tuesday love
because it's not only putable but also
the water does go through so you can
make you redo with it but then you can
also take it off straight away which is
also handy because sometimes when you
wear nail polish it chips but it's hard
to start scratching all of the Polish
off it takes up to the edges and some of
it stays on whereas this if it does chip
or some of it peels off and you don't
like the look of it just take the whole
lot off in two minutes flat so I hope
that's helped a little bit guys up to
you guys what you want to do tech both
Tuesday love and Engler out and don't
forget to Like and subscribe
wow I never say that I also just wanted
to let you guys know my very dear friend
and also a photographer that I've worked
with a lot over the past year and Listia
Gamlen ad/da the Italian photographer
that I love you guys probably have heard
off from me because I keep going on
about her and other hey cherries that
she has also worked with I'm in London
so anyway she is very successful
photographer now that she's living in
London she wanted to do something and
that is also good to help a lot of us
hey jebby muslim girls because she's got
to know a lot of us and she wants to now
cover and you know all lady's events
weddings except her says she's now
available for bookings for occasions
that are not just fresh and related as
well okay so if you guys need a female
photographer and all of her details will
be be in the description below and email
hair at Alyssia gamma raptor LSTA at
Alyssia gamma Arthur calm or info at
Alesia garlic calm anyway and Ramadan is
next week Ramadan Kareem um or else
it'll say I'm still gonna do that baby
Joan Sharla just when I have time and
space to do it videos going on for way
too long
thanks for watching guys until next time
keep it covered peace
