hi guys okay so basically I haven't
really been very regular on YouTube
because I've been really terribly busy
and there's poo on the floor but anyway
so I thought today I'd film just a day
vlog
rather than a week one like I normally
do and get it up by tonight and then
film proper video for you guys later
there's Hasson houses back in Cardiff by
the way for what to tell you guys and
also visiting is Judith the grandmother
there she is the alluette lady there and
we're just going to do some things today
so I'll vlog through the day and then
hopefully upload it tonight and you'll
have video for today and then I'll fill
a problem my name's on Islands you sub
obviously so oh let's do click outfit is
the outfit he's dude if it's out demon
stripeys Strife's blonde hair you can do
that with a beige cloth though you can
get that effect but that's really that's
often bit late okie dokie sumhassin
refusing to put their seatbelts on cuz
they don't fit those sub swearing use of
is really bad stop it if stick his
finger up on the video well who does
that like stupid child oh and this is my
nose ring because I stopped wearing
those rings because it really hurts I
don't know why
let me get studs today and hopefully
just arrest us or unless I find a comfy
nose ring and I wear comfy on and Judy
would you like to say anything to the
camera quick suck it in suck it in no
the stomach no it's not you look lovely
by the way guys look at Judy's arm she's
not slurs away if any of you guys wanna
know how she lost weight its slimming
world and I think I might join but maybe
after I'm gone because oh oh wow yeah
yeah stop it's not funny when you swag
and here's Holly Bush mode it's a road
in Cardiff yeah
hey guys it's just an art exhibition
which is right next to my studio I
didn't even know how epic is that hi
princess
God who is who is it it's the artist
Hamas all dangerous stuff Oh Judy look
at that print on there of cleaver and
who is this hmm
twine blue team from things but it's
over here leak or another miss that's so
that's so epic
oh yeah look it's hand grenade huh
hi guys just in likea again his dinner
the fat pig with her big ice cream
muscular dude he's gone anyway they only
had to corn hot dogs left so you super
hasn't had them and then they so then
Judy had to have the real hot dog is it
pork then or what is it isn't it don't
even know but it's handy when one of you
is numerously
cuz you can out below now now while in
it look how little she's gone over good
babies I can't brought her than you know
you're waiting what am i shoulder man
look at your shoulder well you're
certainly not taller Doody so guys just
having the latest from Ikea what does he
do
they don't have judging here well Hasson
an accent and Judy load the car cuz me
and used by handy like that come on Sam
found ya wait wait it's like my new
shoes only can't see who it
it's like the new shoes from Zara got
them for the birthday yeah so guys
basically Judy has found her dress that
she is going to wear to my wedding she's
going to give you a sneak peak it was a
bargain
truth be told from TK Maxx give him a
little sneaky picked you've gone
leaky seeking me oh that's lonely
getting guys that's gonna be Judy's
outfit I'm sure you're all gonna love it
because it is quite he jumpy friendly
saying yeah there's to see going on mad
one - you surf and Hassen acids wrong in
his statement hoodie we lookin at sharp
try to be a thug when you're not like
you hug life oh my god they pranked me
earlier I know we wait a shop and they
basically picked up loads of IQ pencils
from Ikea I'm stuck like 20 in my head
and I was walking around without knowing
and then they do beautiful Izzy
which burger - vitamins swearin hi guys
we just heard she became if I was a help
swear honey oh my god nothing happen for
reason keening you quit yeah right in
the kitchen
ah too much noise no there guys at the
end of the day and we're ending the day
watching child genius
there's Gd falling asleep because that's
what old ladies do um she's awake now we
basically had to repeat this little
scene because my hair was in it by
accident anyway can't film anyone
because everyone's in their PJs and
refused to be a video whoa your name
until next time keep covered peace chill
chill chill
