hi guys okay so I haven't done it outfit
of the day video in a very long time
just like a you know random kind of
spurred the moment one so I thought
today I would film what I'm wearing even
though my head is topped off and a lot
of you guys asked me to do videos on how
to a skirt and blazers Blazers etc so
this is a combination of both the reason
I haven't done like a proper to get
video is because I don't really own mmm
any other than the one I'm wearing which
doesn't really count as a proper skirt
because it's one of those see-through
ones etc so until I get my hands on a
decent skirt I think that I will and I
really don't have time to make one right
now so don't suggest that blaze anyway
do not mind the cold that I'm
experiencing in my face and my voice
because I've got cold and it hurts so
let's ignore that shall we anyway just
before I start I want to show you guys
something that I bought the other day
from Inglot in the London and it's this
lip palette basically I just think let
me just do the girls here's a good time
to do the focus there we go okay ten
different colors now if you buy one
color by itself it's eight pound fifty
if you buy ten it's fifty pounds so you
work out how much you're saving there
it's about thirty pounds all righty then
so anyway I thought it's pretty amazing
and I got it because basically some
photoshoots I've got in mind coming up
so I thought I'd go for some yellows and
some blues etc might get to have the
guts one day to wear you know green blue
yellow white outside but not yet right
now on my lips is the orange one right
over here okay yeah that's the one I'm
rocking right now and I'm loving it yes
just thought I'd let you guys know about
that pretty damn good purchase and
here's the little thingy that you buy
for it to go in and it's magnetic
because all Inglot stuff isn't Megan
it's like a Megan look like a magnet in
your face okay so we'll just move on to
the outfit shall we basically today I've
got on a blacks
which is from lazy doll I used to sell
playing black ones but I don't think I'm
gonna be selling them anytime soon I'm
just concentrating on the ombre ones all
right all right now um I'm also wearing
this necklace that I wear all the time
which is from Topshop a long time ago
then I have this blazer which is my
sister's and I believe it's from Zara
and then I'm wearing a t-shirt policy
London t-shirt it's cropped t-shirt and
you guys have seen me wear some of their
t-shirts previously a couple months back
and they just sent me another two so I'm
wearing this little cropped one it's
that style blogger because I blog as a
style you know the moon as do most of us
watching of these things nowadays anyway
okay so just gonna get up and show you
the rest to just wearing this
see-through skirt remember this and and
this was from mk1 yep Scott and I just
got these New Balance trainers on so
accessories are you know the usual kind
of Michael Kors watch Camden and a toss
rings and a guild bangle from the
great-grandmother um bag is actually yet
to be decided
so I'm keep an eye out on de cerdo calm
to find out what bag I use if I decide
to use any bearing at all probably worth
this but and I'm so ready to hit gym
somebody mentioned sorry for me to make
sure I look at the camera lens itself so
they feel like I'm talking to them sorry
I'm really vain I tend to look at myself
over there
anyway um do you never get okay so
thanks for watching guys on the next
video hopefully we'll be a makeup
tutorial that I promised a long time ago
okay so maybe just one more time I'll
show you again you checked me out here
also hold on you see in the mirror yeah
hello there yes mirror yeah better shut
up now do you know okay
okay ah see you next video guys and
thanks for watching till next time keep
covered please
