hi guys okay so today's video I'm busy
going to be doing a bit of haul and I
haven't done a haul in forever like I
don't know maybe almost a year and I've
never ever done a haul that isn't just
clothing so today's haul is going to be
beauty products because I went to lush
and in Cardiff and I went on a bit of a
mud one and basically bought the whole
shop well you know a quarter of it and
um yeah so I thought I'd show you guys
because I'm going through a phase where
I'm like ah I need to start taking care
of myself I just do this and do that
because I've never really done anything
to take care of my self properly and you
know how I usually buy like cheap makeup
Beauty things and so I thought it's time
to you step up my game a little bit
seeing as I'm getting older except
remember blah blah
so anyway I'm just gonna start off with
face stuff I bought a facial cleanser
because I've been using one from the
body shop which I will show you guys in
maybe my favorites video and it's really
really great but I thought I'd try
something else just to see differences
between cleansers etc so this is the
facial cleanser that I got and this is
something that you use everyday in the
mornings when you wash your face instead
of soap for years I've been using that
anyway so this is dark angels fresh
facial cleanser has got Russell Mudd
charcoal and black sugar combined
charcoal and black sugar lump charcoal
and black sugar combined to create a
very absorbent and exfoliating cleanser
and it's basically jet-black let me just
do my Bulgars basically jet black and it
looks it just looks like chalk all by
itself and um smells good does it's not
bad smells like weird the whole shop
smells like weed her Billy kind of not
bad or not goods kind of smells and just
take a pea-sized pinch and you put some
water on it and then it goes into a
paste they just put all over your face
and I've look I bought these things
yesterday so I've really used a few of
the things only once so this isn't a
review this is just showing you I go and
then in about a month's time I'm gonna
film a video with no makeup on
whatsoever and let you guys see for
yourselves if any of this crap actually
works
knowing and then I bought two
face masks so I got the sacred truth
face mask the sacred truth I've done ads
a film anymore so I got the sake of
truth fresh face masks and these are
you're supposed to put in the fridge I
think yep and this is supposed to help
with anti-aging so you know like
wrinkles etc so it's got antioxidant
wheatgrass ginseng or ginseng whether
those green tea and enzymic fresh papaya
all deliver live fresh active
ingredients which enhance and read blah
blah blah who else has it got in there
so she told me I Scott why I can't
remember oh yeah this is the one that's
got garlic and free-range eggs
everybody knows em eggs are really good
for your face and so and for your hair
also but nobody ever really wants to
just put on your face so they've made a
mask and it doesn't smell really very
garlicky towards got a bit of a Hong to
it but it's it's bearable for the ten
minutes they have to wear it so yeah I
tried this this morning
can't retail yet but yeah so and that's
called the sacred truth fresh face mask
and then I got the cosmetic warrior
fresh face mask and this is supposed to
combat spots and soothe troubled skins
with antiseptic fresh garlic oh oh no
this is the one with garlic I'm so the
fuels which wonder oh I don't know okay
this one doesn't have garlic this one's
good I don't know but this one has
garlic and it's got tea tree essential
oil depth deep cleansing kaolin and
antibacterial honey use it to banish
breakouts and it advises to use it for
once every week for six weeks if you've
got like acne etc and I have recently
been getting breakouts etc around this
area because of the scarf obviously so
um yes I've been using stuff to combat
it so far the other stuff I've used
which is from the body shop has worked
but I thought I'd try out try out other
things so I'll let you guys know in a
month or so and that's that there we go
okay and then I went to got a facial
moisturizer this was the most expensive
out of everything I got everything else
I got was you know
five and fifteen pounds that kind of
price range this small little tub facial
moisturizer
it's called gorgeous um was thirty nine
pounds well not in focus again it was
thirty nine pounds and basically and
that is because it's supposed to be
amazing and so this is like my
moisturizer so after I'd cleanse you
know before you put your makeup on in
moisturize and and this has she's
telling me about this oil so this has
got loads of oils got coconut oil it's
got lemon juice it's got virgin oil
virgin uh what extra virgin olive oil
yeah all these primrose oil it's got all
the oils mixed then it also has this
other oil which I need to find the name
of it because she told me it's like a
really good oh it's got a Bacardi oil
God I sit down oh my god oh and then
it's got neroli oil nee NER oli I've
never had it on before but apparently
it's supposed to be even better than
coconut oil and it's really expensive or
maybe just lush sell it expensively I
don't know but let me guys know if you
guys have ever heard of it apparently
this is really good for the collagen in
your face and keeping you looking young
etc etc so I got the facial moisturizer
and I'm going to be using this over the
next month
it's called gorgeous and I will let you
guys know you know the dealio in a month
time inshallah
okay and then because you guys know how
crap I am with makeup etc I'm not crap
at makeup I can I can apply my makeup my
makeup all right I think
but in when I say crap I mean I I'm not
into the technical so like when people
have primer and the bay and they do all
this step-by-step makeup I usually just
go and I'm done so I thought I'd get
myself a toner and this is the tea tree
water toner water there we go and um I
think this was like nine no it was no
something like four pounds or something
so yeah I got myself a toner for first
time ever I'm Dalila okay
and then I wanted to get another face
moisturizer but this one I was advised
to use only in the night time if you
know you have oily skin and you're prone
to breakouts etc so and it's like in a
bar which I thought was really cool so
in the night time after I've cleansed my
face
I'll just well I did try it once I just
got at that and on my neck just to keep
it moisturized and hydrated so that it
doesn't break out which valley girl from
hell also told me to do because she said
when you cleanse your face you dry your
skin out so you need to moisturize it so
your skin doesn't produce oils and give
you spots except instead of using all
this ladylike stuff anyway I already got
this this early like three pounds four
pounds maybe so okay that's everything
face wise guys know I'm going to that I
got two lip products and this next thing
I heard about it before from somebody I
can't member but you know when your lip
sticking to your skin starts tapping and
you can peel it off it'll just looks
really yuck
so I got a lip scrub the bubble gum lip
scrub they've got three flavors but this
one I felt are really reminded me of
like childhood sweets etc so this is
basically just sugar castor sugar a bit
of food dye and flavoring and and the
smell is unreal it's like this I don't
know what they call but it's some kind
of bubble gum that we used to have when
with kids and its really soft bubble gum
that most of us used to eat I wish you
could smell here take a deep breath if
you guys just sniff with me you can
probably smell swear just do it oh it
smell so good and anyway what you do is
you take a bit of this and you scrub on
your lips and then you lick it off to
remove the excess which is amazing
because it's basically edible so that's
so cool like this is going to be gone in
a week without doubt maybe even tonight
you know so I got this and I was only
like three three pounds something as
well and then I'm going to got myself a
lot a lip tint and it looks like it's
this color it doesn't really come out
the color there obviously is very light
and shimmery as well so smells blotting
as well one sniff sniff it t sniff
anyway I don't know if or anybody else
feels the same way but
I feel like to be a woman that takes
care of herself in terms of like beauty
products and that is really complicated
like men just have to get up much face
bugger off we've got like all these
steps and uh and I was just sitting in
the bar in the in the lush shop like oh
my god how am I going to remember what
everything is for so she gave him like a
magazine which would hopefully help help
me remember why I bought and what it's
for even though it's got labels but you
know the packaging is all the same so
when you rushing in the morning you're
gonna pick things out and plus the face
mask you've got to keep them in the
fridge so I'm worried I might like use
the garlic one as that actual garlic
sauce and then be like oh my god what's
going on but then I wouldn't even
realize because it tastes like garlic so
onto hair I was looking for coconut oil
because and I want to some but I can't
seem to find extra virgin coconut oil
anyway let's just pure oil with no like
perfumes or no anything and I can't seem
to find that so I went and got a hair
treatment I don't know what that says
but here you go that's what it's called
okay and you just put it straight onto
dry hair I am yet to use it but this has
got um oh this one has eggs yeah
this has eggs olive oil and coconut oil
cinnamon are little little more else has
it got got vinegar it's got all of a
card oh it's got um fresh organic
bananas in it it's got loads of stuff so
I guess you know a lot of luscious
products you can actually make a home
yourself or something similar and
because all of us have made anyway so
you know but anyway I went and got that
and I'm yet to try it so I'll let you
guys know okay and then I only got
shampoo and conditioner because I've
started using sulfate free shampoo and
conditioner and but I finished my most
recent one which was from the body shop
which was okay there's only four pounds
of body shop one this one was like 15
pounds and this one is called big sea
salt shampoo and and this thought it
looks like literally a pot of salt bit
gooey there we go
and it really does smell like sea I'm
soft so I'm a bit it's a bit citrusy as
well it's got some
lemony fat leaked a little bit and then
I went and got myself a conditioner to
follow that and this is called happy
happy joy joy
so just because I thought you know if
I'm going to use a healthy shampoo I
don't want to go and use like a normal
condition that with all the sulfates and
whatever in them because then that will
kind of just ruin what the treatment I
did for the headaches cetera so I went
and got myself just the scarf rather is
oh so when I got myself a conditioner
this was 18 pounds for this tub but it
should last me for absolutely ages
I went got myself a body moisturizer and
it's like in a bar like this I just
think this is really cool and you know
instead of getting your hands messy with
moisturizer just rub it on like that and
then you put the exact amount that you
need as well rather than dipping in and
having to wipe it on the walls etc and
it's just like that kind of you don't
not this one isn't for faces for body
but and they're relatively cheap as well
okay and then the last two items I got
are I get for the shower and this is the
skin conditioner a rose okay let me tell
you what's in it
water Brazil nut oil vanilla pod
infusion argan oil in here as well umm
cocoa butter or geranium oil lemon oil
and loads of stuff in here there's all
the ingredients and anyway you kind of
like shower gel yourself so clean your
body in the shower and then you
condition your condition your body with
this using your hands in the shower and
then wash it off after I know 2 to 5
minutes I think and the point of it is
so that when you come out the shower you
don't have to moisturize your whole body
you kind of would already do it in the
shower which would save a lot of time to
be honest because some people have big
bodies which means long time
moisturizing and ain't nobody got time
for that
ok and then lastly guys lastly lastly
lastly I went to got myself a foot scrub
ok so when I was in Egypt right I have
my first ever ever pedicure in my life
and I'm almost 24 years old and and I
really enjoyed it and it just makes me
want to keep my feet in the kind of nice
condition that she that the lovely Thai
lady left them in um
so I am going to do that a quick way in
the shower using this foot scrub oh it's
in the shape of a foot I didn't even
notice oh my god and what you're
supposed to do is just break a little
bit off in the shower and scrub it away
on your feet basically and it supposedly
takes off all the dead skin etc so then
I guess all that's left to do is
moisturize your feet and then file your
nails and that's kind of like a pedicure
I think isn't it that's everything I got
dice um then I got a free soap bar
because I spent a lot of money with them
so they were like Keigo how every soap
and I was like it don't really want it
but okay then it's free yeah do you want
to just give me just kind of stead
uh-huh no I didn't really say that but
you know um so yeah that's basically the
lady that stuck with me for about an
hour almost two hours were so helpful
and lovely and um hopefully in about a
month or so I will make a video
reviewing them actually letting you know
if it's worth or not so I wouldn't say
go out and buy everything I just bought
just wait until I tell you if they
actually work or not
so yes thanks for watching guys if you
like the scarf I'm wearing it's the
peach and gray ombre from lace door
which is that stuff but we'll be back
and stock pretty soon shall under with
that our thanks for watching until next
time keep you covered
ah yeah
