Oh God yep angle right call photo
consuit and then I said enough hi guys
okay so today's video is basically going
to be how to wear a square scarf
tutorial kind of updated because I did
do one years ago back in the days when I
first thought I'd youtube about two
years ago but I loved you guys hated it
because there's music in the back and
obviously I was new to YouTube and then
no one had I was doing except I said
right now this is the scarf I'm wearing
I'm using sorry it's the only decent
sized one I could find it's a huge
square scarf so what we can do for the
first clip is just fold in half to make
up the triangle shape like so now and
you can either fold it completely
equally and it will give you sort of
this size or you can go half way to make
it bigger you know that kind of thing is
just using a bit about common sense and
logic and that's tops to sticky on the
bad day then it's placed on the head
like so now this thing around my neck is
just to cover my neck I know I always
show my neck but this top really shows
more than neck shoulders and collarbones
so I had to put something there anyway
so I've set on my head like so okay
sorry I'm a bit flustered and like
annoyed because I just did the coca
message challenge with my brother and it
was a bit wool so I'm just a big mess
because tomorrow we're gonna be
traveling to guna and and I need to pack
and it bled and I might not internet for
three days guys so you know bear with me
on that one
and just place it on the head so it
looks like this usually the point of the
back and we've got two triangles here
now this is actually a style that quite
a few of us probably used to do back in
days high school etc I think it's
actually quite nice now and and it's
really good for coverage and it's very
comfortable so and also if you guys like
the whole Turkish peak think well then
you can have that so no it's going to
just around the face this look really
isn't for everyone and it's generally
not considered to be very stylish
anymore at all but you know maybe we can
bring it back so you pinned on it there
I'm just gonna cover the face and I'm
gonna remove thing around the neck
because it's just God to have to have
her head you know I mean whoa so this is
what it kind of looks like and I posted
a photo of this on Instagram taking the
mick so there you go now we're going to
bring one side which as you can see is
like a point and all you can do is
actually just pin pin it up over here
like so now at this moment in time a lot
of you are probably recognizing this
dial your mum's might still be wearing
it but you would have done it years ago
so you've got the kind of rabbit ear
rabbit ear flex there as usual okay now
what you can do is you can either leave
this dangling quite elegantly so there's
that look or what we used to do when we
younger is bring this bit put it over
here and use another pin and pin it by
there so you've kind of got this look so
there is the back it's very simple handy
type tutorial that you can do with a lot
of square scoffs that you can buy from
hmm-hmm sells a lot square saw scarves
and river island etc and those places
and I forgot to wear my nose this anyway
the example if you can write necklace
over the top go underneath the behind
and then pin them I mean do necklace so
there you go like this so that is what
it would look like with a Nicolas so
there's that look guys I quite like it
because a lot of people like the whole
volume around the sides sometimes you
can get too much of this kind of gives a
natural one anyway now when we want to
spoil it to the focus look a mess anyway
so that's that look not for everyone but
could look quite cute especially with
like kind of long jersey skirts flowy
tops that kind of look anyway so for
this look all you've done is you've
the squares off as a square exactly and
then you just place on the head like so
okay what we're going to do is we're
going to pin it around the face as you
can see there's no like folded section
here so it doesn't create that
over-the-top peak and you can just
create your own small one like we do
with normal pashmina styles so there we
pinned you can create the point if you
want like doing this and there is the
point okay now what we can do is we're
gonna I'm just gonna take my neck piece
off again so goddamn hard in Egypt today
so hot unbelievable anyway okay so there
we've got this the square this is what
square looks like on right now bring the
back like we do with normal mesh Mena
and because this is quite wide you're
just going to go like this now if your
square scarf isn't that wide then you
can skip this part and just do the next
bit so we've got the double layer and
it's still completely covering okay
double layer so now all we're gonna do
is go to take these pots and go like
this and then just tuck them in
basically now what you can do is you can
play around with the second layer making
it nice and poofy giving it a few you
know Hills Hills on the head etc like
here and this look is really great with
sunglasses so for example ooh let me
hear like a soul okay so anyway as you
can see the parts I've tucked in are
coming undone which gives you a great
idea to maybe loosen one side to give
you more coverage except round it's
really all just about playing around so
for example like so gives you a bit of a
scarf tied look why don't do that I
don't know anyway it's really all just
about you know letting your fingers get
to work and seeing what looks best etc
so there's that look now I'm going to
show you one more very simple look which
you probably would have figured out from
this course
hey guys so for this look cut on the
head just the same the only thing we're
going to do we're going to adjust the
length so we're going to make one side
pretty short and the ones and the other
side as long as we've quite possibly can
so for example like this now I obviously
still pin the first layer the double
layer is still happening the only thing
we've changed is we've made this like
pretty short and this side three down
long now for this look all we're going
to do and this is great for if you're
going on holidays etc and bla bla going
to do is we're going to tuck this bit
into here just do that but it might as
well then we're gonna get this long side
and we're going to flick it quite neatly
behind us like so so then you've just
got the oh I'm just leaning on my
shoulders looking all elegant and lovely
look on one side same thing applies fix
around face etc and it's very easy very
chilled out while I like to do this look
is just bring this pot spread it open a
little bit a little bit depending on how
wide your scarf is obviously and then
just letting it sort of drape very
slightly mixer and then have a bit of
necklace peeking just a peaking necklace
because that's nice obviously you can go
over the top so it's really all about
experimentation experimenting in the
nation experimenting in the nation guys
anyway I put sunglasses on wrong
khawater looser
supposed to go on this first layer only
anyway these three looks are just
hopefully going to help you guys think
of more ideas because there's so many
ways together but it's pointless doing
videos on all the ways because they're
endless and you'll just get confused and
blah blah so obviously square scoffs are
a lot easier used as turban styles or
bun styles and but you can see tutorials
for those on my previous videos and and
stuff like that so I hope that's helped
if you want to see me and hassle doing
the coke and mentos challenge then the
link will be in the description and
don't forget to subscribe to his channel
because he's started YouTube and stuff
so without further ado I
watching a select button
