hey guys so basically we're just going
on a stroll to man just shut one next to
the house you can't see anything so oh
maybe I'll just film in my mouth to show
you all the Egyptian sweeties alrighty
then then go can't you see we're wearing
our statement hoodies because I'm a good
coin middle of the road we're wearing
our statement hoodies because because
when you go for a nighttime stroll you
feel like rain hoodie yep okay
can't see anything filming mama here we
go we're in better light yeah just go
food stroll to Muhammad to get some junk
and we don't know what's going on but I
mean hasn't suddenly got a really spotty
in the same places it's good I'm Brad
that bitch right so tonight we're gonna
do an aspirin face lot of people
pipettor hey can you see it okay yeah hi
guys so I'm trying to find like original
Egyptian junk but I can't flip and find
it I'm trying to find SMS but can't even
find things called the European stuff
let's do my headed this one
is it crappy but usually they have the
original a big chocolate she wants big
food she get earlier yep
so we just came back from a little this
young Cosette to be bored here joining
us auntie sushi and then we're just
gonna chill out and watch some sube to
because Hasson only found out who was
the other day don't know what happens in
and there's Goldie - over there anyway
guys see on the next little grippy hi
guys okay so I know a lot of you guys
watch like watching cooking stuff or you
like it when bloggers do cooking stuff
so I gotta show you I'm cooking
basically my man Hassan have school and
I have to cook well I have to cook today
because mama said and she gave me
instructions to make like a Negresco
cast in the oven and buzz do to thank
you for me
so I'm boiling faster here by the way I
can't cook at all
boiling faster hear that I'm trying to
make a bechamel sauce here I don't know
relief is going correctly but I guess
when they when they find out and then
we're gonna have leftover chicken with
it
which I'm gonna break up into pieces and
make look fancy and make guys nobody
wants my cat still and it's making me
really sad anyway so I'll put on
Instagram show you what how it turns I
guess thank you bye sweetie morning guys
meet have some having a morning seat
shisha for breakfast he doesn't have
school today has his feet wiggle defeat
house I mean my PJs what's disgusting a
Fiat my facebook
I just had a cup of coffee in my in my
bag off coffee mug of coffee mug hi guys
specific enter shitty stars right it's
supposed to film a good video before
they spoil up and turn out excessively
Moody and I'm just waiting for happen
hurry up and he's taking longer than I
am I'm a girl and I've got makeup on he
does not make fun it's just taking
forever
hurry up hi guys just went to my hovel
again to get change anyway just want to
tell you see the best chocolates in the
world in Egypt bimbo bimbo bimbo and
mandolin let's chop us over SMS cadburys
was the best one button up on five any
message person keeps asking have raised
hot dogs
anyway mandolin and bin but I have these
every day okay pardis bless you worried
rather heat come around Easter time
because it's just not hot at all but the
weather's beautiful
can I just suggest that for you guys all
ready to learn in the next video
oh let me end of eat you okay so thanks
for watching until next time you covered
peace
