hi God Oh Annie's look at the lens hi
guys I'm back with another video by the
way I forgot to inform you guys that
from now on I will be trying to stick to
two uploads every week insha'Allah God
willing I can stick to that schedule I
am doing a spring summer well I don't if
it's spring summer hall but I am doing a
neither spring some from the what's new
in section at a sauce I went on their
website last night's I go on most nights
but last night in particular I stayed on
for a long time hopefully I'm gonna like
it all it's snowing outside and I'm
clearly just getting too excited for
sunny weather oh by the way the box came
stinking of weed I'm just thinking that
the guy the the delivery man was like
he's on one let's just talk about the
elephant in the room shall we and that
is my scarf style and the fact that Dena
is wearing a beanie Barry it's like a
beanie Barry it literally is so I've
worn it less like a Barry more like a
beanie over this lightweight chiffon
scarf this is a style that many hijabi
women are rocking at the moment I have
tried to avoid it for a very very long
time because I just don't ever think it
suits me but if you watch my show I just
fix myself if you watch my Instagram
stories you will know that I Dena I'm
going through a huge style crisis right
now and I'm basically fed up and bored
shitless of my style my regular scar I'm
just bored of myself there right now
I've got this mentality which is like f
it try everything Dina and hopefully
things will be more fun for me anyway I
do this every probably every two years
maybe three years actually really like
the style it's incredibly comfortable
can I just say and it's warm but my only
worry is if I grow to really like the
style how am I going to keep it up in
the summer because you can't read you a
beanie in the summer so I'm thinking I'm
gonna have to make some kind of
headpiece thing I don't know anyway
let's get straight into the hole shall
we I think I spent just under 400 pounds
and normally when I spend 350 to 400
pounds at a source you know it gets me a
lot of stuff but for some reason when
this box came I
and it briefly but I haven't opened up
the products I just felt like what have
I got to show for spending that amount
of money literally what right the first
piece of clothing is the a sauce design
soft shirt in sheer and solid in black
and I bought this in a size 14 basically
I was going through my wardrobe the
other day and I was just looking for
something really easy to wear and I was
thinking I just need like a black
oversized top but I didn't want it to be
like a sweatshirt or anything and I've
got black sweatshirts but I realized I
didn't have just a plain black nice
baggy top that I can just wear almost
every day so I was like I need to get
one of those put myself a shirt
it's got sheer panels at the bottom
which is fine because that's around the
leg area anyway but the midsection is
solid which means it's not see-through
that's the important bit for me I'm
pretty sure it's going to come in very
very handy for me oh what's this oh yes
this is the balloon bag so I bought
myself a bag now if you guys know me
really well you know that currently I
actually don't wear a bag a few of you
guys have asked me to do what's in my
bag video but I'm not gonna do that
until I actually start using about cuz
right now what I do is I just take
Hannah's little bag which is her little
spotty rucksack and in there is
everything that we need for the day
which is just two nappies a change of
clothes maybe some snacks and a drink of
water that's what's in the bag if I'm
going somewhere I need my vlog camera
and stuff I normally just put that stuff
in my pocket so normally I just have my
card with me my phone and my camera
nothing else I do want to start using
bags though for fashion reasons because
of this style rut that I'm in but also
so I can carry more things with me
because sometimes when I'm out and about
with people like if my mum has a bag on
her I'm just like oh stick that in your
bag will you I'd rather not have to do
that anyway I bought this puffer bag
that's a nice magnetic little opening
satisfying very satisfying I could do
that all day
it's good that it a sauce has come out
with a new line called four five zero
five which is like a sports line and
this bag sorry I just had a pasty this
bag is from there and I just liked the
comfort this oh I like that tag
that's a nice tag a sauce it's like a
plastic one you can't rip that off
can ya no you can't super lightweight
obviously but also feels not flim it
doesn't feel as flimsy because it's like
padded oh this is a bloody gym bag mate
I didn't realize it splits on the inside
there's a compartment here with the zip
this side and this side is only small
pocket small little pockets here I use
this mid section for like my importer
stuff camera card my stuff and then the
rest of it for Hannah stuff let's see
what it looks like shall we oh I do like
that okay the tag looks like there
but whoever I actually really like that
guy's it's huge I think I'll start using
that as of tomorrow we have an item of
clothing from my beloved a soft white
and you all know how much I love sry and
I buy the whole collection all the time
okay so I bought this in a size 12 here
it is it's a very soft denim it is
high-neck perfect for moi Mac is longer
than the front which is also perfect for
me because I cover my backside and also
the back is poppers would you think it's
just one of those tops that I think
would be very timeless and I would keep
in my wardrobe for a very very very long
time you know like awkward spring summer
weather transitions where it's sunny
outside but it's a bit chilly and but
you don't want to go full-on and wear a
jacket or a jumper I like to wear
heavier kind of tops like this they also
actually had matching trousers to go
with this but I didn't get them because
they looked like they would be quite
tight around the waist they weren't an
elastic waist or anything and I quite
like the idea of that when I'm doing
coordinated set I didn't buy the
trousers but now that I've seen the
fabric in real life it's a very very
soft denim and actually I think I'm
gonna go and buy the trousers to pair
with this top I think it would look
really nice next up we have this bamboo
bag and it's a square box e clutch
basically this style of bag is so hot a
few months ago actually some of it
they in Mothercare I just thought this
bag would be really nice in the summer
what do you think
I mean it doesn't open up that's gonna
be annoying hold on no it's not my arm
fits my own fits oh it's a bit Scratchy
I don't know I felt like I needed a
bamboo bag in my bag collection so I got
this and I really like it in fact did
you think it goes with this outfit no
not really
maybe that is so cute look at it look
how nice it looks with plants and blinds
shoes hold on
so basically I saw these flip-flops
sandals I want I want them now and
Verdi's and also the chunky sole that we
just talked about chunky soles Oh
guys I have been trying for so long to
get my hands on the Balenciaga ugly
sneakers they just released two new
colors and they sold out within like a
few hours or a day or something stupid
and I couldn't get my hands on it I need
anything in my life
it's so hard to get hold of and I'm not
a height beast by the way Dena is just
the biggest unhype beast on the planet
when I saw those trainers angel oh now I
even said to says yo these shoes these
sneakers are speaking to my soul I've
always loved that kind of ugly you
guys know that sometimes I wear things
and you're like yo what the she
never wanted a pair of trainers so badly
in my life
that's how much I want them anyway we
have I can't remember by the way guys
I'm wearing dungarees what this is also
a soft white and it's a t-shirt with a
green belt I bought it in a size 14 it's
very wide oh I like about it is on the
back it has a waist band and here is the
belts oh very stretchy Eddie nice
that'll work yeah I did it well so
basically you bring the belt round here
like that don't ya and then you tie it
like all fancy and then you've got a
nice green waist
what do you think nice a nice easy black
top but something a bit different with
that nice green belt I thought made
Just Jeans maybe laying with a white
t-shirt underneath and then there's
fluffy sandals I don't know something
like that my dungarees are a bit tight
you see now without fail whatever season
it is the time shopping for there will
always be some kind of sweatshirts in
the shopping list a hundred percent
always buy sweatshirts and I will not
stop it's my favorite thing on the
planet this is a monkey sweatshirt and
it's either size extra-large oh it's the
monkey cares range I didn't know monkey
did that there's my own boss and it has
a hi there Oh next I bought some wellies
it rains a lot in england and i love
glitter
I really do you like my shiny boots also
I thought you'd be cute because Hannah
loves wellies so we could wear fun
weddings together where do you reckon
nice another top from a soft white
they've actually called it a shirt
breast but to me it's a top I got this
in a size 12 I really love the
minimalistic kind of design of this
shirt it's got quite a few panels I just
thought was really cool it's almost like
a trench jacket actually but shirt
fabric one of these calls these panel
lapels and then it's buttoned here quite
like this my plan for this top was to
wear it actually with trousers that I
have in the same color and then I wanted
to others Balenciaga trainers with it or
something like that I couldn't find
anything so actually I ended up buying
these that I found on Zara but they
haven't arrived yet
I'll just show you on camera though I
ended up getting these which you can't
see because they have the knot here and
this is a nice horse haul also Oh next
up we have oh just go on the floor then
I bought red socks guys I ordered what
the Oasis is taking the mint because I
swear to god I ordered sunglasses and a
pink top guys I'm pretty sure I ordered
this sweatshirt from ASOS white as well
I remember having it in my checkout
because that's the reason that I bought
the red socks but it hasn't arrived and
I've had
on my bag and it wasn't there so I need
to order that for next day delivery now
gonna get that in a size 10 by the way
oh maybe it was in my bag for more than
an hour by the time I picked everything
else and so they took that off as well
as the sunglasses that I ordered maybe
okay
I've ordered that as well I ordered
these socks which online look bright
pink can I just say but they've arrived
and they are bright red totally not what
I wanted I wanted a hot pink go with
those to go with that pink top so
they're like where's the pink sheets I
ordered what is a sauce doing this haul
is unfinished how are we look guys hold
on a spoon
pink is bad where to go and I also
ordered these to go with the pink socks
but they haven't come and they're not in
my basket these are the socks I ordered
clearly look hot pink not bright right
all right I bought also very late to the
party with it it's these Sigma glove for
cleaning your brushes what anyway it
smells like weed doesn't it yes not the
weed I don't know someone got high in my
room I realized that I need one of these
gloves to scrub my brushes on pretty
much put it on like this and it's got
all the ridges everything have a closer
look if you don't have it because you're
slow like me and then I thought about
guys now I'm not a big belt person case
you have noticed because I don't have a
waist I know it makes you look like I
have a waist but I always think I mean I
always like belts from the front but
never from the side that's all the back
I hate belts from the back cuz I don't
like my shape from the back but anyway I
bought this belt because it looks like a
Gucci ripoff and I quite like that look
really I think that might be a bit too
big to kind of stick around my waist
which is a bit annoying but I'll just
punch some more holes in I could
potentially wear it with that a soft
white t-shirt that has the green belt so
it's like a double belt situation or
maybe I could wear it with I don't know
are the belt herbal clothes then we have
some
earrings I also always buy earrings from
ASOS these ones I love because they
remind me of like vintage Versace
do you like gum nice innit guys the last
two things I bought is actually makeup
and you guys know if you watch my vlogs
anyway that I like glossy eyelids and
I've been using castor oil to get that
effect I haven't done that today by the
way a sauce has its own makeup line as
well I didn't know that do you want me
to do at first impressions or a full
face of only a sauce makeup these are
meaner or inna I don't know how you say
it I love this brand is how it looks and
if you just open it up it's like a
spongy thing oh you just twirl it up I
guess oh here we go
right let's have a go I'm gonna try it
well I like it it is being glossy
actually may because I've got concealer
on my eyelids and eye shadow though it's
not giving me the full effect okay so
here my eyelids you can treat L hold on
a minute I just pushed it up like crazy
and half the product is gone guys look
how much I just pushed up and literally
half it's gone what's going on there
what the f is that about guys look how
much I just pushed up compared to the
one that I haven't even opened yet how I
have not used half of it on my lids in
one application let's just try this one
while we're here might being dumb it's
gonna be a stupid can you kind of see
that not really anyway that just reminds
me I really want to try glossy err the
makeup brand as well I haven't tried any
of their products so I'm thinking maybe
I'll save it for a first impressions
video let me know if you want to see
that as well that's everything I got
guys I'm pretty sure I like everything
except for those stupid red socks that
was supposed to be pink and I'm just a
bit annoyed that some things didn't
arrive because clearly they went in my
checkout because I was browsing online
for that long sorry pardon me for being
rude it was not me it was my food it
just popped up to say hello
now it's gone back down below Hannah's
recently learnt that and it's really
cute every time she bits and every time
I burp she's like mama you burped you
better sing that song anyway guys let me
know if you want me to check out what's
new on other websites that's it I'll see
you on the next video till next time
