hi guys my name is Dee Dee Takia and I'm
about to draw my life see ya I was born
in Egypt to an English Liverpudlian mum
and an Egyptian dad I have a twin sister
that I almost murdered during her
arrival into the world basically my cord
was wrapped around her neck and
strangled in her which led to my mum
having a cesarean to get us
troublemakers out we've literally been
fighting ever since we were born I was
originally called new but that changed
thankfully imagine a new Tokyo no not
too cool I don't think anyway we stayed
in Egypt for the first seven years of
our lives me and my sister and our
completely different non identical as
well we've never really got on like
normal brothers and sisters do but there
are good days and there are bad our
arguments can get so big over such petty
things like who took his clothes and bla
bla bla bla la anyway we went to primary
school in Egypt the same school my mum
taught English in and sometimes she was
our teacher I don't really have that
many memories of these first seven years
but I know they were fun a lot of
seaside holidays visiting England every
year too we have my cousins who are
basically our age to hang out with and
our longest friend Khadijah that we're
still mates with today whenever I think
of Khadijah I remember Nintendo games
and Super Mario and Tekken anybody else
remember those during these first seven
years of my life I remember being
taunted by one of our family friends
with big plastic creepy-crawlies being
chased around their house with them this
is probably where my huge fear of creepy
croupe of creepy crawlies especially
spiders stemmed from I know my Egyptian
Arabic used to be fluent sadly it's
gotten less Egyptian like and more
foreign like over the years but at least
I can still speak read and write the
language handily noticed the heart and
hand alert because executed a bit here
how about a minute where's this when we
were 7 we decided to move back to
England because the company my dad
worked for an Egypt web bust so in
London he started his trading business
selling Egyptian goodies to fascinated
Londoners we joined year 2 primary
school in horse ndon primary school and
we literally live next door to the
school gates so getting to school was
majorly easy primary school was so fun I
was such a tomboy
used to play a lot of football and rugby
with the boys I remember having a match
Muslims against non-muslims once I also
remember my best friend Nisha chapter
who I still happen to be in contact with
today hi Anisha
I also remember Stephanie my footy
partner school was great I was confident
a loudmouth and flipping love PE and
drama I used to want to be an
archaeologist because I love digging up
things and searching for treasures and
ancient history stuffs my brother Yusuf
was born somewhere around this time then
it came to High School where we went to
an all-girls school and in Wilkinson
most of our friend joined us so it was
alright but I can't say that I enjoyed
it much found it a little bit weird
walking into a classroom at lunchtime to
find two girls making out and I remember
a lot of dead longlegs everywhere which
always freaked their hell out of me I
think Hasson my other younger brother
was born around this time he was
supposed to be Hamza but we ended up
calling him Hassan after my kid to
granddad Alya Hamill I think we were
only there for a year or so and then my
family I decided to move back to good
old Cairo
my mum had got herself a new teaching
job there me and my sister went to visit
the school and get our uniforms we found
out we have to wear these weird skirt
pant things that we had huge Tantrums
over we all freaked out everyone
including the parents and we all decided
to move straight back to London when we
got to London the rent for crappy houses
went up and one day my dad visited
Cardiff he came back and said hey
Cardiff looks nice and the houses are
way nicer and more affordable than
London ones so we moved I remember my
mum sitting us down and telling my
sister and I that school was probably
going to be really posh in Wales and
that we might have to wear skirts how
wrong she was we went to high school
joined mid year seven and
then that we were introduced to pure
Nutter Chavez haha high school was good
my sister and I formed a group of
friends it was me my sister
Desiree he was the biggest diva in the
group there was a diva the Brainiac
there was I should the beautiful one and
there was Katie the hilarious one from
the valleys I still keep in contact with
all of them now but only now and then
because everyone's doing such different
things in their lives this group of
friends has really what made high school
amazing we were always laughing like
hyenas around school and I have so many
good memories with our little
multicultural group my favorite subjects
were history and textiles I created my
own little clothing brand concept it was
called unleaded and I flippin loved it I
got Desiree the diva to model for me and
she's also model now as well by the way
and if I find some old pictures of the
designs that I made then I'll show you
cuz that would be quite funny
Deji agree anyway I went through a bit
of bullying but nothing really major
just some idiots you kept pulling my
scoff off despite them being Muslims and
despite their moms also wearing hijab
idiots the usual group of popular girls
that think they're God's gift poking fun
at girls who haven't quite matured as
quickly as yet and now it's those
popular girls who have well let's not go
to that so yeah okay um you get my gist
during high school I was also having a
constant battle with my weights I was
never really fat fat but I was always
chubby and a bit beastly I was also
bulimic but I could go on forever about
that so I suggest you watched a you
watch sorry a video that I already made
about it and I will leave the link below
for you anyway it was time for college
half the group then split to go to
actual college and me I shot and a
Deaver stayed in school for six form I
ended up taking Business Studies English
literature and language and product
design for my a-levels we also had to do
the Welsh baccalaureate as an extra
thing anyway I messed around a lot and I
didn't really do my best
especially in Portland design during
high school I was great at textiles and
arts loving my teacher mrs. Pope so when
I hit a levels I got a bit big-headed
and slapped Lille I did poor miss Purps
headin there was also miss Jones who I
think I did her head in a bit too but
it's all good anyway I just scraped
through I don't really know why I took
Business Studies I found it absolutely
pointless and the most
boring subject ever I could go on and on
but I don't want to insult any teachers
long time to apply for uni didn't have a
clue I wanted to do fashion wasn't an
option at that time I thought they would
be full of inappropriate people and a
hijab' wouldn't fit in so I chose
psychology thinking that it would be
juicy kind of interesting learning about
how weirdos minds the work I was wrong
it was a bunch of science lessons rolled
into one
majorly snoozing off in lectures or
maybe I just wasn't patient enough I
don't think I was ready for you near 89
I mean in high school sorry um and
during a levels spoon-feeding is
standard but I didn't realize that until
I have to figure everything out for
myself
uni I didn't like it and I only made one
friend to me it was crap so I left I'm
the kind of person and where if I find I
can't do something in the first five
minutes I give up or freak out
completely
anyway I took a year out and worked a
Vodafone call center I got fatter
because sitting around all day answering
customer complaints makes you fat I was
there for a year and a half and
eventually left because I thought I was
getting the sack for my poor attendance
I went from call centre to call center
working and then went back to uni to
study religious and theological studies
I studied Hebrew and Islamic studies for
a year and then when I when it came to
the second year and I realized I didn't
want to do this so I left and I went
back to girls Anders honestly I think I
worked in about five call centres all
together anyway then I thought I'd go to
uni for a final time and chose to study
humanities it was the only degree I
could pretty much choose what I wanted
to do in so I took a few art modules and
then I took English teaching modules
where I lent teach English to foreigners
I did the creative writing module - I
enjoyed my English modules and my art
one but not enough to continue to second
year I was about to carry on but when it
came to second year the modules I really
wanted to do were clashing in timetable
so I just thought saw this and left
around that time I bet the man who is
now lefty on say he was studying motion
design at uni and used to help me out
with my Photoshop modules turns out I
already knew his sisters I just didn't
know that they had a brother and I have
someone at there so the first day of
second year uni came about and I was on
the phone to her fiance and told him I'm
leaving uni and I'm going to start
designing clothes and sticking them up
on the Internet at this point I thought
long and hard about what I really loved
doing and it was then that I had
remembered my textiles lessons in high
school and how much I enjoyed them he
thought I should go for it and helped me
so much along the way he set up my
Facebook fan page which is where all
began really and he's been supportive
and helped me with absolutely everything
ever since that leads me to here - and a
bit years later still doing the
designing of blogging things actually
the first hitch every youtuber I ever
came across was yes fab 89 I couldn't
believe there was a hijab' on the
internet and I couldn't get over how
they were so many Muslims in America the
hot parts of America as well you know
the glam pop was only when you guys
asked for me to join YouTube that I did
half way drawing deer turn cueing I was
still working in a call center by the
way because it's only in the past year
that I've been able to make doing what I
love into a living
two years ago my mum moved to Egypt to
work in a school teaching it was an
offer she couldn't refuse and she took
my young brothers along with her I
decided to move to Egypt for four months
sometime in the past year and a half and
got myself a teaching job there I was a
class teacher for grade three kid grade
three kids this was an amazing
experience and it taught me a lot whilst
I was in Egypt teaching I was also
designing a collection of one of pieces
I went back to Cardiff afterwards and
still plotted along until just last
summer when I thought to myself I'm
moving to London I found an all-girls
Muslim shared house that I can't say was
a great experience with all its illegal
nests but I met one of my closest
friends so her belani Sahab Lonnie who
recently joined YouTube the mad
Australian chick with the biggest heart
and personality in the world my eight
months in London was great I did a lot
of styling a personal shopping work and
I relaunched lazy doll there too anyway
when I got engaged I decided to move
back to Cardiff to save money for low
wedding and live with the family um
before I am no longer a singleton and
basically that's where I'm at now still
plodding along and I have so many plans
and ideas for the future for you guys
but all in good time inshallah big hugs
and kisses to everyone who supported me
from day one until next time keep it
covered peace
