hi guys jungle Ruiz three ways to air
them if I like how I look in the video
because right now this camera brings up
too much beautiful like you guys see me
like nothing so basic Oh God three ways
to wear them might be four so this is
the first look now I've got my normal
aviator glasses on um I've got a lazy
dog off it's one of the ombre ones but
I've hidden the ombre so I can just use
it as a plainly black one apologies for
the creases added that I knit this lo
necklace is um what God it's forever 21
of course now this little polo t-shirt
I'm wearing if it's bat is a vintage one
from vintage vintage lace e.com now I
haven't updated lace dolled up calm
vintage vintage in a very long time and
I won't be updating any new vintage
items until I'm back from Egypt which
won't be until the end of April and
Charlotte and same goes for the scoffs
the loads of ombre colors coming in as
well as and I don't know I don't know
what went about as well as the t-shirts
I know the teachers have been a bit of
delay but the old Keep Calm t-shirts
will be coming back as well as and two
new one
Charlotte but anyway so it's all
happening in May basically all right
control law
so anyway these dungarees I bought from
a sauce I'm on line that and they were
45 pounds and you know to me they're
just perfect because I love the denim
ones um however um I think more denim I
wouldn't Black Sea in that story and
I've had these for about a month but I
didn't have a chance to wear them
because of the UK weather and all that
stuff so yeah jewelry is very simple and
I've just got my Casio it kind of goes
with the 90s retro maybe bit 80s feel
now if I just get up and show you the
rest of the outfit then that would be a
really good idea right and out
you know he said these are what the
jungle is look like very nice baggy kind
of casual fans Abbi dozy so they are the
new ballast trainers which were also
from ASOS and I don't know why the
cameras wonky so I'm a tripod and
everything but wider slanted someone
tell me I don't know what to do anyway
these were 60 pounds and their nerve now
New Balance used to be like a really sad
kind of trainer but now then we cool
them at her service did they bill
Donny will probably make a comeback too
if any of you guys remember those anyway
back to me then hmm
look number one I forgot to show you the
bags though one sec so here is the bag
this bag let me tell you the story is it
is Vegas yes this bag is about mm 20
years old and it's my dad's and when he
used to travel a lot and he got it free
from Swissair Airport and I just love it
I think it's got a really great vintage
vibe to it that's the closet is vintage
um but there you go and there's nothing
in it now but when I go out there will
be something in it so there's the look
guys all right let's go just a nice
casual kind of um spring look I think
now we're going to look number two
favorite hi guys okay so for look number
two again don't mind the creases in the
t-shirt it was packed in my Egypt
suitcase and I had to quickly get out um
so basically I'm going for the
black-and-white look just been around
for a while but it's kind of also a
timeless um trend that will always kind
of be in I guess
but anyway I'm wearing the ombre scarf
the correct way around with the ombre on
show now this is actually out of stock
and it has been for a while but by the
time I'm back from Egypt in chat a lot
it will be back okie dokie um and what
I've just done for this look is I've
added a nice deep kind of red lippy that
I've showed you in my lipstick video and
this tutorial as well is similar to the
latest one you know just a few
adjustments that you guys will most
likely be able to figure out yourself
I'm sorry about the whiteness I will get
a tan while LM away inshallah and the
necklace is the eye of the tiger um one
from lace Telecom also now this t-shirt
is from Asda and it's boys size size 14
fifteen or something like that um and
then I just got a normal black long
sleep I'm uh problem to me and anyway so
for this look it's more of a kind of
it's more of a ladylike look I suppose
possibly for us for an evening out
evening meal I would say so I'll just
show you guys i am wearing heels
they'll be wear so this is all I'm done
warm the t-shirt quite baggy tucked in
let the arm you know these bits you know
dangle and all that whoo and I'm just
using this clutch bag which is actually
from a charity shop and it's the only
bag - a rucksack and my hand luggage is
that I will be taken to Egypt so you'll
see a lot okay okay so here are my heels
and they are from new look and I've been
eyeing them up for a while um white on
the side black on the front and I really
do love them I think they're great for
spring and they will pretty much match
any anything so they go they are the
heels that I've paired with them
and they're only 20 22 pounds I believe
so that's that look guys um what you say
um yeah a lot of you guys might be
thinking why didn't I just filmed this
in Egypt and the reason for that is
because I'm not going to take my
dungarees to Egypt or any of the items
I'm using other than the clutch bag and
the jewelry and the scarf
basically I'm not taking my dungarees
and heels with me to Egypt because Egypt
you know like it like a comfortable
holiday Eddie you just don't have time
it kind of do these things so you know
anyway on to the next look probably the
final look - oh sorry guys one thing I
did forget to mention sorry where's the
focus theater where's the book is that
it's always cool to have a nice kind of
varsity jacket even though mine's not
varsity it's um hmm but you know this
style kind of jacket um kind of just
like hanging on your shoulders you know
cuz you're so cool it's always good to
wear one of these as well with dungarees
they just look fantastic just give
quick looking looking really cool kind
of casual ladylike chic look cuz in the
heels you get me yeah alright so just
another tip there okay
yes favorite look um I feel like it's
really really cute girly look and I love
oversized jackets because it means you
don't have to carry a bag it doesn't
mean not to carry bag but I feel like
when you go for an oversized jacket it
looks really good of that back anyway um
so I'm wearing the same scarf apologies
I'm going to black off all of them but
you know sometimes it's just best to
keep it simple anyway I added a bow onto
my scarf I don't know why unusually like
the last person in the whole wide world
ever to add any accessories onto a scarf
on my head but I just felt like this
kind of bow looked really cute with this
outfit anyway then I'm wearing the blank
blank necklace from lace dalkom and I've
got this huge oversized vintage blazer
over the top and so basically what I've
done is this look is worn the dungarees
exactly how they should be worn with
both of the straps whatever they're
called and done up and just a plain
black top underneath very you just worn
them exactly how they are suppose you
want to get oversized jacket over the
top because the kind of then just looks
like a jumpsuit or like just cool baggy
kind of boyfriend trousers that kind of
thing so I'll just do that I'll have it
anyway so here the jungus just closed
jacket and it looks like you're just
wearing my spider trousers if you know
what I mean but we're going to open the
jacket for now I think and have the
hands in pockets cause that's cooler um
so yes that's the end look guys oh the
shoes ease um nice big wedge heels with
a little strap with a skinny strap
I love these in they're so comfortable
they're only 25 pounds from peacocks so
they go anyway check out days of calm
for photos of the outfit and um yes a
lot of you guys are saying oh my god
why are you doing accesses like the
Muslim movement over blah blah blah
whatever I've been doing accents on my
videos ever since like I ever started
youtube ever in the whole wide world
ever and even before that with my family
so if I feel like breaking into an
American accent
then I'm going to okay you know even my
English accent that I've got on now is
in how I normally talk if you like hear
me on my cake videos when I'm just
talking normally I'm a lot more you know
less posh I think if this just comes out
when I film because I'm kind of taking
the mick out myself just scoffs a lot
nicer in real life then on camera and
it's similar to my latest tutorial but a
little bit different it's not really
working tutorial about kind of ish
I don't know actually is worth because
it's totally different cuz it's one side
yes I will do tutorial soon um in Egypt
hopefully in Tala um like if you are too
sure
anyway I really have to go now so thanks
for watching and till next time you've
covered peace
