hi guys okay um so please don't mind the
bear fence or have no no coupon because
today's video is going to be my facial
cleansing routine and I decided to do
this video because I need to do a
sitting down kind of in front the camera
video because I'm still yet to get used
to getting the angles correct etc on
this camera is it moving without me
knowing oh my god it is let's go down
okay has been requested a lot anyway um
so what you need to do is you need to
wake up and Sharla and Jim plea to not
do anything with your face other then uh
would be obviously I didn't years ago
Megan need for this video is um a bowl
preferably a were a heatproof bowl or
plastic one but not too plastic cuz
it'll melt with five make sense anyway
so and maybe a bit bigger than this
because you need to be able to do that
but um yes I can't find it so I'm just
gonna make do this then you can need a
tea towel um a good looking tea towel
obviously because we're fashionistas so
we like pretty things okay yeah funny
now you can go last but not least what
you're gonna do is you can need a kettle
and is that the right way yes and it's
funny because when I took this from
downstairs my dad was like Athena and
it's rubbish a is there I was like don't
worry daddy
barbar I will bring it back up back
downstairs once I'm done with it anyway
so now what you can do is you're gonna
fill up your kettle boil the water and
then you're going to pull the water in
this bowl and then you're going to come
back over here and I will show you what
else to do
Ready Steady Go oh hey sauna
oh my god calm breathe and basically
what you will feel is a lot of heat and
sweats coming down your face and your
pores opening up and that's what happens
there basically so you can do this for a
few minutes if you can hear me not too
long though because you don't to
suffocate do you now what you've got is
you've squeezed all the business out
then what I do and get a mask this is a
deep cleansing mask three-in-one and
it's called blue corn from the body shop
hold on let's try to the focus shall we
there we go it's called blue hold on
blue corn there we go now focus back to
me
okay so all you gonna do is you gonna
open it up and what I do then is I put
some on my face now this is my sister's
thanks to Z she's going to go crazy when
she sees this because I don't share
anything with her like my fantasy
shampoo no don't share that with her
nope
really terrible on time Terrell Fisher
anyway so putting that everywhere and I
kind of like to scrub it in a little I
don't know if that's correct or not but
putting that everywhere face face face
facial business so remember I only do
this like once a week if that basically
yeah
so then I'm just gonna leave it on my
face like so for about another 15
minutes ten minutes
wherever you feel really and then I'm
just going to wash off with cold water
and that will be the end of my cleansing
routine - the moisturizing afterwards so
suppose all you can do now is um you can
just wait for 15 minutes okay but
something else by the way look at the
phone I'm using nowadays vintage baby
yeah you know some may argue I've taken
vintage to another level but I think
it's really cool like you know I mean
it's like the new thing I'm only joking
I'm using it because on my other phone
we've got some difficulties so until I
get that sorry that you know I gotta use
the bandage okay okay I believe we're
just about done waiting full of face to
freeze up and now what we're going to do
is gonna go rinse it and then I'll be
back to show you what moisturizer I like
to use okay hi guys okay so um cleanse
my face still a bit blotchy but I'll
guard Dipel good anyway so we have a
choice of three moisturizers that I do
like using here we go number one we have
Dubbs
summer glow moisturizer and that is um
basically one that has a hint of self
tanning agents but gradually builds
light time so when I look in a bit brown
I used a bit too much of this okay I
think it's really recommended for face
but it says Beauty Body Lotion
your face is your body so you know okay
and then we have Olay essentials
complete care normal slash oily SPF 15
day fluid let's let's do that let's do
the things Hal we go go holla holla
holla holla yeah lately I've been using
the dual action moisturizer oil-free by
clean and clear and that one is really
fantastic for my spotty skin so that's
what I'm gonna be using today all righty
here we go
fantastic enema strike oh my girl
fan-freaking-tastic you know yeah that's
the end of my little facial baby so I
hope you've enjoyed that for next time
keep it covered peace
