I'm back with another video okay so
today's video I said on my Instagram
that I was gonna jump on the challenge
bandwagon and bandwagon and do the I
tried solar cells makeup tutorial video
and I said I would do a Nicki tutorials
makeup tutorial attempt because I always
watched nikkietutorials I normally just
watch purely for like all factor I'm
watching I'm like wow because her makeup
is literally probably the most flawless
on the internet and also in real life I
have seen her in real life and her
makeup is exactly the same which is
really saying something cuz most a time
when you meet people they know their
makeup doesn't look like it does in the
pictures so I'm gonna follow her most
recent tutorial she did a get glam with
me and cooled the glow around the world
I think because she's doing a slight
vlog with it so I'm talking about her
like recent shenanigans
please remember that d√∂ner doesn't have
anywhere near as much makeup tutorials
does so anyway okay so I've been using
recently the ordinary natural
moisturizing cream so I'm just gonna put
that on my face and hope it does the
same as the only cloths
yeah Nicki sorry okay I don't have the
shameless foundation by Marc Jacobs and
because I didn't buy it and I'm not on
their PR list I'm actually gonna go for
the estee lauder double wear nude
foundation fake just went all over my
table I'm not even like using my brain
right now oh my god guys I got
foundation all over my fingers I hate
getting
see with makeup I might have to get
another foundation okay I'm gonna get
the Lancome Tammy doll ultra where oh
god it's a pump yes there we go that's a
bit lighter bit better see this is the
problem this is not a full tutorial but
I do the latest we do things wrong I
think it's even harder if you're
following tutorials to be fair definite
hundred percent harder a stipple brush
under my eyes that's making my eyes
water Nicki
you must have Isaac's feel loved wow
I've never won this much makeup in my
entire life and it's only the base wow I
look like I'm doing the Brahms the only
challenge or something guys if you've
ever met me in real life have you gone
away thinking you know that Deena does
not look like she does on the Internet
just be honest I don't mind if you have
hopefully you've gone away thinking oh
she looks better in real life probably
not but okay this is way too much
foundation than I would ever ever put on
my face any kind of base whatsoever I
would never even wear this much go into
a proper event like I would never
actually put that much on but in the
mirror it's not looking bad I know on
camera it looks absolutely horrific okay
go are you powdering what are you doing
okay okay hold on I need to do my brows
like hers she didn't show us how to do
it but I'll do it and good thing I don't
have to use an angled brush for this and
I'm gonna have to not use a powder I
think looks like anyway eyebrows are
looking quite dark so I'm gonna take
this wonder brow and you can take that
orange flawless like she does make my
brows longer and more curved like Nicki
I'm even gonna get her accent I met her
at a YouTube rewind shoot and basically
I was like oh wow oh yeah you came all
the way from America to shoot that's
amazing she was like I don't live in
America
does everybody else have a misconception
about Nikki that she lives in America
all that she's American
but she's actually from the Netherlands
okay I can't remember again well she's
how much I listen what a cow or a cow I
am the darker and then light fighter
putting more length to mine
hold on let me darken the ends as well
before we see what she does next
what have I done Dena Oh No how am I
gonna fix this tell me let's just run
with it the whole point is obviously I'm
gonna look different wow this pomade is
so creamy super pigmented guys okay yeah
yeah sure sure
let's just just do it yeah blending wise
people intuition wise richness wise I'm
gonna be priming with the makeup
revolution consumo okay fine full
coverage conceal and cover concealer
okay she's priming her eyelids with the
revolution concealer which I have
because I tested it in a video recently
that I hasn't even gone up but it's
gonna go up after this one I think so I
just put this on how she doing it oh
she's not even using this damn wait wait
okay wait Niki just freaking wait a
second girl who says she's spreading it
out evenly okay it's going all the way
up to her brows it is okay no this kind
of work finally I'm using shades see
fall which is the lightest one I have
because I'm trying to look as much like
Nicki as I can I don't know what shade
she's using whatever well I thought my
makeup was like hard there's a reason
there is a reason there is only one
nikkietutorials there is a reason
because it will just and the magic trick
behind this is you don't set this with a
face powder huh no it sounds so
unnatural will you take high coverage
concealer and I know Paige Louise is
coming out with her own ways and then go
straight in with your shadow this is
gonna get the nose pigmentation out of
the shadow this is gonna get the most
color payoff the best blending so not
sending it with the face product I know
but I first did it I was like but but
but but what I tried it and I never went
back like I'm in love with this
technique i'ma go in with this red shade
first called wait well done okay she's
gonna go in with red now so I need to
get a move on okay the reddest I have is
gonna be nothing like this shit the
register I have is this Mina eyeshadow
her color is so strong okay so she just
put it in the corner there I see that
that's not bad that's question Gary Utah
let me tell you when I got invited for
this
I was like yeah keep talking cuz I'm so
blending nothing wrong with Utah it's
just not one of those places that you
think of when you think of like places
I'm gonna do quite high because she has
- I'm nowhere near finished but I
already know this is gonna be the
biggest makeup fail of my entire life
good quite high up to the brow so I'm
just doing that while she's telling us
about her trip you do this so I did a
full glam makeup I curled my hair I
tease my hair I put my outfit on I had
jewelry on my nails were painted and
snatched I was ready for this photo ops
so then we get to the car and we see
backpacks and we're like
so I was excited I was a garis hiking
doing this and it was so much fun and
then we walk upon this mountain and the
tour guide goes all right ladies this is
your time to open the backpack and let's
get the gear out and I'm like get the
gear out and yes indeed there is a
helmet there's a harness and there's
like a little Clippy things oh no you
need to wait there cuz I Idina have
never done that in my life okay this is
where I'm gonna fail hardcore cuz I've
got way deeper I okay I'm also just
gonna fail because I'm shit way too
quick for me oh look it's already gone
up into my thing guys this is gonna have
to be the subtle version if I'm gonna
get away with doing this
okay so she took a shimmering white from
that mad palette that she's got which I
clearly don't but I do have just a plain
white which is also meaner that I could
try first and then try putting some kind
of shimmer on it maybe I'll try that
probably I'm gonna have to do this on
the other eye she using a liquid on her
lid it looks like not like powder
hold on oh yeah go back with my red with
my red good no way I can it's no way
again it could work though
it could work if I - watch this first I
figured out what I was gonna use it
could have worked basically guys
preparation is key to watching -
following in nikkietutorials video okay
I have a white shimmery jelly thing and
it's called basically tr eyeliner and
it's like some Korean brand I got ages
ago I'm gonna use that okay Nicki let's
use them that's more like it guys okay I
don't want to put my eyelid up too much
because it fuck we already did
oh I'm excited now there's a potential
of this working okay just don't put your
eyelid up Tina because it will go
everywhere it's just not a drag does
need more register ok guys I'm just
gonna leave this to dry a little bit
okay and let's just see what she's doing
next while we let it dry
come on oh my god
she wants to I need to try find an
orange iodine I found a NYX vivid bright
bright orange eyeliner when this dries I
am attempting whatever you're doing I'm
tired I feel like I need a lunch break
let's attempt this neon orange line
before anything else happens because
it's not actually really neon like hers
but wherever ilding it's nowhere near as
bright as Nicki's but I don't have to do
okay that's literally gonna have to do
it's nowhere near neon like Nicki's but
I'm kind of happy about that because
then you can't see all the bad stuff and
then I could actually just blend the
eyeshadow in so basically this orange
eyeliner didn't thing and you kind of
see look I tried to do a line like okay
now Nicky's going on to her lower lash
line let's try and follow that Luke yes
okay she's going for really bluey blue
at the bottom so I need to get my bluest
blue which is probably this blue one in
some NYX palette I have so I'm just
gonna follow very very good point Nicky
we're in my case even when you put the
lashes on it so it's quite a thick lower
line and she's good
when did she do her little corner
highlight please you didn't do it on
camera Nicky okay she didn't say what
she used for her inner corner but I'm
gonna use what she did for the middle
lid thing so I'm gonna put some white
here and then I'm gonna put the shiny
shit
does that work it does not work on me so
our makeup looks need to just stay on
some people they're not for everybody
okay
well I'll have to do what you doing next
and then I was like the blue is to
contrast see compared to like what's
going on top okay
okay so she went away and then
miraculously came back with lashes a
wing and then turns out the blue was two
contrasting compared to everything else
so she added purple on the ends and then
pink over here so I basically need to go
and do all of that shit I will need to
concentrate now guys so I'm just gonna
leave you guys there exactly what I said
that's what I said
where's the damn pink fish do some damn
pink at least I got pink
I'm tired of the shit I'm tired of this
shit already oh
I did not know makeup could make me so
angry so angry
well she said she put pink eye all got
let the pink up to me I'm gonna get Kat
Von D tattoo liner she needs to save me
on this because this wing that Nikki
does isn't even Dina's regular wings too
hard
basically I am about to just have some
lunch it's not nice it do you fancy me
No do you fancy barely lies Deena you
know I never asked you for anything okay
but for the love of god can you stop
putting the sliced bread in the freezer
no it was going off so I have to so it
made me as that way let me eat quick if
I'm gonna carry on with this shit what
is it what did you make
she's a pickle the best sandwich in the
world none of this makes my eyes look I
can't even see the finish line let me
just see what she does next why me
I have to put gold up there instead I'm
taking my orange liquid liner pen I'm
dipping it into this gold powder no not
really not really working now listen
Nicky nobody has yellow why would anyone
ever need yellow this is mega festival
party why isn't it
I've never been to a festival okay guys
that's one I done I'm gonna do a Nicky
just did she went off camera and she
came back with the second I miraculously
done exactly like the first one so I'm
gonna go try and do the same shit wish
me luck you in about three hours I am
back with the other I complete phew gosh
I must be honest with you
shit I've got to the inner corner
highlight shit it's not complete one sec
I must be honest with you it took a lot
quicker than the first i let's carry on
this till the rest of the face remember
that yeah okay I don't have more jiggled
so what bronzer shall I use my favorite
bronzer ever on the planet is the NARS
one is finished it's finished need you
don't need to get another one oh I
thought that brush Niki hold on to let
me use the same brush
the first thing I have Mariga jebbie
inspired by is Nicki March it is oh
she's going on to blush already guys I
don't know I'm gonna go for this mad
pinkie one that I have which is 117
I don't think I'm gonna use this for the
blush okay I need to find a soft pink
blinding this oh I know
ah Maybelline total temptation palette
which I also tried out in my next video
that you'll see has a really nice
highlighter shade it's more of a lie
lucky blinding prime darker so a brush
layer she's using a huge highlighter
brush it I've got to use this blusher
brush and then for lips I have the brand
new Fenty Beauty lipsticks right here I
got a fancy she contoured her nose
I'm highlighted it without showing us
hold on no Nicki I need to contour my I
need to catch up
are you working work I actually want my
nose to look different I want it to look
like whoa
Deena got a nose job I don't think I
even have up to no good
I don't have up to no good Nicki let's
see what the color looks like oh very
nice I found a shade that I hopefully
would be similar that only problem is
the application is going to be totally
different a smashbox one and it is in
nude beach so let's try that
hopefully it's similar kind of we're
gonna have to work i'm actually gonna
use a bit of single as well well just
put a fancy beauty gloss over the top
there we go can't go wrong the fence of
beauty where there Nicki said to do or
not I've just about had it to be here
okay guys I'm actually just gonna go and
fix my scarf to make this whole look a
little bit more presentable and I'll be
right back now back I tried to do a
different scarf style because I feel
like this makeup look is so festival and
so tropical so I tried to do like oh you
know this kind of things lizard
ponytails everywhere Wow anyway this is
the final makeup look guys this was one
of the most stressful videos I've ever
filmed in my entire life yeah probably
um
Posie busy person I think I'm just gonna
stick to just watching Nicki for
therapeutic entertainment reasons but
not I I mean realistically Wednesday net
ever gonna go out like this I can go
crazy on the clothes but I can't go
crazy on the face thanks for watching
see you in the next video
