already
today's video is a favorites video no
I'm not gonna say what month favorite is
because I've left it for so long that
there are many months that's have not
had any favorites in them so this is
just favorites for the past few weeks
even if that so you know so the first
favorite is um nails tada
they're not fake nails obviously I'm
just showing you nail but basically a
nail polish Inglot nail polish to be
precise the Hallel Muslim nail polish
loads of people sent me links on my
facebook page on Twitter on its goin
everywhere telling me about this new
nail polish that's been created
specifically for Muslim women know like
okay sounds interesting so anyway
there's one branch of it in London
Westfield
the one in Shep's bush I believe so I
went there and it is in fact advertised
specifically for Muslim women it says on
the on the counter next to it Hallel
nail polish so I found that quite
amusing um so anyway um these are the
colors that I did get it's the this one
it's this this one here I don't know the
color it's the color 672 alrighty and
then I went and got a bluey 6 6 8 okey
dokey because I really want the blue and
it's really great because now I can
write out polish every day and not have
to worry about it if any of you guys you
don't know what what this new nail
polish is it's um OH - breathable nail
enamel so apparently the nail polish is
breathable which means that when you
wash your hands the water will hit
surface of your nails which means that
you can Wandy some people have different
opinions on etc but good enough for me
so if it truly does hit surface then I
don't see why the problem is bullet so
anyway I've been wearing that everyday
ever since so fun derby Jonesy and I got
this color because I thought it was
quite a good color for every day sorry
there you are alrighty then um sorry
feel a bit nunny
because of my white scarf I used to be
one of those girls who wears
you know like some people like blacks
cough that's like their everyday scarf I
used to be like that but with white
scoffs back in 64 and when I was
seventeen eighteen or not white white
but like off-white cream I used to like
like that was just my favorite color I'd
wear it with everything until my
grandmother told me I look like a nun so
you decide none
oh no that okay cuz I feel like I'm not
centered okay so next on my parents list
save the lights in the big poopy let me
try and sort that out for you that's not
better is it oh well um just be patient
till I get a pro camera which and
shuttle our guys will be in a week or
two
okey-dokey hail Stoney in London oh my
god he'll starting a lumpy guy that's
crazy because the Cardiff weather is
flapping amazing anyway if any of you
guys who are wondering I am now moved
back to Cardiff permanently to live back
with my family again um and turn the
shot a lot I get the mail a I'll care
but I do come to London regularly so I'm
still up for doing London so anyway next
favorite is I don't know if I showed
this in my last video no I thought not
because I'm not have it along maybe I
have a bet you know if I have forgive me
opti women opti women opti women yes
opti women plural and they are
multivitamins because I started the gym
and the fiance said listen laughs you
need some vitamins cuz you really
unhealthy so like all right there get me
some in it and he was like all right
quite sir
so opt um in some kind of accent and um
yes but that's those basically you have
three days it tastes really really bad
um so next it's not so the victor where
I was making my obey addict
shirt dress I wasn't wearing foundation
I was wearing tinted moisturizer if any
of you noticed but anyway and it's this
Olay Total Effects seven in one and I
got it for seven pounds from Asda and
for those of you guys who are abroad
oh no you've got as the Walmart and
we're gonna when you add the supermarket
so it's at such a Max Factor foundation
medium SPF 50 so it's the moisturizer
with such a foundation basically and I
thought I just start getting used to
this because summers coming up and
usually in the summer I don't like to
wear foundation so I start like tanning
myself and like wearing tinted
moisturizers etc so I got this and I
must say it's fantabulous day and looks
just like a normal foundation but it
doesn't feel like it that's for sure
hold on let me send text I always
thought card it would be colder and more
rainy than London but in fact it isn't
so next is um actually things that I've
showed you two things that I've showed
you before in my life some of videos but
for some reason I stopped using them
both for at least six months and I just
recently got back into the so I wanted
to remind you guys how fan Dobby dozy
they in fact are and that is the Garnier
roll-on anti dark circles roll-on thing
I don't know Scecina but I use it I can
see that and I mean like it because
unlike my benefit concealer this one
goes on really smoothly and doesn't it
doesn't doesn't get me like pilling
around my eyes a lot whereas the other
one my users benefit it's really like
pasty so you really gotta work it in and
another hard work this is really easy
and this is nex-5 hands and sorry by the
way I'm like a majorly ill you know when
you've got bucket loads of snot in your
nose and probably storage up in your
brain and they just keep coming out and
it won't go that's happening to me right
now sorry to be graphic um and then I've
got this is something I used to use for
years and years and years or through
high school six form etc and then I
stopped because I'm a pig so I've gone
back to it because I remembered how
lovely it makes my doesn't make you feel
lovely but when you put it on you it's
as if you can feel it working a sweet
like kind of when you drink 7up and you
go
don't touch your face clinically
clinically what does that say dual
action moisturizer oil-free I'm reading
a backward century freak in it so yeah I
really love it and it's only like three
pound fifty or three pound 89 you know
those stupid prices so yeah okay next it
turns of clothing only one thing and
that is a pair of trainers so you guys
all know how much I love my trainers
especially my white chavvy Nike Air Max
well the MX sorry my night quite Travie
Air Force Ones I want Air Max if I can
get in max alright absolutely love those
and I've rinsed them completely so I
thought I'd get myself a new pair of
trainers although I am still completely
wearing my Air Force Ones like a crazy
freak and I've put them in the wash like
three times and they look just as good
and when I got myself a pair of new
batters shows is so here we go these are
my new retro trainers and I believe that
everybody needs a pair of retro shoes in
their life so I would suggest going onto
a sauce and looking through their choice
and it's funny because when I was
younger
New Balance used to be like a sad thing
to get and now it's like a cool thing or
maybe it wasn't sad maybe I just wasn't
maybe I wasn't in the cool crowd out of
it anyway New Balance changes these are
sixty-five pounds from ASOS and I really
like them and I can't wait to show you
guys how I wear them more and more
because I'm yet to actually show you
what I could be such a good shoe
presenter anyway so um yes I will do
outfit first with these babies pretty
soon most likely with dungarees because
I also have a pair of dungarees
but I'm yet to wear but can't wait to
wear but have not worn yet but I can't
wait so I'll probably do that pretty
soon um on days of doll calm okay so
anyway shampoo L'Oreal ever rich she
forever hich ever leash maybe I don't
know and it's no sulfate shampoo and
conditioner now I am actually it was
researching and they told me that
shampoo normal shampoos have got
sulfates in them and that's bad
so for me to get a sulfate-free shampoo
so that's person found sulfate free
shampoo and told me where to get it from
and I when I got it and these two were
from boots they're only like three three
pound ninety each so um kind of like
standard shampoo price a little bit more
expensive maybe but about the same and
yes so basically it doesn't have suffix
in it so apparently is good for you so
um that's why I started doing all you
who have experienced problems with
losing hair because of the hair etc etc
I guess start using shampoos with no
sulfates in them and then I went to the
body shop because everything they use is
natural so and I got myself a no
sulfates a sulfate free shampoo from
there too and that was also like four
pounds so so that is my favourites video
guys I hope you enjoyed that my next
video I'm actually going to do a sewing
video for absolute beginners people
who've never even used the same machine
before and so you guys have to make us
get that will I will try and do that
neck as well as a what to wear for
interview slash job video those and then
I've also got a vlogging video to upload
so those three are next on the agenda
okey-dokey so thanks for watching guys
and till next time keep it covered peace
