hi guys okay so today's video is
basically going to be my daily makeup
routine when I can be bothered to wear
makeup on that day so it's not a dressy
uppy kind of makeup look for a wedding
etc it's just my daily one if I'm gonna
wear makeup for that day and I'm just
wearing these to cover the fact that
there is no makeup even have to take
them off and I'll show you I was going
to get straight into it cuz it's
probably gonna be quite a long video so
anyway so as you can see I have you red
marks etc and that's really bad
I have moisturized this morning so
that's fun Debby dozy and usually when
Oh before I wear my makeup what I do is
I take out my nose ring and I've just
got a little tiny one in now for the
meantime so I don't have all of my
makeup equipment with me because I
traveling back and forth the card is a
lot so I've just got kind of my
bog-standard what I need so anyway what
I'm going to be using today is um Rimmel
match perfection foundation for my face
and this is what I'm going to do usually
I'd use a brush but I don't have the
brush with me so just gonna go use my
fingers so it's pretty simple now this
isn't a tutorial it's basically just me
showing you guys how I do my routine
because I'm by far the least what my own
about mix it I am I have no idea
whatever I don't know anything
I don't have to wear makeup I just wear
me how I wear makeup so anyway just
applying the foundation now if you get
it if I was gonna do the tennis golf I'd
continue the foundation down here as
well so yeah I put on my mustache as
well a bit of the foundational to the
Mersey or do indeed now in case you
didn't know I actually am have already
done a everyday makeup my everyday
makeup routine as well it's just one of
my really old videos because I have a
ridiculous amount videos so if you want
to have a look at that you can do and
it's pretty similar routine just a few
different products although I think I'm
going to go back to using the old
products pretty soon okay move on now
usually I do go one cut one shade darker
to my skin as well just because I hate
being pale there we go forehead being
done I hope this video doesn't for you
because gold if I was watching it on
people and people really massage it all
in up there you know now believe it or
not but this foundation is actually
about a year old so that's really really
bad so don't do that basically cuz I
don't put anything around my eyes
usually what I would do is I would go
for a concealer but that's not on me so
what I'm going to do is actually just go
for a lighter shade of foundation and
this is the body shop moisture
foundation and it's in the zero six
color so usually what I actually do
full-face foundation is where this body
shop one and in the zero seven color
that's the best foundation I've come
across for daily wear and so far for
evenings I go for max and that kind of
thing but for everyday wear is everyday
foundation the best one I found just
really light and it kind of sinks in
your skin doesn't do the whole flaky
shabam or anything
is the bodyshop one and it's 15 pounds
anyway I'll get this because a slightly
lighter and I'll just put this around my
eyes now I know all makeup artists out
there probably looking at the camera and
screaming at me because this is bad for
you I think I don't know well I'm just
doing it anyway but I will start taking
care of my skin pretty severely on long
just need to get settled back into
Cardiff because right now my life is an
absolute mess which is why some of my
videos are slightly all over the place
well that's a lie my videos are always
all over the place and you know starting
to really hate some of the comments I'm
getting on YouTube I think I'll have to
do a video on that soon as usual anyway
I'm just talking to fill in them awkward
silences so anyway I do that and I do
put it on slightly on my browser because
that I like to fill in my eyebrows in
but I don't like my eyebrows be tuned on
okay so then what I do is I'm getting my
blusher brush just thing off the dust a
little thick and I've got my little as
the blusher cuz that's what I use yep
when I use I know when I get married in
short live I'll have fancy makeup say
just dabbed in then I'm gonna go yep
that's how bad it is well you can really
see my my station is like there and then
I'll do it again on the other side this
video is too long for life
that's how dark I go y'all terrible
Snooky have had those with those own
references thrown at me recently I look
like Snooki but you know and then what
I'll do is on in the scarf down here
I'll get the excess and do the chinny
chin chin and the jaw as well
if mutts going to be on the show and
then I'll get then there's pounded in
then I'll do a bit of hasty contouring
because I'm not sleepy don't know why I
keep saying that and if any of you guys
take me corner myself a pig seriously
it's a joke seriously like you don't
need to leave messages going dude I
don't do that yourself but anyway and
then over here to the forehead section
and then over her obviously go lightly
on the forehead so I haven't put that
much on the brush itself and then that's
done do a bit more here some snake hay
and then what you're gonna do what I do
is I get this brush which I don't know
what it's originally supposed before but
I use it for the powder which I know is
supposed to go on after foundation but I
do it off the glitter because I find
that my blusher is too dark sometimes
so I put the powder on the top like so
and around the eyes like a sir and this
kind of helps me to conceal my concealer
creases kind of and then I'll do the
chin as well because as you can see the
blush is slightly crazy and over here
just to kind of unhorsed and lines
just woke up okay then what I'll do is I
shall get my angled brush which is the
same as last year as the last video
which is probably about two years old
and I do need to get a new one because
it's getting a bit of fat but anyway my
angled brush and I used to use powder
but now I use pencil and usually what I
do is I will dip the brush into some
water but I don't have that one mixer
and I used to use Brown too but now I
use black if I do it very lightly okay
Brooke standard forward of my wages in
it something to go bloody well wrong so
I just kind of eating drinking and then
what I'll do is off with a lie brow like
a sir I actually need a mirror for this
I can't do it on my iPhone but I'm gonna
get my mirror one second this is my
little mirror I'm just gonna go ahead
and do my brows help you be able to see
I'll kind of sort of do a line
underneath like here like then and then
with that line usually I'll do is I'll
brush it upwards into the hair section
to fill in those little gaps and then
what I will do after that is create a
little angle over here as teeny one will
just fill in the one that I like to
believe is already there
see what I'm doing here then what I'll
do is just go out front with a little
square business really needed water for
this but I'll have to do my spins there
is very subtly filled and alrighty then
and we're just gonna go ahead and do the
other eye roll oh really clapping I cut
out those so I'm going to just brush
upwards and I will tell you what make
this eyeliner pencil is in a minute
trying my hardest over here you just
don't appreciate it I really need new
makeup everything to be fair which I
will get soon and then I will probably
do a video on it a makeup horn or
something like that
so then the eyebrows done guys what I'm
gonna do is actually go straight onto
the lips usually for a daytime lip color
I will go for a pink sometimes I'll do
red without if I've made an exit for
that day otherwise I'll go for pink I'll
just have it on very lightly like so if
I want this color can come out really
pinky we don't want that today or do we
will see you later okay then what I'll
do is I'll actually grab me mascara
which is oh hold on let me show you the
pencil eyeliner pencil it's the eyeliner
pencil and it's actually from Asda this
is George Brown tickle you know me
so anyway got my telescopic mascara
which I the only mascara I'll ever use
and when it runs out I don't want to buy
another one cause it's expensive so what
I do is I get cheaper one and I dip it
in there because I believe it's not the
actual liquid mask or I believe it's the
brushes as the job so anyway I'll just
apply Limbaugh's Cora
now sometimes um I don't wear eyeliner
I'll just go out with mascara on the top
and the bottom or sometimes I'll just go
out with mascara on the top and now on
the bottom and then just eyeliner on the
top
well sometimes I'll just do mascara
bottom and top well as eyeliner as well
as my usual dot underneath there or
sometimes I'll just do mascara and
eyeliner on the top but just the dot
underneath and no mascara on Z so you
know really it's up to you guys what you
want to do is suppose pins on your mood
let's really light coat of mascara on
the out on the top lash I'm gonna do is
go ahead and play another one well yeah
12 minutes long that's ridiculous
so actually talked about anyway guys I'm
thinking of starting a radio station
online or fm don't know let me know if
you'd want to listen to mine and my
sisters and obviously other people's
ramblings on it's obviously something
that isn't gonna happen overnight but I
would really love to open up a radio
show you would love to do that I'm not
gonna do bomb for today because I don't
just don't want to so anyway what I'm
gonna do is gonna get my liquid liner
which is collection mm and Weiss you're
not gonna do my actually I'll just do
the flicks I guess because I know you
guys would love to see those it's gonna
be hard to do it on this but I'll do it
alright so I do actually I'll go like
this first
yeah I know I should get in probably
camera what do you know how much they
cost now I am going to get a proper
camera in about a month or so until then
I'm quite worried as to how they get to
make me look because they're like really
they really bring everything like right
now you can see faint wrinkles imagine
on a proper camera you really see these
babies anyway so then I'm gonna do the
edge over here up that went a bit wild
okay using my eyeliner flicks won't be
that long unless it's like an evening
out but for the sake of this video if it
is but there are many ways to do your
eyeliner flicks and you will find out
when you experiment yourselves well I'm
actually going to do now is go and use
the bigger mirror to do this iron and
I'll be back seeing as you've already
seen how to do this one baby
okey-dokey that's why I've done think
I'm gonna do the two dots underneath
just while I'm here because I know you
guys will ask otherwise so what I will
do is I'll just use the same eyeliner
and all I'll do is look at this it's
really that simple
shocking I know now originally I started
off doing these dots as like kind of
dashes because I really didn't like the
underneath eyeliner look because I
thought it was too much on me so I
thought I just do a middle one who said
that's how I started off and and then
gradually they got onto dots and then
some people like to do them further down
their face over here so if you have the
guts to do that go ahead and do it I
like doing that when I am in London only
cause London is slightly trendier than
carnac's anyway then to finish off I
usually just go over them scorer yeah
and that is all then what I will do is
add my nose ring and then if I haven't
got dots under my eyes what I will do
sometimes add a beauty spot over here or
just one right over here but it's too
much with the dots so that is my
everyday makeup routine guys I hope you
enjoy that and look at these it's lit to
the size of my upper body well fish well
yeah upper body it's called and there's
a shop in them hauls them in London and
um it's called way to save and it has
loads of Arabic you know junk food and
stuff so anyway I usually buy these from
Tesco and in a small packet but I found
it in a humongous packet I believe is
only a pound so what a way to say so in
til next time keep it covered
peace
