hi guys okay so today's video basically
it's gonna be what's on my iPhone tag
and I think my brother Yousef will be
joining me if he feels like it although
I'm not sure he feels like it at this
moment in time so I'm just gonna jump
straight into it you someone you're
gonna do with me
please okay so I'm just gonna go
straight into it I guess is my
homescreen spent 24 a.m. in the a.m. and
the picture is my mother and my daddy
wearing Egypt match clothes because we
went to match weird and then the front
page is just a normal step I think I
can't receive it all right those email
social app store notes on my notes I've
got what's on my notes my notes I've got
my Facebook password on my Instagram
posit cuz I forget and then I've got a
note to cancel some kind of membership I
did on the in March and then it says buy
printer ink it's got loads of those of
things I need to loads of things I need
to know which you can't see cause a
light so let's guess and then there's
the photos up there which obviously I'm
nots gonna go through that's pointless
and then on the next page I've got all
the apps that I downloaded when I first
got my iPhone and they are the first one
is this app called halftone can't me see
you see you see there they go it's first
up over here called halftone which is
like a photo editing app I've got self
timer because obviously I self-taught
myself sometimes got PayPal
I got mozzie another foot up sorry
another photo app called mozzie mercy
whatever and I don't even use any of
these the only photo app I use now is
pick stitch so they're all just kind of
still there and then I've got Skyfire
which is like another internet explorer
because my internet explorer my for
doesn't wear
so then I've got line camera which is
that which actually is a photo app that
I do use so I would download it that's
line camera that's the one I use where I
put loads like funny pictures on my
photos in that then I've got rage comics
and if you know what rage comics is my
brother introduced me to rage comics and
it's basically something to browse
through in your board and have a good
laugh and then I've got Facebook there
as well then I've got color effects I've
got square ready so you know what
Instagram sometimes it doesn't take the
whole photo but if you want the whole
photo to show then I go on in square
ready and downsize the image so that's
why sometimes on Instagram there's foes
with white bars on the side that's cuz
you square ready Oh
and then I've got Instagram next to it
right there there we go
let's go on Instagram actually I'm not a
look at that for a while why any nasty
comments yes oh I put this photo up the
other day as you can see with the same
scarf on cuz I'm rinsed it and
everybody's asking where the shoes are
from they're from ASOS and they're the
I'm hidden heel trainer things then I've
got whatsapp what's up anyway you said
no like a lamppost in it mashallah
anyway so get your phone then everybody
was no job well then I have for Odie
catch up so I can watch 4d then I have
BBC iPlayer catch up what did you do
then I have thick stitch then I have to
map because when I first moved to London
I didn't have a clue how to use the
tubes so I needed to download Tube map
so I know how to get around basically so
tube map then I've got an app called
makeover
to beautify myself
we shall hardly use then I've got Google
because you know why not gonna have
Skype then I have keek then I have we 7
music which is like kind of like a radio
app that you can listen to music on then
I've got um the Holy Quran then I've got
an app called the Gangnam is it Gangnam
called Gangnam something and I can make
myself dance a good you see hey I was
gonna put this on youtube I didn't its
loadings naughty then I've got another
Holy Quran app then I've got Skype did
already say sky I've got crop crop for
free so I can crop my photos you can't
even see anything I'm showing you but
that's my guy so then obviously I've got
normal messages and phone let's see
who's on my last call it shall only
recents did Lee wakes and then my sister
too soon and diddly winks again there's
some landline then Psalm then to see
again and then suffer my house mate so
huh then use of bro me and I've got and
I've got I've got Snapseed Pinkster
Snapseed is really other good photo
editing up that my sister always uses
for her Instagram by the way Instagram
so basically I'm gonna carry the camera
for the rest of this video and my
sweater is from high flyers soothing if
you have a look at it there and it says
flying higher really nice it's really
nice the pill you guys and um it's from
from Hut is from high flyers which I
will leave the links void description so
you can go in
have a look at there are other sweaters
if you like and more piggies will be on
my blog when I saw my blog out because
something's going on with my blog
something does happen a bit longer don't
know what also if you like my rings
they're from ASOS okay so yep till next
time thanks for Change rag my pen as
well so as they run media there's the
high fly sweater flying higher quite
cool somebody I know designed it and
that's quite cool and yes so thanks for
watching guys till next time keep me
covered peace
