hi guys okay I haven't done a video in
ages and I actually have another video
to upload which is the kind of like
failed vlog attempts I did with you my
brothers used to pass it on my mom and
Tuesday and she still won a great big
mess of video that I'm still gonna
upload because why not
but anyway today's video is gonna be
tutorial on how to air one of these on
base coughs which is on the ladies doll
website lasercom and it is now available
it's now available in seven colors but
to will go up to nine and find excellent
I guess Allah
it's my pretty usual scarf style and
there are just some slight differences
maybe from other tutorials I've shown
you but I guess it's worth updating you
guys every few months on how to do it
again and again because of the little
changes now you can wear the ombre
scoffs any way you want but the idea I
had in mind when making them is to give
it the whole as if it's code like ombre
hair cuz you know I love the ombre thing
and most people do and sometimes the
JB's feel sad that they can't do their
hair or they can't show their hair and
do it nicely so I thought well we can
enjoy some ombre scarf can we not the
idea is to have it kind of into a
gradual one-sided as if anyway as you
can see so you can't wear it in a turban
style as well and the Turbots all that
I've done on tutorials where you kind of
just have it to the side so all of this
would be one color and the ombre the
ombre section would be towards the front
at the side so I can bit FA have films
in a while been really busy preparing
for things and there will be so many
exciting new things on the laser website
in a few weeks of Sharla just takes a
lot of time and a lot of effort a lot of
work okay so I'm sorry if I'm a bit a
well hey well I'm so hungry my stomach
Rumble anyway enjoy the tutorial and um
yeah he is a lazy dog ombre scarf and
this is the pink one the hot pink one
and I'm just gonna show you guys how I
would wear it
of course you don't throw it like this
and you can use any whale tutorials but
this is the main reason I started doing
the on race cars for this particular
okay set the place on the head obviously
you're gonna take you take it off first
so you placed on head as you would
normally now you've got the full color
section at the shorter side and then
you've got the ombre effect of the
longer side so what I'm gonna do is just
gonna frame around the face and pin now
what you can do is you can fold the
front and to give it a thicker kind of
frame if you want which I also do
sometimes it depends how you're feeling
for the day I guess but you know use the
initiative it doesn't have to be exactly
how I'm doing it just kind of go with
the flow I'm just giving you the basis
as to the idea I had in mind when I made
the ombres so it could look anyway and
then you take this part like we do in
all two toriel's I just bring it over
the front over here to keep it um nice
and intact I just got a pin there and
pinned it then you can opt to have a pin
over here and one over here if you like
just to keep it nice and neat so you
don't have too much of a lion's mane hey
then you'll grab this side now you can
fold it inwards like so and bring it
over the head or you can fold it
outwards like I've done before also it's
really up to you there's many things you
can do or you don't have to fold at all
it's really up to you for today I think
I'm gonna fold inwards but just fancy
doing that because I just could see it's
a really wide scarf so anyway I'm just
gonna bring it around like here now see
the width over here the skinnier you
want it then the the more folding you
out anyway bring it over bring it round
like a serve of course remove your tag
check on what they're doing cleanse
right now now what I like to do
specifically I've shown you this guys
before but I thought I might as well do
it again because you know anyway that's
in that story so I do here you know see
usually you'll just go with the fold and
you'll go like this I don't like that so
what I'll do is I'll grab this I grab
the inside I'll just undo them like so
and then I'll have it like that and take
these off and place over the top if any
of you guys will ask how to wear glasses
with the scarf this is how I do it I
just put the glasses on top of the first
layer of scarf and the second layer goes
over it
okay so see we've created a nice little
waterfall so what you gonna do is you're
gonna grab your pin okay pin you see
that she's gonna pin it of course if you
want to create some folds don't go too
crazy with the folds though because you
will end up with a head all the way up
here really don't what nice so like year
2000 sometimes it's a good idea to fold
this part first so it's thicker and you
don't have maybe a white rim but it's up
to you I quite like the white rim and
then you see over here this is the
hardest bit to pin cuz you wanna keep it
looking quite keep the ombre looking
quite gradual so you see we bought this
bit out and we just did the fold she's
gonna pin right over here so any simple
guys and I have shown you guys 100 tons
before but I guess I'm gonna have to
keep showing you guys every now and then
just update you then you're gonna grab
one more pin to pin over here you don't
you need to but I prefer to just for
security know and then all you're going
to actually do is you can leave this bit
like this if you want what I like to do
is I like to grab this section now in
one of my other tutorials I bought what
the whole thing around and tucked it in
at the back what we're gonna do is we're
just going to take the front piece and
tuck it in not at the back but at the
side of your collar so if I show you so
we brought it round under starting at
the side of your collar like this and
that's giving you the gradual entre look
and we're done and then to finish you're
going to add your Russian complex in
blue scarf because it complements the
pink fantastically and you get an effort
to turn your shoulders because it's cold
outside and that is the end of that
story let me know what other videos
you'd like to see I am gonna do a
question and answer so it's called I'm
gonna do a question and answer video
pretty soon and so watch out on Facebook
where I will
actually you leave some questions in the
description box now and I will do that
for my next video I will answer every
question I get as long as they're normal
decent questions of course um alrighty
so sorry I haven't film the video anyway
so next time keep it covered peace
oh also guys um next Saturday the 19th
I'm gonna be at Spitalfields old
Spitalfields market which i think is in
live on Liverpool Street and I'm gonna
be having just a little lazy doll market
stall there so you'll be able to get
ombre scarfs you'll be able to get
vintage pieces and all these vintage
items over here gonna be customized so
they're not gonna look how they look now
but you'll only be able to see them on
the market stall and also what else can
you get over there
just ombre scoffs and vintage pieces and
also just to let you know everything
will be cheaper in the market store so
it's worth coming down if you're in
London and I'll leave it at that til
next time keep it covered peace
