hi guys okay Christmas came and went and
so did the New Year and then there were
sales and the sales will crap
but I actually haven't done a shopping
haul video in so long I'm seeing as I
bought just a few little teeny little
things I thought I'd show you in a video
why not so I'm just gonna start off with
these earrings come on I don't know more
and they come in a little packet like
this from the one and only Primark of
gold and silver I'm wearing the silver
one and I haven't got the other one
cause you can't see it cuz I'm doing the
wanted earring glick alrighty
can't go wrong with one power 50 things
Jeremy that's why it was just my mug
anyway which one has an odd next I got
this magnificent earring front and back
earring piece which is from River Island
for three pounds sorry there's a front
of it what am i doing I don't even know
how to wear it but I'll figure it out
and it kind of just goes on like that
it's just so nice I'll probably use it
for something these earrings which again
are from Primark
I love hoop earrings and I especially
love them when they kind of have a piece
for their lobe and then they dangle
because then it makes it easier to wear
with a scarf so these are my these are
my ideal earrings these may be the hoop
was slightly bigger but don't worry
about it and there are two pounds and I
be nosy because I like one of these is
because you can always throw it undo the
mess at the back and stick in a larger
hoop if you have larger hoops which
probably do which is probably what I
will do so it'll be a large hoop with
this the lobe yeah lovely yummy I just
can't figure out the lighting and you
know that's really a shame so anyway and
then I got this nail polish which wasn't
in the sale but I just really love the
colour and here's the colour on actually
okay I need some moisturize the hands so
don't windows but there's the colour on
it's basically almost in colours my skin
can't really see it but um yeah there's
in two pounds and it's the 60 seconds
hot looks mm collection which dries in
60 seconds whoopee dude our day I picked
this white shirt up from mango
and it's just an oversized um my kind of
baggy and it was 15 pounds I
believe in the sale and I got it in a
size medium just nice and oversized I
think is the from their office
collection so it's for like it's like
you know suit kind of office wear but
I'll just wear it with blue jeans maybe
a leopard print I've also got this um I
love plate shirt and baggy kind of
farmer fit and it's just this red
kind of checkered one I don't think it's
supposed to be baggy but I got it in a
size 16 so therefore it will be baggy
and that's the end of that story I'm at
with 7 pounds then I grabbed this shirt
as well which is actually pajamas from
Topshop but don't worry about it you
know everybody goes out in FP Jays in
wale the dip dye effect and it's the
pajamas section Topshop and that was
also 15 pounds I believe all righty you
can actually see pictures of me wearing
this on my Instagram account since I
care
I got blue skinny jeans yeah yeah from
H&M for also 7 pounds I believe they
gave my outfit but I'm not wearing them
these which is like my favorite kind of
fit route it's kind of like a fantasy
tracksuit bottom pad which would look
really great with heels and like a
sweater you see there there you go sorry
about the lighting and I got them in a
size 12 and they were 7 pounds also and
I got these boots which went in the sale
but I've been eyeing them up for ages
and I just went to got them and I
probably wear them today actually with
this outfits that I'm wearing now and
these kind of like you know heeled
riding boots that kind of thing the
horse riding look is so cool right now
and then I got these two Z's I'm gonna
wear these because you know I'm not a
heel person but my sister's got similar
pair to these but more expensive cashews
buys expensive things and whereas I'm
more of like the cheapskate so um yeah I
tried on my sister's and they're really
comfortable like they're like the only
comfortable heels
you'll probably
ever be able to wear so I want to go up
and they were 30 pounds from hmm there
you go if you want to see me wearing
these with this like 90's outfit then
you can then you can have a look on my
blog or you can have a look at my
Instagram I'll tell ya I'll leave I
thought you didn't get that much but
that's because I'm saving and then I
when I got this which wasn't in the sale
but it's like my ideal go-to kind of
wardrobe staple for winter slash spring
I guess and this just a really nice
oversized sweater and it's really long
and just really baggy fit I also got
this in a size 16 though so it can be
extra extra long and baggy because you
know I like things really baggy and I'll
probably wear this with like those boots
I just showed you and I'm just really
into this look at the moment because I'm
currently designing sweaters and
t-shirts so I'm just really into that
look
Genaro mean you won't seem lazy dull
sweaters and t-shirts until maybe
another month something on Lazar that
car anyway I think that's not got to
show you this so I'll just add in the
end I bought this belt over here because
you guys know I love chains and um it's
a real nice boat I got from a ride and
sorry I got hiccups and it's ten pounds
and I'm actually gonna use it as a
necklace a chain necklace so yeah if you
like my jumper it's actually from lazy
dog vintage vintage and it's the
obviously the only one cuz it's vintage
but there are other yummy jumpers there
and they will be more hmm if you do
happen to go into lace alright now it's
closed until next Tuesday which is
Tuesday the 8th of January where we will
be back with me again a down early then
I am trying to get Hasson to do the
accent tag but I don't know what's
happened to him he's kind of like noir
himself in front of the camera anymore
maybe because he hasn't done YouTube
video with me in so long maybe that's
why but I don't know we'll get there
I've only got four days left in quarters
then I'll be back in London back to
usual routine back to work doing
everything also guy in case any of you
didn't already know I do take bookings
for personal shopper bookings so if you
maybe I'll considering taking the step
into wearing a Jeb and you literally
have no idea what to do or if you just
want a bit of help styling wise then I
can go out for a day shopping with you
and give you lots of style ideas tips if
you're in hey Jeb then help you out with
your scarf dilemmas etc and that kind of
thing but you can email me for more info
on that on dinner Tokyo at gmail.com
okay so thanks for watching I will try
another video with Haslam before he goes
back to Egypt rola and also if I never
I'm going to get asked to do tutorials
for this look I've already done it so if
you look on my turban Tai inked video
which is a bunch of like maybe 20
no it's about 4 tutorials this turban
style is in that video okay and a lot of
you guys are asking for um
tutorials I will probably do a tutorial
um in a couple videos time with um on
how to wear an ombre scarf and and
anybody asking for and tutorials on
recent furs I've posted they're all
tutorials I've already done so if you
have looked like on my turban tying
video or on the loopy scoffs video where
I put like 20 looks together that can
take just said to my videos you will
find all of them and then let's wrap
that up cuz I'm flagging so much so um
the next time people covet piece
