basically guys we have little problem
dinner has not time for the ietters idea
anymore no not anymore forever in this
world ever just for past week I have
really had any time for you to be years
because you know they take ages to film
and then edit to edit even though my
acting is rubbish but still takes ages
because you know it just does and that's
the end of that story basically the plan
is that right now I'm gonna film video
and that video is a sitting down outfit
of the day because I'm sitting in the
car I can't get out because there's
people and then look at me like a weirdo
so sitting down outfit of the day and
then things I suck at tag that Chelsea
had a beloved tag me in oh just go I
just haven't done it yet so that's the
plan for the end of that story with the
poopoo in the wee-wee yeah less so
things I suck at number one um science I
was never good at science in school let
me just put the my camera somewhere I
hope no one walks past me okay see in
school I was always like really rubbish
to science not completely rubbish but
like I'm one of those people where like
if I feel like I can't do anything I'm
like oh I can't do it I can't do it work
try very very much so that's how bla bla
so science and me about science also
really really really bad at and
answering my phone when people call me I
tend literally not to answer my phone I
was just about to grab my phone but I'm
filming with it okay so later now so
when someone calls me if I'm not in the
mood I'm not it's because I'm not a
phone person so if I'm not in the mood
to talk I'll be like looking at the
phone I'll just say here's a phone
so I'll be looking at the phone I'll
just decide but I don't want to answer
that call so I don't answer it and then
I'll text later and I'll say howdy howdy
how you doing so anybody who's thought
oh dinner is busy she's probably not
maybe she just doesn't arms to the phone
and it's not because I don't like you I
because I don't want to talk to you
because I'm not a phone person I'm only
a firm person if we're like this if it's
family or we are like this like best
friend for life
pinky promise people okay yeah when I'm
a texter you know I like to text but one
of the reasons I hate what's up is
because people can see whether you read
it or not and sometimes I've read it and
I'm like oh then a reply going to reply
right now but I do genuinely forget who
knew someone else so anyway I read bad
and those kind of things
what else do I really suck at I suck at
driving oh my god I'm such a typical
woman driver I used to be such a like G
at driving which therefore I was a
little gangster and I was like oh yeah
seat back and like music on and like hey
Jer picking out the window yeah like I
absolutely loser so anyway that's why I
laugh when I see people like that now
because they don't realize watch
absolute idiots that look like you know
so especially what the guys do it's so
sad I used to do that and last even sad
because I was only like 17 and I thought
I was like big balls
anyways so um well Stu isoka um
I also suck at replying to people on
social networking sites like on Facebook
or on Instagram if you ask them question
I'm really rubbish at replying so I
don't tend to worm I do read I do read
most comments I do read most of them but
then it's reading everyone and then
having to stop and reply to everyone
when I've kind of usually put the
information in the description or in the
in the video or on the Facebook link
I've kind of usually put the information
that you've asked somewhere on my
platforms you just need to find it so
I'm really rubbish at answering and I'm
also really rubbish answering Facebook
inboxes excuses excuses
but you know about that what else am i
rubbish out I'm alone I'm the worst
person and just save I can't save money
like I just can't save I'm I'm literally
and this is definitely dying this is
definitely like Oh a proper diagnosis I
believe I'm actually shocked Pollak like
genuinely if I go out somewhere where
they sell things I don't have to in my
head but like I just I just buy some I
just have to buy something whatever is I
just have to buy anything I'd have to
pay this food if it's a pen it's like
another pair of glasses I just I had to
buy and it's really bad because losing
skin all the time so I'm really bad at
saving like unbelievably bad and
everybody hates me for it like in my in
our house in Cardiff the family house
when I moved to London there were the
whole attic was full of bin bags full of
my old clothes my even old clothes just
my clothes I didn't take to London and I
was planning to wear them when I got
caught it next thing I know my sister's
giving all the weight shouty and I mean
all like some of it was brand new things
like really nice boots I've never even
worn before and I really couldn't wait
to wear escaped all oh no hesitation to
see just to the bags
this level clue that you went here you
go of it I came back to Cardiff for the
weekend also Oh everything where's my
 I got it I was really upset but
then you know I think kind of taught me
a lesson ish so well that's my banner um
to be honest with you I'm pretty good at
everything else
I'm joking oh my god I'm really bad at
running everybody who sees me run laughs
but the thing is like I wasn't that bad
in school in PE except I was I think I
was decent to be honestly I wasn't that
slow or anything but nowadays you know
when you kind of don't go to school for
ages and then you suddenly have find
yourself running like for a bus look for
work or some crash into someone you just
leg it that kind of thing and so as I
got older and new people came into my
life when they see me run they laugh and
they think sorry Chang I'm it's really
tacky and it spit to my face going on
all right so yeah running I'm really bad
at running apparently I run like an
absolute woman so where's my banner I'm
oh my god I am literally wanna swear I
am poop at cooking I can't cook to save
my life first time I cooked rice the
fire alarms went off I burn rice who
burns rice Dina bans rice I burn rice my
face is just too constant on the show
sorry like literally I can just about
manage an omelet or a boiled egg
and my food habits are horrific like
I'll have toast with just salt sprinkled
on top and I'll just eat that I suck at
keeping promises I'm so bad with
promises I kept promising you guys the
latest dolls about to launch etc and it
hasn't yet because it just takes ages to
do everything like you guys don't
understand how much work goes into it
for something that isn't even that big
so oh my god I'm rubbish at keeping in
contact with my family
and it's not because I don't miss them
or because I don't love them or anything
it's just because I'm not a phone / sky
I'm not talking other than face-to-face
person I don't like talking any energy
in any other way to anybody else except
for in person on the except for
otherwise obviously videos don't count
because that's making video then you go
see it but I'm on about like if you have
to Skype someone you have to phone I'm
not a phone person I'm only good on the
phone when I have to speak to companies
and sort things out like anything but to
people but I'm really socially awkward
so there's somebody walking past and
they look at me like Oh an absolute
weird out I am I know anyway well this
video is 10 minutes long and I haven't
even really come up with anything with
that interesting I don't really know
what you're supposed to self happened
I'm rubbish - singing oh dear Lord II I
love singing because who doesn't love
singing singing is like the most
exhilarating sport I think it's so like
whoa anyway and I'm always singing and
I'm always being told to shut up because
I'm giving big wedding
I'm rubbish on the tubes in London I
can't get around on the tubes in London
without my little tube app that tells me
where I'm going and that my sense of
direction is absolutely gone down the
drains I actually was just it just
stayed in the drains and never came out
and wasn't given to me I do not have a
sense of direction whatsoever I'd like
to drive around with sat-nav but I'm
driving in London and it's thighs even
worse than life in general so in Cardiff
I'm okay at driving but it took me about
ten years to learn my way in Cardiff so
to remember everything so and even going
to wrap that up and I know what kind of
just babbled on but anyway any guy any
of you who are youtubers who are
watching this then I tag all of you to
do this tag let's make a big tag Chelsea
you Debbie laughs started it so check
her on YouTube
I think she's American she's a bit they
were crazy Americans oh hi there Chelsea
I've got these glasses on her and
they've just got from Camden and then
this nose ring and it is from Claire's
accessories and this lipstick is from
Matt and that's what is from bacteria
this jacket I'm wearing what over here
okay if you have a look at it you can't
really tell but it's one of those really
good it's like one of those like cocoon
fits it's really good and you just like
especially if you're feeling fat kind of
just envelopes you and makes you feel
like a flirty person who's trendy but
not fat okay that's the most important
thing and this is actually from a kind
of like jumble slash vintage sale in
Cardiff and basically some really trendy
woman was selling her over wrong clothes
so I got it for three pounds and it's
really long and I'll take a picture and
you can check out on Instagram I'll do
the Tokyo so you can have a look at look
at the full outfit properly and then
I've just got Topshop and Camden Rings
over here I've just got my normal kind
of skinny kind of rough genes which are
from Bershka and I'm just wearing Doc
Martens
when I'm just wearing dr. Martens dr.
marches shoes so I don't say dr. Martin
I mean Doc Martin shoes that was really
sad to me
I'm socks that I've just got um my sorry
bag over here as well alrighty okay I
just did a bit of as a sponsor then and
I went all Ronnie no no but she's
American she goes
alrighty no what'd she do she goes
alrighty
no I can't do yoga um I'll say Azula um
that's the end of that story
Hassan's due back pretty soon so we're
doing a lot of videos with us and the
bro and also I might join em and keep
the kind of alternative to the kind of
Instagram alternative but for videos
because I know that lately I haven't
really been making a lot of YouTube
videos but ki kind of allows you to put
up 10-second videos everyday here and
there so you'd basically be seeing a lot
of them me daily in little small
snippets and just I guess it's just a
good way to keep you guys um I guess
it's kind of just a good way to fill in
videos um until my YouTube updates if
that makes any sense
so anyway follow me on instagram for
pickies of this outfit and my up what
I'm about to works I'm give covered
peace
