ok so my lighting has changed just a
teeny little weeny little itty bitty and
that's because I have a big pimple on
the 10 show trying to disguise that as
much as possible and also that's the end
of that story you know my friends saw
her she um is my housemate and you know
when you have a really close friend and
then you kind of um while they artists
to do a favor but you kind of mess it up
for them what happens to me the other
day and I was just wondering what you
would do with this sort of situation
basically so has said to me dinner if
you I in my trousers I will do this
week's rota for you so if I in her
Charles's she will clean the bathroom
for me because I'm supposed to do it so
I was like hell yeah ok so i go to iron
her trousers her favorite pair of
trousers mind and i only go and burn it
burn them slightly didn't burn a hole
but like you know the bit wet just
before the hole and it kind of like goes
all the way it anyway so that's what
happened and it was really awkward
having to tell her so obviously i
apologized and offered to get her a new
pair however she proceeded to tell me
that that wasn't the point anyways
really awkward but she's she's all cool
with it so let me know if anything of
the sorts happen to you guys I will
probably do another video with saw her
having the talk about these kind of
issues pretty soon so watch out for that
anyway today's video is to tell you guys
these clothing brand I look a little bit
like a chubby bunny but don't worry
anyway I'm the suits calm they are a
clothing brand um let me just read you a
bit of info about to them soups SWOTs
stands for the secret order of the
streets okay so you might be getting a
little bit or Masonic vibe but in fact
it's the opposite so facebook.com
forward slash the suits conscious
swagger for the conscious mind alrighty
there so the whole point of the brand is
to not only be a fashionable brand that
designs high-quality tees and
sweatshirts with slick graphics but to
also use it to rave is awareness this
sweater i'm wearing right now is their
signal
item with their company's logo on it if
i move back so you can see there's fight
to the power that if we have a really
quick look it's actually quite a clever
little thing they've done hit the
pyramid upside down and right over here
is the eye closed so if you guys know
like the Freemasons logo is usually the
pyramid with the eye open and the whole
new world order think that they always
bang on about well this one is new world
disorder and fight the power basically
talking about how we will not be puppets
to the world complete opposite to
Freemasons ok fight the power so there
you go t-shirts to raise awareness for
what's going on right now in Palestine
Viva Philistine t-shirts can you see
that Viva I was back to front but Viva
furnace teen for Justine this Palestine
t-shirts and also Viva Philistines sweat
sorry not selected cities oh there we go
we've seen hoodie as well in a navy blue
please avoid looking at mr. pimple there
I know it's hard not to it sounds all
too serious perhaps well the subject
matter is serious and we are not afraid
to address it however we do keep our
designs slick enough to fit in with
anyone with sense of swagger or style
and it is in fact designed for people
who do not think about these issues
normally to try and raise awareness so
basically doing two things at the same
time looking good and raising awareness
if you dig our style but you don't
follow the news then just buy anyway and
you might just educate someone else very
good point so also ten percent of all
the profits go to Palestine completely
one hundred percent humanitarian nothing
else so you also help aid the poor to
okay that's good they also go on to
describe the items of clothing for
example the hoodie and the t-shirt as a
layering piece for the ladies so a bit
of highly tips for you ladies there as
well which is always great this sweater
is actually a size medium the t-shirt
and the hoodie also in a size media
their signature sweater which is this is
24 99 and the hoodie leave of Palestine
hoodie Viva Philistine hoodie is also 24
99 and I don't know how much to teach it
is but I
guessing it will be slightly less as it
is a t-shirt so check them out on the
suits calm fight the cause open your
minds and raise the awareness and
inshallah peace to all of our brothers
and sisters around the world and united
we stand there are a lot of companies
that are similar to the suits and
fighting for the same cause etc and
there's nothing wrong with that in my my
head there's nothing wrong with that
because the more the merrier right the
more the more of these companies that
try and do something good then the more
good that will happen if you know what I
mean so there's no need for rivalry if
you know I mean cuz you know united we
stand in the way and also what else was
gonna say is that my next video will be
a winter lookbook I will leave the links
in description so thanks to the suits
and till next time guys you've covered
peace
