oh come happy birthday to you shut up
crap uncle my rings you get my rings
will ya oh you can get my rings the on
my on hassles table the brown wrong
whether they're all the Rings please
lovely having the slave you know
especially in their family slaves pick
my glass off pick my glass off thanks
birthday slave okay
so guys it's useless birthday tomorrow
which is basically today because we
uploaded this today aren't we so guess
how old he's turned how old to be turned
use go on album 17 sabotage a fizzle
should i shine use of you're looking
mighty fine today mashallah anyway look
at this isn't it gorgeous
i pick that up in whoa packing it
actually what we're gonna do today is
you said would you like to take over and
present okay what we're gonna do today
is the tag blue accents and we're gonna
basically and well we've written a list
over here which you can't see the
positive right logo we've written list
of all the access that we're going to
attempt doing today and we probably
think of some more while we're going
because that's what blue and i look like
a ghost
so that's what we're going to do so the
first accent Australian use of you go
first
alright I'll go first and well you
taught me do the Australian one like
last week with my friend so I'm get a
good morning guards um today we're doing
the exit take they say wall you don't
they you sir is that a crocodile over
there oh it's a bunch of potato no no
nice now that's the Australian one now
we're gonna go for the Liverpool one
which is actually where Mama's from but
she doesn't have the accent I can't do
live we'll save my life
like like cares no that's well aim at
the end of the day and at the end of the
day it's no no think of the guy on
x-factor the no one likes right now and
the end of the day like from trying me
they're not like Arabs with this and the
day you know you know you know okay
Yorkshire accent I can't do that that's
like Cheryl Cole that's the hardest
actually don't try it you'll owe is in
that Yorkshire how do the auction
speaker
whoever let's contact us that we can do
American oh okay I could do a very good
like I always do very good like they
don't even talk probably like oh did not
tell you that ain't nobody got time for
that ain't nobody got time for that
beginner one so um what else like
there's so many different like American
accents that we can do so I don't know
which ones this is but this is the one
where they like the stretched everything
cuz they're like so like you know like
laid back and they're you know I don't
know but hey if you got anything to add
to that one you said you saw you sir why
hide it honor yeah I did be oh my god
Jamia Khan be calm be calm
well away from whales anyway
so we already speak like Welsh like but
there's two kinds of once there's like
the Cardiff one and then there's like
the valleys one yeah that's right John
passes the chaos whose coach is not
Jackie
you'd and out Gavin and Stacey
Cardiff is like cuz they they talked
like this cuz they think they're like
really odd so they're like oh brother I
was going down six rolls arms getting
takeout for their song shall we go
badass already put my giri on on here
can you deny Geryon think of phoned face
jacket or Fame jacket
good evening madam good evening madam I
just like to take a cake yeah your
credit card details I can't do it but I
used to be able to do accents
let's do squash I met some Scottish
girls the other day and oh wait but I
can't think when we're filming I can't
think to do it
scroll ish I'm from Scotland I'm from
Scotland and well I mean I just recently
put on my job and well you know I like
Loch Ness monsters and things like var
and most booty where's the Maha's knock
on say husband hood my husband he wears
a kilt and I do fresh Egyptian alone dad
Egyptian dad's oh he's so nice
Oh lying on my head I look in Allah Ya
Allah Oh anyway honey don't touch don't
touch my touch screen don't touch me
Pass Steady Crew one two three okay do
fresh Egyptian yeah you do you know
happens oh that's hassle hassles not
here Oh happens in Egypt is it Egyptian
done a dinner dinner why you don't
listen to me wait on this
yeah okay we can't do with rubbish axes
basically do posh English one no that's
it we've just got us it's all about
wealth accents all that mmm Chinese you
do it cuz you look tiny in bye-bye
selfish one five-page I'm all alcohol
now I know I dunno I'm just doing
Chinese voice the South Park accents
they're the best ever do Southport you
do it get here you get and get him so
that's the end of the lesson
tag everyone's putting low - French -
French accent oh and Lily yeah no that's
German
you're good healthy now how you do it
what black I record you actually save
our lives and that's what we've
established in this video so I still
need to do I'm so behind on videos I
don't even know what I'm doing in what
order anymore so anyway until the next
time what is that
Yussef oh sorry we got a bears over here
watch out watch out you follow Yusef on
Instagram he's he's like obsessed with
doing all these comic things and they
got really funny faces like ones like
this follow him on Instagram use of
Tokyo comic I'll leave a link well you
try littering
i scoped the stove priestess disgusting
so anyway guys I've got anything else to
add to that fluffing or is that the end
of that story
he's 17 by the way now he's gonna start
drivin in you use yeah you are yeah you
know who do you thinks are half an
speciality is Egyptian freshy Indian
brushy posh Egyptian AHA said we need
hassle in this video maybe we'll do it
again when hazard spoil Egyptian kid
accent we need hasson when has it comes
back cards and Christmas we will do this
video again because he's like the
speciality and accent I see on the next
video which hopefully being also
hopefully this time we'll definitely be
glass the collection and that will be in
a couple days
Sharla remember that game that I bro on
oh yeah you can see eyebrows who bows
use your Chi his hair idea nobody I did
constantly doing the flick boys are bout
okay anyway so let's wrap up so thanks
for watching until next time
nope till next time
cut cut out cut out yeah cut cut till
next time keep it covered peace
