I'm gonna look them out hi guys okay
don't mind the mess in background it's
not my bedroom as her anyway we're just
after smoking or smudge they're going to
have fun anyway this is super Lonny the
Australian Aussie who lives next door to
me and she always does makeup for
everybody right so anyway here's her
face right now
now the guy on bro how are you I've
actually gone for a week and you look
where she's done like skin for a wedding
I'm digging anyway I'm just weighing
enormous curved leather jacket jeans and
just my normal leopard print shoes like
pretty casual really I'm still blarney
over here is wearing lovely one of the
old school aged or scoffs I will be
getting back but one of those that
lovely coat that we both got from
Primark with their amazing massive
turnaround how perfect is that hood
right for huge Abbie's with big heads
anyway I like this blue top promise ooh
this is from Evans it's from Evans gasps
the top that she's wearing and it's
really really great because it fits out
really well because no I don't wanna go
to that it's not fighting with if you
have a look spiky pocket to the game now
I'm gonna go to smoking a smudgy and do
bit filming over maybe you guys so I see
the wall see ya no no bully that's a lot
of you go say something like oh yeah
look my name's Warren just been crying
about you Tierra Corolla it's for me mum
Barbara Wow we're gonna have a scooter
at the pub so uh if you want to join us
let's go what's the scooter Australia's
a comment below
don't tell me what it is see we get it
right Australia's Cumberland alright
he's seen them in just a little chatty
wedding to live what phase in very what
is that guys so I'm introducing you to
the cat of the house and he's called
mini
I know it's a girlie name but that's
what fresh is doing they named cat
singers
many I actually call him cat all right
cat how's it going what are you doing
there
please don't get that idea to scan it to
me oh he's going back in to do base
where where is that sucked Narnia
streamkey it's not like sushi this one
he's not you know very friend well he is
friendly always punches on my feet every
time I want to take tea up the stairs
but sometimes he comes into my room and
like once a straight so I know this
video was supposed to be a vlog of smoke
you know it's munch he but anyway I
didn't film it's because I believe there
when he JB's in the fashion show who
were not in their hijab so again I
didn't do a vlog also my battery was
dying so I'm actually just turning this
whole thing into just one big fat vlog
of random random stuff like this cat for
instance all right of it sir dude alone
okay so the whole time he was you know
scourging his feet he on my duvet
basically so he could create a little
den and lick himself
all right to Big Jim Nast's and lick
lick stretch
some Catalan contact no that's just some
men that's wildlife at its best
I mean nature I don't know there you go
sim cleaning oh there's a leg
oh there's the gymnast gymnastics
alright so in a minute I'm good to
actually kick him out of the room not
actually kick kick cuz that's totally
her arm but I'm gonna say sure I don't
go gymnast anyway what I'm actually also
gonna do is show you guys what's in
those banks because they are things that
actually I got to give in that's making
up some mudgy so I thought might as well
show you seeing as this is a really
points long so just show me I'll
probably do that
be better now or so when I get dressed
or what yeah hi guys okay so moving on
from the little completely putting this
vlog I just did I'm actually just gonna
show you guys what I got smoked not
smudgy cuz why not this little
pincushion I just open it up for you
sorry I'm just like so used to doing the
Australian accent because I just filmed
a video with my housemates er who's
Australian in their accent so anyway
here's a lovely up pincushion which is
much needed we'd need to be honest
because I really need a new one because
mine is like 10 years old possibly
hey lovely pincushion these items are
actually from chic he jabs that you can
find on the Facebook's they called chic
a Jeb's accessories and their website is
GK Jeb's door Big Cartel calm there you
go thanks very much guy pale and yellow
stretchy lace effect ish scarf over here
which actually is quite funny because I
needed something discolor of course
something I'm doing on a Wednesday
hopefully anyway
and this also evening black scarf over
here I think their scarves are handmade
but I don't know but I think they are I
just had that feeling I don't know why
so anyway check out this gorgeous and
evening
scoff which is perfect you know if
you're going out if you're going to
wedding something and you need a black
scarf but you don't want to go for the
usual cotton blacks anyway this lovely
scarf some gorgeous little pins and some
accessories one of those rings that kind
of flew over for me Oh Dena oh my god
it's like too big for one finger and
then it's too small for the other one oh
no it fits there we go one of these
little claw ones that's from seeking
gold I'll keep this ring on today
actually so anyway that's from chica
check them out the all the links will be
in the description I also got a really
glamorous caftan style kind of dress
from FEM Arab boutique and they actually
designed the beadwork that goes on the
front of the caftan so if I just show
you because I'm in love with it used I
don't like hot pink but this pink is
more like it is a hot pink but it's like
crazy hot pink but it's been much really
well with the kind of beadwork
here you go alright it's not dull but
you know what I mean here you go
and just want to show you because this
is what I love about it the black kind
of rim on the edge as well but I won't
show you too much of that because I'll
say that maybe for another video and if
I'm going to an event etc and of course
it comes with lining underneath so it's
not see-through
anyway so thanks guys I'll leave the
link in the blah blah this is like the
item that is like the most me kind of
thing so I'll leave all the links anyway
check out the t-shirt if you hand draws
what goes on t-shirt and then she sticks
it on the page that there you go you
guys know how much I love t-shirts which
is why I'm actually going into t-shirts
myself but I just love her whole theme
you know she also designs in the Cubs um
and she's gone for the whole ethnic
thing which is really quite nice I was
like my favorite I'll probably wear that
next week in that outfit of the day
video or something so I don't to show
you guys in too much detail anyway
that's what I got I'm just making up
some aji it was really fun event and
that story so this is probably the end
of war even though it's not much of long
I just have something else film I
haven't because I didn't feel this
making up some ID because you know
things and so til next time
oh I know I still need to do a glasses
collection video it's so annoying cuz I
just lost one of my favorite glasses you
know they're really round high poor ones
I just can't find the man so annoyed
about it cuz I really love them I'm
gonna go now so until next time people
covered peace
