hi guys okay one sec window closing back
in my old room in Cardiff like do you
recognize the windowsill and the date
you came
yep there it is anyway and it looks a
bit bad because Yusuf's obviously taken
over this room and he's a boy he doesn't
put things on the windowsill and the
paint's still there and everything whew
good to be home
anyway so ignore the henna because well
because it was cheap from Southall and
it's obviously fading off me on a second
okay so anyway I thought I'd do like a
quick video let's just remove these
silly things off my face I thought I'd
do a quick um tag video and it's not
really one that applies to me because
it's a beauty tag it's a confessions of
a beauty guru tag I'm not a beauty guru
but I make youtube videos and the
questions are quite quite general
they're not like about makeup of stuff
so I just thought I'd do one of those
let's put them back on coz eyes bare so
I thought I'd just do it because I
haven't done attacking ages and it's
just more fun to do a tag sometimes then
showing you guys have to wear t-shirts
and stuff okay just before I start let
me just show you my jumper let's just
hide that tickets Halloween it's a
t-shirt policy t-shirt policy London
sweater which is totally my kind of
thing um anyway I'll leave the link of
where you can get all of these and
they've also got all some t-shirts and
in the description you can also follow
them on Instagram teacher policy London
and all that so thanks guys for this
lovely sweater I totally love it anyway
yes go and in Tokyo to come for piggies
and all the usual so I just want to
finish this quickly poor Yousef comes in
and kicks me out okay so I'm just gonna
answer the questions even though I'm not
a beauty guru but I thought it justified
okay so oh oh and Dulce candy did this
tag and she basically just tagged every
beauty guru unlike I said no beauty guru
but I'm just gonna throw up question
number one
oh yes here hello hello for laughing for
loving oh you can answer these questions
as well use yeah
yes great lovely ham ham how many hours
a week do you spend filming or editing
videos oh the henna how many hours a
week would you say I would say
well I put up 12 hours a week smaller
than that make being a youtuber is so
hard by the way everybody thinks is easy
but mate it's not it depends how many
videos I pop out but if I pop out about
three in a week I'd say it takes about
half an hour to film one takes about two
three hours to edit one even if the
editing is crap sometimes yeah about 12
hours a week maybe sometimes even longer
like if you notice one of my videos it's
slightly fancier than usual it's because
I took longer to edit it or I learn
something new and editing class editing
class anyway so that's question number
one number two are you a spender or a
saver I'm a spender I haven't my hands I
just can't handle it I'm a spend I don't
save it's really really bad and I've
actually got an actual proper addiction
I'm a Shopaholic and every time I go out
after buy something it's really bad just
nothing to be proud of so don't do it
any use why is the lighting really
rubbish you never used to be this
rubbish when I lived in this room what
have you done trial okay so sorry from
with a high pot I came back from Amanda
yesterday and it was hilarious and
really good and my point is slightly to
a pointer to die do we look the same no
I do my face what I'm doing now can you
up seen the camera go get the other
glasses put them on then we look the
same go get scarf put on scarf as well
okay nos copy when is it easiest for you
to film um just before I go out usually
because I'm dressed that's usually when
I film just before I go out because I'm
dressed and in the daytime because I
don't have fancy lights I use natural
lights which I'm sure you all know
because my videos are all they go doing
it the same they see they see you that
those ones stick you a more than me the
video wants to know where these glasses
are from they're from Oxford Street from
one of those fresh tea stalls from a
freshie man for a fiver two for a fiver
or maybe two for ten I did I can't
remember
we do pause what makes talking in front
of the camera comfortable for you nobody
in the room other than Youssef that's
fine but like if you notice if you go
back on my really really really old old
school videos I'm like totally different
person I'm like really like just saying
the facts Joe I mean or just saying what
I came to say on the video I'm like
really uncomfortable but now I'm like
totally come to the front in front of
the camera but only in front of my video
camera in front of any other camera well
actually that's a lie the other week
when we did filming with the Dutch
people I was myself which is good but
you know oh my god the point is horrific
what's going on with the point okay I
don't know what happens to me but as the
winter starts creeping along my scoff
starts covering more of my face and then
summer happens and just goes further
back so we it but that's what happens so
yeah what makes me comfortable having
nobody in the room or being if you
notice my videos in London because I'd
recently moved there aren't as
comfortable as the ones I do in Cardiff
because I'm so used to this Roma card of
filming here right here on their square
downtown so the ones in London honors
comfy but you know what what I can do
what they can do what's your worst
makeup hair habit use of you tell them
that was my wears makeup habit
oh look at I had nose horrific probably
the henna
like what do i do on my face and you're
like you did it to me yesterday I was
putting my makeup on you like oh god you
look like a sobbing something TAV I
don't wanna repeat it cuz they'll say
that we erase it I would say it's
probably this beauty spot that I draw on
my face
whenever I fancy it I'm gonna say hello
crazy and I know it's stupid and it
probably looks really really stupid but
you know when you just convinced in your
head that oh it's just so cool well
that's what that's happening in my head
I'm just committed myself you don't like
the beauty spot do Fleur Yousef was your
worst makeup hair or what's your worst
hair habit oh I think he needs to top
the holy breath 27 centimeters guys
comment comment below don't be evil if
you're evil you are gonna be blocked for
ever and bad things will happen to you
but comment below and let us know if you
think use of should cut his friend job
or grow it for forty five centimeters
like he wants to do you said 45
centimeters this we told me that they oh
I didn't hear a laugh after the joke
right 20 centimeters so why is it now oh
bloody he measured his head anyway well
okay what's one quote that you wish the
world would live by
I know the code put the hands away and
follow D to Tokyo never heard that or is
that racism that something something
about trying not not being able to
please everybody in the world so not
books something intellectual oh don't
judge me because I seen differently to
you don't judge me just because I sin
differently to you because like some
people like oh my god nail polishes are
haram why use it to her ah me but then
they eat like wine today eat the wine
use anyway there's a few but I'm sure
you can google is how long do you spend
getting ready every day well let me give
you example today as in this day which
is Saturday
x5 today I spent probably about an hour
getting ready only because this sweater
is quite short so I was looking for
something long to go underneath it so my
pony isn't armed the showing on the
YouTube so anyway I'll show you the full
outfit at the end of the video or
something so an hour but like when I do
my full face of makeup I'll also take an
hour but usually if I'm just wearing
clothes but not a full face of makeup
I'll take half an hour but today was
just extra long because I couldn't find
a finger to go underneath anything what
about you fluff how long do you take I
can alter that 10 seconds 10 minutes
that's a lie you take 10 minutes on your
hair alone so Allah you don't know
you're in the bathroom every morning I
don't hit the flush girl I don't hear
nothing go all I can smell is hair gel
no cousin I would hear and I could smell
know what I can smell his hair gel
basically ten minutes
Bob's in the background going blah blah
blah blah so what's your favorite video
on YouTube hmm oh god what's my favorite
video ever in the world there isn't one
no what's the favorite one ever a
favorite video on YouTube what which
ones that know the little is a wonder no
not from my videos of from YouTube's
world
yeah bunong and she's one of mine that's
just a vain hope you don't know but oh
that reminds me there's the video on
YouTube of this girl this young girl and
she's trying to sing a Whitney Houston
song excu and she keeps getting it wrong
and she gets really really annoyed I'll
try and find and leave the link in
description that's funny and the one
about the best cry in the world yeah so
we keep busy on YouTube of like of a
clip from some American talk show and
there's like men and one has just been
reconnected with his father after years
and then the father starts crying and he
just occurs like this again he's just
looking for ages I guess with Trembley
eyes Anushka you do a wicked ahh
I saw who is a youtuber that you watched
who deserves more views subscribers than
they have and then this youtuber who's
about Yusuf's age and he reminds me of
my brother use of actually like in a
different way anyway and he's called
sube tube and he's from America I
believe and he's all do you fluff 16 in
it I think he's like 16 or 17 or 18 some
like that anyway he's got wicked sense
of humor and his videos are really
really good but he needs to do more
videos cuz he Hardy doesn't he wells
Wells wells
to see hello I'm in my bedroom on the
windowsill yes I'm just filming video
before well anyway just so you know I'm
wearing a top top scarf okay bye
oh sorry urban Alfred's a scam sorry
yeah well no wow
yeah because guess what happened and
when he said no another guy took his
place I know what a total Dave oh well
oh man well we'll just meet him at the
premiere
well we are next quick before the baby
dies what's one thing you're excited
about in the upcoming year Christmas
time what's your most Awkward filming a
moment oh my god remember right when
Deena was like stop chatting no that's
not all quit know why most Awkward
problem oh man and is so boring was when
I first moved to London and I was
filming in my room and I live in a
shared house and there was a knock on
the door and it was the warden and she
wanted something and then I had to tell
her make youtube videos I don't know but
it's not something I brag about you know
making YouTube videos cuz like when
people ask me what I do I just say yes
I'm a stylist and the designer and I
also met YouTube video hmm and they're
like what is it yeah I'd like the men as
her so anyway he's just a bit awkward
because like she's like what are you
doing talking to a camera yourself in
the blood how long does it take you to
prep for a video well you know usually I
just get dressed and then I start
filming stow however long it takes me to
get low D really are you wearing pants
jeans skirt
right now or are you actually wearing
pajama bottoms or sweatpants I'm wearing
black skinny jeans and a top that's just
good what what you wearing again users
wearing jeans what are you most proud of
in your life what am I most proud of in
my life
my cat sushi for having two babies rush
that luck well done three sorry and one
died was washed the thing you're most
proud of in your life and we were saying
yeah of course much a lot well done
masha'allah spit on this no but also
sushi our lovely cat in Egypt to give
birth to babies and also who else Oh
crying what also proud of our little
brother Hassan Takuya for living in
Egypt without his little brother only
for one why are they brother older
brother and has to talk here we miss you
very much my lovely little lovely Justin
Bieber brother also very proud of what
else we proud of mum for being a mum I'm
gonna take my heels off now cuz they're
lying me there anyway and so sorry my
card if this just coming out like I
don't know what I go out well why but
anyway I think we should look at the
camera I'm say good bye good bye
no thanks for watching guys and until
next time keep it covered one no keep it
covered
keep it colored piece so next I can
cover it peace it'll ooyama wrinkles a
loser ah
