hi guys delight my bear and it's thank
you anyway
today's video is basically gonna be me
telling you guys about a website called
Bella - root comm there is on the screen
and quite cool website they've got loads
of designer gear on there from clothing
to jewelry to beauty products for you
makeup skin cleansing people you are
given the opportunity to vote which
items you want to go on sale basically I
know right if you have a look at my blog
post you know Tokyo Calm I did a little
info thingie on them because what
happened is I got one of these bracelets
this is called the Bella Ivy bracelet
and it's from their Ivy collection which
is a gorgeous gorgeous collection just
so you can don't mind the little cut
there that's not part of it you can
actually go onto the website and vote
for it to go on sale as well as other
bracelets from there Ivy collection so
check it out the top row is items that
are on sale and have been voted for the
previous week and are available to
purchase then the bottom row is items
that are available to vote for to go on
sale the week after that so so I would
have a look at that to be honest because
you get really good stuff for real good
prices the item that gets first place
votes will get 70% off in next week's
sale second place gets 50% off in the
next week sale and third place gets up
to 30% off in next week's sale so it's a
win-win situation basically all you have
to do is go onto the website register
which takes literally about 10 minutes
no that's a lie literally 20 seconds
swear down all I did was put my name and
email and then I was logged in so you
register and then basically you can shop
the sale and obviously it lets you
decide what you want to go on sale
unlike other stores where they just put
the crap on sale this time you get to
choose all you want on say hello Kay I
love it because it's one of those
bracelets that you can wear just over
the lovely evening outfit just on its
own as a statement piece or done hanging
beautifully there on your arm
but it's also one of those bracelets
that you can stack up with your watch
and Elisabeth accessories for your arm
part a okay
I haven't stacked and I haven't really
worn it elegantly either I've just put
it on with a casual kind of 90s inspired
outfit because you know me and my
redness but anyway there's a bracelet go
check out they've also got another Roman
one I think I think it's called the
Romans something and it's like a
gorgeous dark teal color with gold and
different and different patterns as up
okay Bella - I'm gonna have to take a
spell off because seriously tight I
wanted to wear it today but I think that
it's seriously tight and I would really
like to eat something today okay breathe
okay the first thing I would check out
is the IV collection a jewelry cause
that's really gorgeous I think that's
quite a new collection they've got on
there as well but they also have loads
of beauty products on the website for
sale as well which apparently a lot of
bloggers enjoy except for me because I'm
not into my face well that fell I am
into my face book you know I'm going to
take care of it that's a lie but you
know I mean not professionally anyway
thank you for purchasing a piece from
our Ivy collection proudly produced in
the UK oh yeah they're based in the UK
by the way great care has been taken in
creating the highest quality pieces to
ensure years of enjoyment please avoid
contact with harsh chemicals so things
like nail polish I suppose that means
don't maybe my wheat moisturizer hand
cream is a sorry if I look over there
cuz I'm over there but the comes of it
okay dear Dina thank you for accepting
Bella a stunning piece from our debut
jewelry line the IV collection fashion
may be fleeting but here at Bella Ruby
believe style is eternal our IV
collection has been crafted upon this
foundation
each piece is carefully constructed here
in the UK using the best materials and
plated with the finest gold great
attention has gone into our enamel work
using a vibrant flawless finish I wish
both you and Bette and Bella many years
of enjoyment to come how nice is that
you get a little letter that's lovely
anyway so there is gold plated I quite
like the nude color I think it
complements my skin
I don't know does it make up artists
please inform me not sure thank you guys
check out the intake it took on four
more pickies and don't forget to
register with belarus dot-com
till next time keep it covered peace
