hi guys and welcome to today's video
which is basically going to be a t-shirt
styling video but not really it's just
me showing you how I would wear a bunch
of t-shirts all of the t-shirts are
courtesy of red handed and they are a
teacher company based in Cardiff in
Wales right so I thought I'd film a
couple of their t-shirts for you guys
because they're pretty cool and the
owner is only 18 years old so you know
talented person let's not let it go
oh wait all righty I was gonna say is
that yeah so we'll just get started the
first t-shirt I'm wearing is a really
nice one it's the medicine t-shirt and
all of the t-shirts by the way are in a
size large and a slice large or medium
or extra-large and they're unisex so but
the designs are mainly more girly but
some of the designs are more girlier
than others okay so here's the first one
which you saw at the beginning there
they've got their logo at the bottom
there but this is only for like the
promo t-shirts if you do decide to order
a t-shirt this logo will not be there
you'll just have the lovely design so
this is the laughter medicine bottle
with 30 tablets 10 long ones 10 rolling
on the floor laughing ones and 10
laughing my ass off ones okay that's the
first teacher I've worn it pretty
predictable
I've just paired it with a blue scarf
which is from Paige a booster and then
with yellow trousers neon trousers
pretty pretty to go I thought we'd just
go simple for the first look so where's
my shin so I'll just show you the whole
look even though there will be plenty of
pictures on my Instagram and my blog a
walkie um anyway here's the outfit
darlings so there's the t-shirts lovely
oversized Hornet with these yellow
trousers and these like hmm heels which
are lovely
boring and play that's the first t-shirt
if you happen to have baggy trousers
what you can do is always tuck in the
side and have a casual kind of cool look
and I would then just go for any
oversized to bag okay I'd say this is
quite smart casual though but you've got
you can obviously go completely casual
but I just thought we'd do a couple of
different looks okay
hi guys okay so here's t-shirt number
two and it's called the jar of hearts
one for obvious reasons it's a loads of
jars with hearts in them of different
sizes depending on how big your heart is
okay ask yourself that all right
I've kept the same necklace on which I
believe is from the lovestruck on line
if you go check them out calm lazy dog
off obviously red-handed t-shirt I think
this is in a size large gone for more of
a London look London feel look with it I
haven't rolled these sleeves up this
time but obviously you can because
sleeve rolling up looks really nice or
leave the sleeves hanging if you are
conscious of your fat arse alright
anyway then I paired it with these
trousers that you guys have seen so many
times but I love them and they're from
Topshop these floral trousers it's
really make your face look like 3 truck
size but don't worry about it because
they're like chinos ok with these and
then just my normal Air Force Ones and
four more of these casual Street look
like a so so that's the complication
look and what you can't do in them add a
pair of heels bit more makeup obviously
with the casual look remove the red
lipstick I just put the on because the
gloves and then what I would do then is
go for a blazer you guys all know how
much I had a phase where I loved Blazers
especially white ones so go for a nice
smart blazing up some heels for the
evening and maybe a clutch back ok with
the first look babe you can had a
rucksack or a nice oversized shoulder
bag something like that just play around
accessorize you know there are many ways
to make t-shirts look may yummy okay so
here's the classic white blazer look
I'll just put these down try not to wear
sleeves underneath the t-shirt because
it builds up the arm and nobody likes
hockey arms so flatten the inside as
much as posible
I'll see bluey bleh yeah done without
ripping your blazer anyway and then I'm
just gonna go get some heels here we go
we'll try these
the DIY ones we did previously will have
a go with these shall we so here's the
look we're the Blazer and heels I'm just
going to show you now what it could look
like with a different kind of blazer
because if you have a look at the
trousers there are many colors in the
trousers so I've peg teal with the teal
in the trousers and now we're going to
pick a line look and go for a lilac
blazer see how they are links here it is
the lilac blazer and if you look at the
t-shirt there's no like on there but
just by adding it it's kind of reflected
the grade to look more like you know
what I mean if that makes any sense
whatsoever so and of course it goes with
the trousers I'll just back up a little
and show you there you go that's that
look then go on then to add heels
trainers converse wherever you Francis
boots or wherever you fancy okay so
here's the next look what I'm actually
gonna do is just keep this necklace on
for every single t-shirt because there's
too much fashion around with accessories
I can't deal with it right now
okay so his teeth it says freedom of our
prisoners but handed there's a picture
of man with the beard who's a meaning or
something like that
anyway anyway this is actually one of
the looks that me and Alyssa Tia did
yesterday and we did two different looks
for it the more casual war zone look and
the more glamorous war zone look and the
only difference we did was remove the
jacket add heels and a biro so it's very
very simple
anyway spiked bracelet which is very
common right now just to give it a
bullet
look okay and then we did the the nice
big camouflage kind of turban just
paired with my favorite denim jeans from
H&M and my
Air Force Ones that's the casual look
this fur kind of Palestinian scarf
patterned off which is from lazy doll
when it was open latest all by the way
is still in the middle of being
refurbished exception but it will reopen
with scarfs
these t-shirts etc anyway if any of you
want to know this jacket is also vintage
from Blitz in London which is in Brick
Lane is the big vintage department store
so anyway there's that t-shirt this is
actually one of my favorite ones I
didn't think it would be my favorite but
I think it's because of the outfit I'm
really into this look right now and it's
really funny because somebody tweeted me
the other day saying tweeted me a
picture the other day of Osama bin Laden
in an army jacket and a black Casio and
saying that's basically where the trend
started I suppose it is so it was
hilarious anyway I'm just going to show
you how we glam this look slightly more
up I think the same look but we've got
rid of the army jacket and you will
actually see some quite hilarious
pictures with this outfit ones I did
with Alicia she made me like get up on a
huge bush and wallet ladder and like
some crazy things because she's like a
crazy Italian so anyway what we've done
is added some chaff tastic earrings from
Primark where else and we still got this
collar on but I've just spread out the
material slightly over the shoulders a
little bit and roll the sleeves up as
you do with a baggy t-shirt and there
same jeans then and then we just added
these heels Selene look-alikes from
there you go there are the heels and the
whole look so there's the whole look
somebody asked me if this was real fur
obviously is it number one I'm not that
cool and number two I don't have money
for that ok um what else are they gonna
say anyway it's a great look because fur
is really in for winter 212 even if it's
fake ah anyway I'll just show you like
the last two looks now because I want to
go hi guys okay he's the second to last
t-shirt and this is I think one of
everyone's favorites because it's too
well known design so anyway this is an
extra large I believe and it's
obviously the Palestinian flag with the
peace sign and just spend it with my
black bowl tassel scarf rather than my
normal plain one just because you know
more of the ethnic feel going on there
what I've done is worn a pair of black
trousers with this see-through panel
skirt over the top just because why not
and then of course my Air Force Ones
over there obviously yeah that's the lip
piece for Palestine what else is it
gonna say okay just one more t-shirt to
show you guys and then I'll just wrap
the video up okay mm-hmm
this is the final t-shirt that I'll be
wearing for you guys and showing you I
haven't really styled it I've just put
it on basically because sometimes you
just need to let the t-shirt do the
talking okay so if you can't read it
says keep calm and wear a hijab and this
is in a size medium so if you like this
fit get this fit and I'm like a size 10
to 12 and I'm 167 centimeter so if
you're my kind of size here's what the
medium looks like okay Keep Calm wearing
hijabs looks like from Floyd okay I'm
just gonna show you guys some of the
other t-shirts they sent me that I am
yet to wear because just-okay
is this one which says if the shoe fits
then you will have a prince charming
okay no it just says if the shoe fits
there you go I'm just got a picture of
like a Cinderella shoes if you do go get
it show specs on how you style it Oh
then we've got this one which is quite
cool it's a picture of a brain and it's
a brain made out of hands
so that's scale inch going on there
alright this is one more for the boys I
would say yeah more for the boys yeah
okay next this is a nice one next we
have this one which is a picture of an
eagle picking up a bike because they are
strong then they can do that
okay pastel background there that's some
feeling back on lovely doublet and
finally we have the hide-and-seek
peekaboo
one which is this one over here and this
is actually the designers face that he
has scanned into the computer by putting
his face on and printing it onto a
t-shirt I'm joking you just did it
another way
okay there you go I quite like this one
as well I was gonna do I was gonna wear
this and take pictures like hiding my
face and like playing hide the seat and
stuff me and at least he also took
pictures with this t-shirt and she wants
one of these by the way red-handed crew
she wants one in a size small even
though she's not almost slim and she
doesn't wear it again she would like to
wear one which is great so well done
that's a lot of t-shirts guys I hope you
enjoyed that video remember you don't
have to wear any of the t-shirts the
same way I did it's just for ideas and
of course hopefully now this will get
your inspiration running and you know
just be experimental try adding a shirt
over the top try crop jumpers by nice
tweed jackets try anything you know you
can literally wear a t-shirt with
absolutely anything I would wear a
t-shirt to a wedding just gonna find the
right skirt that's all what else is
gonna say make sure you like right
handed on Facebook there's the link and
follow them on Instagram and check them
out anyway mmm
next video will be hopefully we've got
mail one I'm not sure yeah because a lot
of you guys email me saying did you get
this together and I haven't got anything
yet so I'm waiting so I can include it
what else oh yeah my scarf is worn a
little bit differently so like for a
tutorial it's a bit bit pointless cause
it's really similar if the top comment
is a giant tutorial request that I will
do a tutorial it's a- top comment then
we'll never do tutorial and getting my
entire life oh yeah - like some guys
keep calm and wearing gel
I'm just keep it covered please
