oh hey babe ah hi guys okay I know I
haven't like spoken to you guys in maybe
like a week or something ridiculous like
that and I know I said I'd come back and
do it I've got mail video I know I said
I'd do a t-shirt styling video but to be
perfectly honest with you I haven't had
any time to do that whatsoever whoa that
is like I am in Sahara Desert yes
gambling down in camps and but they are
still on the list so do not fear today's
video is going to be a video suggested
by somebody in my last video in the
comments and that is a how to wear a
loopy slash infinity style Scott so I
just thought I'd show you guys a couple
of ways to wear them how I might wear
them and that thought basically I used
to wear these like two years ago and
then I got a bit fed off of them just
because they got a bit bulky and now I'm
feeling of a bulk again so here we go
I'll just show you underneath I just
have a mood kind of small scarf as a
bandana then I have math allow it clip
but you don't have to wear that you just
put wherever you usually wear underneath
it such Rock cetera I think we've all
established how to do underneath our
scoffs anyway this loopy scarf is from
Primark and it was the four Guinea full
pounds and but they are really really
really easy to make and if you just join
the ends of a normal pashmina together
that's simple so basically just put it
around my neck and then you just lift
one side kinkow harder than I thought
bringing one side over my head and
leaving it to rest like sir remove
tickets because they are no longer
needed I've been working out anyway so
that's one way I would wear it with a
nice collar
top and a statement necklaces and if
you're not into wearing buns or turbines
and but you would like to show this kind
of decoration this is a great way to
wear Lucca they'll go ahead try that
whatever tubes use your common sense
let's remove the glasses for this
section use your common sense and you
know pin pin and pin as needed
head slightly too big so make it small
another great way another great way
sorry too
a loopy Scott is by basing on your hair
twisting it over roaming you this p0x Oh
like so obviously need to net around etc
making this pot smaller obviously not
showing you collar but then showing your
necklace for this video I'm gonna like
leave out the pinning of the scarf
because it takes too long for each one
so okay so there's another great way to
a loopy scarf which will just allow you
to show a lovely necklace etc and there
is from the side I do quite like this
oh so that's lik n√∫mero dirt from - and
let go onto the third little okay so for
looking ombre three you can see I just
twisted it around so I've got playing on
head and pattern on more head okay
and with this look you will need some
pins just do number twos him okay and
what you can do for this one's quite
wide is you're just going to double
layer it like a cell and as you can see
you still have plenty of coverage you
have a double layer it like so just
because you want to give it the kind of
look as if you've you know got a normal
kind of scarf on with all the layers
cetera et cetera et cetera okay then
what you can do with that second layer
is you're just going to do the hana
Tajima and you're going to pin over here
with one in and then what you're gonna
do is you're gonna do the hana Tajima on
the opposite side also like a sir
and then you're just gonna flatten
around your face and you either get a
pin underneath like stok or you're just
going to pin these two on the side I
don't have a couple of pinning so I'm
going to tuck into my bandana I'm just
gonna go get pain one sec my head is
blended into the background
just a face that's not live look guys
you need a head of drop pin alert uh-oh
so that's the habit asthma loopy scoff
inspired look and what you can do is
undo this pin and just leave it hanging
and show this business um and that's
that look okay the next slick it's more
of a bun look the cause can't miss out
the buttons what you can do for this one
is you're gonna grab your scarf be
wealthy and you're gonna bring it around
Luxor and you're going to place on your
head from the back like a bit okay
alright Selah so you've done there yeah
and then you're going to sort out around
your physics like make your head not as
big as right too much elbow going on
there okay then what you can do is
gather it up until you get to the gap as
you can see what I'm doing there then
you've got the gap so you have twist
over excited you see that and what you
can do is bring overhead as you would
since that's what's happening cuz you're
doing that okay so you bought overhead
you've tightened it the next look
basically of course feel free to add the
usual accessories which are basically
just glasses in my case this one would
be good for like pair of hoop earrings
go totally tantastic why not we all love
a bit of tool easier Cheryl Cole Jessie
J charmtastic okay moving onto the next
look and we're just going to follow on
from this one if you like the turban
esque
then what you're going to do is bring
this loop that you did and you're going
to just do one twist actually you're
just going to bring around your head
over here see over here and you're going
to twist it over like this what you're
left with is a really small hole you
keep twisting and twisting until you
have no hole and then what you're going
to do is you're going to bring these
twists over like here and you bring them
to the back of your
and I'm tuck-in just like we did in the
just like we do with the usual kind of
turban with a classic Terrance twist
something about batshit urban look
stick your glasses on Raj o'clock nice
bit of symmetrical mess going on for you
don't mind for the fat on my bad day
anyway
okay following on from that first turban
one you're going to do the same thing
and you're going to twist but this time
you're not going to tuck into the back
you're going to beat it to the side and
you can do the circle turban and then
what you're going to do is pin on the
side because you need to pin for this
one because I said so otherwise I'll
fall off and you look like a rabbit
again step in it
for darling and that's the circle Tobin
looks okay just bear in mind you don't
have to like all of these styles I'm
just trying to cater for everybody okay
so no need for unnecessary comments done
those two turban looks I could go on and
show you a couple of more and loopy
scarf turban looks but I'm pretty sure
you guys can figure out your own style
try tying it and it will give you a
weird kind of bow effect I'll give you
the other tropical looks just go crazy
see what you come up with okay now for
the final look um what you can do is
just bring it over your head like you
normally did and then take the glasses
off like you did in the beginning
you can do this pin on one side just to
keep it nice and flat unless you like
the point then you know just sort out
ranch face high like I like it to be
relatively flat to thee everybody honest
with you sometimes I do when a kid I
bring this bit kind of over like like
this and that's him just to give a
facial flow alright anyway you've done
that then what you can do is you going
to twist and you're going to bring over
head like so
make it quite nice even like this now
you can leave it like this but I'm not
going to leave it like this
I'm going to bring the edge of the back
and I'm going to bring it over my head
sort out all these twists and falls so
it looks quite natural bring go bring up
some phones if you like the lioness look
as you all know I love sometimes a
little too much so there you have it
this one isn't too great for showing
necklaces but of course you can always
take your necklace off and bring it over
and secure it right over here placing it
on top of your scarf instead of
underneath it okay there you go
of course you can make it shorter at the
front I'm bringing it to the back like
so and then it does allow your necklace
to show and then you've got some Flowage
around down there okay so of course try
playing around with it as in like if you
make your own loopy scoffs try using two
different fabrics getting different
patterns etc etc if you can be bothered
if you can't then don't bother but there
you go these are the ways I can wear my
loopy scarf hope you enjoyed that video
next two videos will definitely be
t-shirt styling one and got mail will be
some time pretty soon okay I'll come on
before I finish off I might as well show
you my outfit cuz I at it might give you
an idea or something I would like to
think this outfit would be good for
pretty much an office slash work look a
bit more smashed out I would say anyway
scoffs as you know from Primark this
jump that is from Vero Moda underneath
I'm just wearing a plain white shirt
from H&M just match the top with these
lovely trousers from H&M and then just
add my spare of work heel you can check
out my pictures on Instagram at D to
Tokyo and you'll see all of these as
well as utopia dope got my blog okay
there we go I don't think I would wear
this scarf with the outfit although it
does kind of go mixing prints and all
that but I would probably go for a plain
scoff just
not feeling the leopard prints on this
golf but I just got it because the loopy
Scarfo needs to do a video and I can't
be bothered to make chrono case anyway
guys thanks for watching until next time
keep it covered peace
