good evening sir would you like to
change o internet service providing just
one second you'll never guess what I did
yes see if you can guess I filmed this
video already and then you know like
when you go back and look at the video
to see if it's filmed well etc I went
and deleted it so here I am
they let me get again will be do dar de
yeah apologies if it's slightly rushed
or slightly not feeling it cuz I'm
already spoken about these items by
anyway right what was I going to say um
though August favorites my favorites
videos aren't usually that helpful
because I usually use the same kind of
things every month I didn't usually
change my favorites but I just like
doing them because it means I get to
have more of a chitchat video rather
than anything else kind of video okay my
first August favorite has been water and
I think I did show this in July
favorites and but it was a different
bottle of water and it doesn't really
make a difference to me as long as I
have a bottle of water then I'm good
because like I said before I don't like
the UH stairs and getting water from the
top because it means I might bump into
people and have to socialize I'm I don't
really like socializing so he go heystop
introvert Dena Tokyo and I drink this
all the time into my room I can't
believe I'm filming this again I'm
actually so annoyed about it anyway next
August favorite is this scarf which is
similar to the one of my head in terms
of the shape and size so anyways this
scarf you would have seen it in a lot of
pictures because I just literally wrap
it around everything by the way it's
lovely isn't it and it's actually
vintage and it was a tenner and I
literally wear it all the time and you
would have seen pictures on Instagram on
with it on my head in this same style
I'll similar to this term assault anyway
I think I showed these in July by
current members ever since I bought them
I blitz you've been wearing them every
day if I did show you in July favorite
so you can see that they're slightly
more wound up because I wear them every
single day except for days obviously
when I wear sandals cuz that's all
yeah next favorite is actually relating
to the trainers and that is these socks
that I bought from Primark see usually
when I wear like Footwear I don't wear
socks and it's really bad because my
feet get like really like hard and just
like
just really bad feet so socks by boy in
a pack of six I believe from Primark for
let something like two pounds fifty
which i think is fine diagnose you and
they're so soft and like new and lovely
there you go socks I'm gonna start
wearing pattern socks as well with my
trainers or with my shoes because I want
to look like a gay TV presenter like my
sister
okay so see walk sees there's the used
pair o next August favorite has been
this bracelet which I've been wearing
quite a lot to be honest since I got it
and he was actually said to me in the
post from lovestruck online I think her
name is Asma from lovestruck online she
usually sends me a lot of things this
actually came in a set with a necklace
and a ring and I'm supposed to be
showing you this in the got mail video
I'm gonna do that next in shot a lot if
not then the video off the next so got
that thanks for that I really like it
spiky you know spiky nice dangerous in
this blusher I think it's a blush shade
you know in what there might be a I
shadow nice to show let me see
and it's like pink with coral and I've
been using the coral side with my
blusher brush and I've just been paying
up up here just underneath my eye and
after I use my normal bronze he kind of
blush I just been putting up here I
don't know why I just like highlight I
don't know I think that's what all the
makeup artists tell you to do anyway
from word or cosmetics which is from
Indonesia and it's part of the pact that
they gave me when I was there so thanks
for that
darlings oh this is my next August
favorite and it's my total favorite it's
this hemp and protector from the body
shop
and usually this this size cheap is 10
pounds but it was on sale for 5 pounds
so that's why I bought it cuz imma tell
cheapskate so here it is and it's made
out of wheat or an ingredient yeah it's
made out of wheat that's not me just
told me hey is that weed other body
weight it's so good for your hands
because usually my hands get like really
dry and ugly and wrinkly because of the
washing up unlike DIY stuff so and I
usually don't take care of my hands at
all so this has been
really really found our be nosy they go
help and cream from the body shop go get
it I've also been using got on my feet
because my feet need it so I would
suggest for you guys to do the same and
clothing see like I don't really have
like like a lot of youtubers do they up
their monthly favorites and they put a
lot of beauty products a lot of you guys
ask me what's your like daily facial
routine I don't really have one I just
moisturize in the mornings and I showed
you what moisturizer I use in the last
in July favorites and just moisturize
and like wash my face you know anyway
next favorite is this bag which you
would have seen again in a lot of
pictures which is just a nice little
rucksack thing from Primark of course
and it was 9 pounds I believe and I mean
like it's actually really small it's a
lot smaller than it looks like all the
same size in my head they go see and
I've been using it a lot you would have
seen it on Instagram like too many times
but because in London is so hard to like
it's not hard but it's so uncomfortable
to walk around all day like if you're
out all day with a bag that sits by here
like this or even one that goes on
shoulder it's just so hard because
you're always wary of like it pocketers
and stuff it's just it really aches my
arm really really hurts because I
usually have really heavy bags I just
needed something like to just put on the
back and like walk off you know I mean
so ok last favorite this is my total
last one it's this denim jacket which
you would have also seen on Instagram I
really don't know if I've showed you any
of this stuff I don't go back and watch
my videos except for when I first upload
them so sorry for half but there's still
my favorites you know so it's this
jacket which is the denim jackets and
it's vintage from Blitz vintage in in
blue brick lane Bengali central like if
you get to Brick Lane even the signs are
in Bengali writing which is so cool
anyway I'm just gonna try not to show
you you would have also seen this on
Instagram with with this scarf actually
I was wearing it with this cough so hey
it's really good because in London the
weather is like kind of cold kind of not
during the day I can be very annoying so
I needed like a lightweight jacket so
show you it it was really nice and
lightweight with a little hood with a
nice little hood there and I just wear
this a lot I do wear this a lot and I do
like the hood when I had a turban style
because like sometimes you just need you
just need to wear your hood by the way
if any of you guys want mustache sticks
I was looking online and they're like 12
pounds for a packet which I don't think
is worth it so I just went to made it
just go by cocktail sticks I'm some
black cardboard and put it together and
you're done like a sir like a g6 okay
there you go anyway that's my August
favorites next video is either gonna be
got mail video or um
turban tutorials you guys want to know
how I did my bun style scarf in the the
neck in how I wear my neck scarf video
and and you also wanted to know how to
do the bow scarf the bow I'm turban and
some of you also wouldn't ask to do this
one they all very similar to the turban
video that I did back in December and
I've actually never done one for the
normal bun style which is weird I don't
know why I never did that video because
you think about it I did that style
about two years ago I never did a
tutorial and I don't know why and it's
more like the African style so anyway
that's that's see you in the next video
and oh yeah as well I'm still getting
loads of like well not loads but a
couple of like comments like oh god take
those glasses off you old granny etc and
I've mentioned this in a video probably
about six months ago don't let my
glasses and all you guys cuz remember
they're on my face not yours because
they're just glasses at the end of the
day and if anybody wants to know where I
get them from all of them are basically
from Primark except for one pair which
were said to me from Australia when I
did the Australian swap oh and another
thing you know a lot of you guys know
that I like to do tops underneath my
eyes and sometimes just to clarify I'm
not part of like a weird cult or evil
thing you're just gonna have dots under
my
I just like to do it they're just dots
made with ink eyeliner you just got that
boom anyway apparently it's cool now
because I'm Ishihara the my fellow
Malaysian blogger sent me a picture on
Instagram or tagging one of one of Anna
soo and a series models with a blue dot
in the same section which means this is
now officially cool so you know I just
started doing two dots now because I
yeah why not
see I don't usually like see when I
started it I don't like wearing eyeliner
underneath my eyes like as in drawing it
on I think that makes my face look too
dark overall so I wanted something there
so I just did a dot and I just thought
it was cool I was originally
experimenting by drawing tears
underneath but obviously I'm not gonna
go out with tears on my face away No so
there you go oh
not to forget next Thursday I'm gonna be
in in Oxford Street with Alyssia a
photographer a female photographer
because she's a woman and him I'm gonna
be in Oxford Street at 3 p.m.
outside Oxford Circus station with
Alisha I'm Xena another blogger designer
we're gonna be there doing street style
photos so if you're 18 and over do come
along we have a nice street to get
together and take photos of all of our
clothes so make sure you dress to
impress not too much though black casual
like your own kind of style casual and
come along you'll get good you'll get
great professional pictures streets all
ones if you're bloggers if you're just a
nice pictures you'll get all those and
you might have a chance to be in a
magazine because basically at least you
is doing a project on hinge a fashion
so almost limitation anyway so do color
come along to that will be there
probably till about six if there's
enough girls there will take loads of
photos together photo separately any of
you are like well we're open to ideas of
what kind of like creative directing you
might have etc but we're gonna take some
photos together basically that's the aim
of next Thursday the 6th us at that
mystics of September if any of you guys
have College and you're over 18
obviously an you want to come then come
along after college around 4 o'clock
will still be there till about 6 o'clock
say but anyway tweet me on Twitter at D
to Tokyo if you would like to come along
as well
just so I have a vague image of how many
are coming but check out my Facebook
page for more details on that and well
okay I'll see you in the next video
maybe with a jet tutorial maybe with
like fun style tutorials or with the got
mail video either way till next time
here we got it a piece
