whattcha need you it's the call of the
wild
something animal more than physical
satisfy me cuz I'm falling apart
synchronicity in our chemistry not
for me to want your love
we um
need you
satisfy me girl
you know what I'm just going to talk
instead of play the music thing because
I have expected you guys popping ages
okay so don't know that was like lick
number six or seven I don't know where
they go next look we're gonna play
around with now um if we can just find
the knot where is it okay yeah that's
the next look you're gonna tighten it
basically around you're gonna bring this
bit over here and you're gonna have the
necklace showing like a so maybe neaten
up so it's more of a circle of the
necklace showing there you go see what I
mean
now we must untie it so I do not
strangle myself okay the next kind of
look that I like to do is just opening
up in a square okay don't triangle it or
anything and then just putting it over
as if you are doing a baby's bib
bringing that bit around and then just
getting the long bit again
it's over like a sir so just flick it
over once and it looks like this nice
and um nice and lovely and um elegant
let it flow if you want you can pin it
up here you know do a couple of things
now I'm doing a video another thing I
like to do is to do the triangle thing
as usual and start twisting it and then
just wearing it like that twisted quite
nicely just as a more of a necklace then
scarf because it's nice and skinny hey
you know me
okay now I've had enough of talking so
going to go back to the music all right
what you need you is to color the world
something animal
satisfy me cuz I'm falling apart
synchronicity in our chemistry not a
go
me too want your love
I know you guys hate this one but doing
what you need you it's a call of the
wild
something animal more than physically
satisfy me cuz I'm falling apart
synchronicity in again
not a
oh okay here's for the Turkish girls
this is a textile done a lot neater than
this but I just had security go
I live with loads of Turkish girls so
you know big up he has a space for her
Turkish roots as well I got a bit taken
me by enough where to take a song anyway
back to the music
gotcha need you as a call of the world
something animal more than physical
status famiiy cuz I'm falling apart
synchronicity in a chemistry
not a siren goal
I want your love
we um never
come on okay
another thing I like to do with the long
ones is have a short like that
bring your over like I did in the
previous and then help him I liked it
make it fat and I just like to let it
hang on one shoulder I like to knot it
on one side I like to the other side to
hang along one shoulder usually I do
this kind of thing when I'm wearing
tight tops because it gives a nice kind
of coverage thing and it flows a lot
more elegant you can order me for our
living another thing I to do with a long
one I haven't done this in ages but when
you reign scared and then say you don't
have a fancy top just wear one of those
tight under tops and leaf and stick
let's go and just drape a scarf over
your shoulder possibly not the skeletal
one but you never know you might have
some kind of Halloween party to go to
and you just wear it at the top that
comes by the arms another thing I like
to do sometimes usually in the winter
then what you need you is to color the
world something animal more than
physical satisfy me doesn't fall in a
bar
synchronicity in chemistry who remembers
back in the days two years ago when I
started doing my loopy scoffs also now
known as infinity skulls
um that's a good way to DIY it just tie
it yourself
oh there's another one I know I showed
you this one but same idea with um the
UM rectangle scoffs just tighten it
around your neck like so and bring the
long side out like here and that looks
great when you have a nice necklace to
show alternatively you could loosen it
slightly and what I like to do when I
have the scarf around my head is bring
the necklace on top of the skull like a
so okay there you go
so another idea the very nice fairy
fairy paradise okay I take my glass off
one second these knots these knots how's
everyone's aid going so far great all
right who didn't dress up like me at all
right
usually the week off say there's a lot
of eight parties and like events so
that's one other side anyway you know
food also lots do
we'll go back to the triangle scoffs so
square ones I mean sorry square ones
another thing I like to do with um
square ones I like to just I don't fold
them over completely so they're slightly
bigger triangles and then I like to go
tight like this as usual tying it tying
it tying it and I like to have it draped
over a shoulder of course as well this
tends to work usually with cotton square
scarfs a lot better because and they're
usually slightly bigger than this square
scarf and then you'll do the hidden not
things I just did and hide that and then
drape over one side etc okay what you
need you is to color the world something
animal more than physical status famy
doesn't fall in a pond
synchronicity in our chemistry not a
go
for me to want your love
we
we up
visit satisfy me
that's not supposed to be an upside-down
Bo's but don't worry
practice makes perfect what you need you
it's a call of the world summon animal
more than physically satisfy me cuz I'm
falling this could look cute with the
right kind of scoff pattern and possibly
no necklace
possibly a longer necklace never know
what you made us a call of the wild
summon animal more than physical satisfy
me cuz I'm falling apart synchronicity
in a chemistry not a
and go
I want your love
we up
that's another thing to do use the
smaller silly scoffs as as your main
scarf accessories and you do end up
looking like a older let's say Egyptian
woman typical looking Egyptian woman but
don't worry it can be made to look
really chubby and chubby is totes cool
all right what you need you it's a
collar the world something animal more
than physically satisfy me cuz I'm
falling apart synchronicity in again
Oh
go
for me to want your love it
we all know I never
me
we up
lay out all the ways I can think of
right now hopefully you guys can come up
with your own ideas and realize that my
simple scarf get out of my video can
really change your outfit sometimes and
really make you out you're gonna be in
the video my brother wants to just say
hello gone then fluff say hello his name
is Yusuf what I say fluff like fluffers
cuz it's cute isn't it fluff yeah right
Eid Mubarak and stuff oh yeah you
haven't wished them yet gone then give
them a little message love darlin you
really from fluff you use us a bit of a
trendy trendy little boy himself
big boy should I say is you're quite
tall aren't you fluff right putting this
my normal way now oh here's another way
by the way just don't do the triangle
scrunch it up his ass Karen do a tie
instead of doing knots as well I like to
use pins a lot but they go well there's
the bow for you I'm joking you look like
a dragon tuck it into you're pulling it
one take it in chip on the neck there
you go anyway as I was saying hopefully
you guys can come up with loads of ideas
now that you're letting your hands
experiment with your next class
rectangle or square ones and post up
your your attempts or your scoff your
neck scarf wraps on instagram and
hashtag it as Deena daily or Dina Tokyo
or Dina's gone do you know something so
I can see and stuff follow use of on
Instagram what's your name on Instagram
fluff user talk here Youssef spell Y
double o what is it why you hide spell
it you're not even in the camera me
how do you spell your Instagram use why
oh forget it
hablo sua Oh
dinnertime tio w kie
okie dokie guys see you later
let me know what videos you'd like to
see with my brother my brother is Yousef
and Hassan because I wanted them to get
into a video
shut up your crap I wanted them to go
into video with me before but they were
just goofing around too much so let me
know what you'd want to see them do in a
video and then maybe we can do that
disgusting you pick oh and then maybe we
can do that in the next video alright
till next time and also there are 10
times til next time you covered peace
doesn't he need a haircut yeah I think
there nope don't do the hair flick Haram
okay slow make them I have something
else tell you what completely forgot oh
yeah I love you guys are asking what's
happening with lazy dog and the website
is closed down completely right now and
it's being refurbished and hopefully
will be done in about two weeks
inshallah so excited for that and loads
of other stuff happening but I'll tell
you in next video okay like so without
further ado thank you for watching guys
and till next time please keep it
covered peace
