hi guys I'm back with another video and
this time I'm gonna try my hardest to
look at the lens because you all hate me
when I look at myself I feel very
low-energy to be honest with you which
is kind of annoying because I need a bit
more energy for this video but before it
all runs out let's get straight into the
video I'm gonna go through my January
favourites with you I'm also gonna go
through January flops or fails with you
and that's what we're doing now alright
so the first fail of January for me has
been this book George and Holly and the
magic potties if you watch my most
recent vlog on my channel you'll see me
attempting to potty train Hannah and I
bought this kit for her from Mothercare
and it was made cheap it was only 5
pounds because it was in the sale but
there isn't it's 20 pounds and it comes
with this book and there like a chart
and a bunch of stuff that you can see
first of all you know what the text is
designed really crap the illustrations
alright but like the text in general
it's got way too much writing to sit
there and read it to her without her
being like next page mama hurry up and
basically when the kids get on the potty
their parties become magic and they're
like fly away and do all this magic
stuff it's not waking mama and she means
it's not flying and I'm like no the
working bit needs to be the Pooh or the
wee Hannah are you peeing or we just
frustrated me cuz I was like this is
just long and tedious and it's confusing
her
that's the first fail okay in terms of
like makeup and skin care and beauty
kind of stuff there isn't that many
fails in there because I haven't had
that much time in January to test out
enough products but the first thing that
came to mind when I was thinking about
skincare was this botanics the power of
plants hydrating day cream the
consistency of the cream and the way it
sits on my face and takes me literally
minutes to fully rub into my face is so
annoying like I just like a cream that
literally sinks into my skin and leaves
me feeling hydrated and soft straight
away rather than me having to really rub
it in to get the white cream into my
skin that really annoys me that cream
has been a proper flop for me in January
next fail is this L'Oreal actually sorry
can I just put out there L'Oreal this
month has been a flop in general okay we
all know why I'd like to play around
with my hair a lot and I like to change
the color of it a lot and I'm forever
trying out new hair products by the way
you don't get to see a lot of it because
well because I have been going through a
phase where I've been trying color
sprays and they they advertise this one
day colors and you don't need to bleach
your hair before I have to get the color
you just spray it on wherever you want
it on your hair and it pretty much gives
you that color as much as it does work
you can't bloody get it out so like if I
was to spray this now on my pink hair it
would take me probably tons of
washes to fully get that color out of my
hair which is really annoying because it
supposed to be a temporary thing and on
top of that when you spray it on your
hair it leaves your hair feeling very
strange it leaves it feeling like gritty
but also like grippy it's like when
you're like stroking your hair like the
indentations in your finger are getting
stuck to your hair
if it feels gross it also just makes
your hair look like you've piled on
tons of gel and the gel has dried and
cracked don't waste your time on those
one day color sprays if your hair is
already colored because it will ruin
your existing color and it doesn't feel
very nice now listen this is from it
cosmetics I love it cosmetics the
cosmetic side of things anyway this is
the first time I've used this brush
cleaner I used it in January they sent
to me a while ago it's an instant brush
cleaner
basically and all you have to do is
spray it on your brush and then give
your brush a wipe and it's supposed to
like clean it spray directly on to brush
hair gel
you won't put the tissue or towel to
remove makeup residue repeat as needed
lay flat to dry for 60 seconds it's very
tedious it doesn't really get the
product out and it's very very oily I
feel like it's just a bit of a waste of
time really when it comes to cleaning
your brushes it doesn't really do the
job I get how maybe you wanted to just
have a quick clean but not full clean on
your brushes to use it really haven't
enjoyed this for me it cosmetics so H&M
H&M has been a flop in January we also
all know why I am honest have been a
flop oh my god I know let me just take
you somewhere to show you what else has
been a huge fail this month this room
SIDS office
is the biggest fail of the month I hate
this room the whole house is pretty much
completed we just need a few finishing
touches here there and this is SIDS
office guys this this way here do you
know what's the fail this whole room
yeah we go do all of this all of these
spaces nice nice nice nice as you are
you would do all of this stuff for
filming yeah do all of that do all of
that and then Deena chooses to film in
the corner another humongous
fail of this month is Hoover and it is a
Dyson Hoover guys if you guys have been
watching me for a while my last
favorites video that I've done which is
definitely about a year ago now I
featured a Dyson Hoover in it since that
Hoover we've had that one for a few
years now Sid went ahead and bought
another Dyson Hoover but he made the
grave mistake of going back to cord and
we have barely used it I hate it with a
passion let me show you it so this is
the Dyson Hoover in question guys I
don't know what model is or whatever but
it's pretty new it's so annoying to go
back to a cord full Hoover after being
used to a cordless one and it's very
very heavy but look like coming for
God's sake if I was to just like start
using it now I've got it untangled all
of this and then now I just can't I
can't deal with it right that's actually
it for the fails of the month guys so
I'm gonna jump straight into the first
favor of the month and that is gonna be
this Dyson Hoover which is the updated
version of the one that we had way
back I don't know what model it is but
this one and it's called less or
wireless wireless alright if I just show
you guys how much easier it is to use
them the cord cord for one and the cord
one basically here we go this is my
absolute baby I use it every single day
you literally just hook it off the wall
all you do is you press this button
right here oh you see that I'm doing
this with my left hand I don't even need
strength guys if you want some more
power you just switch this to max and it
gets really strong then
look at that my friends my favorite
moisturizer and this is just a sample
size that I have which I found actually
while I was scraping the last bits out
of the regular size top out and I need
to go buy another one
but it's the road isle stem-cell magic
gel ten-in-one hydrator for an
eight-hour sleep effect with advanced
stem cell technology me and Sid rinsed
the out of the regular-sized tub of
this and that's why it finished so
quickly because I was basically sharing
it was so annoying it's amazing
I wear it at night before I sleep when I
wake up my skin feels so smooth but also
I'll just use it as a moisturizer before
going out and it literally feels like
it's peeling off your face I love
it
next up is this really random lip
plumping balm that I got sent in the
post I think is from a brand in South
Africa and it's called a new color new
color and it's a pink tint I wear this a
lot if I'm not wearing makeup or I'll
wear it underneath my lip color today
for example it is the most effective lip
plumping product I think I've ever used
when you put it on you little feel your
lips burning very very subtly but bloody
hell does it give you an instant
plumpness to your lips and not only is
it very effective but it also lasts for
a lot longer than like regular lip
plumping lip glosses which can last for
like I don't know what half an hour I
really have been enjoying this a lot too
eyebrow products that I actually have on
my brows today and first one is benefit
3d brow tones and it is a really good
brush it's a very very precise subtle
brow enhancing highlight and I just
brush it on my actual brow hairs and it
keeps them nice and fluffy but also adds
you know that nice light brown kind of
color and then the next brow product is
this YSL catch-all brown marker and I
love it because it's literally like a
marker pen with an angled tip I've had
times in my life where I'm doing my
brows and I just think I just want to
get a felt tip that's got a good angled
thing and let you just be able to draw
them on really easily I use this very
lightly because it's a little bit too
dark for me but I use it just underneath
here to give myself like a nice straight
line give myself a bit of an arch and
give myself a nice neat tip on the end
same
this side but very very lightly I can
use it a lot heavier when my brows are a
bit darker as well which is quite nice
you can kind of control the deepness of
it next is this fancy beauty lip gloss
now her first lip gloss that she
launched was also amazing but I
particularly like this one because it's
got I've got it on today by the way I
think it's very very natural you want to
do your everyday kind of makeup where
you don't want to look packed in it you
just want to look a bit fresh and it's
very light it's very very pleasant on
the lips I like the packaging as well
I'll just put a little bit on the back
of my hands here you can see that's what
you needed to see then we have this
favorite which is from it cosmetics
since I've been using this like it's
just my ultimate favorite thing and it's
the tight line three-in-one black primer
eyeliner mascara and it's just the
perfect thing for somebody like me who
when I wear false lashes I might have a
bit of a gap and I need to fill it in I
need to just tight line my lashes it's
the easiest way to do it without making
a bloody mess look how thin and precise
that wanders I really love this I really
really love this from it cosmetics
then we have this hourglass ambient
lighting powder diffused light and I use
this every day if I'm gonna put
something on my face without fail and
it's been a favorite of mine for
probably over two years now and it
definitely would have featured in my
last favorites video 100% I bloody love
this I literally use it every day like
I'm going abroad in a few days whenever
I go go abroad I can't not bring this
with me if I forget this I have a panic
attack right then we have this Shibata
brow strengthening organic cast oil now
it's not so much about the cast oil
because you can get castor oil from
anywhere for pretty cheap it's more
about the packaging and the easy
application of this cast oil and the
versatility of it because of how it's
packaged so whenever I do my glossy kind
of lid look which is not done very well
today but when I do like a full makeup
look with it maybe you guys ask me how
do I get the glossy lids I basically
just roll this on my eyelids it's
literally all I do I just roll it on and
sometimes I go all the way up to the
brows I'll even do this one I don't have
any make
whatsoever because I think it just looks
nice and also at the same time seeping
into my lashes and working on
strengthening my lashes and making them
longer recently a lot of you guys have
been commenting on my lashes and how
well they look they don't look so well
now and that's because I haven't had a
lash perm in probably like - coming up
to three months but when I do get a lash
perm you can really see the length and
the thickness of them and that is all
thanks to pretty much using this almost
every day even if it's just a tiny bit
on my lids and then it seeps in I don't
use it so much on my eyebrows unless I
want to kind of style them a bit or I'm
going for that look wet look up there as
well but not so much on my brows but I
had to rebuy this about three times now
over the last year so that's not bad
really if I've had to just buy three
over the last year and I use it every
day so right then we also have these
hand creams from Joe Malone that I
recently shared on my Instagram they
actually come in a set of three I've
lost the third one and I'm really gutted
about it I have no idea where it's gone
because I was packing for London and
that I had to unpack because we have to
cancel London and I literally don't know
where the third one's gone it's really
annoyed me because since I've had these
which is about the last maybe ten days
of January I've used them every single
day and they've really helped my hands
it's the kind of hand cream where you
can literally put it on you don't feel
like you have to let your hands air dry
for minutes before you can do anything
it really melts it very nicely and the
smells are beautiful to be honest with
you you're probably going to see your
favorites from Joe Malone in my monthly
videos all the time next up we have a
hair product this is the Aussie three
miracle oil lightweight oil treatment
for normal to fine hair I hate putting
oils on my hair because it's sticky it's
uncomfortable it gets your pillows all
oily it's just not a pleasant feeling
but I picked this up about ten days ago
and since I picked it up I've put it on
my hair every single day because it
really is suitable for every day
especially if you're someone like me and
you're into bleaching your hair and
colouring it a lot and your hair can be
quite dry from that this really helps to
put the moisture back into your hair
without feeling oily and disgusting it
doesn't make it look grease
I mean not as much as other oils it
doesn't feel really it smells amazing
you know sometimes if you put too much
coconut oil in your hair or castor oil
doesn't have a particularly nice smell
but this is a combination of macadamia
nuts oil safflower seed oil and coconut
oil another hair product is crazy color
hair dye I don't go and buy permanent
colors or anything I just buy these
really basic crazy color semi-permanent
color creams the choice of colors they
have is ridiculous and it really allows
me to basically be a bit of a scientist
in a lab and I get loads of different
colors I mix them together I try them on
my hair I see what shades I can make you
know when I went gray it was the first
time I could go gray almost successfully
and it was thanks to crazy color because
they have different kinds of Silver's
and Gray's that you can kind of mix with
natural black colors it really really
helps experimenting and they are
semi-permanent and they really do wash
out quickly if you guys watch my vlogs
you'll see that this pink color was a
lot stronger and I told you guys it'll
take me what five ten washes to get it a
way lighter pink it's taking less than
that already which is so good for me
great cheap so get mine off Amazon Next
Day Delivery whenever I need them and I
have a drawer full of loads of different
colors right we are onto the last two
favorites of January now if we go back
to the fails and I mentioned that potty
training book well this is the
alternative and it's called Lulu's Lou
and Hannah actually chose this for
herself from a charity shop my mom was
like take her into a church shop let her
choose toys from there don't always let
her get new things she'll be spoiled
so anyway Hannah picked this book from
child shop it did grossed me out of it
because I was like obviously another kid
learn to put your train with this what
if this and piss on the book but
it's fine whatever any success I have
had with potty training is because of
this book and obviously because of my
persistence which by the way my
persistence is which is why I
haven't been able to successfully potty
train her yet because I've started then
stopped gone away
we've gone traveling we moved started
stopped got lazy thought she's not ready
it's kind of my fault but now that we're
going away again I'm just gonna not do
anything until we've come back and
hopefully I can just concentrate on it
properly please God
Lulu's Luke check it out it's very it's
quite good because she you can like to
do up the naki your kid can do up the
nappy basically there's a bit of sensory
I always find the sensory stuff in books
is but they try it's very enjoyable
to read ok the final favorite is also a
children's book and this is a lot of you
guys are gonna remember you're gonna be
like nostalgia the tiger he came to tea
so Hannah loves it when I read her this
book because they also do at nursery but
more importantly I love it I love it
when she chooses this book to read
because sometimes you know as moms I'm
sure you'll all know when you get your
kid to choose the book and they come
back with the same one and it's a really
tedious boring book and you're just
there skipping few pages like this one I
love I think I love it more because of
the nostalgia and the fact that it was
read to me as a kid although it does
enforce some gender stereotypes it's
more about the nostalgia and the
memories that I have for this book the
imagination it created in my head when I
was a kid of like having this Tiger
coming to tea who else come on who else
remembers it slightly who gives tea is
the best thing ever honestly that's it
guys for my favorites and fails of
January 2018 let me know if you want to
see a February one if you want me to do
this as a monthly thing let me know I
could even you know evolve this into
current affairs and things are actually
happening you know in the world and
speaking just a little bit does the road
tire a little bit I really enjoyed
making this video I hope you enjoyed it
too I need to make the thumbnail now
I'll see you next week with another
video don't forget to watch me
throughout the week though on my vlog
channel the link for that is in the
description and that's it thanks for
watching til next time bye
