guys I lost my nose ring so I have to
stick with a stud how depressing I need
to find another nose ring mm-hmm mm-hmm
anyway today's video I'm bringing you
guys a shopping haul don't know why I
sound ill it's probably because I woke
up approximately an hour ago that's just
too soon for me to film anyway
gonna bring you guys shopping haul
because the other day I went to Oxford
Street just to browse really and to help
my friend get some makeup but there I
saw some things and there was a bit of a
sale going on I bumped into this girl
called fazer and she was like following
me around like a total lunatic totally
joking hi favor if you're watching and
yeah so we did a bit of shopping
together and just got a couple things
because it's good sale on the first
thing I got is this necklace which I've
been wearing so I'll show you now and
it's from Primark and I quite like it
because it's got the spike business but
it's also got the pearl business going
on and I was looking for something like
that to add like a bit of girly girly to
the spiky spiky to go with my jumper
Whomper jammy
I also got this jumper which is from new
lick and I'll just show you guys you
know me I quite like my like knitwear
jumpers and my slouch kind of jumper
kind of thing so I got this because
there is no summer in England and this
is good for a summers day I guess in
England
so I wait before I get started showing
you guys the other things I got just
want to make a little bit of a point
because you're starting to annoy me a
little bit if you're not all of you let
me slip the stag off on a jegging not
all of you just like a few people who
are saying not very nice things on
social networking sites to do with me
and my last video the what to f/8 video
and I put together for you guys well
whoever it was who asked anyway like a
lot of you guys are saying you shouldn't
wear this as her arm because you have to
wear agent clothes fade well I've got
some news for you I'm not actually Asian
I know right I know I look Pakistani or
Indian or whichever one is but I'm not
actually Asian so I don't know why I
would have to wait agent clothes I
that's not an Islamic thing either
people might think it's Islamic because
Asian clothes are very covering but
they're also very very blingy blingy
blingy and I don't wear blingy blingy
blingy a lot whatever really so yeah I'm
not Asian so I don't I mean I wouldn't
wear Asian unless I was Asian and my and
all my family were wearing Asian which
they're not so I would stick out like a
sore thumb
so I was just put together a couple
looks for you guys who maybe don't have
cultural clothes to just take on in
eight because I don't have any I mean I
told think I mentioned this before and
Egyptians that really have cultural
alphys they just had like gonna be is
and like Nancy agro Galleria kind of
things and um I'm not going to wear one
of those on eat for obvious reasons so
um I was just put together like western
clothes in loads of different styles of
hey get that I'm familiar with to try
and give you guys ideas now I'm probably
not going to wear any of the outfits I
chose you just because for me they're
too dressy up I know you will think
about I actually don't dress up like
if like say I was to go somewhere nice
in the evening I would probably wear
this and just put heels on a set of
trainers and maybe change the bag to a
clutch bag and thus that's basically I
maybe put more make fun that's what I
would do so I wouldn't actually wear any
of them because there they are too
dressy happy for me personally and a lot
of you guys saying you shouldn't wear
that daily prayer I didn't say to ever
tell you prayer
obviously I need prayers 9 o'clock in
the morning who in their right mind is
gonna get up and dress up like I did in
the video and wear that teeny prayer no
one well some younger people might
because I used to when I was younger
like 17min but I'd Perez mine o'clock
you're gonna stick out of a on or
comfortable jeans and like this jumper
and go pray and then in the evening or
later on during the day if you've got
something planned with friends or family
is when you would wear or is when I
would put something on basically so
anyway whoever of you are saying
shouldn't wear this you should wage and
no I shouldn't because of my Asian and
yes I should try different cultures etc
I already have
I had a phase where I was where I was
wearing Asian clothes like all the time
almost every day so don't tell me that
and and I wear agent clothes like when I
go to my friend's Mendis etc etc all
right but I'm not going right at fade
because next to my family and then
they're gonna think that that's not her
daughter they're gonna think that slight
so I'm I use a girl in a family I'm not
I'm not my mum's the way in it yeah
anyway and just in case any of you
didn't know I'm half Egyptian half
English so I'm happy
basically I'm total Harvey so I've got
bit a half of a culture there so that's
the Western clothes are you this jumper
and then we've got half of the Egyptian
which is a gala mania so mix a skirt and
its large jumper that's my culture all
right basically
just to clear that oh and a lot of you
guys also saying oh stop doing stop
wearing the turban scarf you've been
doing it a lot lately
and it's really bad and we want the old
dealer back and bla bla bla la la la la
that's fine and everything hmm
but I've been into the turban stop since
like nine months ago when I was
researching on a new hijab style to do
or a new scarf rat for a photo shoot
they did for Dina Tokyo remember the
black fur kind of top with the blue in
zebra-print turban that's when I got
into the table look and my mom and my
sister be doing it for light years so
I've always been into the table I didn't
wear it a lot until recently because I
did I wasn't confident enough to wear it
out as much as my sister my mum let's
say yes that's right dealer Tokyo does
have confidence issues sometimes I am a
new man you know I'm real person yes
so recently I have been wearing it more
and that is thanks to people like hacia
and win as he akf and we need ed to on
Instagram who are bloggers ones in
America ones in Qatar I think or Kuwait
one of those two so I have been wearing
it more facts then because they wear it
out and I'm like wow they got confidence
to do it and one of them's Egyptian and
one of them's are Hoffy like me as he is
a Harvey and Willie is a Egyptian
Egyptian American so they've got
confidence to it so I was like well
great I'm going to put my turban back on
because I love it jinan I mean so first
I looked at turban was what I did that
research and I was polling on google
images at Jakarta Fashion Week 2010 I
think and the turban thing was going all
wild there if you guys want any ideas or
any inspiration go to Indonesia they've
literally done it all all right so just
open your minds a little alright because
I always used to think of that turban
kind of as like pin up the pin up 40s
kind of style so I thought is a bit too
don't forget but my research more into
the Jakarta Fashion Week and how they
wore it and then Africans etc etcetera
etcetera and there's so many different
ways to wear turbans so you know you
guys don't need to get so like if you
about it oh my god what's going on my
voice but a lot of you guys are saying
oh my way if you don't know who I see
akf and we need a two hour then with
hello you mean hmm but you can check
them all on Instagram what else yeah a
lot of you guys saying don't wear the
turban style because you're copying the
care for us because the Sikhs wear
turbans so you look like a seeker not
like a Muslim girl that's a load of
baloney man Sikh men and Sikh women wear
the turban completely different to the
styles that we've been doing so I don't
know where you're getting that from I
honestly don't think I've seen any I
mean I can definitely notice online in
London if you go down also Street
there's so many Arab girls walking down
like from Qatar Kuwait or maybe Saudi
etc who are who got the turbans on and I
can tell them from a Sikh man like that
so that's a load of baloney unless
you're totally close-minded and you've
never seen anything in the will and
anyway that's just like saying if there
was an Egyptian girl wearing FMR again
with a white bandanna she looked like a
nun is that Haram is it no I don't think
so because black and white and it's long
like a nun
obviously not there's different ways of
wearing it so just calm down all of you
stop you guys doing all this debating
except you on YouTube and saying Oh Tina
just take your scarf off or whoever and
I've mentioned this in my rants before
but I feel like I need to do a new one
because like seriously a lot of you
girls don't understand the concept that
together we're a lot stronger then if
you just start hitting on everyone and
think you're right and stay alone and we
unite so it's good to support one
another
what else is it gonna say
yeah all this debating and like horrible
horrible way of talking to each other on
YouTube comments is actually disgusting
I've never been so shocked in my life
I'm come on you guys know I get some
hate on my videos but this last video is
just over the top so I'm going to
disable the comments I haven't yet cuz I
forgot I'm gonna and it's it's things
like that that when a non-muslim reads
these kind of comments or when a when
maybe a gender girl is watching the
video and then she's reading these
comments it's things like that that push
people away from Islam push even even
people who already Muslims like me
things like that that make us just wanna
rebel against everything you're saying
which is totally wrong and you guys
should think about that because it's
just like the other day I was walking
down Oxford Street are those group of
Muslims doing Dawa and they were giving
out leaflets but they were doing it in
like such a horrible way they were
literally they gave me a leaflet this
woman in the cob she just came up to me
she shoved it in my face this leaflet
and she just went she didn't say to me
because obviously she knows mostly but
she shoved the leaflet my face and then
she shoved it in everyone else's face
going it slimmest Emma's the way you
will go to hell wake up blob a lot it's
just like what no one's gonna listen to
you like that they're just gonna think
you're the terrorists or the extremists
because it's just pointless
it's lem's about peace so stop being all
like in-your-face about things I don't
know that's my little rant I think
people just need to get over and little
thing really
anyway I'm just going to get into it and
show you guys what I bought before my
battery runs out etc okay on from the
necklace as I bought this ear cuff thing
which obviously you're not you're never
going to see on me because it's just
gonna be for like ladies night so
eccentric because it goes on ear this
bit goes up on the ear here and this bit
goes in into your earlobe and there is a
cross on it but I am going to yank that
off
obviously hello that was from climb up
40 pound okay then let's get so into it
oh yeah okay and then from new lips when
I was like when I was with that girl
phase that I bought a onesie been
wanting a onesie for ages but they're
like 150 pounds and I was like I'm not
spending that for something I'm going to
wear in the house essentially so new
look they had a black one and a white
one for 20 pounds and I bought in a size
size large so that it'll be nice and
slow chi and it's just kind of good
because I'm going to Cardiff an out or
fade weekend and for the following week
it's good to do like McDonald's runs or
like supermarket runs in the middle of
the night with my brothers you know when
you're driving around etc so me yeah
this clutch bag which was on sale for
five pounds it is slightly tacky I do
realize that very tacky actually but I
do believe I might be able to wear it
with something and is only five pounds
so you know if you like it go get it
Oh guys well said I get okay
staying on two bags I also bought this
one from H&M you all know how much I
like lime-green and I like the studs
it's a little bit I've had case looking
but I might I might take this back I'm
not sure I'm not sure yeah
and that was from H&M I will decide when
I get to Cardiff I guess if I want
or not and then I just got this plain
kind of sorry just this basic H&M
t-shirt for eight pounds a long one so
that it's like a long t-shirt dress
which is great for underneath things
it's great for like mixing prints and
stuff as well that was eight powers also
hmm oh and then I also got this gun from
H&M which I totally love I may wear
around my neck today I'm not sure
probably knock so probably they're on a
door something yeah like I laid my a
doubt fists are totally casual like I
probably notice the more skin like I
don't even wear heels like I bought
heels the other day from Primark oh yeah
I got to show you those too I bought
heels but like I probably won't wear
them unless something - like a wedding
or literally like an event in the night
that's in anyway got this gone so I've
got to be really quick there's no time
and my camera then I bought this jacket
which I've been eyeing in H&M for ages
on my way to defer it to go down and say
oh I did it but just got it anyway and
it's just this is my jacket which I
thought I'll wear with the stripy
t-shirt and then I bought this a lot of
you guys probably have seen this in H&M
because it's been three pounds in H&M
for absolutely ages and it's like tin
foil Christmas ugliness here we go
but I thought I'll wear it inside out
because that blue is a lot nicer and
I'll just whip the tags off Oh unless I
want to look like Christmas then I guess
I will wear this light that was three
pounds that I bought these great pig
tneows for only ten pounds in the sale
and I couldn't decide whether I wanted
to size 10 or 12 so phaser just told me
to get 12 because she said I was fat so
I just got 12 there you go
I think I want to wear the leaves with
this and then possibly my Nike trainers
or heels then or both
just different hours during the day so I
got those and then let me just get my
geosphere a couple of weeks ago I put on
Instagram that I want these Selene heels
I just love and they just go with
absolutely everything and they like too
expensive so obviously I could get them
so I went I found them in Primark and I
remember someone tweeted me that they're
in Primark about a month ago but I
forgot and then I went to Primark and
like two days good I saw them that was
like oh my god oh my god but I also
really want if any of you guys find them
because I saw them a Primark but they're
a bit ugly is you know the cut off you
know the cut off like capped shoe where
it's like a kind of like a nude shoe or
like a see-through kind of shoe and then
it's got like a gold cut off at the
front of the point it's like in the
courts yourself if you know I mean by
anyway they're really nice anyway we've
got these they only 12 pounds and that's
basically everything I got as well as
this jumper and this necklace of course
so you'll probably see me wearing some
of those clothes in the next two days
during age because that's not the kind
of thing I'll wedges bright colorful and
I'm very comfortable because we don't we
don't really do anything that's special
we're just at home or we just go out to
eat in the morning Guardian night and
Cardiff isn't really a place where you
like gonna dress up like crazy because
it's very small City anyway that's that
guys sorry to have um possibly put you
on a bit of a down it in the middle of
the video but I just I felt like I need
to say something because all this advice
giving etc yeah it's your duty cetera
but you need to think about whether it's
actually going to help at that moment in
time or not and most likely if you
commenting on a youtube video it's not
going to help it will cause more
argument and it's just going to pee
people off like me so just don't do it
alright send me a private message which
I mentioned before
etc and also stop hating on
slim sisters you know I mean like to
stop doing the hey in like just stop it
like I used to trust me I used I used to
be a hate I used to be really
competitive I used to be like Ana
me me me but when you do get older in
the past year you do realize that you
are better as one working together
trying to get involved with as many
people as you can rather than on your
own like a loser like there's a vintage
shop bye-bye where I live in London and
I went in and there's this lovely white
lady there like English lady really nice
it's just thought I'd talk to me she
didn't know who I was what I do buy told
her I told her I'm like a stylist and
blog and she's just like oh we should
work together just like that
straightaway she does even know where
and then we were talking about yeah
because you know we're local we should
work together because we're local we
might as well make the most of each
other and do some great things together
so watch out for that we would by the
way do a bit of vintage stuff for you
guys and that's that anyway I hope you
all know I mean and have a lovely age it
is either today or tomorrow or was
yesterday depends what I upload this
video but have a lovely until next time
get it over in peace another thing I
have mentioned before keep it covered is
it literally keep everything covered
because I'm referring to everyone you
don't have to be a Muslim to go by the
slogan keep it covered it's just keep
whatever you feel you need to keep
covered all right just keep it up
because you guys just take things too
complicated etcetera but anyway because
I know loads of non hijabis who keep it
covered but they have their hair out it
doesn't mean they're not keeping it
covered cause they're wearing everything
else
lovely jubbly right anyway a lot of you
guys want to know where all my clothes
were from in the last video in there I'd
look book one and the majority of it was
vintage and the rest of it was close I
made it so and then the rest of it was
Primark for H&M so
it's a bit hard to tell you guys but
anyway enjoy it guys stuffy faces and
ten next time keep you covered face
always well just want to kind of run it
past you guys see what you think me and
this girl phase that I bumped into the
other day but we thought we might try
and do an event in Ilford in London
where we try and raise money for charity
by everybody bring in five old pieces of
clothing and then we just do like one
big jumble sale kind of thing and it's
just a bit of a mingle and eating and
music and any money we make will go to
charity that I guess let me know what
you guys think anyway I'm really going
out see you later
I got it alright yeah
