hi guys okay today's video is just kind
of spurred the moment I thought I'd
start vlogging because I'm back in
London and my mum is come to join me and
basically a lot of you guys asked me to
do a room tour I'm funny because I just
moved into a new room and it's really
ugly but it could be really nice so my
mum's come down and what she's gonna do
is help me totally like change it up a
little bit
so I thought I'll film a vlog of us
going getting stuff setting out how it
turns out etc and bla bla bla bla bla
anyway I'm just going to show you the
room as it is now it's some nice room
but it's very ugly and like just set out
horribly because I'm crap by that kind
of thing anyway there's the door with
the IKEA scarf thing on it and you can't
see the IKEA scarf thing because I
didn't use it properly anyway so there's
a door there's my suitcase and then if
we just yeah and then here's the wall
next to the door there's just a mirror
there you know in it just
oh yeah mirror there and if we come back
around here there is just a box with
like a deep this table with like
underneath clothes and then my printer
and then like another cupboard and my
umbrella and there's just a random
cupboard that had to have in there which
is so ugly then I've got my rail of
clothes which is like stuffed into a
broom a wall sorry back there then shoes
everything's just tucked away looking
ugly and there's a really ugly shelf
with like because like I live in a
shared house so I got to have like my
toilet rolls and my toothbrush and
everything then a sleeping bag therefore
when I get people over and then if we go
over here there's the bed with a bunch
of clothes on it really ugly bed and
there's the windows with no curtain desk
with my machine on it and my mum's bag
my arms back my computer a chair and
then underneath it is there like loads
of other things and then we go
background there's my mannequins and
then there's that wall that you see me
take a lot of pictures again and then
background - over there - anyway that's
the room as it is now hopefully you guys
will see it now mmm as weird well my mom
is going to be the mind behind it
quite good at doing things like that
aren't you mummy that was not anyway so
yeah I'll vlog other things when we're
going shopping I'll just zoom out it
really clearly could learn up and just
wearing my oh my Oldham
HTML epic no that's my scarf as my
skull I don't know but this is my one
because no I took mine from their minds
then but mine I just don't mind from
there's my right well anyway this car I
got my left picture which is all from
H&M I've got this scar from where's this
from from her house aphasia and the
bobble tassel one and I just cut my hair
in skinny jeans and then I'll just
probably wear my trainers all my sandals
and my bigs are back anyway I'll see you
in a minute okay guys so this is what
we've done so far I just added some
really thin neck ends move that thing
over there put the bed middle trying to
sort out what to do with the clothing
area and this section mama
and then just trynna we move the desk as
well to that side instead of by here
let's really let you know I'll help girl
okay guys this is what we've done so far
you know I didn't calm down here's the
bed cago up because Mama's there we put
the table there with some ugly scarf on
it that will change him to you tomorrow
put the mirror there mannequins just
hanging about on the doors just bags and
towels over there just rubbish and
they're just stupid stupid clothing real
just sticking out like a sore thumb I
think I'm gonna put that flat on the
wall though and then there's a sewing
desk with crap underneath and my
suitcase and then let's eat this on the
floor that was the cover that was
standing up coming ago we thought we'd
lie on its side and put boxes inside but
it just looks like a cupboard that's
fall over so we're going to just take
that out the room tomorrow because it's
a girly put like shake hands in and then
Mama's little sleepy then there's that
there so tomorrow we're gonna go back to
Ikea because there's a blinking stain on
the carpet that we got by the way
there's a carpet we got so good return
that I'm going to get a bunch of boxes
to stick over here and we're gonna get
some wall stickers and a big mirror and
like a vars and like fake flowers stuff
so anyway see tomorrow bye hi guys okay
so it's day two but my Slavs are mess
and I showed you last night I was gonna
show you the daytime boy like boy it's
like so far there's the bed gonna get
different color ballads cuz the
whiteness normal egg shells gonna get
this boss it's there hopefully then over
here gonna do something here and then
over here gonna do something red don't
know what yet but we're going back to
Ikea cuz the car had like a big stain on
it so I'm gonna get more of that stuff
so you don't want me do myself and then
gonna and then where else you can go
we're gonna get wall stickers from
Camden hopefully or Spitalfields always
support a bail market you know and then
I'll film later cuz we're tired now guys
I just got bird shat on is no bad food
on on the way to give the garbage back
uh-huh yes sir oh please wait a bit
please your expore don't get on the dope
don't like finger on the clothes oh
that's uh he was up there on the head a
supermarket sign that look I can't
you're gonna have to get some moisture
there here's there's the culprit guilty
as charged
okay guys here's how it looks so far got
the desk there with printer and stuff
underneath the desk is my sewing stuff
but then over here by the door we put
the rail of clothes which is just
hanging tops and shoes and then my bags
hanging up my mannequin there don't know
what to do that box yet two boxes there
then we've got plain wall where I'm
going to put big mirror got my bed
couldn't find a valance got a few
cushions
change the carpet to a blue one with pot
shapes all over it there's the bed and
then just gone round
gonna put baskets there and then got
more curtains puts that old Murr there
and some more pink pink boxes there so
still need to get a mirror and loads of
like wicker baskets that it's so far so
well video later hi guys okay here's the
final look for the bedroom we're just
missing a big mirror to go by here I'll
do that later and just missing couple
walls because I'll do those here anyway
so right now I'm sitting on a rug here's
the rug that we got very big with Mama's
feet and stuff and we just got a bunch
of pillows to go on it and every time I
find a nice pillow sorry every time when
I find a nice cushion or pillow I'll
just stick it on the carpet and then
behind me I have two boxes like pajamas
and underneath tops and then there's the
bed we've got this um what's that called
mama love purple thing got a bedspread
from Primark and a couple more pillows
there my PJs and then if I just go over
to that little section that's the
shelves that were there that looked
really ugly but I've draw bottom shelf
sorry I have my all my trousers that's
Mama's suitcase there so don't mind that
and then second shelf is all the P o box
items I do videos on top shelf is like
makeup makeup and then we got this
there is the plant stuff well the plant
then fake flower thing from Ikea that
was five pounds of ours and the flowers
like three pounds I then over here we've
got more boxes with like jumpers and
tops there's another mirror and then on
the floor is just like makeup things
from Primark more boxes and then if we
move over here why did I write yeah over
here you see where's a J go oh yeah oh
yeah I've got the curtains as well from
Ikea and then ever there's the sewing
deaf we come round there is just my
clothes and shoes and then washing
baskets and door with bags and towels
stuff new bin got new the bin got the
new bin I mean
and then background to me sitting on
carpet there's American background to me
sitting on carpet I'm just going to show
you from I'm standing by the door now so
these here's our clothes over here and
then curtains and mamma in the mirror
boxes plants bed with PJs on
mommy's legs mommy's let mommy hello
mummy say hi
she's been laid off round her neck
there's the carpet with the push pillows
cushions and then more boxes and then
they're over here I want to stick like a
humongous mirror the size of the wall
but I just gotta find one and maybe a
floor lamp as well oh and then on this
wall over here I'm thinking of getting
like Islamic calligraphy and wall
stickers so if you find any good ones
let me know and maybe one on there
probably just on this wall though and
then on this sewing wall over here
because then on this all I want mirror
and then alongside the curtains are
gonna get like this cute curtain things
and then we put a lampshade in woo gp1
for my gear and that's the end of that
guy's mm-hmm so I have here oh sorry
there yeah so hope that's giving you
guys some ideas this is all Mama's work
by the way so thanks mom
and until next time give common face
