hi guys how you all doing hmm house it
was fast going today it's proving quite
difficult for me but still going anyway
today's video is gonna be the jab
tutorial or the scarf tutorial on how I
wore my scarf in the July favorites
video because it was slightly different
I've done it today in the pink but I
haven't as much but I'm showing you guys
with this pink scarf after I finish
talking in this little section and yes
my eyebrows might look weird that's
because I can't find my normal IRA
filler alright so this one's a bit
darker so don't worry about it
anyway oh I hope you guys enjoy this
video and it's beneficial to you guys
similar to my usual style but just a
couple differences that's all once that
guy's oh I feel we must have her tied
this way oh yeah okay sorry guys just
did my friends make up real quick anyway
enjoy this video and next one I will see
you then okay that you have your scarf
placed on your head as you would
normally as I've showed you guys I don't
know let's say a thousand times now so
it's one shorter side and one incredibly
not incredibly but my longest side they
go okay so I've just placed over the
head then what you can do as I've showed
you also is grab a grab at the end from
the back and just bring it over like so
now you can only do this with um like
really wide
maxie scoffs and I like to just double
it over just because they're a little
bit see-through and then we clear that's
quite easy to do they've done that okay
now just a just round face and the usual
or like so
by the way that black isn't my hair
alone like a scarf and meaning me anyway
she's gonna pin around your face hiding
with how you like normally so I go like
this I'll get the second one so now
leave the second one so I just pinned
this first layer over here way but
sometimes I do like to pin both ways
it's got normal pain mean pin too tight
otherwise you will be left with double
chins yeah what that is we got it 20 CC
it's okay so you like that right now and
what you can do as usual sorry if you
bored and you would know you can get the
short side and you're going to yes even
to bring around head and you're gonna
pin so I'm just gonna pin the top over
here so that's done okay so it's like a
candy floss so don't worry
now what you can do is you're going to
get this long bit you're going to double
this section no you're not going to
double size you can get this long bit
now you're just gonna fold over slightly
you don't have to but you're just kind
of scrunch it up in your hand and flick
it over your head see what's happening
right now now what you can do is just um
flatten it around your head so say
around with it there's no particular
rule so I can't I mean it's not going to
look the same on everybody but this is
the general idea I'm gonna just put my
chaired answered after Crouch there we
go so you get the general idea okay now
what you can do before you pin anywhere
you're gonna get this
longboat over here you see that and
you're gonna that's wrong and you're
going to just bring it around and tuck
it in the back of your top and that
usually saves quite secure success your
tops your tight I don't know or tuck it
in the best pop underneath you know I've
told you guys this before
anyway now what you're going to do this
section here is you're just going to
bring that back usually this slide is
longer by let's top of the grilling so
don't worry about it
and you can bring that back like so and
you're going to tuck that in the back on
the top or what's unthink atop you know
figure it out and then you're going to
pin up here and then before you pin all
the sides you're going to get your new
glasses
and place them over the scarf so that it
fits nicely there okay you're just going
to figure out how you like the sides to
happen and then you're going to grab
another pin and pin just below the
glasses handle which proves quite
difficult so I'm just going to put that
up and just estimate where pin goes this
pretty small but boy it's hard yeah turn
it turn it
oh my hair but hurt undo it come on
do you know you should be a pro by now
get the other pin and what I'll have to
do now
so let's face the clue that I just put
my glasses on to show you guys there it
is now you can see there's a second
layer okay now you can you know put it
out a little and have it get more
flowing to frame your face depends how
you like it I sometimes like to do that
but on my head it just naturally goes
into stupid big old ugly point I mean I
like points but not that big so I just
like to fight in it like so and maybe
pin it on the side with the pin that we
use and then just to finalize it just
kind of lucky hands let's look from the
side tucked away and then let something
be back so then what you want to do to
finalize it is get yourself a lovely
statement necklace and place it over the
top like so and then that part of the
necklace is automatically hidden under
your scarf anyway so all you see is the
lovely front pot play around with it a
bit more anyway that's that guys um a
lot of you guys are telling me to make
videos about what's happening in Syria
and there as there and etc etc um I
understand where you're coming from but
to be honest I prefer to do charity in
private I know what you mean I can make
a lot of people aware but I think a lot
of people are aware anyway they're just
slightly ignorant and to be honest I'd
love to make a video about that kind of
thing but I'm not very good with them
like putting a video together the only
thing I'm kind of good at is just
sitting and talking at the camera so and
I just want me to sit there and say hey
help out with charity which I don't
think is going to help because people
don't like being told what to do that I
don't know what else I could do so I'm
open to suggestions if you guys have any
ideas of how I can put that together but
anyway that fat guys and thanks for
watching and so
next time you come in peace
