hi guys this is our first night in
Indonesia here's my mum a que about
manager aren't you mummy yes anyway we
just wait for the lifts handle it well
I've got to show you guys the view from
the hotel but I'll show you guys
tomorrow morning because I slept and I
was late anyway now we're going for
dinner with some of Diane's deeanne's
buddies and stuff and then tomorrow is
put issue and some other things and then
some other things and don't know what
else so I'll talk to you guys tomorrow
where I'm not dead okay
I still haven't gotten my suitcase
because they left they left one of our
suitcases and we in the lift now in KL
that's : / yeah so here we are the two
munchkins
oh my god they pose like crazy anybody
want to guess how old these two are
because it's really interesting because
they know the age that you will think
but I won't say because they probably
punish me when you agree yeah I just
agree anyway this is Nadia this is Mona
I am Dion's friends and there
the answer if I have problems I just got
Emily there yeah sure I look forward to
them and now we're going for dinner so
going with it bye whoa
kissing hey whoa hi guys we're just
looking around the mall and just
vlogging so guys there's more I'm down
there it's gonna be
see those colorful rockets are gonna be
the bazaars and then in there is gonna
be the back there and like his my sees
me on the flyer there I am exciting oh
and by the way
Deanna's gonna put us all on billboards
outside the hotel which I'll feel
tomorrow to show you guys cause it's
dark outside now
how exciting anyway bye hi guys I'm just
here with a bunch of you Malaysian
Indonesian Malaysian hands up blondie
the mastermind behind the show this is
Jasmine Jasmine I know this is sheer
this is Mona this is a Humvee Amy Amy
Amy she's like on Instagram Nita there's
my mom
there's Nadia and this lady little lady
Talia are lazy
yeah we insisted oh my God we're gonna
get kicked out aren't we hi guys I'm
just in the lift going down to breakfast
they give like my outfits and then I
think it's photoshoot today and then I
don't know what else but his I'm wearing
you want to see there's my feet ease
well lift is taking forever so I thought
I'd just show you guys anyway
- Luna here yeah breakfast
maybe others Dan there's my mama ice hi
guys so this is just a preview in there
is gonna be the hey Jeb class and the
people sitting and there's gonna be
Fashion Show somewhere else just like
see the Bazaar say hi yeah that's my mo
and now we're gonna go show you guys
something else there's a Mona looking
all pretty she's wearing Dione planky by
the way check it out so guys here's the
entrance to the hotel and here's outside
just gonna go around and take you guys
to see banner gonna get run over
hi guys okay have a look at the main
road if you can see all the banners for
this sisterhood the underlying events
there it is I think I'm gonna try and
get you guys closer one second okay guys
here we are on the billboard outside the
event you can see me I'm on the top
right-hand corner there's my finger
there right there next to Hannah Tajima
and there's Deana and the rest of the
girls underneath and there we are again
she's got the banners all down the
street basically that she's crazy
and then we are there and there's the
hotel now which can take pictures like
hi guys his the hall for the hey Jeb
talk show and hey Jeb class how big and
amazing and it's all a rainbow theme
because daddy and planky means rainbow
well pleiades ribbon anyway this home
does there's a pig home am I gonna go
hide now by division up well mmm just
giving you guys quick update right now
we're heading downstairs to join the
sisterhood meal I think just finished
the photoshoot and then we had to hide
up here for like the last two hours so
we're not seen before the event etc so
now I'm gonna go downstairs and perform
or tell do whatever diem tells me to
delete which is probably just a hello or
something like that hopefully at the
Torah is a Jeb class and then it goes my
gym class today but I wasn't able to
film it because I'll do the photo shoot
so sorry about that
and then tomorrow is the fashion show so
wish me luck my connection is just
behind me so I'm gonna show you anyone
stuck through my outfit like ladies does
go off hmm Nick who the hiccups HM
necklace mm-hmm Topshop
I think Topshop necklace usual finger
business provided we're actually all
revile n't and then Casio watch hm
grandmother's and Australia's swap
necklace which I've just put up here
because I have little arms and then if I
just take you down to my trousers see
the trousers
kind of green with just the usual luck
it's many heels
I wanted something quite simple and easy
going on flowy because I've just been
changing you I just because for the
photoshoot we just changed like seven no
is five different times in the space of
like forty minutes so that was hectic
and I just want to wear something
comfortable now so I can go stuff my
face because there's nothing to eat here
a bit sushi and I just really want a
burger but I can't have one because I've
got to make have the traditional food
well okay go come on the bottom because
my mommy's who's the promo video for the
event today is the second day of the
event
I've just finished like crazy
meet-and-greet session which is the most
random thing well here's the first piece
of this Dell which is oh you can't even
see you wait there let me just see if I
can get a better arm filming here's the
first piece of this Dell it's all the
way down to the knees how amazing is
like embroid it to meet our creator
where do we pray I look so funny without
my big head how nice is this this is
from the girls at malika in Jakarta
Indonesia
it looks real nice actually let me just
get the second piece out thank you so
much girls and I think I said hello to
you guys as well there is Malika have a
look I think I said hello to you guys as
well
oh it's just a nice long very long skirt
which I might just wear outdoors
thanks going very long all the way to
the knees and the skirt comes up all the
way to basically like a boob tube tube
over your chest
oh my god it's amazing I kind of like to
wear is Dells when we've got a house
guest coming
so thanks girls I love it literally
Batwoman yeah bad woman thanks girls at
Malika okay I'm gonna go fine out
somebody come hi guys so these are the
models the lovely Indonesia models do
you want to just say your name
saskia Wow hello hello hello hello thank
you very much for modeling for me we
still got some models over there taking
some photos and stuff but here they are
in the outfit this is an actress a
famous Indonesian actress can you
introduce yourself hi Nadia this girl's
famous check together her dress she's
wearing my dress and she's an actress so
thank you for modeling for me
thank you very much who else is there
there's another one of them busy this is
the fara little Farah from Malaysia
Oh
hi guys so we just finished the fashion
show and it's probably the most hectic
thing I've ever done in my life because
like the photo session off throwing
everything but you'll see the whole in
the vlogs that my mum took and I'm just
a bit tired but we're going after didn't
now I thought she my aphek I'm basically
dressed from shoulder to ankles in
Indonesian gifts this is um let me check
the label
so got so many gifts is dia this is this
is the bat wing top from deer as well as
the trousers I totally love it so
comfortable holiday so here's the top
from Dion here the trousers from deer
don't mind the towel over there totally
love this thank you guys very much
here's mommies we'll see hopefully
everything my mum oh I just want to show
you my bag as well nice a lime green one
which is vintage I tell you love it I
got it from a vintage store in the green
I just feel so tired but you guys will
see hopefully the vlog of me and Hanna
Toshiba sitting there talk so we're
doing all that crazy stuff it is all
who's Lisa really really weird but so
far I don't look at time Hamilton my
favorite man have been running around
like crazy woman but it has been amazing
so thank you Diane
sorry thank you Dan for inviting me
anyway off to have a sushi goodbye oh
here's our hotel room after the fashion
show everything's just on the floor gift
small gifts all the gifts are in their
clothes or my fashion show clothes here
got some gifts to give to people over
here oh it's just a big mess and it's a
just to tidy and tomorrow hopefully is a
free day in Jakarta and then the day
after that we all just tidy up anyway
alright I got ice today's Monday day off
no way it's just gonna be
a little bit of a tour of Jakarta and
this is why I'm wearing check out this
amazing peach top I absolutely love it
look at it it's from nan exactly who's
its liner in Indonesia actions in
fashion show with us which you'll see
the videos but anyway check out the top
it's amazing right right money yeah love
anyway we're gonna get some markets now
in so this is a Indonesian mall kind of
market thing oh I just wanna show them
the we are way upcoming now check out
some of the Indonesian fashion remember
Indonesia's Got Jakarta Fashion Week so
they're really big on his jab fashion
look at the stuff going on here two of
the girls just left us which is sad but
we'll see them soon hopefully the malls
and then downstairs is like proper
market but I couldn't really get my
phone out down there but so interesting
all the fashion there I'll make a proper
video and I'm talking to you guys
another time all the fake bags hello
darlings
so today is my last well it's Tuesday
and I'm leaving tomorrow evening so it's
my second to last day in Indonesia
Jakarta and I just like to show you my
outfit cuz I got the vintage out in
Indonesia then if they do vintage here
so is the vintage well I don't know if
like vintage like if they have like
vintage stores here if it's like a like
a thing here because I know it isn't
really in Egypt so anyway here's my
lovely shits what to do if you can see
on that but anyway here it is don't mind
the mess on the bed and then I'm just
wearing the jeans from H&M that I'm
wearing basically every day when I go
out and about and today I think we're
going to Bandung Undong with Deanna and
her husband because she's got some
interview to do so me mum
so so me ma'am are gonna explore and um
cuz it's supposed to be kind of similar
to Alexandria in Egypt that kind of
atmosphere and weather so I just thought
I'd show you guys my lipstick as well
I'm really loving it since I got here is
a gift actually from warder from where
their cousin cosmetics and there are a
makeup brand in in
and Deanna is the ambassador for the ANA
since often Louisville is it bad thank
you guys anyway they were going to have
wrecking now so I will vlog later on it
belong here are more my gifts by the way
these are like weird things you get here
it's like about a bone a that we all
know then on the end they've like
stuffed pushing in the back to create
volume except the volume is like in a
weird long kind of shape but I've
noticed all the girls here wearing them
it's really weird because like like a
lot of people did say to me Oh what do
you do stuff socks in the back ahead and
here in Indonesia and I guess um Asia
whenever they think of an idea they
literally just do it whether it's crazy
or not so they literally stuffed
stuffing in the back of a pony to create
volume um it would be great oh I kind of
feel freaked out with it it's really
weird it would be good if it the volume
it was slightly more rounder cuz when
you put on the head it's really long and
longest ly weird but anyway that was
interesting and then they've got them in
different shapes like this one look look
it's like a little ball it's like really
really weird anyway got some gifts from
Nabila nicely boutique here I got some
from cannae I've got some from Kenny
that's a boutique here I got Lowe's I've
got so many so many to show you guys
hopefully anyway doodles
