hi guys I hope you enjoyed that really
quick sort of get ready with me my face
isn't in the camera sort of get ready
with me for prom occasion video I
thought I'd film it this way just
because it's more fun to watch then me
just talking to about something that I'm
wearing okay um so the jelly beer is
from Roger beige check out the links in
the description about where you can get
the front et cetera the looks I showed
you with two scarfs tiles one is just
the usual turban style that I showed you
guys in the previous video and this one
over here is the Hannah Tajima inspired
look which is basically more or less the
way she does her scarf I think she just
changed she just has some slight
differences about where she puts these
ends etc they go you could just go like
this if you want to show the whole
shebang over here anyway I've just left
one side hanging because it's too bulky
around the neck otherwise and so yeah
check out mahajan babe a lot of you guys
ask me what you what what i'd wear to
prom what you should wear to probably
central I would stick to something
that's traditional because it's made to
cover and it's beautiful
and this one comes with a under piece
underneath as well which is great it's
not the usual ones that it's not like
the usual ones that come where they're
static and they stick to you and gets
really annoying they are all three sizes
as well I can wear this with heels and
I'm about six sorry
six foot I'm about five five six maybe
five 767 centimeters so all the dresses
come in one free size they're really
wide they'll basically fit anyone and
the under piece as well is also very
wide so you can do your own adjustment
adjustment but this is perfect for me I
genuinely genuinely love it usually I
don't like doing reviews for this kind
of thing just because I usually
genuinely aren't happy with it but this
one I really do love it I would
definitely recommend it for prom or
wedding I'll probably wear this to my
next wedding invitation
so someone invite me to the wedding so I
hope you guys enjoyed it and till next
time keep it
