mm hi guys stop it hi guys okay so oops
so I'm just going to fill my June
favorites video in viewed I'm Yusuf on
it to join in to show you guys his
driving wait I said user must show you
guys his gym favorite ice cream go ahead
the news you got this no you go faster
than mine jan-feb favorite is my tennis
racket because I won junior we're moving
with it hey didn't I want Junior
Wimbledon with it and I also won the
Australian juniors australian open with
it I just regripped it this morning as
you can see and i just added a brand-new
shock absorber and it's amazing you
should have seen my smash mate i was
like wow alright so let's use of student
fabric because him enhancing our tennis
phanteks anyway i'm just going to get
straight into mine these are just a few
of my june sorry there you are this is
just a few of my June favorites you
should go away now because I need to
film this quickly pull the gap oh by the
way guys I'm also filling you and a
beautiful because I'm imbued I thought
I'll fail my blog anyway virgin favorite
is this ring over here very nice i like
to wear it like so but on my hands that
isn't a watch hand on this finger but my
license I can't wait today anyway but
this is them an old ring my cot remember
from where I've had a fool and I
recently found again and they go that's
that second you'd favorite are these
extra mints because I have stinky breath
so I eat extra mint yummy next to you
favorite go away Yusuf is my nose ring
is actually more of like a May and June
favorite right I need to do I need to
sit down I need to take a seat okay
sorry it has to take a seat okay next
June favorite is this nail file and it
came up in a pack of like six or maybe
four to ignore the absolute clown on the
side there
anyway came in like a pack of 4 from
what the shot pulled wats where
everything's like a pound and because I
just carry that around with me to keep
my nails in shape especially when they
chip except i like the file it straight
away so i don't break them i love you
girls ask me how i do my nails that's
how next June favorite is this necklace
that you guys have seen a lot and it's
from hmm it's lovely what are you doing
girl silly child day off here's my next
June favorites it's all models are but
whatever this is from H&M I showed you
guys this in my innovation shopping haul
by literally wear this with every elf I
just didn't wear it today I should
really but I just couldn't be bought the
print on really so they go there's that
next June favorite is this body spray
every time my mom comes back from Egypt
she goes to boots and buys a bunch of
these body sprays the boots natural
collection it's really really fantastic
keeps you nice and fresh next June
favorite is this lipstick that i got
from H&M for 299 and it's on my lips
right now very nice and subtle i really
really love it hmm they go last June
favorites is this foundations my second
are you doing uses this foundation which
is a one from boots and it's the blood
oh sorry knock boots from the body shop
moisture foundation spf15 and it's the
07 color and I've got that one on now
and I just love it because doesn't feel
like a foundation on like the L masker
one it feels just nice and light and
airy great for the summer and it's 13
pounds so go ahead and enjoy that if
you're like Wells have we got youssef
got you all your favorites you want to
share yeah
silly child anyway that's that guys hope
you enjoyed that nice quick video I'll
see you next time with abuses knob where
you'll see me in this outfit again so
enjoy it no oh my god embarrassment I
did have a lot more to show you guys but
I left a lot of it in Cardiff so I'm
just going to show you quick outfit my
clique outfit because why not you so
stop it cuz this is going on YouTube and
you're gonna regret it later I'll be on
YouTube sky blue bubble the tussle from
laser doll it's on there right now in
stock so don't tell me it isn't because
it is where it was nice little necklace
switched we got as a gift many many
years ago from a good friend good
friends mum lady oscar off also on there
now so don't tell me if they're doing
and then I'm swinging the stripy top
that you guys have seen before and then
I just wait these green Tina's from hmm
but I also told you guys it a shopping
haul so anyway that's that until next
time guys give girl code release whoa
I'll get
