hi guys okay so today's video is another
shopping haul I know it's really bad
because I said I would do other videos
but I just have some other things to
show you because I moved to London and
obviously I couldn't help shop so this
is definitely my last time shopping but
anyway I thought I'd show you guys that
and then my next video is gonna be a
like styling video not sure what yet but
it's definitely gonna be style wise so
don't worry about anyway I'm just gonna
get straight into it because I have
don't rehab out my time so first thing I
got was from bershka sorry I like from
couldn't bear this is also from Oxford
Street where they've cooked up the
effects I know have to get it anyway I
bought a white blazer updated beauty's
quite nice quite um Maggie and lovely
just plain for 20 pounds
what okay then I went to forever 21 and
got a couple of things I got pair jeans
they're like nice light blue and they're
in size 28 any of you guys who want to
know oh yeah and then in forever 21 a
NGO called
Annie came up to me and she's like hi
you didn't take it I was like ha yeah
and we took the picture so hi I need a
glacier watching my video and they're
not totally where's golf cause why not I
think these are like 20 pounds my eyes
ain't cut out oh I got this jumper which
I'm um
this is actually the back of it the back
will get kind of closes like this
I thought was the front but I'm just
stupid so don't worry about it
and then the front of it is just plain
I'm here it's sleeve these sleeves are
huge along the buggy and it's in dirty
lines so oh now I got this as well
it's lovely polka dot t-shirts flash top
think inside that right now but don't
worry about it
nice and baggy we put that sleeves so
longer the back short the front kind of
thing very lovely jubbly Oh got this one
forever 21 as well this top which I
can't remember how much it was but it's
a lovely color block blue with white and
this half is linen and then this half is
just like chiffon material oh and the
spice is the price here no it doesn't
I'm going to slice large and it's just
nice to wear with like bun scoffs comfy
yeah but enough detail which is lovely
there you are sorry me being really good
okay so move it moving on to Zara I got
red jeans
let's leave my pound sorry I'm being
really quick for the need to get these
back on I got this lovely silky taupe
which I'm gonna wear like on evening out
to like nice place
very nice oversized doubly high with the
ancient Egyptian kind of detailing all
around the chest Aaron or three-quarter
length baggy perfect oh yeah and then in
Zara they've got these amazing bags for
their 80 pounds really big oversized
black ones and in cut the Cardiff one
they've only got those ones but in the
London one they've got cheaper versions
of that bag in Zara myself this was only
29 pounds like that's amazing
I think so I got this bag which is gonna
be my kind of like everyday bags lift it
we have one in the back of it the
morning carded okay then moving on to
hmm I went and bought baggy green pants
and I got these in a size 12 elasticated
just to wear kind of baggy with like a
t-shirt and like skip flops in the
summer they were only like 12 pounds and
very much needed handy vests off four
pounds nice very very long perfect aware
of like skinny jeans and then short
jackets like kind of thing 4 pounds in
all is they've got it in all different
colors I would tell is just lazy about
these heels I show you guys because I
like to show you guys these things I
know right they're so nice I want to
wear them with my like pink jacket pink
leather jacket over there and like a
skirt or something but they're good and
last but not least wow I am super fast
neon heels from Aldo after I caught
remember her name but she posted on my
do Tokyo page her blog post of a
celebrity look Felicia did for Kim
Kardashian where she's wearing neon
heels and she got them from Aldo
so she told me while I read on the blog
then on her blog I can't remember what
have block school but I'll leave it in
the description
anyway so I went although and found them
these look amazing on time to eat so I'm
gonna get a time and read them and
what's great about them is I'm not
healed person but look how small the
heal is that's certainly walk walk
around London so they were only 20
pounds guys like seriously I try not to
spend more than 25 pounds on the pair of
heels anyway because I never wear them
so there we go that's my shopping haul
this will give you I lost my last
shopping for ages and I just thought I'd
tell you guys because a lot of you guys
are like Deena take me shopping blah
blah blah you've got a great taste so
there you go that's the kind of thing I
like to bite la shopping : ages
next video will be a styling one thanks
for watching guys and I've got loads of
things to update you want actually but
I'll just leave that for another video I
think so till next time keep ACOG at
peace if you like my scarves from nice
at all and it should be up on the
website now anyway please
