hi guys okay today okay so today's video
today is the video today's video is
nothing a fashion related whatsoever
basically a lot of you know that I have
a cat called sushi and she lives in
Egypt with the rest of my family and
mm-hmm I like to involve her a lot in my
vlogs where I'm in Egypt and I also post
a lot of pictures of her on my Facebook
page except her because she's just
gorgeous and amazing the best pet in the
world mashallah
anyway recently sue she got married to
another cat called noodles sushi and
noodles and that cat is owned by my
brother's friend who's called Teddy who
lives in Egypt but is also Welsh how
weird is that and she had three babies
unfortunately one of them passed away
because that's what they do but there's
two left and they're two boys and they
are just the cutest things in the world
so I am basically just sharing with you
guys some footage of those kittens
because I know a lot of you guys are
young girls who are just gonna squeal
with excitement
at this footage because I know I did and
I keep watching it over and over again
because they are the most amazing
kitchens in the world I didn't know baby
kittens were that small they're
literally the size of this part of my
face hmm anyway just to apologize as
well I haven't really been making as
many videos as I normally do just
because I've been really really busy and
like I'm in the middle of moving as well
so it's gonna be a bit hectic I am
filming a vlog as well though of my move
because a lot of you guys like storage
ideas so I'll guess I'll show you guys
how I will organize my room over there
cuz it's a really really small room so I
guess I'll film how I do that for you
guys and also so yeah basically so
basically say goodbye to mr. and mrs.
pillow because you won't be seeing them
anymore because I'll be in London
except for when I come back down to
Cardiff I guess then then you'll see mr.
mrs. pillow anyway I've got a cold yeah
my next video I guess will be on Sunday
and it'll be a vlog video and then I can
get back into my often the days
scoff tutorials video tutorials etc etc
etc ok I'm gonna leave you now with this
cutesy cutesy wutesy footage and thanks
for watching guys and until next time
keep it covered
peace don't mind the hairnet it's still
there but don't worry about it ok
doodles
I am quite possibly the proudest mother
of sushi so basically I'm a grandparent
to those kids as I am so proud of you
sushi well done a lot of you guys might
think it's a bit freaky my relationship
with my with my cat but seriously I love
my cat bits okay thanks for watching
guys bye
