hi guys okay so here's a thing let's
ignore the fingers right now because the
black henna is fading and I did change
the nail polish but you can't really see
it anyway but basically this morning I
filmed the 5 minute makeup challenge and
it was a total fail because the lighting
was really bad it was basically to light
and I just looked like a big fat white
ghost so it was totally pointless so
what I'm doing now it's just gonna be
filming my shopping haul of some of the
things that I've been buying in the past
two weeks I'd say so I just thought I'd
film that because I quite feel like it
so I'm gonna do that so hopefully you'll
enjoy it and what I will do then is film
the makeup challenge another day a more
suitable day hopefully I'm wearing my
scarf slightly differently today so if
you like it then like the video sorry
let's get the good side in then like the
video for a scarf tutorial it's very
quick a very simple I might show you at
the end actually if I have time but I
would rather make a video out of it
because sometimes I have no videos to do
so anyway we'll get started shall we
so the first thing I want to tell you
that I bought is jewelry I got this ring
okay totally just totally ignore the
fingers they're disgusting I know okay
the henna was nice and now it's fading
and it's really bad so let's just ignore
it anyway I got this ring H&M and it
came with another ring which I can't
find but it was just a plain gold one
with a gold ball and only like four
pounds so anyway okay I'll show you more
jewelry because may as well get that out
the way I guess
oh here's the other ring it came with
there it is very nice and then I got
this ring also let me just put it on and
show you it's like one eye ring from H&M
I also got a bunch of these rings I'm
just gonna be as quick as I can cuz I've
got quite a few things to show you guys
and yeah stuff like that a bunch of
these um spikey rings sticks of these in
a pack from Topshop
mantastic stuff then I got this necklace
this is H&M 8 pounds really really like
the spiciness and the loveliness because
I would use it as a head like a
photoshoot or on my
in my next fashion show and then I got
these rings which are like little
stackable rings from H&M and they're
only for a pound buy one get one free if
I just show you guys only for a pound in
one pack amazeballs
I know this little pouch I got my
necklace there I'll just stick them all
in here so that they don't get last okay
then by the way anybody know how to get
black Heron off and I heard that geodon
takes it off and it took off a little
bit but not as much as I'd hoped so let
me know so I can just clear up the mess
I mean I have the fun
no no roots okay okay the next thing I
got was these shoes which I showed you
guys in a outfit of the day picture like
water wedding just plain black court
heels which are also from H&M 15 pounds
fantastic and I just went for a really
small heel because there that's about
the only heel I can walk around in for a
good couple hours anything higher is
totally impossible for me there we go
these trousers which I've also showed
you a lot of you guys were asking me
floral chinos and these are from Topshop
and they were 45 pounds but if you have
student I guess you'll get why is it 10%
discount I think my life is supposed to
be brighter but obviously it's not so
that was pointless and I got these in a
size 12 so they are quite loose in the
picture they look tight but they're not
really that tight in a real life ask the
people that were there okay so from
Topshop I got this hoodie you all know I
absolutely love hoodies especially the
chavvy ones where we tie the string
around the neck because I'm a chaff you
all know I'm a chair I'm like a one
direction a chaff I'm joking I'm not a
directioner I just thought that would
get a lot of you excited I got this
hoodie my sly look hoodie which is very
chavvy can't wait to wear that probably
gonna be a bit of everyday wear I guess
well then I got these sandals which I
also showed you guys on Instagram which
are from Zara they were 20 pounds but my
friend who works there got me stuff
discussed I got them for 16 pounds so
thanks for that I ship so yeah remember
I posted up I want those Celine strappy
sandal heels
but they're like too expensive and too
painful for me to spend that much though
because like I'm a stingy Arab so I know
I wouldn't wear them anyway because
they're high heels so I just thought I'd
get myself flat ones because these would
basically go with absolutely anything
perfect for the summer you know walking
around London town because you all know
I'm moving just showed you guys this but
I'll show you again seeing there's a lot
of people have asked where it's from
this baggy large men's jumper if I roll
the sleeves up to and it's in a size
extra extra large men's so just for all
of you guys who ask you know where I get
my baggy jumpers from they're from any
men's store or any men's section in an
extra extra large double XL double XL
basically that's how I get that perfect
fit and if you have a look if you if
you're going for the men just try and
get the ones where there isn't in the
fit to the shoulder so if you have a
look there's just a line going straight
from the collar down to the sleeve so
that means the shoulder will slouch a
lot better on a woman shoulder and look
a lot more feminine whereas the ones
where the shoulder cut comes to the edge
will give you bigger more manly
shoulders because it's a manly jumper so
go for that kind of men's jumper if you
go for a men's jumper anyway these just
bright blue skinnies from H&M they're
not that bright in the video in the
camera but they are quite right they're
about the same color as my scarf I guess
oh by the way if you like my scarf it's
one of the plain collection from lazy
dog which will be restocked
as of Monday next week it's not a lot
it's don't worry about that anyway these
are only 12 pounds actually I'm can't go
wrong and I got these in a size 12
originally but they're the type that get
baggy after you wear them like once or
twice so then I went to exchange for 10
naughty
I know oh and then basically there's
this shop in Cardiff that does is called
the closet I think and it's basically
like vintage clothes or just second-hand
clothes pre-loved clothing basically so
I went in there and win a bit crazy so I
bought this dress which is an old
Topshop dress in a size 10 by I got it
for 18 pounds from that store
and I wore this the other day else I
also showed you guys on Instagram to a
girl's mehndi and part it was just a
small hair party in the house so that's
why I didn't dress up too much but I
thought this was suitable and it's long
sleeved long ruffles quite nice I don't
usually go for the style but I thought
I'd go for something more feminine
because I'm usually like a total bloke
but anyway got that and you will
probably see me wearing this in photos
quite soon hopefully this blazer let me
just close the button so y'all can see
it okay just give me a second now just
one second I'm so annoyed I bought a
brand new light bulb so that my room
would be brighter so I could film in the
night and obviously it hasn't work so
sorry about that guys just bear with me
for this video and it shot a lot my next
video will be really good quality
lighting okay it looks really ugly on
camera but it's so nice on if you have a
look it's like very subtle as techie
kind of prints have a look at that see
what I mean in gorgeous colors that are
perfect for the spring /summer I know
it's summer but it's basically like
winter here still so there's that blaze
this oversized very baggy big shoulder
pants I love that I don't know what I'm
gonna wear it with yet but you will most
likely see pictures soon and that was 35
pounds I think but you're not gonna be
able to get it because it's like really
old
sanely got like trial of and it's way
too big for me but it doesn't matter
because I'm gonna wear it too big it's a
it's a size large and it's BCBG there
let me just close the zip so y'all can
see it and it is really really too big
for me it's meant to be a certain fit
but I'm just gonna wear it bug you
because that's half huge but it is so
nice on what's more it's got a nice big
zip down the middle so I can wear it
open if I fancy doing that yeah got that
I think that was like 20 pounds or
something last I got is this blazer and
I also showed you guys this on Instagram
and with his blazer oh let me close it
as well is Hugh just way too big for me
but that's hot you know it's
nice sleeves rolled up maybe a nice
shirt underneath skinny jeans boots that
kind of thing oh and then last but not
least it's something that you guys can
actually get who you are and I can't
wait to wear this I'll probably wear
this with the blue skinny jeans I got
from H&M so here it is
but this jumper is from Primark men's
section I've been looking for like a
black sweater with like bright white
with like a bright white logo on the
front so this was great and this is also
extra extra-large from Primark men's
section 14 pounds that was today so love
that probably weather well scuse me wow
that is the quickest I've ever filmed
the video even though it is like about
10 minutes long I don't worry about it
anyway that's everything I've got in the
in approximately the last two weeks
I also got this Red Bull today which I'm
gonna drink after I've finished talking
because talking it makes me so thirsty
oh by the way this necklace is from
Topshop for 3 pound but I think I
already told you I'm telling you guys
everything because you always ask me
where everything's from and I always
forget to put in the caption of my
pictures where anything's from so I hope
that's helped you will probably see all
of these outfits in the next couple
weeks in my outfit of the day videos or
in my outfit of their pictures etc so
I'm not gonna shop now for a good two
months I've promised myself hopefully
inshallah but anyway guys if you would
like to see her dad tutorial finished
then like the video and I will make
another video here it is if any of you
guys were wondering what it actually
looks like this side is like uglier than
this fight but there's always one ugly
side to a scarf on one pretty side so
whatever anyway guys hope you've enjoyed
this video and until next time
Red Bull gives you wings I'm only joking
till next time keep it covered please
let's do this slide peace
