hi guys I am making a video this is the
first video I have made for my main
channel in 2018 it feels really weird
obviously I have a new background
because we moved house as you know oh I
don't know if you do know but basically
I moved house we move cities actually
also made a vlog channel guys if you
have followed the vlog channel and have
been watching the videos on there then
you'll be updated to kind of what's
happened over the Christmas period in
the new year I will leave the link for
my new channel below because there's
gonna be regular vlog uploads on that
channel and on this channel will just be
weekly uploads more kind of sit-down
ones right let me just explain the noise
right I've got the balcony doors open
because I got really really hot and
suddenly just got really noise outside
so I'm actually gonna go close that door
the blog channel is called Dena Tokyo
vlogs very simple and if you just type
that into YouTube it should come up a
few kind of profiles down listen write
forgive me if the lighting changes and
loads of things changes this video I
haven't yet figured out how to do things
properly to be honest with you week ago
on my Instagram I asked you guys to
leave me questions because the first
kind of video I wanted to film for 2018
is a Q&A so I can kind of update you
guys on everything I always just feel
like a Q&A is the best way to get back
into the swing of things I always feel
like I've done a lot of Q&A s but then I
look back on my channel and actually I
haven't filmed one for four whole months
so it's time for another one what I've
never actually done is a get ready with
me chatty Q&A so I thought you know what
let me put on some makeup while I answer
these questions because guys you're not
gonna believe me I swear to god it's
been like four months since I've done a
full face of makeup like I mean full
eyelashes everything I don't know what
look I'm doing today spent the whole day
yesterday washing all of my brushes and
I really miss makeup and I just wanted
to have a go I picked out a few bits and
bobs for my makeup drawers but I haven't
actually sorted out my makeup properly
at all so some of this stuff I've
actually never tried anyway let's get
straight into it I asked you guys on
Instagram and Twitter but actually you
guys really came through on Twitter I'm
mainly going to be answering questions
from my Twitter I have a feeling though
that I won't be able to answer as many
questions as I would like because I'm
also doing makeup I'm not gonna go
through every product I'm using
consciously but if I mention it that I
do I will try and leave
all the details in the description don't
hold me to that I haven't got my shit
together that much okay listen if I'm
not myself I feel really weird because I
haven't done a sit-down video at ages
okay first question is are you gonna
have merchandise the plan is to do that
definitely the thing is with me and Syd
we plan and we have deadlines for a lot
of things but then we never quite reach
the the deadlines because we're
literally just like a two-man team and
it can be hard to actually do things and
get deadlines but the plan is to have
merch that's for sure so hopefully that
will come this year and hopefully soon
like beginning of the year not you know
too late but we do have ideas put down
we just haven't kind of finalized the
ideas anyway I'm just priming my face
this is the YSL primer wow it's very
oily Wow is that even gonna let
foundation sit on it why maybe feels
nice though I'm not gonna lie let me
take my nose stud out cuz that's just
gonna get in the way I've decided that
actually this is gonna be really
difficult to film guys I have no idea
what makeup look I'm doing I really I
really don't have a clue I don't ride
this Lancome tan Adal foundation I got
ages ago now I think it might be too
dark for me but whatever if it's too
dark for me we'll just make it work
right like who cares literally you know
because I haven't put on makeup and so
long I actually feel really weird
putting on foundation no matter how
little I put on nowadays I always feel
like it's always too much because I'm so
used to not wearing it now which is
still weed cuz I was the cake face and
actually before I went through this
phase of like not having time to wear
makeup actually wasn't wearing
foundation anyway because when I wanted
to full face of coverage I'd actually
just you can see there anyway so I
better answer another question god how
do people do this they must print out
the questions duh I've got stuff on my
lips because they are incredibly
incredibly chapped so I don't actually
wanna put foundation on them I'm gonna
keep them as moisturized as possible
somebody asked do you sometimes wish you
had a twin brother instead and a younger
/ older sister so I wish I had a twin
brother not really I've got twin sister
that's enough we're in two totally
different things but we're also into a
lot of the same things so this is the
Maybelline interested anti age erase eye
concealer that I have basically been
using for literally ever sorts out my
coverage for me any day of the year May
this video is gonna be so
would you go on to the apprentice I've
had that question load you know and the
answer to that is no why would I go on
the apprentice what am I gonna do on it
I'm using 3d brow tones by benefit
they're bloody brow collection is great
I like to brush my eyebrows up nowadays
Wow
it's no high-fashion thing is when the
apprentice first started it was actually
quite feeling for people like me because
help with your business and blah blah
blah but at the end of the day right now
it's literally just a reality show and
Plus every time I watch it I'm actually
like is it are these people all thick do
they really not know what they didn't
like how simple could these tasks be and
they don't know what they're doing but
I'm pretty sure everybody feels that way
when they watch it by the way I bleached
my brows yesterday that's why they're
quite gingerly I really like the beach
look anyway what should I do you know
somebody asked what advice would you
give to younger Deana
what advice would you give to 13 year
old DITA a newly married Dina and new
mum Dina so the advice I'd give to 13
year old Dina is relax love everything
will happen when it's time for it to
happen don't worry about the cool kids
because one day you'll be a cool kid to
do what you want more because I remember
really loving sports but stopping myself
doing sports because I was like I wear a
scarf so I look stupid icon my advice to
newlywed Dina would be pick your battles
because not everything can be a fight
and it would also be don't dent his ego
whatever you do my advice to new mum
Dina this is temporary
I don't mean the child is temporary
because obviously a child is for life I
mean that that a newborn face you know
when you're breastfeeding and you're
tired don't worry this is temporary it
does get better I'm not saying it gets
easier but it does get better because
the challenges change and they actually
get more fun so guys I'm actually just
gonna go put another turban on my head
because this one keeps slipping back in
this a very annoying I should ask how do
you let Hannah and Sid know that you
love them without actually saying I love
you what are some of your favorite ways
to show your affection for them that's a
really good question because actually I
believe that love is not somebody
constantly telling you that they love
you it's more what they do for you and
how they show you that they love you so
even like as small as making them a cup
of coffee in the morning you know asking
them how are they while he's driving
maybe giving him
a little neck rub or ear rub you know
small things like that means they don't
really like big on gifts being a mega
romantic but we do do a lot for each
other for example Sid will cook for us
showing us that he loves us because he's
feeding us to be honest with you with
Hannah I'll just tell her I love her all
the time because you just can't help
yourself when you're paying you like I
love you or you so cute look you just
constantly tell them and they just like
yeah alright relax I spend time with her
you get loser families like this
actually they're like oh I love you oh
and they like to really post about it on
social media the amount of affection
that they have for one another but
actually behind closed doors the way
they treat each other and the way they
kind of do things family dynamics
doesn't showcase well it's a bit hard to
explain but even just spending time with
them rather than stick in front of the
cartoons which I do a lot but I also do
feel guilty when I do that and I like to
play with her and I don't just mean like
oh let me get her toys out so she can
play like actually play with her sit
down do the play-doh make shakes with
her read stories with her like actually
interacting while you're playing so that
you're so that you're not just there
physically but you're also there like
you're there with rather than the
memories of them just I don't know
coming home from work and then
disciplining you and then that didn't
make any sense
also oh god I tell you what pisses me
off to another level you have no idea so
many people do this have their kids in
the car moving not strapped in or not
even in car seat or being in them but
not being strapped in and the car is
moving and I'm just like strap your kid
in man if you love your kid it strap
your kid in because it literally can
take the tiniest accident and that child
will be the worst one off out of
everyone I just don't understand why
anyone would risk it and it happens in
Egypt a lot and it does my head in man
and it's really hard when I go to Egypt
with Hannah I've only been with her once
but it's hard to go out and about with
her because the cabs don't really have
car seats and when she's a baby we
actually had to borrow one from my
cousin's friend which was very good of
her and we had to borrow her car seat to
like having the car rental that we had
out there and also sometimes I'd have
her in the sling and I'd just be
shitting myself I'd enough like when us
as adults sometimes I don't wear my
seatbelt but now more than ever I wear
it because I think of Hannah and I think
we all need to be safe we all need to be
safe as a family basically because you
really never know what could have
to anyone like literally so why would
you take the risk it's just like are you
asking for it to show that you love your
kid it's about trying to be a good
parent and that doesn't just mean buy
them everything and spoil them and all
that shit it means discipline as well
because you want kids to be healthy in
it you need your kids to be balanced
everything in moderation I say okay hey
noonah
asks where do you recommend for a new
hey jebby to shop I don't know where you
live but here in the UK I'm pretty sure
as layers of options now just the
regular high street stores will do don't
go out looking for something that is
long-sleeved for length not see-through
think about how you can use it in an
outfit so can you use it for layering
can you use it as an addition an
additional piece I literally think
everything is suitable I don't think you
need to know where to shop I think you
need to know how to shop maybe I'll do a
video and call it how to shop for
suitable notice alright let's find
another question because I'm finding
that I'm just talking a lot of she reach
one your first date with Syd think I've
said this before but my first date was
Syd was basically at no I actually paid
for our first date which is so funny
because I was one of the people up Oh
mhm and I remember we were eating
chicken he was really getting into it
with his hands he ordered a lot of
chicken but I remember thinking yeah but
is nice he's proper munching know that I
was eating really politely or anything I
just wasn't going for it as much
have you noticed I'm really stalling
doing the eyes and I don't have my
lashes perm so I'm gonna have to do
lashes which I haven't done in the
longest time it's very scary how
difficult has motherhood actually been
I'm definitely not one to sugarcoat
motherhood before I get into that though
guys look at this palette from midnight
she cosmetics that I got I can't even
remember when but I just found in my
drawer and I was like oh this looks fun
because the mag glitter I don't even
know how to do eyes anymore
I'm such a basic makeup person now the
amount of skillet in the world is just a
ridiculous
so motherhood is really really hard it's
ridiculous how hard is and it's crazy
because if women could truly truly know
how hard it was I didn't think we'd ever
have kids but that is one of the
blessings of God that you don't actually
find out until you have one because if
you didn't we wouldn't be making kids
and there'd be no humans in the world so
I don't know how many of you guys still
remember but I was really depressed when
Hannah was very young when she was like
basically newborn all the way up until
close to a year maybe like nine ten
months had mega-mega postnatal
depression it's really hard to get out
of it and actually do you remember I was
in Birmingham when I gave birth to
Hannah and we stayed there for the first
six months of her life and then when she
was six months old we moved to London do
you remember one of the reasons I was so
adamant to move to London because I just
was so depressed in Burma go I don't
know anyone here I don't have a life I
live in the middle of nowhere
and also at that point we were going to
London a lot during the week and staying
with my sister for work and meeting so I
was just like Syd I just want to move
and I was happy in London it actually I
think helped me get out of depression
faced 100% so I got really lucky with
that but some people won't know what's
gonna help it's mad cuz nobody
understands it you really do feel like
you're all alone so even now I find it
so hard to go out with Hannah by myself
and this is one of the reasons we've
moved to Cardiff because I was just like
you know what's it at least things will
be easier like maybe we'll have more
independence as in me and you away from
each other independence I won't rely on
you as much maybe I can go out alone I
won't need you to come out so then you
can go do your own thing a bit more
rather than thinking I need to take Dena
and Hannah here and you know you know I
mean so by the way we've Scott I just
know Cardiff and I grew up here and I've
got my mum here and stuff so and I've
got old friends here so it's still hard
but it's a lot easier already and it's
only been like a month so it's really
hard if you're tired you know like we
feel tired but you got to get up like
you can't just take a break when your
mum you can't just take a break you have
to carry on and as much as dads are
great and say it is amazing with Hannah
and he's so involved totally 5050 there
is a difference because mothers just
have like a sixth sense and they have
this natural motherly instinct where you
will wake up when you hear them crying
like that is automatic so that's always
on you what did they call it I can't
member what they call it but I read this
thing basically and though they called
it they call it mum brain or something I
don't know but we constantly have a list
of to do things in our brain that men
don't have so Hannah will wake up and
I'll go downstairs with her but already
in my head there's a bunch of things to
do I'm like need to grab a nappy needs
changing a few need to go upstairs get
her clothes need to Peter Breck first
first thing I got to do is offer her
water when she wakes up because she's
probably thirsty just like I'm thirsty
when I wake up and then at the same time
I'm thinking oh we need to get toilet
rolling on the way home
just a list of things that we constantly
have to do and we constantly have to
remind our partners of that list whereas
they don't have that in their heads so
because we're constantly thinking of it
that's already tiring so you know that
last video I did where Sid exposes me
and I'm like why do I need to tell you
to do things just use your initiative
they don't have that they wait to be
told already how do you juggle a
full-time job and being a mum so I'm
very lucky handily because I am able
work from anywhere in the world actually
obviously the best place for me is
London because that is where most of the
blogging kind of stuff goes down and
that's basically well even just for
bloggers but like London in general is
the best best place for anybody's
careers having said that I can work from
anywhere and that's also one of the
reasons we decided to move to Cardiff
because we were like you know what mate
if we can work anywhere why are we
spending so much on rent when we could
literally cut that in half and live in a
nicer house have a easier lifestyle just
the fact that I'm like self-employed
means I can work any way I want so I'm
really lucky and I always think about
full-time mums you have babies and have
to go into a nine-to-five and I'm always
just like how how do they do it I'm also
lucky that I can work with my husband
because that means we we equally share
responsibilities with work as well as
with Hannah if I was doing all of this
alone and I wasn't working with Syd and
he had to go in to a nine-to-five job it
would still be really hard for me to
find time to do everything
actually I'm lucky because I can work
with my husband and basically guys just
try and try if you can you have the
opportunity to become your own boss go
for it once you start becoming your own
boss you literally never want to be
employed by anyone ever again in your
life which is hard actually because I'm
not stupid sometimes I think this might
not be forever so if it isn't forever or
what am I gonna do
I might actually have to go into
employment I do understand I'm not here
and I definitely appreciate that
but it's also then about making the
right decisions to ensure that you are
able to stay you know your own boss as
well making investment in business or
gradually evolving what you do so that
it's more suited for when you're a bit
older you know things like that you know
obviously me and said think about these
things and plan for the future
but like I said it's not easy to put
things fully in place when you are so
busy being a mom and blog
then you know that anyway I'm really
rambling guys I'm just gonna put some
castor oil on my lids I don't know why
I'm doing this let's just see what
happens so that the glitter can stick
actually I feel like going for this
lovely just it kind of pink glitter this
might literally fall all over my face
then I don't know what I'm gonna do I'm
not really good with glitter I've never
done it before
oh yeah hello what are you I had to
disappear for a minute and do my lashes
off camera because basically when I do
my lashes I have to stand and look in
the mirror because otherwise it's just
ain't gonna happen pretty sure you know
how to apply lashes I don't have any new
techniques I did she does they're going
please work please work did you find it
difficult blending in with Pakistani
in-laws or was it easy as you guys
seemed so chilled out I'm gonna be
honest I did find it very difficult just
because the culture is so different by
the way I'm just gonna like tight line
my upper lashes with this amazing
creation from it cosmetics it basically
is a black primer eyeliner mascara
Muscat it's like it could be anything
but it's literally called it tight line
yes I do find it difficult then again
sometimes but specifically in the
beginning some of it is cultural things
but some of it is literally just down to
the fact that we're different families
for anybody going into any marriage it's
hard to adjust to another family's way
of doing things when your way of doing
things with your family literally so
different and I think the same goes for
Sid he finds it very hard as well or he
did find it very hard with my family
seller asks me and Hubbs don't pray
together at home because we're too much
of a distraction to each other what
about you guys I don't know what you
mean by distraction like Oh can't get
your hands off each other or what if I'm
imagining correctly I think you mean
maybe you get the giggles when you pray
me and Sid don't get the giggles I've
got the giggles with my siblings when
I'm praying before so Sid's not a
distraction so much but we don't pray
together a lot at all and I don't
actually know what the reason for that
is I'm gonna try as best as I can with
these lips because they're so chapped I
don't know but I know I'm always
thinking I really want to pray together
because it's obviously there and also
when you're afraid together you push
each other more to pray come on let's
get off and pray and then you're like
okay let's get up and pray when you're
doing it by yourself you have to
yourself and that's a lot harder and I
spoke about this before but you know
praying my times it can be really hard
to stick to and I do find it really
difficult I have times where I am
praying five times I have times where
I'm praying three times I have times
where I haven't played all day you know
when I found it their most difficult to
pray ever after I had my baby Hannah
which is crazy because during the
pregnancy I was praying very
consistently and like out of I didn't
have any trouble as soon as she came out
all of a sudden I was like I don't have
time for anything let alone making would
she get me actually it's been a struggle
since having Hannah to keep consistent
which is crazy because you're like a mom
should have your shit together for me
it's been harder having a kid because
you basically don't have time for
yourself whereas before that raining
actually helped me get all my day
everything was around the prayers and
now she made the day go really easy and
very productively I put in my head if
anything Hannah needs to see me pray so
that she knows that she's Muslim and
she's familiar with with it and she is
that's how I'm reminding myself the fact
that I'm a mom and I have a child to
raise as a Muslim by is difficult and I
get it but then means it have had times
where we've been very supportive to each
other with praying so it's just all
about it's all it's all this very
subjective isn't it so it depends on you
anyway guys this is the final look what
do you think I'm actually just gonna
change into more complimentary scarf and
top colors here we have it guys this is
the finished look
pretty chuffed with myself to be honest
with you having done make him so long
although it looks like I might have done
a stripe here like is there a patch
missing I don't know she'll just ignore
that also did you like this jumper I got
it
literally like at least a year ago from
Marks & Spencer and I work for my
blogosphere shoot if you remember anyway
let me just take my thumbnail I hope you
enjoyed that video sorry I couldn't
answer that many questions because I was
just literally took like 15 minutes on
one question but I hope at least they
were detailed answers I don't know
please leave suggestions for what you
would like to see on this channel in the
comments bearing in mind that this
channel is now going to be more
organized structured planned videos go
wild with your suggestions just no more
vlogs on this channel that will all be
on my vlog channel and make sure you
subscribe to that I'll leave the link
for that also a description and anyway
I'll see you next week with another
video thanks for watching until next
time bye
