time to do celebrity look for less
number seven or is it number eight I
don't know it's seven or eight and this
week guys it is going to be Victoria
Beckham posh spice so let me just put
the sunglasses on to get into the right
mode she's just doing her hair and she's
going so I'm just gonna do my hitch and
just go
there's the purse you like it check out
the pictures on Dina Tokyo duct cars I'm
just gonna keep the sunglasses on and I
was gonna wear brown scarf to go with
the whole brown hair or posh spice I
thought no I'll just stick to black
because you could dye her hair any time
anyway yeah I mean it's a pretty simple
outfit very chic very elegant very
effortless Oh everybody knows posh spice
let's just say Victoria Beckham has got
very nice gorgeous style and she's
always looking found Abby dozy so I
thought this up it would be great a
couple of you guys have actually I have
notification I've suggested for me to do
this a number of times or maybe it's
this one person suggesting it loads of
times but I finally did it because it's
very heavy friendly and very glam but
can also be dressed down for the daytime
even though she's out in the daytime in
the picture I would wear that more for
evening look but only because I can't
wear heels
very well you know unless they're like
wedges black hijab
well scarf is from my store obviously
hello and it's the is from the new
collection of the no hassle no hassle no
bubbles no problem collection so go
check it out on lasercom found these
sunglasses
I found them from Primark obviously I
mean I'm not a sunglasses person they do
not suit me if you comment saying they
really suit me you're lying but I got
these from Primark because you know I
don't spend money on sunglasses because
I don't wear them but they were a pound
so you can't really go wrong Kenia there
you go I was gonna take the ring out and
be totally posh spice but no we need a
bit of Dina in it I can only see the
jewelry on her right hand not very
clearly but I can see she's got a nice
girl to watch on so of course I'm gonna
put Michael Kors
on my arm and then I just put this um to
bring
on this finger which doesn't actually
fit this finger very well but I'm just
doing it for the video usually I went on
this finger but we don't want to look
too complicated and too over-the-top
because once you start putting things
all together and going crazy
you could look a bit cheap and tacky if
you don't mean like I do sometimes but I
like that look which is why I do it but
when I do it I do it on purpose that's
the difference okay so then we have a
blazer that I've closed she brings the
collars up like so because she's
gangster like that and I got this blazer
obviously from Primark
for like 12 pounds I got it a size 12
because I wanted it to be slightly bag
here than my usual snug fit Blazers then
I'm just wearing a gray under top
underneath which was also primer
allowing wearing harem pants which ah if
you can see my sister's they're like a
silky copy very dark cocky kind of green
very light lovely for the summer the
back is a bit horrible looks a bit like
a few Japan's but don't worry about it
and they are from all states so I think
there was seventy pound sorry the shoes
just one gone here's a look
I just bent down to the Blazer there's a
harem and here are the heels these are
from Jun Li around 50 to 70 pounds as
well Victoria is not wearing a bag Lagos
check out Deena Tokyo dot-com for the
whole the full outfit pictures I'll try
my best to pose as she does but you know
me and my weird skinny poses so anyway
that means what you'd like the next
video to be and until next time keep it
coming please
