hi guys so today's video is gonna be a
really quick
hey Jerr tutorial and it's basically the
eject oriole of how my sister wears her
scoff and I thought I already showed you
guys actually pretty sure I already have
showed you guys I just didn't title it
how my sister wears a scarf and by I
feel like it needs updating so I'm just
gonna show you guys again over here
underneath she's just gone and got a
trampy little scarf I put on her head
like so I'm just doing this one again to
show you guys and then she's just
switched over like that and rats one
side over and the other side over so
that's the base got a little area so
here's the base that I put on what I
made earlier okay so what's really good
about this tutorial is you don't need
any pins I'm just gonna be using one of
my lazy dog off what she does then if
she grabs one end and she falls it
almost halfway actually because it's
quite a big scarf and sticks on her head
one short side one long side got a short
side which comes to about your waist and
then a long side which goes all the way
to about uni I think okay then she just
sorts it around round her face like like
we all do inna then she grabs hmm the
ends there you are sorry and then what
she does is she goes like that she
brings the short side oh well can you
see that over the long side on the other
side like soon okay and she does the
little point thing
oh I lied you do need one pin so anyway
then you get this short side stick it up
over here which is like what we've done
before and pin it it looks stupid but oh
I
another little squirrel ear or something
anyway then you grab this side open up
the scarf so it's nice and wide
we'll just flick it over your face like
that it looks not like that let's start
again shall we
Dina silly child look it over like that
bring it around the face again cuz if
you notice hairs is like a bun style but
it's still quite poofy quite poopy poopy
so you bring that second lay all around
your face like that and then which does
if she grabs all the back like that and
then just gets a hair bubble and ties it
like some to the place I never wear this
out cuz I don't Iike suit city but know
as if you're tying a side ponytail okay
I hate doing huge editorial that's my
sister CDF style now you don't need to
see here cuz this is basically what she
looks like
but she's just slightly whiter than me
cuz you know she's a Gore pakora I hope
you guys enjoyed it and now I'm just
gonna show you another jet tutorial okay
so to my old viewers I apologize cuz you
already know this and to my new viewers
I'm doing this for you okay a lot of
people are still asking what is my
everyday head yep style even their words
on it but I'm just gonna literally show
you in two seconds flat so you have the
base how I just showed you two minutes
ago
good luck this under your face get a pin
pin it get this side go like that pin it
up there as well pin it right there at
this side here pin pin pin pin who to
explain it or not pin pin pin pin get
long side flick it over play around with
it a little bit flatten it on head pin
pin and pin there you go deena everyday
hijab style on different days sometimes
there is a slight difference where I
don't put a pin here and give my neck
some air and put earrings in etc but
they're very slight differences this is
Dean a quick every day well there you go
very easy okay and hopefully I won't get
any more requests of my everyday hijab
style yeah let me know what we do you
like to see next guys til next time keep
you covered peace
