hi guys so I'm filming the car because
I'm all the way home it's way too kind
of town center to see if I can do the
challenge of find an outfit for 10
pounds but it may go up to find an
outfit for 15 pounds possibly 20 pounds
but we'll see how it goes so wish me
luck whoa I started warily t2z my
sister's right there so if I turn the
camera you will see her but I can't I'm
allowed
how funny silly is it hey guys I'm one
of those days you know those days where
you spend like three hours trying on and
out trying on different clothes and in
the shuttle up on talking and in the end
you just end up wearing your most
comfortable outfit which is usually
tramp Eclipse so there you go
anyway it's kind of gonna be like a vlog
II shopping day hopefully I'll let you
know how it goes and then if I find the
outfit I will show you the outfit at the
end of the video okay hi also if you
like my scarf is from lace top okay so
here's the dealio guys when I went to do
the challenge I met up with my I was
with my sister I met up with my friend
Desiree and then just got distracted and
nobody was interested in a while and
while I was trying to do so in the end I
didn't do the challenge because I just
didn't do it so I'm going now to Cardiff
Town Center and guess I wish me luck
I'll try and do some vlogging in the
shops if I'm not too embarrassed to film
and I'll see you in a bit okay
so just came back from town and
basically the challenge was rubbish I
just realized there's no point in doing
it because in the end I just ended up
going to Primark and I got myself a
really nice maxi dress which I'm gonna
raise a skirt and a nice crop top and as
well as a nice t-shirt so altogether the
outfit is approximately 10 to 15 pounds
but that's not including scarf or shoes
or bag so it's totally pointless really
the whole thing and there weren't enough
charity shops in the church's shops I
couldn't find anything and they were
really like Oh
Totti things so don't even know why I'm
filming this bit here but it's
interesting I'm gonna drive and the
cameras gonna fall but what I'm gonna do
is just turn this video into a summer
outfit of the day sorry for the change
of plan and all that maybe I'll take up
the challenge another day if I go to
another shopping city or something like
that
hi guys I know I look like I don't have
a face in this light but anyway I'm just
showing you guys the outfit that I got
when I try to do the shopping challenge
thing so this is it - the scarf and the
leather jacket I got this skirt this
maxi dress was 10 pounds and this
t-shirt was 2 pounds from Primark men's
section the t-shirts from the men's
section the skirt is obviously from the
women's section ok so it's actually a
maxi dress but it's one of those ones
that are stupid because they just come
up above the ankles so I've just pulled
it down because the waist because the
boob it is elasticated so it just pulls
it down to my waist I'm gonna have a
long skirt so altogether that's 10 plus
2 pounds that's 12 pounds well done the
math for you it's not really an outfit
because didn't get the jacket didn't get
scarf and he didn't get the shoes on the
bag so it's certainly possible to get
out boo tenor
unless you totally just go into charity
shops but I went into some tire shops
and even Oxfam has got things like six
pounds to ten pounds so even that the
only actual charity shop priced charity
shop around nowadays is just a some
relief ice I think where everything is
like to pound this is one of the ways I
would wear a maxi skirt and I've just
won the t-shirt over the top because
it's actually a dress and it goes all
the way up to here we'll put teacher
over it and then I've just stuck my
leather jacket to toughen it up a little
the usual black wedges and if you
remember actually on Facebook I posted
up I want to be those saline strappy
black sandal heels or something very
similar basically to go with outfits
like this with skirts that are too long
so I can't wear flats but I need some
kind of heel and i just think the those
saline kind of strappy sandal heels
would go perfectly with this kind of
outfit as well as all outfits really
binding my baggy trousers outfit that
kind of thing so that's what I really
want to do if you have a look at the
skirt clothes seats actually like
paisley print and I'm not fond of
paisley print at all but I thought I
would give it a go seeing as it's big
for spring/summer
12 and also it's got a lot of nice
colors so you could basically pick
almost any scarf color to wear I just
thought I'd go for the burgundy to tone
it down a little seeing as I have a
light blue bag as well I don't usually
go for skirts or dresses that have this
ruffle business but I thought it was
quite subtle and then that's why I
toughened up with the leather jacket
because I don't like things looking too
flowery and too girly but anyway just in
case I don't show you another outfit
with this then until next time keep it
covered re-edit the accessories the
usual the
that's the watch I got for my sauce
remember so yeah you could check our
pictures on TV Tokyo calm as well and
it's so ugly so it's time to go bye bye
watch
