hi guys how are you doing today well
this is exciting because basically today
I'm going to be announcing the winners
of the two top of the to talk what the
hell of the two competitions I have done
and they both ended approximately one
week ago the first when I'm going to
announce is the lazy doll competition
winner which was for the no the pastel
competition but everybody had to enter a
picture of themselves or a collage they
made of how they would rock the parcel
trend of this season so oh my god this
is ridiculous this is ridiculous my
scarf is dating that's actually
disgusting ignore the dirty scarf I will
change that before I go out maybe one
sec darlings okay I just want to say
well done to everybody who entered the
pastel competition I really enjoyed
looking at your pictures and it just
made me want to shop so not thank you
for that but anyway okay when is
somebody who entered last minute
basically her name is bus McKay he best
mikeg e hello Bessemer and well done you
get up a goodie bag from lazy doll as
well as a t-shirt from lace doll um
which haven't come out yet so you'll get
your goodie bag first and then when I
get t-shirts I've got it noted down the
winners to get t-shirts as freebies as
well but I won't happen I happen to a
little bit later in sha Allah um so yeah
please send me your address so I can get
your goodies sorted and ish ASAP so well
done bus McKay he I will leave the link
to her picture on the page in the
description she's wearing this just very
simple outfit really but she's
accessorized it really well it might
help that she's absolutely stunning
mashallah
but that's irrelevant so anyway that's
winner number 1 for the puzzle
competition winner number 2 is going to
be
well it is low enough window number two
is and um and um I asked I will leave a
link to her picture in the description
and also but her she didn't take a
picture of his sauce she did a collage
and the reason she's one is basically
because there are two items in her
outfit that I really want the Blazer is
like multicolored parcels it's gorgeous
anybody who can find it please let me
know because it sold out so well done
well done and um um um however you say
your name darling
well done annum and bessemer for winning
the puzzle competition there will be
loads more competitions and you guys
also know when I've got things rolling
on lazy dog I usually put up random
statuses telling you to like the status
and I give away loads of random free
scoffs so keep checking out the page
which is Facebook so well done you too
silly Billie's now we're gonna go on to
who won the Dino Tokyo imitation contest
where you had to record a video of
yourself trying your best to imitate me
and my stupidity
sometimes okey-dokey and I had so many
entries for a whole month of April and
it just made my month because man I was
having a laugh watching some of these
some of you guys cracked me um if you
guys want to check out all the video
entries the majority of them are video
responses to my competition details
video and a couple of them were sent to
me through email though so you can't see
those and then there's a lot there's a
lot of them that are on YouTube but you
can only see them if you have the link
so I know a lot a couple of you guys
have been following the entries and you
know helping me decide etc but um the
winners I will I'm gonna choose three
winners so the winners I will put links
to their videos in the description of
this video and they might those videos
might be deleted sooner or later because
I know a lot of these girls aren't
youtubers they just uploaded it for the
sole purpose of entering let's come
a well done extra extra well done to
anybody who entered this continue
because I know it's hard to put yourself
on YouTube
especially if you never done a video
before especially if you're quite young
and you all did there's there wasn't one
video where I didn't I didn't smile at
least there wasn't one and any hate or
negativity you've got you know to do
what I do just ignore it
and that's all you've got to do okay
don't worry about it darling
so I think it goes without saying that
the first winner is gonna have to be the
first entry that was entered basically
and that is bi-curious zero zero Mimi
I don't know her real name but she is a
girl who entered the competition and
I'll leave the link of the video in
description I don't if she's still got
up but I know I'm still liked on YouTube
I hope she has still got up because it's
hilarious oh my god such a date he's got
so I will put the link up for you guys
to all stuff Eliza I can't this is
terrible that's it like okay I'm just
gonna do my stuff like that for now
that's the way she imitated me is just
hilarious just hilarious like you are
not gonna like you will pee your pants
watch it it's just so funny so well done
you
you funny thing you next winner was oh
hold on hold on a second she was funny
man so you guys aren't stand how many
good entries there where is so hard to
choose three people so so hard okay the
second one was definitely it just had to
be the one by BK 0h g a dai they
obviously just made a youtube account to
enter so i don't know what their names
are but it's two girls one of them very
smartly is acting as sushi my cat and
the other one is acting as me and if you
just it's an outdoor video and you guys
you might not want to watch out getting
cuz the wind and all that it's not very
clear but if you just listen to what
they're saying it is hilarious they did
a really really good job the accents
weren't really that great I think the
American or something I don't know but
but it's a hilarious video
they're just like playing on everything
I say and taking the mick out will be
big-time fight is hilarious so those two
win you for you too because there's two
of you in the video I will just send you
a really big goodie bag and you guys can
share the stuff okay
please send me your details also on Deen
Tokyo Atlas allcom so by the way this
isn't first place second prize actually
is so number three the person who came
fed Oh is gonna be the third winner this
is so hard for me she's just so you know
I'm literally looking at the list and
going off what wait the other one was
funny oh my god she was hilarious blah
blah blah so I'm just gonna I've just
chosen this person purely because she
used one technique and really
exaggerated it and I found it really
hilarious and she is Egyptian queen me
I'll say YouTube using so well done you
I will leave the link also in
description and you will notice that
she's hardcore talking to the camera guy
rolling her eyes like every two seconds
I just find that so funny so so funny
and her the hand gestures everything
really cracked me up so you guys are my
three winners well done I need all of
the information on team Tokyo so calm
the winners for the past uh competition
I also need your your information on
team Tokyo so calm so I mean email so I
can get your stuff together t-shirts
will come when I do the t-shirts though
so let's not worry about that for now I
also just want to do a shout out to Dean
of decency girls they are a pair of
there are two girls who entered and one
of them was acting as me one of them was
acting as to see my sister and it's just
hilarious shout-out to Simon smiles like
she did an imitation video because I
made her do it because she's a youtuber
and how could she not what the hell's
wrong with her so she did one and check
out Simon smiles like it'll only be up
there for a little while and then heads
it's pretty hilarious so go check that
out the people I chose I chose you guys
because I feel you imitated me perfectly
like perfectly like the way I do my face
my hands what happens in the middle of
my everything you just really did it
perfectly and you put a really hilarious
twist in it so that's why I chose you
three
I knew it shout out to Dean of decency
shout out to Simon smiles like shout out
to hakima Cummings for doing the
impression as well she did really well
considering she's a Murray key and yeah
accent was quite good it was quite funny
hers actually I think I can leave all
the links in the description to see
which one's work so you guys can all
watch them shout out also - who else am
I gonna favor it to me
shout out to Annie seventeen kiss Oh ex
she's hilarious she's on Twitter
hi Annie I talk to you sometimes and
yeah she literally just entered on the
day I think hers is hilarious really
hilarious because of fact as well that
she's filming and in the camera you can
see the keyboard which I do sometimes in
fact I did in my other video just shows
how terrible my filming and camera angle
is so anyway herds of scenarios who else
is hilarious cupboard girl yeah she was
hilarious she's also just a youtuber I
think hers was hilarious you know what
the old hair is all chopped up - Sammy
whammy 8 D who got her daughter to do an
impression that was pretty hilarious
pretty hilarious shoutout to manabu
who's got some funky accent going on it
sounds Australian or whatever so just it
just makes it 10 times funnier shout
talk to you shout out to the war Zoe's
t28 who's only 14 but looks about my age
and impersonated me and really played me
really well shoutout to Zell bean Saget
who's a really cute cute little chick
that I talked to on Twitter as well she
tried it and she was hilarious shout-out
to ak6 for 9 1 booyah shoutout to you
for entering your hilarious
shout up to I see a she shoutout to
everyone who entered mine I'm just
trying to say all your names so none of
you get annoyed with me
shout out to I share us - she she's
wearing geeky glasses in here oh my god
shut up - Sophia a BU she was hilarious
she had a really funny accent going on
as well and she had a little kids coming
in not her kids but like she had a
little kids coming in acting as used to
pass
really funny shout-out to miss sooner
girl she's even wearing the same jumper
I wear sometimes is that my brother
Smurf one and the geek glasses she was
hilarious shout-out to all you guys man
I know for a fact if it was me and I
wasn't YouTube I would never enter a
competition like this so well don't you
guys entered shout out to Miriam the
best because you is the best
shout out to noodle sir you guys have
some really funny YouTube names you know
so shout out to noodles sir Hugh a
hilarious oh my god shout out to new ran
to neuron Elma Brooke she's really cute
really really really cute
well done feet chief entry shout out to
Iraqi cookie 101 her invitation was
basically a Hello Kitty teddy in a scarf
doing me so it is funny
so that's everybody who entered on
YouTube shout out to you guys and shout
out to everybody who sent me an email
with their entries as well I'm not gonna
go through the names you you guys know
who you are just because it's gonna take
me forever and this video 17 minutes
long already
you know I means I need all of your
details to do intercom if you want your
gifts if you don't plan your gifts then
you ain't get no gifts okay oh yeah I
just had one tiny little thing to say
and that is anybody who is still trying
to give me advice
no not anybody actually um there's it's
time to be an issue where brothers are
deciding to give me advice because I am
there a sister in this length some
brotherly advice or whatever and the
advice tends to be um stop copying the
kafirs I mean I'm just in other words
stop copying the kafirs because your
clothing is haram because you're copying
the CareFirst
um I don't really see that point and I
don't see how your that point is valid
when you yourself mister man mr. mr.
pious man is wearing jeans and like a
polo t-shirt don't be telling me not to
copy the careful right there careful
right when you yourself are wearing polo
t-shirt and jeans I don't I don't think
that outfit that you're wearing there
mr. pious
is very religious so you know I don't I
don't understand that theory a lot of
people saying oh I'm copying the care
for us oh stop stop stop trying to copy
the Western society or let in Western
society influence you
well what happens when Western society
is a part of your culture what happens
if you are a convert what happens then
exactly when I've been bought up around
this and it is a little bit oh my god
dirty scarf and it is a little bit part
of my culture and I mean I'm not convert
but I'm half English so and in Egypt the
clothing culture isn't exactly um I'd
say Islamic I mean we have a lot of
belly dancing outfits do you want me to
go around in an Nancy Agron gala beer or
all us stylish and Haram hijabis are
doing are applying western clothes into
her Jeb
so just because I'm wearing the same
let's say jumper as Jessica Alba let's
say it doesn't mean I'm copying her and
that's Haram because if I was clubbing
her I would wear it exactly how she's
wearing it and that's with her hair out
and not covering my you know if you know
I mean I've just taken something and
changed it into something else if you
know what I mean but anyway the whole
point of this little message is just to
say to the guys do not give sisters
advice unless you're her father about
hey Gabe hide yet okay because it just
doesn't go away it just doesn't run very
well with us there's just something that
triggers this a feeling that just makes
us want to punch you in the face when
you mention hey Jeb to us because it's
just annoying by the way I missed the
part in the Quran where it says that we
have to wear a long black eye there and
until 24/7 I missed that part in the
Quran so if somebody would like to give
me the length for that and be really
grateful I hope you can sense the
sarcasm well I'm saying his brothers
don't advise a sister but I get when you
when you are sticking your pictures up
on Facebook with your hair gels and yeah
your beard all done up nice and young
you wearing like a tight top and you got
your you got your dunks on don't be
telling us not to wear Wester clothing
when you're doing the same thing okay
it's ridiculous just because I'm wearing
a top from a Western shop European shop
doesn't mean I'm copying the kafirs
the kafirs okay all I'm saying is
brothers don't try and give us advice
about hey Jeb even if you are a pious
man and you are wearing a longer Libya
to your ankles and ship ship and a beard
even if you are one of those brothers
they're little contradicting yourself a
little bit by even talking to me so
don't talk to me leave that for my dad
or my blood brothers to tell me okay I'm
just another thing as well people are
still going on about this camel hump
think I'm gonna have to disagree my head
and anybody else who does this head Jeb
style our heads are not like camel humps
and then a few guys I've ever seen a
camel and I have talked about this issue
before but we do know that my hair does
not look like a family my face might
look like a camel that's a different
story but my head does not look like a
camel's hump okay I've looked into that
hadith and so many other girls I've
spoken to and people have different
different theories with that some people
say it's referring to women in hey Jeff
some people say it's referring to women
and their hair that you know that's
hairdo now that's all popular where the
big bun is on the top of the head it
looks very very nice I would consider
that a camel hump okay just use your
brains a little bit in my head does not
look like a camel hump I mean it looks
like an alien it might look like I have
an alien back here but it doesn't look
like um huh okay okay some girls do get
it wrong I'm stick the flour clip all up
here so it goes so then it goes like
this okay that that does happen and that
is a camel hump when it's level with
your head is not a camel hub okay
seriously contact hey Jeb isn't this
scoff you know a head yet doesn't mean
scarf hey Jeb is covering up in general
whatever style hit scarf whatever style
hey Jeb you want to wear it doesn't say
in the Quran anywhere for us to get a
scarf pin it under the chin wrap it
around the head it doesn't give us
direct instructions so there's nobody
knows what style is right or wrong okay
there's just so much I can go into and
then you guys could come at me with
arguments against and I could come back
at ya but I don't have time another
thing a lot of people say is oh my god
so many hey Jeb use nowadays they're
just wearing it yet because it's fashion
I'm sorry right hey Jeb is not in
fashion okay it is not in fashion
just because a hijab' is a fashionable
does
meandher hey Jeb is in fashion if her
hey Jeb was in fashion all the
non-muslims would be wearing a hijab as
we are as well okay so we're not wearing
it up people said to me we're not
wearing it and any newbie hijabis who
have becoming JB's and you might be
thinking oh she's only wearing it for
fashion
most likely not most likely what has
happened is over the years she didn't
she has not wanted to wear hijab because
she's she's she's scared that she's
gonna have to wear obey a 24/7 because
that's what people tell us we have to do
and then she won't be able to wear her
nice clothes or she won't be able to
look smart she won't be able to you know
she won't feel confident because she
feels she's got a hideaway in just under
a rock because she wears a hey Deb well
in my view that's not the case
I'm sorry sorry if I I mean I'm not
saying that I Bay is a bad thing I love
wearing I bear but I'm not saying that
you have to wear that 24/7 it's just
it's the thing that was created it
wasn't if the black away it isn't in the
Quran it doesn't say get a black eye be
a good - sorry - get yourself a black
obey it doesn't say that no way okay but
most likely what has happened is they've
just come to realize that wearing a
hijab is then going to stop you from
looking nice okay it is gonna stop you
from looking hot and a sexual Y is not
gonna stop you from looking nice and
beautiful is not going to stop you from
that a lot of people are saying oh well
not the point if you're attracting just
as much attention from mailed well I'm
sorry if I've done my bit okay of
covering up and trying to be decent
you're gonna get Damon everywhere most
likely and I've experienced this as well
most likely a lot of men not Muslim men
and well some Muslim and some normal men
most likely a lot of them will approach
HIV and say something disgusting or shut
her up in a disgusting way and on
purpose purely for the fact that they
know she's a Muslim and they think it'll
be funny that happens a lot and a lot of
time non-muslim men just finds a hey Jeb
he's beautiful I've never heard any of
them say one bad thing about hey jebby
oh the only the only time I've ever
heard anybody say anything bad about her
debbie is actually Muslims themselves so
what does that tell us about our nice
little mo we got going on you know
even if a girl decided to wear a hijab
because all her friends are doing is
never gonna be bad for her to cover up
even if it's for the wrong reasons
because those good reasons can come
later so it's a step either way for all
of you nan hijabis who argue with her
JB's about why they shouldn't be wearing
a hijab or why why they don't want to
wear a scarf themselves personally I
think you may just be giving yourself an
excuse for a lot of hejerry girls at
this minute who one who are wanting who
have been hijabis for years and years
and they want to take their scarfs off
because they feel that their Amen isn't
strong enough their heart isn't in it
and their clothes are just taking the
mick right now with that with the hey
Jeb and when I say taking the mick
I mean skinny jeans and long Bayou tops
so that's their excuse they want to take
off and I'm and I'm I and I can say this
I'm not having to go any of you guys
because I know somebody very close to me
who's thinking of doing the same thing I
just think it's an excuse
look guys every woman has this desire to
look good and to look nice and to one
attention that's just that's just what
women like okay there are a lot of
hijabis out there who just criticize and
criticize and criticize girls like me
who like to wear a green top and some
checkered pants and wear my scarf a bit
nicely they like to criticize us because
they have been stuck in the I don't know
why but most of the time I find it's
because then they may be stuck in this
world where they think that they can't
express themselves through clothing they
can't wear they have to stay home I
don't know what it is but they just all
some of them are just bitter because
they don't know how to look good with a
hijab so they just give up and just
where I be a full time I've been through
that stage as well guys you know and I'm
not saying there's anything wrong with
that that's really nice as well that I
know some girls who the simplest girls
they just wear plain black scarf black
eye Bay no makeup no nothing and they're
still the most beautiful girl in the
room so you can do as much as you want
to try and D beautify yourself there
will always be somebody there some nasty
man who's gonna pave on you as long as
you've done your part and I don't see
any point I don't see any reason
whatsoever why I hey jebby living in the
West cannot try and
try her best to fit in the West yet
still following her Dean a nice cover up
and we're hey gab I don't see what the
I'm gonna see how that's wrong at all I
don't see I mean we're supposed to
mingle we're supposed to mingle with
society we're not supposed to be outcast
we're supposed to all try and get on in
society if we don't mingle in society
we're just going to leave that
stereotype there in the in the air we're
just gonna leave it there to get bigger
and bigger basically the stereotypes
that Muslim women wear this hedger and
they don't really want to but they have
to and because and they they stay at
home all day and none of them do
anything normal like shopping uh you
know I mean there's a lot of things we
can go into fridges but at the end of
the day my point is brothers don't give
sisters advice about hi Deb unless
you're hurt you are her blood brother or
her father or uncle or hemara you know
and sisters who are bashing other
fashionable hey Jer B's don't bash them
don't don't brush them it's totally
pointless you chose to wear bei okay it
doesn't say in the Quran where I bei it
says it says for us to cover our
adornments okay pour it back in the day
they could have just got a shawl wrapped
around loosely make sure everything's
covered its could have been any colour
you don't know what color is I hope none
of you hate me after this
I just feel sometimes I have to get
things off my chest I'm still got so
much more to say but this video has gone
on to like 35 minutes long now it's just
getting ridiculous I don't need to leave
I've also mentioned in my previous rant
is that a girl hey Jeb you should never
ever be told to take her hijab off
because like I said before it's just
taking a step back it's just taking a
step back and trust me if I was to take
my hijab off well let's just say I would
look like a totally different person and
be somebody totally different but that
doesn't go without saying that I also
know a lot of girls who are not in her
jeb but are the most decent people I've
ever met in my life
and when I say decent I mean everything
they do is decent they do everything
decent but they also dress very decently
very very decently the only thing that's
missing is a piece of material on their
head
so that doesn't go without saying that
there are a lot of girls though also
like that just like there are there are
a lot of girls who are in hejab but
their clothing might not be as decent
and but then their argument that they
don't wear the hijab is because um they
feel that they're not religious enough
well why why do you wear a scarf when
you pray because you know that you're
about to stand in front of Allah and bow
down to him and you know you know when
you pray you have to wear that
so unlike with us 24/7 so why don't you
why do you cover your hair 24/7 you know
that's just another point there a lot of
people also say umm to me and to other
girls
well what you're wearing now let's say
my outfit now I wouldn't wear this to
pray you wouldn't wear this to pray in
front of in front of God well sometimes
I do wear this if I'm out I don't have I
bear with me and I need to pray then I
will pray like this you know long as I'm
covering everything except for hands and
face and it's not sticking to the body
then it's okay really I just really hate
when there are always people there to
try and make the religion very very
complicated when it really isn't really
complicated I feel like a foreigner in
Wales well it's funny I also feel like a
foreigner when I go to Egypt so there's
no really way you kind of fit so it is
very hard so the only the best thing you
can do is take Islam and try and follow
it as best you can you just do your best
it's a very very simple religion you
know and if we're living in the West
we're not gonna outcast ourselves we're
not just gonna outcast ourselves because
why do well cuz that's not gonna help
anyone is it no so anyway I hope I made
any sense I still haven't even got
everything off my chest because I do
really don't know how to talk and I just
kind of anyway guys let me know is what
your views are if your views are you
hate me then go ahead and they hate
somewhere else
okey dokey oh I was also gonna do just a
quick outfit of the day okay black
bubble scarf
Green knitwear jumper from H&M piece
necklace from Primark then I'm just
wearing these checkered Chino kind of
pants which are also from H&M but anyway
guys welcome to the winners
till next time keep covered peace
