hi guys as you can see I'm back in my
usual corner on my bed in front of my
window leaning my camera on my window
selves unfortunately I'm back in Cardiff
after my short Egypt holiday I know I
said the next video would be my last eg
big my older brother doing my makeup but
I'm having trouble processing it at the
minute so that I'll have to be up when I
can't put it up okay oh I have phone
call hello
Oh finally you woke up hey I message you
are we going to town or walk okay good
I'm just in the middle of filming so cuz
I'm gonna put our conversation on oh you
do haha don't fall asleep
go get ready okay okay sorry about the
phone call so this is gonna be my April
favorites video because I just came back
from Egypt and it means I get chance to
sit down and have a little bit of chit
chat with you guys which I feel I kind
of need to do oh my god doesn't really
read picked on mine anyway so I'm just
gonna get straight into it I guess
okay first April favorites are these
deetle deetle cleansing surface wipes
and simply because when I am lazy and my
room or any other room in the house
needs a bit of a clean
I'll just swipe one out and just go look
I'll give you a bigger demonstration
tonight I actually feel really weird
doing this video because it feels like I
haven't done a video by myself for ages
which I have in two weeks have a look
I'm just cleaning my windowsill these
blobs over here blondie the Pape so they
are not going to come off okay
Oh cleaning the windowsill Oh cleaning
up here Wow
works actually amazingly and they're
like something like three pounds 40
large wipes inside and it's too bright
so you can't see the packaging but they
go 40 large wipes and packaging goes
with my top
stick right need a bin now okay my next
April favorite is let me just put these
back in okay my next April favorite is
these two watches over here that I got
from ASOS and I showed you guys already
in pictures but there are the two
watches I really like because I was
getting a bit bored of my coat on my arm
so and these are like 20 pounds each but
they've got that similar mice just plain
gold which means you can do the whole
arm candy thing and make it look quite
nice so I quite like these two got these
two and they're my next April favorites
next April favorites are these pins I
don't know what these are called but
they're from Asda anyway but they're
just those sliding pin things yeah those
ones that you stick me here yeah they're
just great for under the scarf to tuck
away any of those hairs that like to
stick out and make you look harm
okay they're also great to use as just
normal pins on the scarf a lot of girls
do that I don't because I just use
normal pin oh okay this next I haven't
had it for the whole of April I've just
had it for the last week of April since
I came back from Egypt but it's already
going to be a favorite so amazing put it
in this perfume which is Susu perfume
and you cannot find it on the high
street because it's actually a girl who
has got her own business she spent about
five months making her own perfume and I
thought that was just really cool
because it's something I've always
wanted to do and then somebody's done it
and it's just really cool because she
has her own perfume I was called Susan
perfume the packaging isn't anything
spectacular it's just nice and simple it
just says Susie at the front and it
scratched off because I did that by
accident but anyway I've got on now it's
like a I don't know how to describe the
smell but
it's like a nice citrus slash rosy kind
of smell is really really nice very
subtle and I was I was needing a new
perfume anyway I didn't know which one
to get and then she emailed me saying
Dena try out my new perfume I was like
okay
may as well so thanks for that Susu I
really like the whole thing of Muslims
especially Muslim women being
entrepreneurial and thinking of new
ideas and just going for it so you know
if you're looking for a new perfume
don't go to the high street go to see
and try out a whole one just give it a
chance because you never know if this
was successful for her she could come
out with loads of other fragrances and
then that would just be very beneficial
for the Muslim sister um she also sent
me a couple bags really nice well three
well one bag and two clutch bags one's
kind of like a clutch bag slash bag I'll
just show you quickly one of them that
I'll be using today I think anyway it's
just one of these like envelope banks
and then it's got a very nice strap um
but I'll be featuring those bags in
outfit of the day videos etc so anyway
that she also have bags shoes and I
think a couple clothing pieces as well
so check it out the links in the
description okie dokie darling okay next
oh my god it's ten minutes long already
what the hell okay next April favorite
is what perfume related is arter which
is a fake Chanel one because you know
Arabs and they're fakes well I don't
know if it's fake one peach or Chanel
didn't come up with these well I don't
know whatever but I like to wear it on
my wrist like this very very nice and is
from debate and my friend bought it for
her husband no my friend's brother
bought it for my friend's husband when
they went to dabei by Nick tit offer
them so thanks for that
it's a man one I think what to be honest
I really like men's after men's perfumes
men's aftershave whatever they called
and I always wear them and that's a bit
weird but I really like the smell so
anyway we were good to that okay next
April favorites is this breath spray
which is from Primark I have something
for like 50 P a lot and it's basically
just like spraying that way it's just
like spraying gum mouthwash during the
day when your breath a little bit iffy
and my breath is stinking so don't come
too close okay so it's just really good
ya want a bit of a refresh enough but
you do have to now I'm just gonna I have
some jewelry pieces to show you guys but
then I thought there's no point because
they're lazy dull jewelry that will go
up on Wednesday and then you're all just
gonna think I'm promoting lazy doll
which I am but I don't want it to be a
promotion video okay I just want to talk
to you guys I'm gonna go now and go just
sort out a couple things and oh yeah my
next video will hopefully be the hassle
does my makeup video if not that will
come sooner or later but I also have a
review to do fro for veiled with love
which is a huge ad company and I also
have a and that winner announcement
competition to do for the winners of the
Pascal competition and the winners of
the Dina Tokyo imitation competition
that will probably come in a week or so
after I've decided who's one what you
know by the way thanks everyone who's
entered both competitions really
fantastic entry you've kept me well and
truly entertained for the month of April
so that's an April favorites all the
competition entries yes totally I had
something else to tell you but I really
can't remember so I don't know I've got
loads of video ideas to do so hopefully
they'll come once I'm settled back into
good old wales cheap town and yeah I
guess that's it guys good to be back
ish and till next time oh I need to keep
doing my slept he looks for less that's
a good point yes okay yeah
so till next time keep covered peace
