morning guys we've just been in the car
for the last hour and a half if you woke
up and came straight out to go to Abu
Dhabi to see the if they'd was just got
here so these beautiful shots now
how did you like that guys sat down in
the cop shop which is next to it and
we've got some caramel milk camel milk
I've got plain vanilla cos Bullock did
you get to see juicy got a honey saffron
very sweet please
cuz I just care about bothered my teeth
try believing the amazing view of the
skyline down there last time I came to
Dubai it was exactly a year ago Sid and
I didn't feel like I would come again to
be fair but I'm here again because of
Dubai modest fashion week and we stayed
a few extra days and what I've noticed
is that firstly like with one of the
most child-friendly placed on Hanah
whereas me have a laugh and a half here
there's so much open space for her so
many playgrounds everywhere so many
random slides so much like kid-friendly
and like kid appealing stuff everywhere
so I'm like I'm definitely bringing
Hannah here yeah we need to get a Karim
and by the way getting around in a cab
and sorry I'm so tired
unbelievable I have not had one burst of
energy today all day but it's our last
day so anyway it's so easy to get around
here you just get Karim Oliver but the
cream is better here it's just so easy
to do on the app you top-up so Chili's
so we're now going to see our friend
Khadija that we also saw last week when
she came to London and she's our oldest
oldest friend like literally we've known
each other since we were babies not
gonna lie Dubai is expensive man
everything even the cabs
it's Lunden plus prices 100%
I love palm tree shots even though these
ones have a fully ossicles
sprouted janiga and her little boy
finally joined us and we're sitting in
parkas
now having cheetos cheetos mac and
cheese god she hates me filled with him
we got the latest dessert which is
supposed to be super good here Hideko
said to me dinner by the way
all the Instagram people take this shot
if you want to take the shot okay don't
put too much on that's gonna be gross hi
we're eating it put too much Susie okay
look at the way she's looking at it you
know could he got all night and she
decides to book us a Tesla to go back to
the hotel romaine for our last night
here in Dubai thanks diggidy give us a
hug for the camera you should have seen
his face when you were hugging her she
goes her own yeah I close my eyes as
well well I don't guys look at the GPS
size on my bloody telly this car
supposed to be a sports version but I
don't know how much how fast are we
gonna be able to go in it with okay
