hi guys and welcome to look for lesson
number six laterals seven but I mean
number six I know I said that um my next
video would be um like loads of outfits
video but I lied so that's gonna be
after this video okay today's look is
going to be a Kim Kardashian you know I
really enjoy the mint colors the
lavender pale yellows very very nice
colors so I'm gonna do those okay so I'm
just gonna get straight into it
obviously everybody knows Kim Kardashian
has black hair so I put on a black scarf
I was gonna go for my usual kind of
nudie scarf to match the outfit by
thought that is going to be predicted
and I thought I'll do the look for less
exactly even though it's cheaper to just
have hair I'm not biased off but weird
yogi so we have to go my scarf is my
famous bubble tassel one umm which still
trying to get then I went so you know
just give up on it already
unless you find it somewhere else than
great please let us all move and then
I've got this white blazer on as Kim
Kardashian does and this is more of a
looks like more of a silky fabric and a
lot more sense of obviously and it's
also like a waterfall structured look
this place is the one that I got from
ASOS back in the summer for the for my
style compare hall and and it was 40
pounds I believe so there's the blazer
it is funny because originally it did
come with like a waterfall thing over
here made out of a chiffon material but
I just cut it off because I wasn't into
that but there's a blazer you can't
close it but sometimes I do pin it over
here and I've showed you guys displays
up many times so wearing that blazer and
then I've just got this long chiffon II
top underneath which is long sleeves
it's actually the shirt that I wore in
my celebrity look for less Rihanna one
but it's just back to front so if I just
show you the back you'll see what I mean
so there's the front of it with the
buttons and this is actually the back I
just wore it back to front I do that
with a lot of things especially like
patentee
if I don't want the pattern I'll flip it
back to fun and wear a jacket that kind
of thing so I thought if I flipped it to
the front it would be longer which it is
so here's the look from further away and
now I've got these Knicks skis and I
managed to get from River Island online
they actually have a sale going on right
now on their website revile and rocker
at UK and they ship abroad so these are
15 pounds and they also have them in
like a nude color so yeah that was a
great bargain and then I'm just wearing
these shoes my sold platform collapse
that makes sense from H&M which were 25
pounds just kept the accessories pretty
simple Michael Kors wash and just a
simple pearl bracelet is my sister and
she does have sunglasses on but you know
me and sunglasses don't match so what
them do that Lighting's not very good
but there is clothes when I wear out I'm
probably going to put a pin there to
close it cuz i do prefer that it's
alright open as well I guess and then as
for the back my TK Maxx one I showed you
guys there's no light man it's Jackie
and Celine whoever they are and it was a
70 pounds but I think it's totally worth
it because it's one of those bags that
you're going to keep for a very long
time so there you go I also liked as
well because you can hold it like this
but you can also go like this and I love
doing that because that is cute I don't
think and I'm also just one like a long
vest up Anthony just in case this
decides to fly up and also just to have
some extra length of the back as well so
they go like mobile doesn't approve of
my outfit because he thinks I shouldn't
be copying celebrities because they are
Haram and I buy oh my god whatever
Bulbul seems to have died in the back so
oh my god I didn't say like so in this
video that is a world record okay
doodles in the end I will to share the
right way around I just added this white
cardigan over the top of the ship
instead of the blazer just because I
felt the Blazer was a bit too hot for
this springy summery weather so yeah
that's another way you can do it this
was actually a jumper by just cut it
down the middle I made it into a
cardigan and that's another way you guys
can do
staying shoes as well but anyway just
slide show you and so yeah that's that
till next thank you become at peace
