long time no see not really but kind of
feels like that anyway today was going
to be a long vigil of like 10 outfits I
put together from my wardrobe of old
stuff but I realized that I need to do a
jab tutorial for oversized scarfs
because a lot of you guys have been
asking for it and I want to get out of
the way if you like this ring is from a
love-struck online absolutely loving it
oh and this bracelet check it out I just
woke up one day and there was a postman
at the door with a bag of goodie for me
so thanks lovestruck online for these
goodies and they set me mobile show you
guys in other videos when I wear it
today's video is gonna be then - head
chef tutorials and how to wear an
oversized scarf my normal usual everyday
style and also how to do the kind of
turban bun style I did in the latest
video in the video before this one and
I'm pretty sure I've showed you guys how
to do and I'm pretty sure I've showed
you guys how to do this as well but I'm
gonna do it again
so my scarf is just on like this because
blah blah I just realized I haven't
actually wore my glasses in a video in
about 10 years okay so let's get started
this hey Jeb is the happy chappy British
hey Jeb um from Laden dot-com the
website is launched so you have your
base underneath whether it be your
flower clip whether it be your shower
Luffy that we've made last summer or
whether it be just another scarf
underneath or just your hair whatever
you do you decide okay one side is
shorter as per usual and as you can see
this is a very big maxi head job okay so
I'm just going to go ahead pin
underneath or you can just pin one on
the side one on the side so you can have
it loose around your neck etc somebody's
sorry one sec and somebody I wanted to
know how to perfect the point around the
face well this is how I do it so I go
get my lil pin and don't don't do that
at home I'm a professional don't do that
at home okay sorry I just got like this
okay can you see I'm going to turn like
this twist a little so that was bring it
in and it's the
it and twist it a little and then just
pin underneath don't put it too tight
because the tighter you pin it the more
your cheeks will stick out and look ten
times bigger you want it to be loose so
your face is relaxed because if it goes
tight watch let me give you an example
so there's loose now if I go tight
that's tight scoff look at my face
fat so you want to loosen it okay so
I've just pinned it under there and
there to perfect the point this is what
I do I go over and then I go well I pull
it back like this and usually with these
material scarfs it kind of just stays or
you just stick a pin when you do this
part here and it just days I hope that's
helped probably have next what you can
do like we've done in all other
tutorials is get this side stick it up
here if so I'm just gonna get a pin and
just tuck it all neatly over here now we
can wear my glasses finally this is also
my everyday head jet tutorial for all of
you guys who keep asking even though
I've done it a hundred times if you just
look at my other videos but I'm doing it
again because I'm so nice too
well what you're going to do because of
some maxi hey Jeb is you're gonna fold
it over away from you folding it over
away from you quite a substantial amount
okay so almost half way now not almost
half weight just half way over okay
and what you're going to do then is
bring it around your head still holding
that fold I'm not wearing this gough out
today actually you know it doesn't look
too bad
okay so you brought it round so
obviously I've just left it hanging
little bring it around slightly more or
leave it hanging play around with it and
as you can see what we have created now
is a lovely flowy effect because of that
double layer with it look what it does
from on the side I think is really nice
it gives it a nice flowy kind of effect
and in the wind when it's blowing gasol
looks like you've done something fancy
but you haven't okay then what you're
going to do is you're going to get a pin
long file okay
decide how you're wearing it you can you
can bring it around like that and have a
flowiness or you can have it extra flowy
and just flick it behind you like so so
that is hanging like that and I think
this is a
quite an elegant look for when you go to
weddings or somewhere nice and you've
got a nice top on but with shirts and
jackets I tend to just go like so
actually with jackets the flowing out of
the jacket thing looks really good as
well I just don't do it because I'm just
used to this but when I see girls do it
I'm like oh that's hot you know so
anyway get pin pin as usual and then on
over here one further down below over
here oh okay
I hope that's helped there you are I
hope that's hell almost broke it earlier
and I literally had a spaz attack oh my
god yeah despairs Oh talking of which
I'm not wearing a shower Luffy a loofah
thing more flour clip I'm wearing one of
the yeas espoused scrunchies as well as
another thin scarf wrapped around it
because you know me and my volume so
yeah I don't know if she's got any left
but she probably will get more because
they are very popular okay so that's how
to do my everyday look it's very nice I
love it that's how to wear maxi hidden I
hope you've enjoyed it and now we're
going to go on to tutorial numero deux
numero it's name hello darlings so as
you can see I have taken the other scarf
off and put this one on this is the mmm
berries and other yummy stuff hey Jer
bye comment what I called it but that's
this one in white I didn't put it up in
white on the website on lasercom I just
put it up in a beige color because I
thought I'll save the whites for next
week inshallah so this is the tutorial
and the hejab in my video before this
one you're going to start off with one
shorter side and one longer side as well
and what you're going to do is just is
get the edges like this take them
underneath your head and then you're
just going to swap the sides over you
can tie it but when you swap the sides
over it looks a lot better than tying it
tying it gives it I don't know tying it
doesn't look good because when you just
swap it over you can also adjust it
around your face how you like it because
it's nice and this swap to the sides
over you know so now the short side is
on the other side and the long side is
on the other side so what you're going
to do I have showed you this tutorial
before I'm showing you again what you're
going to do is bring this
over your head like so and you know you
can pin it if you like what you'll find
when you're doing this scarf style is
that you will come up with ten more
styles whilst doing it so you're going
to love me basically then what you do is
you get the long side okay now this
style I would say looks ten times better
with a plain scarf which is why I wore
it green I just thought I'd do it with
the pattern scarf because it was the
closest one next to me so now what you
can do is you're going to grab the long
side you don't want to scrunch it up
tight okay you want to let it breathe a
little like so then what you can do is
just going to go row just going to flip
it over like so then what you can do is
put your glasses on because hello no eye
makeup so you know play around with it
how you like it so as you can see
because we didn't tighten it when we
brought it over and twisted it we let it
breathe it's giving us a nice width over
here so usually this side is longer I
just did I just didn't do it do the
first bit short enough so play around
with it get this side really long and
then what you do is you just put it over
your neck like that and that's it oh
yeah obviously if you want to add a pin
by here I would do that because we're in
the UK and you know the wind and the
weather's like so if it gets windy just
pin it by there from now from this side
I love it because it's kind of like a
bun but also like almost a normal high
def style you cannot obviously play
around with it to give it elegance
around your face if you want to bring it
forward slightly if you want to bring
this forward slightly I like to bring it
forward when I'm feeling fat to do that
kind of thing yes so there's a lot you
can do and it looks a lot better with
play scarf so go ahead try it out post
pictures of the cylon de Tokyo I've been
told this scoffs I look stupid on me so
I don't wear out when I'm with the
person who told me you look stupid
other than that I think I will wear it
I wear the style in Egypt a lot so
that's the two tutorials guys I've got
this hmm shirt on which is very old and
I've shown you guys about hundred
I have this ring from lovestruck eye
bracelets my Michael Kors I have this
t-shirt from Primark and then I'm just
wearing a long-sleeved Jersey maxi dress
so there it is yes and I'm probably just
going to wear these stupid ugly shoes
video is going to be just a bunch of
outfit of the days no talking just
showing you a bunch of outfits and
telling you where everything is wrong
and the one after that hopefully will be
a look for less and then we'll decide
what we want to see the week after
inch'allah um what else lennell slative
calm for Monday next week where I'll be
restocking all the lovely Jeb's and
getting new stuff in inshallah and and
hopefully updating the look book on
laser comm then too because I'd like to
update that quite frequently and also
stay tuned for this Friday 11:00 p.m.
like the status on facebook.com slash
lazy doll online and some some random
winner is going to be chosen to win one
of these scarfs actually I just feel
like in the status so why not just go
ahead do that this video is getting real
long but I haven't talked to you guys
and sell our da Maga and also when we
reach 9000 Ike's on the Facebook page in
Charlotte then I'm going to be doing a
styling competition nothing too major
but just a fun kind of styling
competition and to win a really good
goodie bag with a new t-shirt design
that I haven't even showed you guys yet
and also to win you know scarfs and
accessories and all that stuff so yeah
that's it guys until next time keep it
covered peaceful
