hi guys how you all doing today I'm not
going to do any joking around today
because somebody commented saying for
God's sake if you're gonna do fashion
videos if you're gonna do YouTube
tutorials if you're gonna do this if
you're gonna do that then for God's sake
do it properly so I guess I'm not
allowed to joke anymore so I'm gonna be
deadly serious in this video so today is
just a really quick
hopefully quick and random video about
my outfit today it's kind of a springy
look suitable for British weather so
I'll just go right into it on my head is
a scarf a bobble tassel scarf and it's
not from lazy doll it's actually from
House of Fraser back in the summer I
think and it was on sale for 10 pounds
it's a really big oversized one as you
can see it's slightly tacky but I kind
of like that and I've just got this long
jacket on which I'll show you in a
minute and that is from boohoo on their
website now boohoo calm on sale for 20
20 or 25 pounds I think which I thought
was quite good cuz it's like the 3/4
length ones which I'll show you in a sec
and then I've just matched it with a
stripy vest top underneath which you can
get from any store I got this one from
new look for four pounds so so you get
it Primark as don't where ever you know
so here I am trying to show you the full
outfit and crouching down because my
tripod is short here's a jacket full
length there's got like white stripe and
same detail on the arm
who's the color of the jacket I have
Twitter here's the pink skinny jeans
these are from Primark I know for
something like 10 pound or something and
then I've just got these shoes on which
are also primal same as usual Michael
Kors
Camden love-struck online hmm H&M so you
can check out in Tokyo Dome for out for
pictures and out for details in case you
didn't catch what I just said because
you probably won't because you never do
that's what I say in the videos oh and
then of course be wearing my trusty
green bag I can't wait till I get sick
of this bag and find another one to
replace it but I can't I just love it so
much
can you tell they by day it's getting
dirtier and more disgusting you don't
need to wipe it down with a baby wipe or
something so I mean it away the green
bag or I'm gonna wear this bag it's a
rucksack you will probably recognize it
from Primark for 9 pounds
lately pry marks been getting some
really nice rucksack same well not
really nice
they've just been get and the style is
really nice but the patterns are like
stupid hearts and like I mean they're
like nice but then if you actually look
at it it's not that nice and then I saw
this one and I was like hello you only I
don't know what to wear with you am i
wearing with this outfit let me know
whether I should wear this bag there you
go something's a comment about so I just
want to talk about a few things as well
nothing important really say how to
build with an atom it again
so my next video is going to be 5 ways
to style you are there yeah it might be
more than 5 ways to sign your BAE's but
I'll just name it five ways anyway and
that probably won't be up till Sunday
possibly Monday or Tuesday depends how
long I take to edit it and my celebrity
look for less is supposed to be today if
any of you remembered well I think I'm
gonna scrap it this week because I just
got so much to do and I'll probably just
do it next week sometime next week maybe
Friday maybe before maybe later I don't
know um also just want to comment on my
February favourites video I was showing
you guys you know my favorite items of
the month and fake eyelashes was one of
them and there's like a huge debate
going on about how fake lashes and then
nail polish and everything else is Haram
except etc we all know that you don't
need to have a debate about it I was
just showing you my favorite item the
people are asking how do you do we do it
with fake lashes on how do you do we do
it with nail polish on how do you pray
with it on how do you do this with this
on how do you the answer is simple when
I go to do my we do or I'm sure anyone
else you don't wear it fake lashes and
you don't wear makeup and you don't wear
nail polish it's that simple and the
funny thing is all of these questions
are being asked by girls hey JB's who
wear nail polish in their videos on
YouTube or out on the street wearing
nail polish if you're
women you should kind of know you know
it's that time of the month where we
don't have to pray get closer
okay the web starts with a PE I know
what I have to say it but you should all
know that is the time that the majority
of us wear nail polish okay sometimes if
I'm going to a party or a wedding etc
and seen the evening I'll wear nail
polish or other girls will wear nail
polish when they are praying it's simple
you just pray before you leave the house
go out come back and pray when you get
home Artie take nail polish like we
don't need these pointless debates these
pointless arguments over nail polish and
fake lashes just use your brain as
Muslim we should always think the best
of somebody so if you're gonna look at
me on video or if you're gonna look at a
girl walking down the street with fake
lashes on him nail polish on and you're
wondering I wonder how she prayed I won
- did this automatically what would come
to my head is oh she's on holiday oh oh
she's going somewhere nice Oh blah blah
blah you know number one it's not your
business what she does and number two
you should think better of her as Muslim
I don't why why are people jumping to
like wow what you're doing is wrong
isn't that you don't know what I'm gonna
do after this video what I did in yeah
you don't you don't live with me you
don't know what I'm doing so don't
comment on stupid things okay a lot of
you girls will say oh they don't mean it
in a bad way etc etc but if you are
smart enough to know how to comment to
know how to create a YouTube account to
know how to be able to comment on
somebody's video then you are smart
enough to know how to send that person a
private message because so for you to
decide to give advice or to help a
sister out by posting on her page in
front of everybody or by commenting on a
youtube video that everybody can see
okay fair enough you want to help but if
you really think about it even if it's
not said in a malicious way you're still
pointing your finger Islamically you
shouldn't be pointing other people's
flaws up to other people and if you're
really trying to advise then what you
would do is send somebody a private
message that's if you really actually
want it - advice I think some people
just comment I have no idea why and a
lot of you will say oh they're just
asking an innocent question they're just
blah blah blah and they're just doing
this
really because just think of the
Internet as public if you were sitting
let's say in a girl's Tea Party and
there was a girl opposite you wearing
nail polish and you pointed at her like
that and you went oh my god how did you
pray this morning with that nail polish
on you wouldn't do that because you'd be
embarrassing the girl by shouting out
and you'd look like a bit of Chaz well
with you so it's the same with the
internet if you really want to advise
someone if you really have that
intention to help because you know you
want to
then you private message like I usually
ignore commerce I usually don't rise to
it but I just feel like I need to say
something because I get a lot of people
oh salaam-alaikum I just want to I just
want to advise you
oh but cuz sisters we love each other
blah blah blah if you really love me
just think of it if you if you saw me
with a group of girls you wouldn't point
anyone shout oh my gosh do it like you
do on the internet in front of a lot of
people even if you say in a lovely way
and it doesn't sound malicious tall in a
way it still is because you are still
pointing out a flaw that maybe somebody
wouldn't have noticed and now they have
noticed it because you pointed it out if
you kind of understand what I mean
I don't know it's probably gonna go
they're probably gonna be a lot of
debates going on under this video now as
well so I'm not very good at talking so
I hope you guys kind of get what I mean
before you go to comments or before you
go to advise or to help just stop and
think why am i commenting do I really
want to help her or do I really just
want to embarrass her and make myself
feel like a better Muslim and if you do
really want to help then go to the top
and go to message contact and then send
me a message to help me because there's
no point in you commenting under the
video embarrassing me or embarrassing
another YouTube girl and then also
causing an argument with other users and
just causing a huge big fat ugly debate
for something as small as nail polish or
something as small as fake lashes no
reason whatsoever and also if you don't
like what you see if you don't like what
you want if you think what I do is haram
this whole fashion thing designing
styling youtubing you think all of that
is haram then don't watch my videos
don't like my page
because it's like me and me and Helen
were talking about this when I was in
London if you if you think something is
Haram
or not good for you then usually stay
away from it because it was Haram then
why you why are you associating yourself
with things that are wrong alcohol in
Islam is forbidden so obviously we don't
go to purpose or clubs because it's full
of alcohol we stay away from the things
that are wrong so if you think I'm
really wrong and really Haram and stay
away from me and if you actually really
want to help me then just inbox me
privately that goes for all the other
hegemonies on YouTube that receive loads
of criticism etc you know if you're
really trying to help then don't post on
their page don't post on their YouTube
you're pointing out their flaws like
you're pointing at something go you are
armed you are this and that you wouldn't
do that somebody in the street so don't
do it on the internet you should be
thinking better of somebody that's what
always should come to your head you
shouldn't look at something go oh my
glasses Allah Allah you should always
think oh maybe this maybe that as I
should do it so anyway that was a bit of
a rant or rant I would say rant people
say rants but naturally I say rant and
that's basically it
sorry for the miserable this guy and a
lot of you now we're gonna say Dena
you're contradicting yourself because
you're thinking badly of the people who
are advising you in the comments I don't
think badly of them because maybe they
don't realize what they're doing so I'm
just letting you know I mean come on
I will see you on Sunday or Monday with
the how-to star baya video until next
time keep it covered
