hello darlings let's get down to
business
hi guys please ignore the freshy hi Jeff
style that I have on my face right now
today is gonna be a hi-def tutorial for
this scarf that I have around my neck
which is the crinkle braided detail
scarf braided on the either end
honestly crinkle one let me just um show
you what it looks like without showing
my neck
I think this scarf here I put it on my
neck and then remove this cuff here so I
governor my neck a scarf that I was
selling on lace though I'm still AM it's
just out stock at the moment and but
we'll be back in stock in loads of
colors once website is out what so what
I'm basically going to do is show you
how to wear this hair different kinds of
ways you can wear this scarf in
particular with like loads of braiding
detail on the sides and all around the
head and crazy stuff but I prefer not to
go into that because I just don't think
it's a good look and I don't want you
guys to think I think is a good look
because I think it's not a good look
it's very Egyptian style scarf I see a
lot of girls in Egypt um wearing this
kind of scarf um in some crazy funky
styles but they're not nice funky so
that's why I'm not going to show you I'm
going to show you have to wear the scarf
normally because it can be quite
difficult as it is a crinkle and it goes
thinner on the edge so let's get started
hallo a lady so you've got your bake
mine is my shower scrunchie thing and
I've just tied a scarf loosely over it
so you'll grab the scarf like you would
with any other scarf get one short side
one long side place it on the head
now I would remove this on over here
place it on the head
okie dokie so what you're gonna do is
you're going to oh my god I can just
hear my dad on skype shouting down Skype
because he's talking to be blue Egypt
thank you but he has to shout because
they're in different country but he
doesn't need to shout and some clincal
scoffs they are quite hard to adjust
around your face etc but this one is
quite easy to be honest so I'm just
going to adjust around my face how I
like it
grab the edges grab a safety pin not one
this big but that's all I have at this
moment in time sort out around your
chubby little face and what we can do is
we're gonna leave usually you know I do
with the right side I stick it up over
my head this time we're gonna leave this
pot hanging and you're gonna grab a long
side and you're just gonna switch it
over your head legs look look this is
the left it's gone all the way over so
there's a lot of coverage in this head
so what I'm going to do is just fold
this pot back like hell and then over
again like hell and you've got to make
any sense
what however I'm gonna do is first of
all put my glasses on because oh my god
I have not I make partners this guy
thing okay then you're gonna grab a pin
not a huge one like this unless you want
to
this one's wonky forget it grab a pin oh
how funny is orange just like my nail
and what you're going to do darlings uh
up in is fo disgusting so what you can
do just kind of pin it at the top where
you've done those slight folds you have
this side of a half
and you're also going to pin it oh my
god I got a needle and thread out so I
meant to get a pin liking it hit over
her so darling and then you see over
here you can't really see this title
detail so what you do is you grab this
part and you just make it little bit
shorter and tuck it in underneath your
bandana or your scarf that's underneath
your scarf tuck it in or pin it and I
find tucking in usually stays in place
oh I lied tuck it in they go tucked it
in and then you can see the grading
detail and then you see this part it
just looks weird doesn't it it's not
hanging correctly so what you're going
to do grab the inside of it grab the
other tassel tuck it under tuck that
inside tuck the inside of this inside
your jumper or your top or your jacket
and there you have it guys this is how
to wear your braid detail crinkle he Jeb
now put your last lon let me show you
what looks like on the side if your
volume is slightly too big then just
squish it down squish it down Oh
fighting with the head oh my god do you
know what's hilarious my friend and she
was taking me without me she's going
yeah come on Dean until next time keep
it locked into it like that
she went keep it locked I'm like what
keep it what she was like
keep it locked I was like what the hell
are you on about when she's like she
went like this she was glasses shuttle
she went and once i think you say what i
think you say oh and i went uh keep
covered and she's like yeah hahaha like
uh epic fail you twat anyway guys oh
yeah check out the pretzel heart
bracelet there it is oh and there's the
charm bracelet there it is I hope you
found that video slightly useful cuz I
know I got I got some requests for to do
tutorial for this particular tip style
so uh-huh it's the same kind of way I
wear all the other scoffs but I just
thought I'd do it because is hard to
sometimes to Eric wrinkled hey Jay
it another option you could do is show
your bandana underneath and wear it
slightly back I would only do that if
the bandana is the same color as the
scarf if you're going to go around
showing a white bandana or black bandana
or a brown one it's gonna look pretty
tacky so if you're going to show a lot
of your bandana make sure it's the exact
same color of your head yep so even if
it's not a bandana just and you just
wear a scarf underneath make sure it's
the same color as the scottie weight on
top hey mmhc Deb's and more are doing a
party partay in April so go to it I want
to go up I'm planning to go but I think
I'm gonna be needed so if I'm not any
dip than I'm gonna go if I am an eejit
then I'm not gonna go oh just to clear a
couple of confusions some of you may or
may not have if you want to email me or
contact me regarding business related
things when I say business I mean things
like company reviews and fashion shows
events hosting events and styling school
DIY workshop interviews styling jobs etc
except everything work-related please
use the email Gina Tokyo at Dina Tokyo
comm to contact me if it's any if you
have any late adult queries when I say
lace doll queries I mean order queries
only then please email on dinner Tokyo
at lazy dalkom if you've got laces or
queries in general like where am I
getting this back in when am I getting
that back in then just use the laces or
Facebook page to contact and then for
and then for um general queries like
Deena can I use your pictures for my
school project
can I can you tell me what to wear for
prom can you tell me how to tie it
random things that you may like to ask
on my dear Tokyo page but if you're too
shy then please use the email Dina Tokyo
at gmail.com so please if they're not
used in the correct categories you most
likely aren't gonna get reply
so business do tokyo team tokyo calm
lazy doll or decreased in tokyo so calm
and then everything else do you tokyo at
gmail.com hope that's good everything
until next time guys keep covered pay
