hi guys how you all doing today then
welcome to my third celebrity look for
Less hid your fight each kind of thing
so from looking at my head and the top
half of my top half you can kind of
guess what I've done here and so today
is the Blake Lively look where she's
wearing blue like crop chinos and like a
mazing Gold power pads blazer and then
just like a white two vests top tucked
in so yeah I've decided to put a white
scarf on my head instead of the white
top because you will see now and this
scarf please um please um please forgive
me because it is actually creased but I
thought we could just get away with
attending that is supposed to be a
crinkle scoff yeah I went out to look
for a blazer and I couldn't find oh my
god do you like my two new friends that
is bull bull and his dad Ahmed hello
bull bull is a agam husband Egyptian for
you anyway so I went out to look for a
gold blazer and of course I couldn't
find one because I live in Cardiff and
it's crap and I'm not going to find a
gold blazer right now at this moment in
time but I did find was this gold
jumper from 18mm for $9.99 basically a
tenner I thought that was pretty good
so this gold jumper is actually a crop
jump well it's not cropped actually but
I just folded undies to kind of make it
cropped cuz it's a seed just short I'll
just let you guys have a look at it it
is the jumper and what I've done is just
fold it under to give it a sort of crop
effects and then what I've done surprise
surprise
is um just put in some shoulder pads
because this is called improvisation
guys I just got these shoulder pads and
I've just gone like this well there you
just pin it with a line pin there so it
stays in place all night so you will
need to improvise because we can't
always fight what celebrities have hello
so anyway and then I did have bright
blue t knows to pair it up with but it
wasn't very heavy because the top the
jumpers reassure and then my bum will be
all out and that's just totally wrong so
I
to edit with a really long maxi dress
that I will show you now ring H&M
bracelets Primark ice walked whoop and
then here it is from the top again with
the power pads which kind of make you
look like an American footballer so I
would only suggest this if you are quite
small at the top I'm not small at the
top am I like my arms are quite fat and
stuff but I'm just doing it to show you
guys listen the dress is actually like a
boob tube dress so you would need a
blazer or like a crop top over it and it
was actually from Topshop a couple of
months ago so and it was like 30 pounds
or something I'm pretty sure they still
have them if you go upstairs to the Top
Shop bit where they've got like all the
funky ethnic stuff I think anyway so and
if you can't find a dress this color I'm
pretty sure you can make simplest style
dress you could ever make just literally
straight down and just sew the sides the
seams up at the top and a stick elastic
up here so it can stay and so yeah
that's the look oh yeah and then she's
wearing some like um orangey orangey
sort of I don't know if she's wearing
some some kind of orangey heels with
studs all over them um I still can't
find those heels thought I was looking
for for my other slabs he looks oh
there's my pin yet oh yeah there you go
I pinned it there oh I would probably
just wear like gladiator sandals if I
was going to like a summer wedding or a
spring wedding something like that yeah
yeah I would wear this look to wedding
obviously I in the scarf and I do the
hips a little bit differently maybe I
add some earrings to travel out a bit
don't know maybe no um so I hope you
guys enjoyed that video
oh yeah so if you do I did manage to
find similar heels to the one she was
wearing from H&M they're the same kind
of colour but they're like a wedge heel
and they don't have studs and the only
25 pounds so you could potentially just
buy those and then buy rhinestones and
stick them on shoes which is pretty
simple so I'm still going to do a video
as well of me DIY a pair of shoes but I
haven't actually DIY the shoes yet so I
can't really show you just yet and
obviously my face is packed with makeup
because I am actually going out to
I'm going out for a birthday meal for
three sisters who are born on the same
day oh if you guys are watching it Milly
here now Fiona made a happy birthday
so hi Psalm the pom so yeah guys that's
that video check out my blog post in
Tokyo comm for more pickies if I get
chance to take them because you know I
don't know if I have got any time and
stuff but I should do because that this
is all I do
um okay say bye to bubble and his dad
let me show these guys to you because
you know oh here's the back of the
jumper if you like it
there you go I think that America I'm
joking did you guys understand any of
that I'm so hyped up today on my own
loser
his bull bull these are my sisters gonna
hate me every time she watching my
videos she's just like oh my god you
using all my stuff oh my god he's just
such a cow so anyway his bull bull say
hi to to see bull bull a couple of you
asked as well um how old's my sister
she's actually my twin but right now
she's I'm not here so his bull bull
salamualikum' sell my league and he is I
met his dad hello hello hello how are
you still a Riley kiss okay guys
remember if you've got a similar lip
look to this feel free to share it on
Facebook real calm /t the Tokyo for all
of us to see and comments and stuff and
also don't forget to leave suggestions
for mine for next week celebrity look
for less because I actually don't know
which one to do now so telling some guys
keep you covered pee
