hi guys today's video is gonna be my
daily makeup routine possibly a hair
tutorial because my hijab is worn
slightly different again so if you like
it I do tutorial so yes let's begin
shall we
I just don't know where to do everything
girls but I put my meter so I'll guess
I'll take my glasses off and um we shall
begin mourn the mess of my face I need
to get my stuff
but I've showed you guys before I've
been using um this clean and clear one
what I do is I just squirt I'm a hand
and then rub it together and go which
leaves your face a bit red because cuz
you just slapped it basically okay so
now you're all moisturized
okay don't know what I do because I've
slightly changed my routine because I
went to a makeup counter I get this
Garnier roll-on anti dark circles thing
and I just got like this this is what I
do just roll on I even run on my
eyebrows ball down here my nails done
here and you know down here those around
the circles eyebrows wow I look
hilarious right now oh God
so that's what I do and you look little
bit Liat my brushes that I got from
summer from beauty be in summer I bought
from Amazon okay so I grab this kind of
brush and I just Pat it all thingy
I just need to get my mirror
the lighting is horrific in it oh well
sorry guys I don't know what to do I
have no natural light I have no fake
light I just have you know just some
light and it's basically like a
concealer in it I think I got slightly
too much on in the excitement of making
the video oh yeah totally so as you can
see it's slightly different color to my
face
Wow Deena never actually noticed that
before oh my god I've never noticed that
before I'm using the totally wrong color
oh my god
oh well and then what I did I get my
Ella mask and foundation which I got for
seventeen pound and it's the it's the
rich liquid foundation color rf2 1/5 yep
that's what I did and then I get this
brush which I didn't know was a
foundation brush but apparently it
didn't I just got like this
this is what I do but tiny bit on and
then I just sawed off with my horrific
ly spotty forehead and got like this
putting it all over my scarf oh by the
way this scarf is from lazy doll I think
it's called natural beauty which is
quite funny because I'm packing on the
makeup or I do is I take it over the
nose as well like this yes like this
then I'll get some more foundation and
stick it some more on there and what
I'll do is I'll go like this
and I'll just put on the bottom part of
my face because the makeup guy told me
that what I should do is go for our
lighter concealer or foundation around
this section of my eye this section of
my face sorry
and then darker towards the bottom and
blend in I just what I've been doing and
it's supposedly Kim Kardashian's
signature look so I'm going to do this
light now and cover that disgusting
pimple see how it dead on there
all around the chair so yeah if you like
the scarf is from lazy dollars I see it
on there right now I just didn't tell
anybody that I updated the store it's
just limited stock this time and I
didn't want to have to do refunds for
people etc etc I do like this scoffs I
you know I am going to show you how to
do it yeah okay so now you've done
mostly face
remember we I use the foundation brush
for around here with my slightly darker
than normal skin color at a mask
Foundation and on my nose and on math
forehead okay so that's done then what
I'll do is I'll get actually a really
really light foundation which is way too
light for my face this is true match by
L'Oreal and I probably like the ivory
color or something with that first brush
I use I'll just go like this and then
I'll just stab around the bottom of my
eye just to make it a little bit lighter
again I get like really really really
horrific what they call those bags I
bags I get really really horrific eye
bags so I fight ow oh my god that really
hurt oh my god
so oh wow it's painful I literally went
at okay so I find that doing this helps
to get rid of the bags slightly look no
back back so I just gonna go here and do
it on the other side is wheel like this
and then what I'll do is I'll also do it
a little lighter strip down but we're
winners
next
like luck and then what I do is I'll do
my eyebrows and I'll do my eyebrows well
this brush that I've had forever which
is from boots it's a little angled brush
and I'll get some eye shadow kit from
Prime have it in the light brown or if
you want one day you can do a dark brown
today I'm going to do light brown and
I'll do my eyebrows with the mirror not
a camera shake them at the front a
little or a lottle pull them in slightly
somebody asked me about what color I
started to use on the eyebrows and I
literally I mean my eyebrows are quite
dark anyway as you can see they're not
like black but they are quite dark so I
mean if you want to go for a lighter
brown just put foundation on your
eyebrows first and then put the lighter
brown eyeshadow on but make sure you
fill it in really even ooh yes
so eyebrows sorted oh yeah then what
I'll do is my lips so right now on my
lips I'm going to use three colors I'm
going to use first of all my other mask
which is a coral really kind of one I'm
just going to cut that on not diver
actually just totally shred it
I find that this lipstick is really dry
that really really really dry Rimmel yea
my Rimmel one that I got
ages ago I showed you guys in my
December favorites and it was on sale is
called party or something and I'll put
that over it because this lipstick is
uber moisturizing and usually I'll leave
it like this but sometimes I feel like
doing more of a pinky lip color so I'll
get my Lady Gaga Mac lip and heard that
over the top
and that's that's usually the lip color
I'll go out with oh and then oh yeah and
then I'll do my blusher with a brush
I'll just dab it in I know
look look look can you see me you see my
eyes look okay so I'll just stop in this
is just Primark blush I'll just a bit in
all of them go a bit wild and then I'll
just go like this so you see I'm
slightly to different color just as long
turn this is darker so I'll just find a
middle and just dab on
and then I'll take the leftover under my
chin so then I'll get some more for the
other side basically oh if anybody knows
how you're supposed to wash your brushes
please tell me because I have no idea so
that's that and then I'll just take the
excess and put I'm not on my nose at
that and then I'll do my forehead like
so it's fun scoffs gonna have to make up
all new Rimmer and that's basically how
I've been going out most days because I
can't be bothered to do and can't be
bothered to do eye makeup on most days I
will try to attempt to contour my nose
so what I do for that is I'll use the
same powder as I do on my eyebrows and
I'll use this brush one of these kind of
things I'll just I'll just stop it in
like that and then I'll just go like
this I'll start from from top of my brow
and go down the side of my nose now I'll
do the nostrils just bear in mind I'm
not using a mirror here so you know this
is such a boring video but I know how to
get out the way because you guys asked
me but I haven't showed you guys how to
do that I make up Barcia that maybe in
another video so anyway that's me trying
to contour my nose I've just define a
little better
I learned all my makeup tips from you
know Michelle Phan or Mattel fan or is a
fan or panels okay then what I'll do is
I'll get like this other brush and then
I'll get some foundation powder which is
a really white one which is my sister's
and it's a benefit one and I'll just
dump that in and I'll just put that
around my eyes where I put the concealer
can oh where I put the concealer I'll do
that just to I don't know why but I've
been told to do that and then I'll put
over my nose to blend in the contouring
like that
um that's exactly how I'll do my
foundation routine and then obviously
I'm going out I will do my eyes as well
but right now I couldn't bother so I
hope that's been helpful guys and I get
no more requests to do my makeup routine
and let's put the glasses on so yeah
I'll try to show you how very quickly
how to do this hijab tutorial this video
is dragging a little though it's
actually way too long to be honest at
the harem dinner
I'm not feeling myself today you know as
you can see you have your flower clip or
your volumizing scrunchie wherever or
your base a scarf whatever you have
under your scarf so I'm gonna under your
face and your chin sorry and sort out
around your face how you like it
and obviously one short side one very
long side what you do is you bring this
side over here and actually actually
just see the length the the edge of it
what you do is you actually just flip it
over your head like so
push this back a bit so there's more
coverage at the back and then what you
do with the long side is just bring it
around your neck like so
so around your neck like so and then
obviously there's a lot of coverage
which is fanta be dozy bring the edge
round stick it into the back of your top
though that's the jab look I hope you
guys like it this video is going on half
an hour long it's going to take me ages
to edit it not feeling myself so I
apologize if this video is slightly
boring god I was looking for some my old
videos and flipping hell they are
embarrassing please don't watch them I'm
gonna remove them all anyway and do
updates for them so anyway guys till
next time keep covered pace
