hi guys just gonna do a quick intro for
this video um know that it needs one but
whatever this is just gonna be really
quick
random outfit of the day video I thought
I'd show you guys because I haven't
really done like a random outfit of the
day video in ages I've just done like
the celebrity looks lesson stuff like
that so I just thought I'd do this one
really so I'm just gonna tell you
everything's from and then I'll just
give you a quick software around at the
end so this scarf
surprise surprise is not from lazy doll
it's actually from you know that weird
shop called I don't know how you say it
but it's called it's something like
international it used to be mk1 that's
from there have a look at it it's really
really pretty and then I've got this
jumper which is from Zara and that was
ID I was on sale so it's really cheating
the blue t-shirt I'm wearing underneath
that you'll see in a minute is from
Primark the men's section for about two
pounds and then I've got pale pink
skinnies on which I actually got in like
a size 12 and they read big but then I
just thought it'd give it more of a
Chino look rather than a ski Jean look
and they were also from international
for $17.99 then I've got the Primark
shoes that used to have the tassel then
I took the tassel off and they were
eight pounds so just take the tassels
off and you've got a nicer shoe then my
usual accessories that y'all see oh yeah
and then of course my satchel I went and
put a lazy dog sticker in there because
why not and these will hopefully be
available on ladies all quite soon why
in the hell have I gone on it all of a
sudden you know once the website is
launched and once we've like saw it a
lot of things hmm so yeah that's that
video this was just like spur of the
moment video didn't plan this one so I
just thought I'd share this one with you
a bit boring but
so hey guys till next time keep it
covered
peace my lipstick is way to paint you
out
