hi kids it's that time again when I sit
in front of my camera and talk to it all
alone like Luther hey so today is the
Q&A video with me son Hussain asti know
what shop does the best scoffs hmm hello
lazy doll obviously which is still
up-and-coming and the website will be
launched very soon but from now if you
can go on to facebook.com slash lazy
doll online and shop for your favorite
scarfs and I'll be restocking tomorrow
or maybe it's today depends when I
upload this to my favorite youtubers
were it depends what category I guess
and if you can talk about comedy then
it's going to be a bit obvious at the
minute it's fouseytube
for obvious reasons he's hilarious in
his Middle Eastern episode and his
latest Ellen dare that just cracked me
and all my friends up so please tube for
comedy and also there's a British
youtuber called and Charlie is so cool
like and he's pretty big he is pretty
hilarious and and then of course in
terms of like hair tutorials etc all of
the ones that do the same kind of thing
as I do like someone's makeup hey Jeb
Stiles
um yeah spaz there's a new girl in town
called sign she's pretty funny and she's
really young so watch out for her and
then my favorite by far out of all the
heavy youtubers has got to be valley
girl from hell because she just says how
it is and I love that about her Holly
Dyer said Deena how should someone who's
wanting to wear the scarf is into it so
that it's not such a huge change so fast
okay if you look if you're thinking
about wearing a gab but you want to ease
into it because maybe you're like
because maybe you're like um utter you
just I want to be dramatic then I would
start off with wearing more modest
clothes like covering everything other
than the hair and then sort of with not
doing any fancy hairstyles so people
don't notice whether you cover your hair
or not and then start off with wearing a
scarf around your neck and then the next
day slowly creep it over to Harvey
ponytail the next day all the way over
here the next day pin under your chin is
sorted waiting again masha'allah
congratulation BAE Fatima bint Ali asked
me if I would wear white on my wedding
day yes I
I think I'm going to because that that's
the kind of Egyptians where anyway so I
probably will wear white or maybe not
white but like off-white ivory kind of
gold color something like that as who
what is your inspiration I've got a lot
of sources of inspiration I don't have
just like one purse or anything I just
like random happenings during the day
will inspire me you know what foundation
do you use which I'm currently using the
Mac actually it's the N n c25 code color
using that one at the moment
a minor Beauty girls asked blinking
loads a question so thanks for that
girls I'm taking what is your must-have
accessory like the one you can't go out
without um I'd say watch I can't go out
without wearing a watch and rings can't
go out with work without wearing rings
you asked what motivates you and keeps
you going and what I'm just doing what I
love so that's the motivation because
I'm enjoying it so Sarah Dean asked what
size are those floral jeans that you
wore in your celebrity look for Less
they're a size twelve oh I think there
are twelve there are like waist 28 from
Topshop what your what's your favorite
dish sorry I have a Twitter what's your
favorite dish and my favorite food like
meal is feta Irene like feta and the
Lebanese feta not the actually I like
the Egyptian one a lot but I prefer the
Lebanese feta with the yogurt I think
anyway that's really nice Lilliana poha
asked me did it hurt to get your nose
pierced when and what led you to do it
um it didn't hurt at all actually I got
it done in Egypt and they just I didn't
even I wasn't even planning on getting
it done I would just went in to the
salon in Egypt to ask if they do and she
was like yeah yeah come in come in so I
went in next thing I know she's rubbing
numbness fluid on my nose and she's just
gonna pierced it for me and I was like
ok I guess I got my nose done she pissed
it too far back lit however too late now
at what age did you so design your first
piece of clothing and when I was when I
was 16 no probably when I was in year 8
or you know when I was 16 when I was
doing
stars for GCC's how do you edit your
videos on YouTube I use a moviemaker
moviemaker yet for Windows the dear mo
asked me how long my hair is obviously
I'm not gonna answer that because I
would give you guys an image and then
they'll be totally pointless how old are
you I'm 22 yep
at what countries have you traveled to
I've traveled to Egypt Egypt England
Egypt England Egypt England I live in to
France and Venice I also have been and
that's it I've been to France and Venice
the thing to do what's it like living in
Cardiff is there a large Muslim
community there's a huge Muslim
community in Cardiff it's all right it's
a bit boring to be honest in Cardiff
there's not much to do here so I don't
recommend coming and moving at all
London is the place to be sorry I'm
really ill Healy unique said how much do
you weigh with a big grin on her face
that's a bit personal but whatever I
weigh um I can't remember the last time
I weighed myself uh everybody says that
um no I dunno I weigh about nine and a
half ten step did you study at
university what subjects did you study
ada was okay University I went three
different times the first time I went
when I was 18 that age witness Pisco I
just psychology for a month and I hated
it so I left and then second time I went
to UM another uni in Cardiff and I did
religious and Theological studies and
that was okay I did it for a year went
to go to the second year I decided do I
really want to do this no so I left
third time I went to another uni in
colleges and I did humanities which was
a bit better because I could do a bit of
art here and there and but then when I
went to good to go into my second year
they wouldn't let me do the art modules
I wanted to do so I was like sod this
mate I'm leaving and then I slide
fashion at home by myself
um what did you serve you did the baby
baby baby
Rehema Gaza Maziar said why do you say
video said a video lor maybe I've missed
the joke here there's no joke I just say
it because why not i think somebody and
her JB's got swag started off and then
we well I just sort of took it from
there and I just say video said a video
when's your birthday six of June
yeah nearly 20 thing
let me do a bit of Twitter now Mona
Abdul almost says is your sense of style
often ridiculed or seen an Islamic by
Muslims and how do you bypass the
criticism away yes it's always really
killed an teen and Islamic by Muslims
how do i bypass the criticism I just
ignore just ignore that's the best way
to do with it ignore do you choke it
what race are you I'm half Egyptian and
half English sorry Mojave that's my race
than a heartless if you could give us
one tip what would that be depends why's
about really so I'm going to pass that
one so I'm not one of those people who
can like give up these huge emotional
speeches and stuff case you have noticed
Atika mullah said she's hilarious at
Kamala high she said purely for fun if
you had three wishes what would you wish
for and why three wishes I'd wish for me
to go to heaven when I die for my family
to go to heaven when I die in them for
the rest of the will to go to heaven
when they all die that would be a big
way of our chest wouldn't it Tessie
Noctor says since style the nation do
you think you've gained a lot more
attention and have you learned anything
from it style the nation if anybody
doesn't know was like a TV competition
program I took part in last summer in
June so since tell the nation have I
gained a lot more attention no
definitely not but it has helped in
things like like I put on my CV so it's
helped in things when I've gone to apply
for like other similar kind of things
mm-hmm have you learned anything from a
I learnt a lot I let how TV works behind
the scenes there's a lot of behind the
scenes things that happen that you don't
see which is why it's called behind the
scenes well the reason I did it was to
kind of prove to myself and lows of the
non-muslim community that the I'm in tip
design and styling but just because I do
it for JB's doesn't mean I can't do it
for everybody else just to make sure I
wasn't kidding myself with this whole
styling thing like yeah you just live in
a dream because I want to prove that I
can do it and I and I got it you know so
that makes any sense
Fatima on Twitter says question would
you lick a toe with athlete's foot or an
athlete's on
in brackets you had to do one of the two
to save humanity hmm that's the weird
one I would lick an athlete's armpit
because what we could do is make sure
that armpit was showered and deodorized
before I did rather than the athlete's
toe would be bit me so anyway Sunnah
said I got a question
where'd you live in Cardiff not going to
tell ya not neuron her and said what
inspired you to start uploading videos
on YouTube and you guys actually
everybody on my Facebook fan page said
Dini should start joining YouTube so I
just did one day because I had already
videos on my fan page but they just went
on YouTube so I just decided to do a
YouTube one day said are you a teacher
no I'm not a teacher although when I was
living in Egypt I did teach grade three
kids in a really terrible school it was
really good experience teaching grade
three Egyptian kids English and I'd
teach them science and sociology and
maths and everything and I was just we
we had fun yeah we did okay let's go
back to Facebook questions cuz this is
getting real I've got to sit here edit
it and stuff like that you're not saying
I don't want to sit here edit it for
like five years you know Kevin and I
said how are you so good just a lot any
makeup I so fancy nazma jeylani said
where is your denim jacket from I'm not
sure which one you mean but if you are
talking about the denim shirt I'm what I
wear sometimes is from mango and it's
actually my sister's Saira P says what's
your favorite dessert um I love ice
cream MIDI hit a scene from whose side
are you Egyptian / white my dad's
Egyptian my mom's white um who inspired
you to wear your hair band white um I
guess my mum did she just told me put it
on cuz it's that time Deena put on then
what are your goals in life well I want
to be successful designer eventually
launched this clothing line but I've
been going on about for the past a year
and a half and what inspired you to
start the whole lifestyle thing and how
did you commit to it lazy dog just kind
of happened while I was doing Deena
Tokyo designs it it was it was like a
name I just came up with and I just
thought it's a good name lazy doll for a
clothing line so
it's just tight enough now with with
scarfs and accessories but later on it
ll be clothes that I design Chandler and
once what makes you commit to it well
whatever use what you want to do that
makes you commit so so asthma be said do
you know how do you remove your makeup
and if I'm wearing eye makeup I'll come
home and I'll just dump my face with hot
water and make the mascara all moist and
then I'll get a hmm
sorry and then I'll get a makeup wipe
and just rub it all off and it comes off
in like two minutes usually Nadine Ward
said how do you match the right colors
of your clothes I just like like for
instance today I'm wearing gray it's a
great t-shirt it's got a bit of red in
it so I just thought I'd wear maroon I
don't know where then I'm just waiting
jeans okay you just know what goes
alright you just either got the eye you
have it but I can do like a blog post
with some tips on matching if you guys
want mmm how did you find out your love
for fashion and and sewing clothes
um I found out after I went to uni three
times and couldn't decide what I wanted
to do in uni I don't know I didn't come
to me before to do fashion because by
the time it had come to me it was a bit
too late to go to uni so um it kind of
came to me I've always enjoyed it since
I was like um 16 when I took a few GCC's
but then it came to me when I was about
20 when I was 21 I just decided that's
it I can't go to uni anymore so I stayed
at home I'm side fashion basically
jammie-jammie Calhoun says how did you
get through your teeth through your teen
years and how has it shaped who you are
today um well when I was a teenager I
was in high school and I used to get
bullied actually not not like crazy
bullied but I did used to get bullied
like with hurtful words and people used
to pull my scarf off and stuff people
who actually are Muslims and their mums
were scoffs too by the way and but
nothing like nothing that made me want
to get depressed about it so and also I
had a really good tight group of friends
and we used to do
everything together and we used to have
a laugh and a half man so and they were
with me like throughout all of high
school this group of friends with me my
sister and then like four and then like
four others of us and we were like
really tight and we stitches how about
laughs man and if anybody bully bullies
you just hand up to them just say what
what what are you gonna do is they smack
you smack them back
Nishida Shaunie said how do you deal
with wearing such full-coverage makeup
throughout the day as in how'd you go
about taking ablution well I don't wear
full coverage every day I'm just wearing
it today because I have worn in ages
actually which is quite funny and but it
depends like if you're going out all day
obviously don't wear full face of makeup
because then how you going to wedge the
or really try hard not to break your we
do it's pretty simple just you know said
when you come to London and I come to
London all the time so you know it's
just about bumping into me darling
Angela Begum says how'd you cope with
your degree later docile I'm social life
um well like I've mentioned I don't
study and everything you guys see me do
on the internet I also do behind the
scenes I dedicate all my time and effort
into my designs and into the lazy doll
store and my blogging everything that's
all I do
that's all I care about obviously I care
about people but that's all I all I do
so I don't balance it at all I just do
that 24/7 a lot of stuff I do that you
don't see because the obviously like
behind the scenes and you'll see later
on etc but yeah I put all my time and
effort towards that notion Hussein said
where did you get that big black square
ring and big blue heart ring the big
black square ring is from H&M a long
time ago and the heart ring I'm not sure
which one that is a lot of you also
asked me Tina I can't find your shop how
do I shop on your shop right now the
website is still I've said this in about
the past five videos but the website is
still in in under construction so for
now you can go on to facebook.com slash
later on online go onto the left hand
side on the
tab click shop shop and then you'll be
able to see scarfs and stuff but you if
you go on now you won't see any so just
wait for whenever I now whenever I
announce on the lazy dole page that the
stores been updated then that's when you
can go and do that and hopefully
purchase them and then once the website
is done it'll be lazy dog calm and you
can shop on there all the time then
hopefully and what else do you guys
always ask me you always ask me how do I
buy your designs how do you buy just how
do I buy in size you can't right now I'm
only doing one off pieces for like for
like random emails I get here and there
I decide to take on I'm just doing those
right now until hopefully in shuttle
hour later dolls up and running that I
can concentrate on a new collection of
clothes and getting those made in
different sizes and people being able to
order them from lazy don't come and
shuttle up anyway just pray for me wow
that's a wrap guys I'm just going to
show you my outfit to finish the video
off I'll just start off with my scarf
it's the maroon tassel head I'm still
trying to get these in stock still
trying
don't ask me when I don't know yet when
I do know I will tell you I'm wearing
this hoodie somebody asked is it from
new look it's not as fun French
Connection and as my sister's and she
left he just got this Aztec teacher that
you guys will see he's got my
accessories you know the usual so stay
tuned for my next video which is
probably going to be the celebrity look
for less don't know which one yet but
probably that and I'm really
appreciating all the support that I'm
getting so far shoutout to all you girls
on lazy doll who are going while trying
to get more followers on there so thank
you for that
but also don't go too wild with it
because I do want you guys to like enjoy
your day and stuff and when we reach
6,000 will obviously choose every
thousand we reach I'll choose like a
goody bag winner etc etc so until next
time guys keep a comment peace
