hi guys and welcome to the first of my
celebrity look for less attempt a video
and just before we start I'm just gonna
let you know that all the details about
Jessica Alba's outfit where she got
everything from how much it was and all
she tells about my outfit will be on
dear Tokyo calm on the screen somewhere
so go over there and then you can also
check out pictures of my outfit as well
so make sure you do that and we'll just
get straight into the video now so enjoy
so I know this jacket isn't the same
color Jessica Alba is wearing she's got
like a nice green on but this is the
only coat I could find or this last
jacket blazer that was a really similar
fit and style to the one she was wearing
so I'm just gonna let you have a look at
it it's very long and some might say
very fattening but whatever man I
actually got managed to get this coat
from new lick for seven pounds and I got
it in yellow and I also got it in pink I
can't decide which one goes better so
I'm gonna let you guys decide anyway I
like about this you can wear the collar
like so and then it close the button and
it's pretty much the exact same fit of
the jacket Jessica Alba has so seven
pounds new look on sale I think they've
got loads in as well you can't actually
put your hands in the pockets but
whatever
so obviously Jessica was wearing an
orange jumper underneath her amazing
green coat I just went to Primark and
got myself a 2-pound t-shirt in a size
16 so it's slightly loose to wear
underneath and what you can do the scarf
as well is just tuck it away so you can
see the orange as well cuz obviously
she's got a bob which is quite short so
make your scarf quite sure I guess so
the skinny jeans from Topshop there are
the jeans and I've just rolled up at the
bottom to give them that cropped effect
but you don't have to do that and now
she's wearing these
just little heels in like a nice jade
green which I wasn't gonna bother
looking for but I just wanted something
dainty and quite comfortable to walk it
so I just put on these wedges which I
got from Primark she was also wearing
like a nice green ring on her finger
this is the cleanest ring I have
I know it's slightly chavvy but I'm
gonna let my chair out somehow
so all nice girl from lazy doll jacket
from new looks heaven pounds that is the
bargain of my life to be honest and I
got it in pink I'm gonna show you what
that looks like on in a minute I'm
wearing my Michael Kors watch and then
just on she's different Primark floral
trousers which I can't wait to wear
result with knee-high boots I'm like an
oversized jumper
all in all I think I managed to cut it
down cut the price down by less than 1/5
I mean her trousers alone were like 250
pounds so this whole outfit is
approximately 50 squid but I was gonna
use my Blackpool boutique bag but I'm
getting slightly sick of it because all
the chaps have it and I know I'm a child
but you know this look was trying not to
be javi so anyway I thought I just used
this bag that you guys have all seen as
well to wear in dark sort of burgundy
but it's vintage and it's just classic
so I thought because she's got quite
oversized bag you can actually get
didn't looking bags to the one she was
wearing from Primark as well so
understand what the pink jacket looks
like and you guys can decide which one
is best
alright so here we are with the pink
coat actually looking in the camera now
I'm gonna prefer the pink coat and I'm
actually gonna wear this sort of the
yellow one yeah definitely I just got
the other one because I've always closer
to green but y'all can decide anyway I
think the pink match is a lot better
it's very similar style but at the end
of the day the point is to get the
similar sort of sign I think this town
is really great for the spring and
summer season kicking in right now then
what you can do is sort out the colour
as well
like so it looks kind of going like that
on my Facebook page facebook.com slash -
in Tokyo leave loads suggestions for
what celebrity look you want to see next
I've got a couple of ideas for like Kim
Kardashian and Blake Lively so um don't
forget to check out my blog post more
details so I'm gonna try and post one of
these celebrity looks for less
videos once every Friday or every
Thursday oh you have a look at my henna
I've got some henna done I had some
henna done it says it says Kauai which
means cute in Japanese or Chinese I
can't remember if you guys have similar
looks as well feel free to post them up
to share them and I know my look is
slightly Tavia but you know pretty much
yeah I'm proud to be honest ch√°vez yeah
here's the look one more time let me
just grab my bag nice oversized jacket
oh by the way this jacket is actually
like in a 14 or 16 I get them I get
clothes a lot bigger if I want the
oversized look so you go ahead and do
that as well so I think it's 14 or 16 I
comment about 7 pounds
basically the same fit of the jacket she
was wearing nice t-shirt from Primark
which I also got it a 16 so that it was
long verdict hey Anna hope you guys
enjoyed that till next time
keep it covered peace
