Oh horrific hi Daddy
your hair is showing does it look better
like this or like this just totally stop
myself my makes me have fat cheeks yes
another injury what kind of lipstick
slow where Yeah right below 5 then I'll
wear pink cuz it goes with my scarf
still showing oh great now sideburns are
sticking out yeah no now I'm not coming
out now I can't find a scarf to go with
my outfit no she's let me borrow yours
then selfish cow that's the point just
take you off a high yeah Jordan good
shopping today yeah it's better new
scarf
actually I need to buy an outfit from
one of my scoffs my head's proper
teaching me today man say wallahi she
had the same scarf size me can't wait to
get home and take this thing off my head
say well my she's become my Jeffy Wow
mashallah that's amazing you know what
since I put a scarf on I've lost like
half my hair not even kidding English it
was for the right reasons a are you mad
no way is my head bigger than hers no
way oh I got a headache
don't touch the scarf my head's not that
big is it
don't put pins in your mouth yeah you
know about a girl who swallowed it yeah
I found the best dress the other day if
I had long sleeves it would have been
perfect perfect my head's not that big
is it first of all she asked me if I
sleep with my scarf on I was like no I
don't sleep with my scarf on huh Lana Oh
gon do it where'd you put my bandana but
I jabbed a oh no go now can't do my
scarf you know what I was thinking the
other day ham de l'air that we have to
wear scars because my ears would drop
off in this weather I don't know how
these English people do it I can't
figure out how to do my glasses with my
skull I don't know how these cameras do
it I'm not let's call them I'm not
my last cousin kafirs I don't know my
ears were bleeding yesterday and stuck
with Allah's Deen I know man
one day son next minutes off well stuck
for a lousy but I love how you do your
scarf how did you do it show me how you
do it see I tried that I just I can't do
it I can't get it right though now's the
only hey Jeb you there and I still got
the job I was so embarrassed so for this
tutorial you're gonna need does this top
go with my scarf is it my pin and once
ah see too tight what I mean at least
wear skinny jeans I love Barbie oh my
god I'm not the head daddy Bobby today
yeah I'm gonna be like I had to change
cuz barber didn't like my outfit yeah he
said it's too tight this one I'll just
put something looser on quickly
no way I am NOT going to a theme park
are you mad my scarf will just fall off
then what would I do I look like I'm
keeping Voldemort back there she was
like you're so beautiful and in my head
I was going mashallah mashallah and then
I was like you just see me without my
skull you know I mean
