so the first thing you're going to need
is either one of these or one of these
this is the one that we make out of the
shower loofah thing and this is one that
you can buy from my hotel store
somewhere online you get those and then
you get another scarf and just wrap it
around and create your underscore and
what you need is your scarf that you're
going to show or your scarf that you're
going to be wearing that day I've got
this one which is from H&M sorry you
have notification and what you do is you
open it up like so then fold it over
slightly you see fold it over slightly
and then what you do bring it round your
shoulders hope you can all see and just
let it lay like this for now okay one
second liddie liddie now they're both
equal lengths on each slide ok then we
do to get one side maybe fold it over a
little bit just because this is a big
scarf and this looks better with big
scoffs by the way okay then what you do
is bring this one over go like this
Oh be careful with your earrings you go
like this
so you've got one side over and you just
let it flop now then what you do is
gather this side that you just brought
over around like this and then you
remember you still got this side over
here so then you go to the other side I
hope this is clear this is the most I
can do with tutorial okay so then you
get the second side remember this the
side you void you brought over is over
here the second side and you get at this
you bring it over it's a little bit
messy but it is worth it I suppose so
you see this wobbly bit over here you
bring it around and around the bigger
scarf the better it is I think so now
what you're left with guys is basically
total Taliban and you've got these two
ends like this over here what you do is
you get what you do is you get the first
end that you originally wrapped around
and as you can see the second one's will
be wrapped around it or you to get the
first one and you put it around your
neck tuck it into your top at the back
or if it's longer then you bring all the
way around and tuck in over here is now
what I can do is I'm doing this so neat
I have to eat and as you can see see on
the side that is the Taliban effect hid
you have tutorial and you just let this
side hi so that's the tutorial what you
can do as well is you can just pin over
here if you like or pin on the side if
you like or pin on this side but
essentially you don't actually need any
pin unless you just need if your own
socks acuity doesn't really look good
with this scarf the scarf actually it
does looks alright but not with the
outfit I'm wearing so I hope that's
helped and next video is going to be
then I probably a review so so next time
and I've still another tutorial to do
but you have tutorials to do but I
haven't showed you what any pictures of
the style so I'll do that tutorial where
I show you pictures with the style so um
till next time guys keep it covered
