hi guys okay this is just gonna be
really quick video tutorial showing you
guys how to wear one of these chiffon
pajamas that I am currently selling on
my facebook store so let's get started
basically so we're gonna pretend that
this is your hair or just a bandana or
something that you wear under your head
jab because obviously have to cover my
hair I'm showing you guys I'm gonna show
you how to wear this is my own one me
you me you replica and I'm not actually
selling this this exact one because I
couldn't find anything okay so you're
gonna get your chiffon scarf that you
will buy from me then you need to get
just a really crappy little sort of
white nasty scarf that you would never
wear out alone because it's disgusting
so what you can do this is your hair or
whatever is underneath and basically
you're gonna go like this as if you're
gonna wear the really ugly scarf but
you're not okay I'm just gonna put
around here is just just sort of cover
me while I get the other scarf or I look
like a Taliban
okay so right now you have the rubbish
one and then what you can do is get the
nice Gulf that you want people to see
and please ignore this checkered shirt
I'm just wearing it because I just come
back from Egypt and I forgot to bring it
with me I really missed it so I just
thought I where to see if it still fits
half okay so then you get your nice
scarf
then you stick it on top I love this one
okay must do a button so neck does not
show oh my god we're gonna do up oh my
god well that's Primark for you so there
you've got your crabby scarf and then
your nice replica replica scarf or
whatever okay now wait to level them up
level them up so they're the same sort
of length matching together okay okay
I'll just bring it round just as if
you're wearing a scarf me normally this
is actually a really simple boeing's got
scarf style it's not that nice but it's
the style that I wear every single day
now I've changed up a bit made simpler
because it's just so
easier than pinning and whatever okay
now bring them both round your face just
the ten basically just hold these two
together and just pretend that it's one
scarf even though it's two you have to
have an underscore because these chiffon
skirts are see-through by the way as you
can see my clears behind okay
so bring it around like this and adjust
it around your face how you adjust your
scarf you know okay and then get a
little safety pin pin underneath you
don't have to pin underneath
I'll have showed you in other videos you
can just leave it but I'm just showing
you exactly how I wear it every day and
it's really quick and really easy once
you get the hang of it okay so pin it to
get a pin that's working around your
face how you like it you know I'm saying
okay and then see these bits these the
under scarf and the top one around here
usually it's longer depending on how
long the scarf oh by the way let me just
show you the width and the length of the
scarfs I'm selling they're all literally
approximately the same size as this one
they may wear item they're very long
okay so take this part I'm just showing
you what I'm doing you don't have to do
this but I'm just showing you a nice
ease wear everyday style to wear the
chiffon scarf that won't slip or do
anything okay
so now I take this side bring it round
by here okay and then get pins safety
pin and pin it up yet right you know how
sometimes chiffon scoffs go forward like
this and you look like an old woman
because they're slippy if you don't want
that to happen then you pull it as back
as you can try not to make your hair
show obviously because that happens to
me a lot but take the pin hold it in
place and pin through this and then what
that will do is keep this side up here
and it will also keep the chiffon scarf
in place because you're pinning it
remember onto this gough which is
underneath so it all stays in place okay
then what you can do if you want it's
optional get another pin stick it up
here just to keep it all you know in
tact which I do sometimes
just do it now here's one here there
girl then you can also get another pin
under stick it up here but you don't
really need to but yeah you can do
because sometimes they'll go over here
and create a lump you don't want to
create lumps so let's go ahead get
another pin and stick it over here okay
so now you pinned and you've got shape
it's got off now what you do pretty
simple remember you're still holding
these two scores together to bring it
round like this around like so now what
you will see here is the short crap is
girl finishes earlier finishes earlier
than the long nice Gough but that
doesn't matter because that's actually
good because what you can do bring it
round let's bring this pot round for now
as well see this you just gonna tuck it
in and then what you can do is really
really simple get one of these pins can
you all see it's fantastic pin it on the
top of your head
right through to your hair if you want
if you want to feel really secure
all right through to your bandana okay
okay so that's almost finished okay so
now just get another pin and pin it you
know don't just like pin it how I'm
doing it I just got lucky because it
kind of looks good in one go so you pin
over here but obviously just sort it out
around your face you know play around
with it see what girls you know what I
mean see what suits your face and I get
another pin and just pin it over here
I've actually showed you guys how to do
this before but I just feel like I need
to show you again with a chiffon scarf
just to show you that it does work and
it is really comfortable because the
ship was cast off are so thin that
wearing two to thin scores on top of
each other just feels like you're
wearing a normal one so there you have
the chiffon replica Mimi you scarf on my
head with another one Ann Smith I hope
that has helped and my facebook storm
will be update
possibly tomorrow night that's Wednesday
night or possibly Thursday evening
depends if I am lazy or not so it's
probably going to be Thursday evening it
will be updated and I will put a status
on my Facebook page so that you guys
know because it's first-come
first-served I don't have this one in
particular and I'm not going to sell it
to you because I love it but I have got
oh look see look what happens if this
happens then you take this and you take
it in over here and you're sorted okay I
will update on my facebook page in Tokyo
and so I've got these scars I do also
have some of the tassel scars to sell
because you guys love them so much so
they before I left I quickly went and
got a few and then I also have a couple
yeah I'll also be selling some necklaces
similar to the one I wore a smoky not
smudgy on Saturday which was this one
over here have a look at it it's a
africanist buy it necklace
it's all about you guys but I am in love
with this and I originally bought it for
stock but then I just thought you know
what I gotta have this one for myself
and I worked at SNS with just all black
which you guys have seen in the pictures
and I also have other necklaces similar
to the one I wore in my most recent
picture with the crazy dress with the
huge pockets so you guys can look out
for that Wednesday or Thursday on my
facebook store I'll update I'll like
tell you all on a facebook status before
I actually put it up so that I've sort
of warned you guys oh yeah I also just
want to say thanks to everybody who came
to smokey not smudge it was a really fun
event and I met so many nice people so
many designers as well
I met as enti Bay girls they're like so
cool and I also met al 786 UK princess
Rox chick she's so nice and he also met
Fatima from her jellified am beautiful
she's hilarious and I also met who else
that I mix I also met Neil out from Mesa
a lanista collection or is it music
lectures really nice survey as much
alone and also just want to say thanks
to everybody who came and watched and
loved it and thanks to all of you who
came up to me and said hey and I know
all of you who came up and said hey
demanded a picture so I want those
pictures too so please post them up on
Dean Tokyo or if you don't want to post
them up because you don't like posting
pictures up on yourself then send them
to my email Dean Tokyo at gmail.com okay
this videos getting too long so I hope
this a Deb style helps you for this year
for Ajaib and anyway until next time
keep it covered please
