hi guys okay the aim of today's video is
to show all of you girls who have made
yourself a DIY scrunchie out of the
shower thing show you guys how to
actually wear it because some of you do
not have the initiative to figure it out
for yourselves so therefore I have had
to make a video for you but I'm here to
help so all good okay so the first thing
I'm gonna introduce Beller again
remember her yeah well now we need her
Isabella let me just show you as well
what I have on now is the one I've made
so that's what it looks like okay and
all I have then is a bandana and see
from that it and then the scoff okay so
you're gonna have your hair in a half
ponytail like so halfway down your head
you know you know how to do one of those
yeah great so have your hair like this
get your scrunchie now this is one that
I made earlier and it's not as a
voluptuous as let's say when you would
normally make because the loofah thing
was just a little bit flimsy so it will
be bigger and a lot more stiff okay when
you when you do make it but this is just
a crappy one I made earlier so okay you
get in the middle like a scrunchie yeah
or if you want you could have a flimsy
one and then just um use it for a
smaller volume Akane and we get like
this here's your hair tie it so your
hair's already tied yes so it's already
secure tie it around like this you see
that's one see ya now you can even
either leave it like this well if you've
got flames you want to leave it like
this and it's great if it's not a flimsy
one it's quite stiff and it's quite big
then you tie it over twice so just like
you would with a normal bottle like so
can you see yes
so that's tied over twice then what you
do to sort it out around the sides you
know even it out on either side that
sort of thing and that's what it looks
like from the back actually quite pretty
and then what you do is you get your
scarf now I'm just going to quickly use
the hijab I got from princess rocks
about a month ago because I think it
will suit Bella I'm just gonna
demonstrate on her what the loofah looks
like as well oops
she fell okay there is as you can see
this one's a little bit too high so once
you've got your scarf on and you find
that it is too high and you look silly
then just flatten it down with your hand
on the back of your head like this scarf
forward it's quite hard to show you
because I don't have a desk anymore Nick
flatten it down even if you have to pull
your put your ponytail further down then
that's what you do and then let me just
put the scarf on her properly or just
twice that's what the volumizing you can
you can see obviously if her scarf was
on nicely it would look really nice
that's how you wear it basically so it
has the same effect as a flower clip um
but it's a lot cheaper and also it can
never break by the can break but if it
does break you just go out and buy
yourself another one-pound loofah and
you're done so that's the end of that
video I hope that helped and now I don't
get any questions on how to wear one
even though it's just like a scrunchie
and you put on like a scrunchie
anyway if one of my next videos I'm
thinking of doing a question answer
question answer video so you ask me the
questions I answer them and because you
guys ask a lot of questions and I don't
always have time to answer everybody so
I thought I'd just get out the way in
one video so if you can send in the
questions or just to my youtube or just
put the questions actually at the bottom
of this video that would be ideal yeah
just do that please so yeah sending the
questions so I can do that for one of my
videos
after I've got another couple to do and
I hoped I hope that helps
that's how you wear your that's how you
wear your DIY that's how you wear your
DIY volumizing scrunchie
you wear it like a scrunchie okay so
till next time keep it covered
