hi guys I'm going to show you a real
quick video of how to make a volumizing
volumizing sort of like hair bubbles and
Nicky Scarfo jabs I saw this as a video
response on one of my videos a just go
but back then I didn't really know how
to use YouTube and I just sort of I just
watched the video I was really impressed
and I just sort of left it so if any of
you know who the girl is who thought of
this idea then please sort of tell me
but I'm just going to show you guys
mystery making the video basically
because I think you should all know how
tell you what you need two of these
shower shower things would you get for a
pound so it's gonna take the tag off
well one of them is off I got in for a
pound from the chemists imbued please
don't mind my face because it got no
makeup on it and it doesn't look very
good then I think what you do is you go
to the middle over here and right in the
middle here there's like a string and
you just get braces and you cut it
undo it basically so then this I'm not
even sure how to do it myself into
trying it but it away to cut again
ignore any noise in the background cuz
I'm over my grandmother and she's
probably gonna walk in hey girl what are
you doing dude oh okay so I am undone in
and you're left with one this okay right
so here okay this is what you left with
really long really really long good
actor the really long one of these huh
ignore him do the same thing at the
Tyger Tyger off and go find in the
middle I hope this works cuz if it does
and this is how all our I had you had
the answers to flower kids used to stop
doing things in the backs not funny
poppy use he's our age you know where he
finds anything funny and it's just not
funny
22 no you're not 10 okay so I've undone
that one taking this string out
apparently then what you do is I have to
know if I've done a right you put your
hand to the middle yeah yeah
go through the middle good meal okay put
your hand through okay so now you have
one serving your arm get the second one
that's how you supposed to wear it shut
up you second one put your hand over it
so just bring it over like this and if
you have seen this video before of the
girl who thought of this idea then mask
clever please you know okay and then
what then what we taking our pleased it
why my hair looks horrific come on okay
so bring your bring your hands right
through yeah right through guys might
take a while I'm just doing it quickly
okay so now we have I don't know how
long a basically got a bit string
through the middle now how am I gonna do
that
captain think about today didn't think
about dinner right
okay wait cut this get what get this
back cut this Bob Lee thing oh my god am
I even recorded cut this bill no you cut
the bobble thing because you don't wanna
rip the talk is good okay right now the
past Oh move house okay
then we've got this and then undo this
actually don't cut it undo it yes my
move and do it I'll do this one no don't
use it for you gonna okay then put bring
this string through hold one on one side
bring the string through oh okay bring
the string through and then tie it oh
we've done it yeah and then tie it so
look okay then tie it over here so I'm
just doing this visually really quick
because I want to eat my mum never going
to get to the beach I'm in Cornwall
lumens really nice and you know I'll
show you mine on in a minute I will
dungarees today and she was like oh dude
I love you don't garite so she went up
the house on one one all over again you
know it she want to put hers on but I
took pictures of her so I'll put it in a
blog okay so right now I'm tying it yeah
I'm having difficulty ones being done
for you just like on art attack
obviously you don't have to use this
rope thing you can just get a piece of
elastic and do it I'm just being quick
to show you guys tie it and then you
have and blah ring all round and now you
have a volumizer scrunchie look
ah just wear that on back of his car
whoo and then that is going to help you
with volume and it's not good it's going
to be just the one for around the size
which i think is a good idea you can
even do two or just get one and do a
smaller one then and then attach it to
this pot so it's more wide as well so
that's how you do I'm going to try it on
and take pictures and show you guys if
actually works so anyway let me tell you
I'm wearing got my River Islands
girlfriend that you guys have seen a lot
never pick top and then dungarees
Palazzo dungarees here's my brother use
of Toki yeah what up yeah you said be
normal say hello hello you're never
gonna know his true personality because
he's just a doe car and his hasson the
matter man hey how's it be normal be
normal women yeah they're just right in
front the camera okay till next time
keep it covered
