welcome to Nuala style of the nation we
are live for the next five weeks
continuing our search for fashionable
members of the public whose dream it is
to work as a top stylist each week we
visit a different city and pick the two
most fashion savvy residents will then
be set the challenge of creating four
outfits to display on this very catwalk
however it's you at home who decides who
goes through to our grand final all the
voting is done online to grab those
laptops now you can also tweet about the
program and the outfits throughout the
show no raspberry this to me because I
feel like raspberry is so last week the
overall winner of the series will be
given a year's contracts at new look
working as a stylist of photoshoots and
fashion show so it's a big job that is
not all the show has to offer you at
home can appear on this show not only
can you get your collections onto this
catwalk today you can also enter to do
the six finalists competing for that
amazing prize all the details at channel
4 comm slash style now only the action
it was my job me to start the search for
today's to budding stylists I held an
opening to you in Cardiff people flocked
from all over the country and there was
the return of a familiar face
you
hi guys hello I'm Nick by the way I
think Cardiff is quite small something
more important about personality than
what they've got
that's what's gonna push it for me
you're like six today I love this outfit
getting a good way of course why should
we put you through over edit is hungry
first anonymously I'm here I gotta say
all the news this is pretty manly isn't
it
which men do like Johnny Depp oh I love
his I know his creativity all his rock
and roll okay we have our first
contender I would like to put you on my
short list and send you for your photo
d√∂ner everybody yeah babe really good
I want to liberate Muslim women
shouldn't that you can still be
fashionable and still be modest at the
same time Junior I really like I like to
survive it was kind of effortless Junior
you're on the short list
Wow I don't getting a job as a stylist
and you lied to me because I could be
which to express my creativity
you're both visual merchandiser like
we've been chairman tears they're
already doing that visual merchandising
had never heard of dressing shop windows
on install mannequin okay they're
desperate to get their hands on some
real modules not plastic matters though
sometimes the first
do you have any like style rules is
there anything like that everybody
should have bide by if we show the top
clenched on the bottom it should the
bottom go to the top sometimes I've done
both cuz it's been it's been a real
nightmare
I think I really like Christie I think
she looks like no one else here Christie
boom fashion 3 is about personality and
individualism I'm just expressing who
you are oh my God look at this the shy
and retiring
Veronica is back Veronica the love of my
life
I love your outfit today by the way it's
a million miles away from what we saw
you in London
Justin I always have the shoes perfect
match of the hair spot on I love your
outfit today
do you really there lie to you with
fashion I think it encompasses the arts
like such an eclectic mix of things
relaxing I thought she was cool she just
had her own look
how the south well that's it I would
love to have a career in something that
I genuinely excited about it's
definitely fashion like that doesn't
know hey I'm doing fashion design in
college next year
it does not even even heaven oh okay
how is fashion in Cornwall what's bad
saying no reversals like during the day
awful I'm not a tragedy the person we
have chosen to put through these Alex
everybody sure being a stylist business
my dream drop is a way of being who you
want to be but for other people scary
stories absolutely
my final stylist is Veronica yeah the
first time I came to audition I didn't
show my personality very well I just
came back with the fresh line fashion to
me it was loving everything that you
wear and everything about how you left
come here
oh well done babe
so that is the card of six it's on that
bank robbers but they were selected by
me but remember only two of maybe
through to compete in today's show find
out who our mentors cat Byrne and Alexis
Knox picks later in the show now I want
to ask you a question
are you never quite sure how to describe
your look do you feel a need to put a
stamp on your style well relax you can
simply take our style test at channel 4
comm slash style plus you can get all
creative and put your own outfits
together online you're styling may even
be picked to appear on this very catwalk
today okay before that though it's time
to meet our regular fashion panel
between them they've got the brains the
beauty and the business know how to tell
a budding stylist what is what first up
we have multi award-winning fashion
designer Giles Deacon here the strong
following counting the likes of Kate
Moss Gweneth Paltrow and Nick Grimshaw
as these fans joining tails is neelix
creative director Barbara horse pool our
budding stylists need to impress her
today as in five weeks time this woman
will end up being the winners of FOSS
horse pool and Giles Deacon everybody
I know she's looking great so yeah and
as you know they are not alone each week
we have a special guest today we are
pleased to welcome hallelujah
it's the one and only Alexandra Burke is
and crank the Gambian I have a mr. Dubey
Jose now and that's Allah and as you
know you're the guy who's puts on
fashion shows you more than anyone here
know what it's like the stress that we
have backstage now what are you looking
for from our budding stylists oh well
I'm really going to be looking for some
work that's got really strong references
to popular culture today oh and you know
kind of tales have been expected ah some
good references to music are you know
fashioned the whole thing yeah okay okay
Barbara and as we are asking viewers at
home to create their own looks online
what should they be doing to get our
attention
well they just got to remember this
isn't about just resting yourself it's
not just a frock a necklace a hat this
is about looking at the fashion world
music Street I mean fashion is
everywhere you go and taking whatever is
the current ride now are thinking about
things differently we're looking for
people who are just maybe a little bit
more experimental which doesn't mean
daft it doesn't mean like wacky or for
the sake of it just people who are
thinking about dressing okay awesome
Alexandra have you taken our style test
I have actually how were you in it girl
um I'm not sure what I was I think it
was a a my the boho gee oh you follow
you I think I baby baby I'm thank you
guys I'm Alexandra is not our only
special guest day we also got
performances from Tinchy Stryder and
Dappy later in the show they
and now this summer wedding bells are in
the air in fact Lily Allen is getting
married this very afternoon so in honor
of miss Allen later in the show we will
be giving you tips on what to wear to a
wedding but with a little bit of a rock
and roll twist we'll also discover which
key pudding stylists our style donation
mentors picked out my card is six we
will see you at the wreck hey welcome
back to new look style donation as you
can see our experts already casting
their beady eyes or just have an
agnostic over their outfits to make sure
they get a good close up look but
remember you at home who decides who
goes through to the next stage so get
ready to go online and get ready to vote
now this week I hit the mean streets of
Cardiff and earlier you saw me choose my
top six however only two could make it
through to today's live show this is
where our professional stylists and
mentors cut Byrne and Alexis Knox step
in
I think you're gonna be quite organized
not sketchy at all it would just all go
to pieces I think you have to release is
out for this business I think if you
want to be a stylist you would have that
intrinsic knowledge of Gottlob scholars
and how to make something that goes
house carving looking hard you want to
know about Junior did he talk about
style at all he really loves that Johnny
Depp rock and roll right so that he
could be quite limiting I think Christi
married if I really like that she's got
a real natural flair for it yeah okay
I actually raid her wardrobe Tina sister
has a fashion website and Tina does all
the styling for that is that doing a lot
of like weird jobs very focused then I
don't know she was that focus Alex he
works in a shop where he acts as a
personal assistant he has two style
customers he's working with customers
real people I'd be dating that's that's
true
Holly God Wow I thought she would be
like loud brassy picked me she was like
yeah but you know some people
overcompensate their shyness with that
image it's time for Dina she really sold
us out to me she's just like you need me
because I'm amazing
I'm together I'm confident wow that
makes her quite exciting okay it's time
to make a decision
Lexus you go first I just started to
give this person interesting good good
choices definitely let's go tell him hey
