so a chimera - Dina um so today I'm just
going to do that edge AB tutorial I told
you I do in my blog and really simple
style this is the style basically it's
quite um disgusting from the salt this
is a stylus quite cute but nice for the
summer probably done it properly
properly because I just woke up and I
used to go to work so anyway um yeah I
have to do this style so let's get by it
I'm going to do is you're going to have
your base which is underneath the scarf
you want to show which is what I've
showed you in time should just do it in
no my luggages so either without flour
clip or what's more one on well the
medium size or whatever you normally do
and then you have your pashmina on top
and then just tie it at the back quite a
short site one long side okay then with
this short side I'm going to get it up
here
I need it then you just get a safety pin
safety pin and just pin up here
basically what that does it just um
evens up the volume on either side when
you wrap it know you looks cute messy
now but write about it okay then you get
the long side you see it's long side
over here this edge so you're not going
to okay this edge then you get around
the top round the crease of your face
picks up look like so can see what's
going on here then you bring it around
like so
see all Stan one doing ring around like
so and then now you can see you've got
the side bun got this side bun and you
got this side looks like Monica okay you
can either keep it like that and
obviously just sort out the fun and all
that pin it to just use one of these
normal pins
in it by here sort out how you like at
the front and on the back just tuck it
into the form back and stuff
see ya okay so you can either leave it
like this which is what I've done in the
India Fashion Week into a video as well
I think it looks quite elegant and I
just pinned it on the front just put it
around the front over here I'm oh what'd
you do just get one back pin again pin
it in this pot then get a model that's
above all wait let me just fill this in
get lots of bubble and tie this side of
the scarf as if you're going to tie your
hair in a ponytail okay so once then
fluking I hate doing a jab tutorials on
myself it's so messy but you all
demanded it then the third one bring it
up like this and leave it hanging like
you would well this bauble needs to
leave her hanging like you would if
you're going to have your hair in a
hospital and you can tie in it how you
learn really well bring it up like you
know tying how you like then this bring
up a bit more to bring it through a bit
bit minute sorry then that is basically
the style the cute little summer style
I've just got this ROM my neck to hide
my neck obviously so don't go out like
this to lip movement anyway that's how
you do the style or you can leave it
hanging either way both of them look
really nice biting diagonal ones really
more elegant and more for like evening
with earrings or something this is nice
like for a summer day beachy more Park
something like that but obviously sort
out round your face because I haven't
sorted up mine properly at all and they
see that is family let's go like it and
I've got a little message from somebody
what you're gonna see now okay one thing
I like me why what I know do you why did
I like me weird sorry about that guys
basically Bella's not happy because
she's not able to do the ejecta tools
for you guys
oopsie okay so I'm just about to the
Twix and just kind of show you I'm
wearing and maybe tell you what I've got
on my face because you are all asking
basically how you make a blah blah blah
so you made this cough is that was
actually a square scarf from H&M then I
chopped it in half and sewed both ends
together and now it's a loopy staff
which of whipped around twice really
simple really easy really yeah really
nice and then I'm wearing a blazer with
a scarf around it and then skirt so
that's one of the measly outfit of the
day and then on my face I've got dove
summer glow for normal to dark skin
should be really I should be wearing
from fair to threat for normal to fair
skin or ever I like the dark on probably
tell here because the lights really
light and bright Miami she really you
don't filter Mahan's
and then come bug tell you but wake up
now I'll do another video anyway hope
you enjoyed this one and stay tuned on
my facebook fan page for my next down
small collection of designs which you
should see by then next week in shallow
key so forget subscribe glam
