hi everyone is Dina finally doing a
video tutorial and I'm going to show you
basically how to do and this look I've
got now which is my sink - that can wear
it like this almost every day I'm just
going to show you how to do with a
normal pattern being a scarf which you
can get from anyways numbers comments
file that everybody uses everywhere
anyway I'll show you how to do it two
ways one with the volumizing flower clip
and then one way without as well because
these are quite hard to get a hold of an
action like an Arab country and they're
very quite easy as on so anyway third
thing you need to do I'll show you how
to do without the flower clip first
first thing you need to do is you need
to have your hair up in a sort of half
ponytail like my god this model over
here so in a half ponytail and make sure
you don't do it too high so if you go
too high you'll actually end up looking
like a cone head or something so if you
just do it so it's level with your with
the top of your head and it just kind of
goes flat like that make sure I can tell
do a nice and tight and anyway what you
need you need to scarce you need well
you need a bandana put underneath first
just to keep your hair from falling it
up then you need a scarf for underneath
which is one that nobody's really going
to see then you need the scarf that you
want people to the cut witches I'm going
to be using that one so first thing you
do you get your bandana just put it over
your head
actually no two on this put it over your
head like that just to cover the hair
anything and then just get the scarf
that's going to be done to me then what
you do go down and if you just fold it a
third fold a third of it over like that
so it's not the whole lot just fold a
bit and then so it's in the middle now
what you can do what is this in the
middle put on take your head like that
this is a bit for Anthony Fallon but
that's like your heads like that then
you've got to end it and come down a bit
to show you
and you've got two long dangly bits
there for what you do you bring them
both round behind your bun bring the
book on ten interruption bring them both
round like that
across one underneath and one over so
you're not actually tying it you just
crossing them over like that and all you
do is get one of them bring it over the
bun that's like your head you to be
quite high so it's quite you know big
bring it over the bun then you pin that
one there you don't have to pin it you
just hide it I like to use a pin because
my shoulder anyway then you get this
side and bring back over it's about to
another style which I wear to some of
the pictures you've probably seen me in
some you've answers about how to do that
anyway so it's a nice big the African
looking bun I think that could really
really in right now African and Spanish
anyway bring it forward is all like that
whatever suits your face really but this
bit doesn't matter if you're doing this
style to customs can see that's it for
now if you wanted to you could just have
it like this go out where I put the neck
whatever what else
another thing I'll show you as well and
if you want to wear earrings like me
with this sort of style then I don't
actually put them in my ears I attach
them to the bandanna the black bandana
that's ugly because sometimes a hit yeah
yeah yeah do that now on here as well
just touch to the bandanna because it's
a lot more comfortable I either don't
get hurt then especially if you're
scoffs tight just really hurt that's all
done and then what do you do then you
get
we do get you get the scarf that you
want everybody to see it go to the
outfit over one side short one side long
whichever size does amid Matt please
please short side to Maci place it over
like Uzi you see there and then
depending on the shape of your face
really I like to do a point Londoner and
somewhere I could push a package of my
route and I'm inside like to do a point
so on her I think she looks good with a
point to what you do is bring it around
like that
I'll just going to put this here for now
why wants to you just pin these two
sides just to keep them secure you don't
have to but I'll probably fly off you
don't so actually you do have to put it
up there then just bring the long bit oh
yeah actually with the short but you
sometimes a bit longer than that you can
like leave a hanging so it's covering
your chest your clothes whatever or you
can actually just also sometimes I like
to do this just pin up here as well
which will just even up the volume of
their head as well
why can't we'll do that right now you
can leave that to hang and just bring a
long bit round round wrap it around a
head and some people like to go all the
way and put it right on your pilot like
that I think you make your face look fat
so I'm just going to basically just
don't bring all the way around just
loosen it a little bit like this you're
going to bring up a little bit so if you
want to hide your neck but I just let me
loose like that cause you very pull neck
as a man then if you just fold this part
over and I just
fit a lot better and you've got the
earrings they're way too big for her
head then basically just pinch and plank
so just go like that one by there and
then one by yeah and you just like
fiddle around with it in the mirror
level expecially spinning blitz
experiment and then this side I always
like to just go there that don't know
why just to give it a bit of a frill
like you know in when you like nice big
hair I like nice big skull anyway and
then this bit if you hadn't got shoulder
bag if I sold leader straight over and I
strip it over like like this well you
can leave it on the side like that or
just bring it back around all the way
around this - if you bring all the way
around with jacket well basically that
it is kind of look that you get without
the flour clip and that's hair from the
side there there's a little bit higher
to me from the side and then that's hair
outside and the back so she actually
looks we might as a Muslim lady and then
that's that basically to do without
flour clip I'll show you in a minute how
to do with the flour clip I'm just going
to address the fist
