so I wanna come everyone steena Tokyo
and so today I'm just recording a really
small video welcoming you to my youtube
channel which obviously is really bad at
the moment because this is my first
video so please subscribe if you would
like some more high def styles and me to
show you all the high def styles of
words used on my photo shoots on my
Facebook fan page which I'll put the
link to down there or up there don't
know yet depends if I figure out you
know how to put a link up and so I'll be
sharing loads of hejab styles out of the
days fashion tips anything Dina Tokyo
related really and next I'm going to
record a video now after this one so you
have to wear the square edge ebbs which
is like which which is how I wore them
in like my last photo shoot with the
crazy Palazzo jumpsuit I record a video
how to wear the square one two different
ways and but I'll probably post the up
like next week or something after
figured out figured out how to edit it
also don't forget you can follow me on
Twitter which I'll put links up just get
to follow my blog I'll put a link up and
just get to like my facebook fanpage and
of course don't forget to subscribe to
YouTube and I'm just going to show you
I'm wearing now because in my latest
blog post I told you order something
form forever 21 it's actually this talk
which I'll just show you so it's just
stripey tacky top which was something
ridiculous like 5 pounds or something so
ordered it and I'm wearing it with the
Jersey tube skirt which is from Topshop
on sale for like 7 pounds and it was
actually a dress so it was too short so
I pulled it down and war as a scare
so under scarf is from Primark for 4
pounds everything I'm wearing is really
basic comfy clothes that you want to
wear when you want to go out and enjoy
the Sun but you want to be comfortable
so thanks for watching this video
welcome to my youtube channel and stay
tuned for my next video which will be
the square Jeb tutorial ok so Ike
