you like we need some color better color
to break things up and match my clothes
today's video I am doing the lovely
zoella tag me to do a tag that she made
up I just called the was it called the
show-n-tell tag it is actually quite a
juicy one the questions are really good
for Who am I kidding like you know for
well it tags you in a tag you're gonna
do the tag right we'll just get straight
into it shall we
okay question number one why and when
did you start YouTube I started YouTube
in 2011 and I started because I was
actually on Facebook first you know
doing a lot of like styling and like
fashion related content on Facebook a
lot of the Facebook audience were like
hey you need to get on YouTube to show
us how you wear your scar so that is
pretty much what made me start youtube
and I remember like my first youtube
videos were so awkward and I was like
trying to be really professional in them
and anyway then I gradually realized
what YouTube is and it's just a chill
place to be that's how I started YouTube
what was the reason you started your
channel and how does that compare to why
you make videos today why I started
social media and everything general was
because I was just a little bit
frustrated at there being no
representation of girls like me and the
only representation was always just like
 representation obviously women and
I was like there's nobody just like
regular man I just like oh I'm gonna get
on YouTube and I'm gonna get on the
internet and I'm gonna be that person
now the blogging world and just the
internet world is full of Muslim women
and full of but so many different
representations of Muslim women so it's
kind of just like yay we've kind of
almost got there now I do it because I
just love it and we've been doing it
long enough to be able to make it in the
big what is the first video you ever
uploaded show us a clip okay the first
vijaya but code it is called my movie
and that's because I exported it oh did
I react to it I think I reacted to it on
my channel but I'll show you a little
clip here anyway in case you missed it
it's literally a video of me explaining
what you can expect to see from my new
channel that's literally all is and it's
so bloody cringe and I filmed it on my
laptop
I wasn't even sitting on a chair I was
kneeling on the floor and I have the
laptop on a chair
my tripod bloody all for miles but it's
quite hilarious that is really fun to
look back at God if you just go through
all my videos man so many memories so
many life memories anyway I'll play a
short clip of it on the screen somewhere
you guys can laugh now welcome everyone
steena Tokyo so today I'm just recording
a really small video welcoming you to my
youtube channel which obviously is
really bad at the moment because this is
my first video so please subscribe if
you would like some more hi Jeff Stiles
and for me to show you all the high def
stars the words used on my photo shoots
on my Facebook fan page which I'll put
the link to down there or up there don't
know yet depends if I figure out how to
put a link up okay who was the first
person you ever subscribed to I think it
might have been charlie is so cool like
or maybe you have this fan the other
spouse is a youtuber from America and
she was on YouTube making his jet
tutorials before I was I'll just give
you a list of some of the first people I
subscribed to it would have been charlie
so who like yeah this bars
I think superwoman would a pop pop at
some point in the very early years and I
would have been like oh also just rain I
can't remember when I came across the
weather though it would have been in the
early years but it wasn't that early
which is weird because I obviously
missed the boat I actually started
getting into the weather probably about
three years ago you know I reckon Roman
Atwood really got mummy
I remember call from Amina they she
uploads anymore Karim Jovian he used to
be called not that he used to be called
another name what was his other name his
other name was like more relatable
module recommends don't jealous for me
who remembers that the most recent
channel you have subscribed to probably
my sister that was the last one what is
your least favorite video you have ever
uploaded I already know this because I
remember uploading it and then two days
later deleting it cuz I was like what is
this I upload this video and I
called it five steps or five things you
need to do to become me who does that it
was actually more comical than anything
but I actually was watching it back and
I was just like you don't think I am
Brett seriously delete that what is
your most popular video and why do you
think that is my most popular video is
the most beautiful lipstick in the
and that's on 5 million views they I
mean I'm happy obviously but I'm also
very very disappointed when I see that
because there's so many other videos
that are so much more important than a
really good-looking lipstick but that
literally went viral and that was my
first Youtube viral video and it did
start a trend it started the most
beautiful wherever wherever in the world
how many videos do you have private or
unlisted okay so I've got 39 private
videos and 0 unlisted videos
I only ever have unlisted videos when
I'm scheduled to upload and so I
uploaded and I understand I publicized
it when it's ready I've got 30 however
many I just said prank videos show us 10
seconds of your least favorite private
video oh it's here you know my least
favorite video that I deleted i titled
it five top rules on how to be a cool
hey jebby it's ashli privatised cool
meaning me LSU thought I was cool how
many seconds 10 seconds of that hi guys
how's it going hi guys how's it going
today I'm bringing you the top 5 rules
of how to be a cool yes cool hey jebby
ok some d um what did they do what did
that person do somebody suggested it on
Instagram because I asked what videos to
do and they said do that one so that's
quite funny so I thought I'd do it
because I'm feeling a bit mmm it
spontaneous because I'm starving
don't know how that makes sense oh
that's 24 seconds enough for that thank
you
which youtuber would you choose above
the rest in your subscription box at the
moment I would probably choose or
subscribe to use it yeah I don't think I
am it's not here obviously you are
I probably choose every day s day no not
every day yesterday sorry estees channel
s days main channel probably cheese oh
maybe I choose h3h3 I'm the only reason
I'm not subscribe to h3h3 is because did
subscribe to the movie with what child
says channel but I policies hey CH 3 our
best bet subscribe now ok who would be
your dream collaboration this is
actually gonna come as quite a surprise
to you guys but my dream collaboration
would be my dad because my dad's I think
would make some
content with me I go lie I mean that
that would be pure entertainment but he
just refuses to be on the Internet
you know till this day I am still trying
to persuade him to do even just one
video with me
so Barbour if you're watching this you
would be my dream collaboration okay
guys guys comment below if you want to
see a video with my dad like so
something like you know dad does my
voiceover or dad does my makeup
something just fun you know what where
there's not too much pressure obviously
or even just a Q&A comment below to go
honest with you I know I say if you're
watching but I know my dad's watching hi
barber what was the hardest video for
you to film the hardest video for me to
film is most likely videos that are
sponsored by brands sponsored content
where I have specific guidelines I might
have to me not because it's hard or
anything but because suddenly there's
just a bit more pressure normally my
videos will be fully unscripted and even
the paid ones they are unscripted but I
do have bullet points in my head that I
need to come up you guys probably all
thought I'd come out and saying one that
meant a lot to me but no not really
because I haven't really put anything
out there on YouTube that's too personal
other than things like my eating
disorder but I've got to a stage where I
just couldn't give a flying for people
of faith and that's why I'm able to talk
about issues that some people might find
more difficult to talk about when it's
about themselves but I literally just
don't care anymore if all your videos
but one were deleted which one would you
keep that is a bloody good question oh
my god which video would I keep said I
would probably keep one of my mum vlogs
probably the first mum blog I would have
made because I used to do them weekly so
there's a short series of mum vlogs I
did which is when I first had Hannah
because when I watched those back I get
so many feels which is so funny because
like everything I've built on this
channel and all of the content is based
around fashion and beauty and being a
modest fashion dresser and all that
stuff but actually that ain't any of the
 I keep I keep one of my mum vlogs
what is the best thing to come out of
creating a youtube account the best
thing to come out of having a YouTube
channel is probably all the
opportunities I've had to be
it's literally like built my career my
YouTube channel isn't the place where
I've got the most following but it's
definitely the place that has given me
the most opportunity and that's because
YouTube allows you to you know showcase
your personality yourself and then
obviously I really like how we've
literally created like a online family
and online kind of like platform and
also you know when I started YouTube and
up until now there's been like this huge
huge shift in basically us seeing more
Muslim women just in our face and I
think that is just really good like
that's the best thing to come up come
out of YouTube is people coming out of
their shells we could say not one piece
of advice would you give other youtubers
okay that's the final question the one
piece of advice I would give other
youtubers have a message that you want
to share and I don't mean like oh so you
just have this one message and you make
one video about it but like get on
YouTube because you want to show people
something have a passion for something
and let that be the core of all the
content that you make I say that because
when you first start youtube it can be
hard to stay consistent but if you have
a passion or if you have something that
you really want to share with people
then you're more likely to be successful
in it I'm back that's it guys that's
what I would say so that was a fun
bloody juicy tag wasn't it so I hope you
guys enjoyed that video I will leave in
the description who are I'm tagging or
who I'd like to see do this video and
that's it thanks for watching I'll see
y'all next video till next time bye
