so lads it's the start of another week
it's afternoon and we're just about to
go out we have actually been out one
morning we just had a chill Saturday
kind of playing with play-doh
I'm not feeling what I'm wearing today
but I'm just wearing anyway juicy scarf
those earrings that Sid bought me from
NetSupport and then I've got these other
ones that are from Claire's I think then
I've got this Zara shirt I've kind of
pinned it all the way up to the top but
the buttons actually only go from here
and then it's got a nice kind of side
split how does dinosaur I'm wearing the
same HTM jeans that I wear pretty much
all the time and then I'm wearing these
dolls tea shoes that I think my sister
had years ago and she chucked them out
and I was like well I'll have those
because there there's kind of like
brogues that are so comfortable and
quite classic so I literally bring them
out every autumn every single year and
then I've got my other call jacket to
throw over the top because we're gonna
be going now to Camden and stuff and I
think it's gonna be quite cold and
obviously I'm not going to go in this
shirt so I'll show you that now so here
is the cause jacket I actually got this
last year so it's all season and the
black one that you saw in last week's
video is the updated version but it's
not actually as nice as this old-school
one because this one's got like double
sleeves it's not so pretty I feel a bit
blocky I mean I feel like a bit of a
bloke actually in it but I don't mind
I mean I'm quite the tomboy anyway oh
she's gonna cry are many ways me I'm
just wearing a regular t-shirt from Zara
that I did earlier guys Oh lovely
beautiful well done old school vans but
this jacket this bomber it's pretty sick
this was picked up from All Saints in
the sale and I think they've got loads
of them
so I think it's like 70% off for
something silly like that this cheeky
little monkey is in this hmm
polo neck cotton top she's wearing this
played shirt from Tesco boys section and
then she's wearing these really nice
knitted kind of pants which are from Gap
Baby Gap
and then she's got her black man's on
just like her daddy's and then I've just
put her hair up kind of away from her
face because we're trying to grow out
her fringe right now it's taking us a
while okay do you see scarf form yet
SIDS Zara glasses I've got a fancy
beauty lip gloss on the lips I've got
this wintery kind of scarf Tassili one
which has a sick mix of colors I mean my
sister had this for years and basically
every autumn I get it out again I'm
pretty sure you guys have seen me wear
it loads before I'm wearing this Lotte
and love sweatshirt that I got a while
back from H&M this is also H&M by the
way and then I'm wearing these pinstripe
Chino joggers elasticated waist super
comfy from Zara and I'm wearing these
Nine West trainers that there are an
absolute mess but we're going for a bit
of a walk in the park so that's cool but
like in Hannah's outfit today
hi cheeky come on show me your trainers
come on sorry I wasn't listening come on
show them to me woo I was wearing her
vans again and she's got these lovely
joggers from Zara another Asda t-shirt
you wearing a white pony neck underneath
on you just from H&M what's in your hair
Hanna family what's in your hair
do you like what you're wearing yeah is
it nice and comfy yeah look yeah look
your popkins on the floor you're gonna
pick up your popcorn oh do you like your
outfit today
Wendy's yeah you got Wendy's over there
but we're not wearing them today are we
good morning guys not even morning it's
Monday
Monday so we have like a three-day
weekend every week with her which is
good so we're going to soft play today
maybe the park is about black duty scarf
and the same earrings I've been wearing
pretty much all week just filled in my
brows put mascara on and then put on the
fancy beauty lip gloss from the galaxy
collection I think it's called a combo
then we have this neoprene jumper that
I've had for potentially about three to
four years from H&M and it's one of
those classic kind of jumpers get it out
every time I need to wear it all black
outfit because I love the fit it's a
really good box cut underneath I'm just
wearing a cotton polo neck also from H&M
got these Topshop skinny jeans which
look to be a bit dirty no they don't
they're frayed at the bottom and I got
these last year but I think this will
have them actually they're very very
comfortable very very stretchy these
shiny velvet Zara booties
brushing and then it's actually quite
cold so I'm just gonna put this cos
jacket your beloved cause jacket yes
black today does that look come with
Choji no fantastic oh you need to spend
gone yeah by the way the wet patch on
her butt is because she sat on her wet
bike yes sweetie pops this is called
what's that's it it's a flower
it is a pink flower but I don't know
what kind of flower is lavender okay
we'll just say it's lavender come on
let's go play I know what you wearing
today you're wearing a Fendi a good girl
what does it say on it is sweet and it's
got loads of ice creams on it hasn't it
watermelon as well yeah Hannah's hoodie
is from Tesco joggers from H&M Hannah do
you like your outfit Oh fellas ready for
nursery what you wearing today Hannah
you're a unicorn dress from H&M a long
time ago and then she's wearing like
these navy joggers from Tesco same vans
again
hoodies from H&M also a long time ago
guys and then she's riding this cute
little clip that I got in the post ages
ago from English you can't remember the
company does cute little clips and stuff
I know who is the company in his hands
thank you hon in any way if you're
watching hello you can't be today ucomfy
yeah oh and then she's gonna go in with
her Zara Joe
Oh with her Zara jacket as well
obviously cuz when they play outside and
stuff we're about to go out I am wearing
this Urban Outfitters men's hoodie duty
scarf these little study earrings that
Sid got me from this Porter and then my
regular hoops I think these H&M though
I'm wearing this trench jacket which is
from mango and it's got like velcro
fastenings which the drawstring always
gets stuck to slightly annoying but
that's what it's like closed and then I
could tied the belt and give myself a
waist but now then I'm wearing my muumuu
maxi skirt again this time I've got
types thick black tights underneath and
then I'm wearing those same shiny
military boots from a sauce
I kept the hood up because I don't like
how the hood rests it's not poofy enough
so that's why actually looks all right
there okay I'm gonna keep the hood down
whatevs
wow there's so much mess this Nucky's in
the corner lee-char Polly do you look
lovely that good ah Wednesday haven't
been out but we're going now to pick up
Hannah and get some supplies actually
for two videos that we're supposed to be
filming this week and next week by the
way I'm in the garden wait interested
because I'll keep getting like mad hot
flushes so I just like sometimes you
just sit in the cold
anyway duty scarf these are the ribbed
ones in like a nice charcoal gray it's
necklace I have that I wear pretty much
everyday is from my oldest childhood
friend Khadijah is from her mum when I
was probably like I don't know seven
eight I don't know really young it's
actually I think it's my sister's one
it's a dolphin
and then there's an elephant one
somewhere with my mom as well I always
keep it on this hoodie oversized maroon
kind of jumper that I wear all
third time is from H&M and I got it last
year then I'm just wearing blue kind of
skinny not not skinny jeans but I don't
know what they're called boot no they're
not even boot cuts they're just like
straight straight genes that are turned
up at the bottom I think these are from
pulling bare yes pulling bare and then
these Zara shoes I don't know what the
hell they say on it but I like that
black and white writing effect which is
a mega trend right now because of that
off-white brand of it everywhere we're
not really spending time outdoors today
so I'm not gonna bother taking the
jacket with me especially because I'm
feeling really well especially because
I'm feeling really hot and bothered
today so I'll just pop you down and you
can have a look at what I'm wearing see
what I mean about this video guys it's
like so oversized so perfect
I literally wear this all the time so
since looking like a bumble bee today
basically I'm doing a bear leg right so
obviously from Zara no I wanted to stay
in the doorway because our house is a
mess yeah
oversized gym that's quite handy that I
could do with one of them oh I'm gonna
have to Nick that off
Oh are they Zara yes oh I'm gonna have
to Nick that that is really good for
layering for me too
and then obviously my black on black on
black on black
Japanese MMD's my guys is mourning this
time Thursday morning I'm dressed and
wearing the black hoodie which is
exactly the same as the maroon one that
I wore yesterday these super super
comfortable costs jogging bottoms feels
a bit linen II to be honest with you and
then I'm wearing these funky leopard
print trainers what's the matter Hannah
you want to show them your shoes him go
Chiefy with my BAE
did you just bite me black as the jumper
with this cute boots dress underneath
turquoise leggings from probably
Sainsbury's the same vans and pigtails
kind of they're really messy I love this
little dress I love the 90s kind of
print I know why did you bite me
what's the reason is it because you want
to tension your side because the
pictures gonna eat you you don't want me
to use the camera do you don't like it
she's like she doesn't like it when I
get the blood coming out she'll like it
when we get the camera oh my god before
she's if she said to me I've said Hana
say cheese for a picture and she's
literally gone now no pictures please
she actually doesn't like is it anyway
I'm gonna wrap this up here you go one
last look as I was saying this is the
kind of thing I'd wear like on the
school run post office you know that
kind of thing should I get off the
camera I mean should I turn the camera
off don't know alright see you guys it's
Friday night and we've been out all day
basically in CAD I've got to fill my
outfit earlier so I'm gonna do it
quickly pray get changed do see stop on
my head another DC scarf around my neck
underneath I'm wearing this blue cause
shirt which has long sleeves that I got
off my sister because she's about to
throw and I was like good turnout it's
cause that vintage kind of purply bomber
jacket again I've got H&M boyfriend
jeans and then I've got these pale blue
shell kind of soul Zara trainers very
comfortable give me a bit of height as
well which I don't mind and in the week
let me see that stains oh I didn't show
you guys what hand is wearing you show
them your jumper Hanna
Wonderwoman jumper from Zara and then
these really cute stripy joggers also
Zara
lovely my mum slippers are probably
formal tezcan guys don't forget if you
want out with details for any of the
looks this week just head on over to my
21 buttons UK profile and the link that
will be in the description and I have
talked about links for all of the looks
so I got ya
