today's video is gonna be mad exciting
come on said actually you need to sit on
this chair this obviously everyone
already knows it stood my husband my
very hairy husband actually said is very
kindly agreed for me to do his beard for
him today we've got his usual tools over
there his razor and rubber slippers and
another razor over there
fabulous we've got a bit you know this
here what does this video do you know I
want to shape it first and then do the
gradients I'm gonna use this that looks
like could be great to actually shave
some intimate areas but it's fun as be
no no let me get them the level thing no
I'm not using that right now said I'm
the bother he's it she just like the
upstairs a little scaredy-cat God you
know what's funny I'm not he actually
thinks I'm not gonna told him and like
ruin his beers I'm actually planning on
doing a really good job sit your ass
down
hey hey I'll talk to you you're mine
you're going into deep this is sick wait
I got you I got you
I'm actually get into this so I
appreciate it if you do not interrupt me
one minute so we make the art for a
second
yo I got you believe me when I tell you
I've got you you might you might you
must cite it
I shouldn't they give you news out
because you can't fix that what have you
done you're bringing it down too low
you're making me look like flippin
hamster look at the damn cheeks man I'm
not you can't be Breezer in that low I
told you do not mess up my beard I have
this because my cheeks look at the fat
cheese do not do that look look you've
been up already
well now you've gotta is put to make
this size symmetrical to that side yeah
oh shit cuz look at the size of my
cheeks man guys do you know he looks hot
with that you should do Pig I don't want
to strap on my I'm shaving it and then
I'm gradient to get your chance my son
make this even I'm not make this even
and don't go any lower me I got you go
any lower those shaving eyebrows off in
this sleep just calm down and let me do
my job
I don't trust you no trust to me I'm not
out here trying to make me look stupid I
want you to do okay I promise you okay
look that's the shape up guys
here we've got the shape up look at you
you six look there's too much face
there's just too much face you've got
beautiful face
don't hide your face use the big Fork
obviously you're just going like that
right see boys ticket oh here we go here
we go you're doing it the wrong way
my head's going down good so you do it
upwards like a miracle me can I just say
no you cannot I'm the barber look at me
God cut you don't have to scrape my face
with me I know I don't
so stop you know you're not scooping up
of all the names good you're all good no
oh my god you look beautiful
that's how I would say you look
beautiful and papa oh no no fuck was
there
don't smile mouth wasn't it
I rather you just not use this and what
are you just shut chill out you're not
meant to shave that no I keep that what
have you done I'm giving you those
smiley faces do you just do like you
always do myself
oh why did you do that
why why why would you do that I'm great
oh I'm done I'm actually done there's no
chance of you coming on after you did
that why did you do that no no the video
is finished you don't understand one
thing
well what the Kamiya panjabi MC no no
why no man no we're done well lucky with
them I told you not to mess up we're
done we're done
Why What yeah I don't care I'm not
Hitler
why why would you do that I'm not
finished it naw it'sit's over pipe I can
fix it there's no fixing that there's no
fixing that you keep grabbing that and I
told you not to not to use this told you
not to use this cuz there's no going
back now what am I supposed to do I'm
gonna indicate just finish your video
well guys I'm actually done good I'm
actually done but Sid won't let me
continue so I'm gonna end the video here
but if he makes it just to save it cuz I
need saving then I'll let you see how it
looks at the end of the video ok thanks
for watching until next time
bye
