today we are going to be looking at my
old pictures of when I was in college
how I used to do my makeup and how I
used to do my scarf I'm basically gonna
be redoing it for you guys for a good
laugh
Mia's gonna fished out some photos let's
look at this first picture over here as
you can see I used to wear a lot of
passion Mina scarves Drake down my
shoulder I used to wear broke chairs on
the side to add a bit of bling bling and
then I used to wear a bandana for the
peak of my scarf I'm eating yogurt
coated raisins which I used to love we
have another example here so I used to
wear a lot of like dresses and I'd open
the front because I'd wear like a
pendant in the middle and then I'd have
my scarf draped over my shoulders I'd
wear like a long sleeve top underneath
and I'd always match my long sleeve top
with the color of my scarf or with a
color that's in my scarf so I was a lot
heavier here but then towards the end of
sixth form I started losing a bit of
weight you can't really tell but so I've
been doing outfit of the days you know
since day one here is an example and yes
very interesting isn't it I would have
done a whole look where I'm literally
recreating the whole outfit by and real
it you don't have clothes like that
although I could probably fish something
out to make it look similar but here's a
close-up so I wasn't really wearing a
lot of makeup but I do remember what
makeup I would wear this is me in the
high school canteen because I was in
sixth form not college and this is when
I had like a lunchtime job where I would
have to set up the lunch hall give all
the dinner cards out for people who had
dinner cards and then I'd have to clear
up clear up all the tables me my friend
had that job you know generate some of
my favorite memories are hanging out
with the dinner ladies in high school
anyway let's get started on transforming
myself so I only have two bandanas
currently in my possession a black one
and a navy one so we're gonna get the
black one I would put them on my head
like so so it's quite forward we'll fix
that later then anyway I'll get a
massive safety pin and just pin
underneath it like this I used to also
think oh if I do it really tight and
just tuck my cheeks in then I'll look
really skinny this is the early like
pashmina south scarf that I found that
is similar to the ones I would have worn
before so we've got one short side
one long stop and I think I used to pull
it back a little bit because in my head
I was like
see the bandana bro cuz like that's cool
Sid literally thinks I'm gonna go out
like this for the video it's just
there's just no chance I'm going into
Tesco looking like this anyway and then
I would get a brooch I don't have a
brooch right now but I do have these two
like Asian clips that I had a have in my
head I'd get a brooch to add a bit of
bling but also to like join the bandana
with the scarf so I'm just gonna slide
that through yeah that will do it's not
as blingy as with the like there we go I
think we pretty much got it so like I
said I think I didn't really wear makeup
other than a bit of blusher mascara eye
eyeliner and some lip gloss I think I
might have also bronzed a bit actually I
have a memory of literally just getting
bronzer and putting it all over my face
there was no like technique it wasn't
like a contouring thing the only lip
plumping gloss I have is this wonder
kiss one it does sting your lips a lot
so I remember we were obsessed with lip
plumping gloss back then and we used to
buy it from Claire's accessories this is
the eyeliner I used to use and I used it
really just ly for at least like six
seven years and it's the collection fast
stroke eyeliner and I think it's about
three pounds or it was three pounds
anyway in fact I've had this so long
that I don't think it's anything left
but we'll try it just line the top of my
lids I did do a flick but it was the
tiniest two flicks ever I think it
wasn't like a crazy massive wing my
obsession with winged liner came from
the first year of university first a
second year of university and that's
when I used to go huge right now we'll
add some mascara now I have had my
eyelashes permed let me make the brows a
bit darker because I do have my brows
lightened right now as well I didn't
really used to shape them at all they
were literally just like that okay that
should do it
just like I was in sixth form said let's
see if Sid had met me back there if he'd
fancy me at all no but you have to be
joking me up clearly don't look the same
I mean it's gonna be an unexpected guy
and go I prefer you like this and
everyone's gonna go
how I used to smile Sid is insisting
that I go to Tesco like this so come and
join me while I literally wear this for
five minutes before I actually pass out
of embarrassment
mashallah sister you actually covered
now masha'Allah we're going to Tesco I
recently bought this jacket and now I'm
like why did I buy this jacket because
you knew you were gonna get back in
fashion I've never seen high fashion
like this you know down the stars huh
huh you're back in trade tell me who's
back in fact that brochure on the side
it's just so nice and I just thought it
like brings them together yeah I thought
so too
yeah I used to put your shoes on your
hand they put them on your feet / along
honey Hannah right I never had money
back then so we'll choose your car by
the way guys listen right don't be
offended by this video if you actually
wear your scarf similar to this it's not
a bad thing I'm saying it's bad for me
because obviously this is how I used to
dress and for me now I'm not comfortable
in it whatever you were used to whenever
you're comfortable in okay
so if you need no one take offense to
this video this is about how are you sir
dress and it is it's taking the piss out
month out
don't be offended by it people are gonna
get hardcore triggered by this why I
used to think I was such a gangster and
evolutional Dinah's gangsterism happened
when me and my sister got our first card
it was a shared car together I was a
pedo 206 for pursue pleasure 206 and we
used to share it because she would go to
college like at six long so on my days
where I had the PG o2o6
I would properly like be driving like
yeah with my brooch in my scarf I have
my seat all the way back when I got
older and I got my first ever car which
is the box of girls that my seat would
be literally flat like lying back pull
up yeah and I'd be on the phone like
yeah you're so sure this little heard
peak these have my eyeliner and mascara
would never ever get ruined because it's
fully covered my eye section and it
fully protected it when it rained so
that's a good hey JB hack for you hey
why are you putting your hood up bro hey
don't cheat yeah I just have you go
ahead a 15-2 trying to try to pull oh oh
that's very shiny I look like your fishy
cousin who's just come over why are you
just in my face because you just been
introduced including do you know were
you getting from Tesco but smithy what
what one are you gonna choose fizz
there's loads of varieties because we're
in the world's food section on this
little I thought you wanted right sound
DG 2 pound tilde yes you are we need
rice are you getting that off yeah ok
why are you running why are you running
Tina back in the car guys on the way
home anyway uh yeah so I'll just go home
now thanks for watching hope you enjoyed
it back
