all right Dina all right tell us what
we're doing in this series and why we're
doing it for the last like 10 years or
so ever since I started blogging any
time you see any positive like media
about Muslim women wearing headscarves
it's always with the narrative of
breaking the stereotype which is all
good and everything but like how many
years are we all going to be just
breaking the stereotype which kind of
takes away from what they're actually
doing and their actual skills because
these these girls that we're meeting gar
just living their life they're not doing
whatever it is they're doing because
they want to break the bloody
stereotypes in like an ideal world what
would you hope some of your fans or
people that watch the video would like
kind of take away just to feel inspired
that they can literally do whatever it
is they want to do and that wearing a
headscarf or being a Muslim really
shouldn't stop them so we're a go yard
yeah so I got my sister down my twin
sister got my brother here as well and
obviously we've got our husbands here
and I just thought it might be nice to
have a open conversation get everybody's
feelings out about lots of things have a
button bagel
have one go on Arabic Hospital to eat
now it's eat you have to it's actually
rude if you don't take one
see right what do you think about me
Wang's Gogh Australian yes an act okay
nice I think people get it confused like
they just think it's for women but it's
not it's for men as well you're not
meant to attract the opposite sex
well I know from men's the jab is that
they should be not looking in the first
place like this she tells you to lower
your gaze before it tell the women we're
talking when you say it you talk about
the girl I'm talking about just like
they're religious like if we look at
modesty as a whole what do you think you
see my cousin told me she was in uni she
won two part-time jobs she was like oh
we can't I can't working a lot of shops
if I wear a scarf yeah I took deep I
said that's the joke obviously because
they can't you can't go away with that
stuff so then she was like okay try it
someone then I was like hey I'm on the
job yeah I heard you recruiting and they
were like okay I can give you an
application but you can't apply the red
scarf and I was like what what are you
talking about yeah this is like yeah
well it's just part of the rules like
the manager would actually you won't
even get into D because you ride this
girl feels like if you want the job you
could agree to take your scarf off when
you go into work and then put it back on
when you leave we just came back from
Palestine we were walking around the old
city and you can't tell the difference
half the time because Jewish women
Christian women and Muslim women were
all dressed in exactly the same head
coverings long hair just once they're
all dressed exactly the same where
prophet everything's buried there's a it
was in the mosque and they split it was
half synagogue half mosque and his tomb
is actually was a window for the mosque
to looking and the window for the
synagogue because they both whoever they
both using the same prophet so they're
both so it's literally exactly the same
but it's split because they're like
you're praying because they online a lot
better basically
we were really late like debating all
the time about like the origins of the
universe and yeah is there a crater if
there is how can there be one and I have
I got a little tick missed at my head so
it became kind of fun because we would
often just talk about it like every week
I've got decision like this love debate
it just went from there sort of started
to connect dots and make sense
it's different nowadays for men I reckon
so you have to like what you're not
allowed to show you have your arrow
which is the knees to the navel some
people would say oh yeah it's okay for
you said to dress the way you are but I
know in my head
it's not acceptable islamically for me
to dress it's not because I'm like
acting you Travis Lee you look sexy
yes the purpose is not to attract the
opposite sex that is the purpose of your
job
I don't believe the hair job is there
not to attract the opposite sex it's
there to protect you from set situations
but it's also there as like look
business visibility musk so for example
to protect you so for example because
I'm in a chair I don't go to settle
certain social situations like I won't
go to a club at night that's like
drinking around the job yes I do because
I'm not gonna be allowed in it's because
it's just not an appropriate setting for
me
example it works it to me or how long is
your hair the other day he said oh how
long was your hair and I was like I did
okay let me see it that I've known you
for about two years ever seen her I was
like you said that I was like I was like
me possibly a very back and forth
sometimes I'm like to see whenever you
want if you want to see scoff off less
your choice so we clearly all have
different opinions and that but you know
anything guys we're all Muslims and we
managed to live together
for the last four years and YouTube
since April this is just like a prime
example isn't it of like Muslims arguing
with each other and it's all down to
interpretation at the end of the day on
that note what advice you sir would you
give to a young Muslim girl growing up
in the UK now don't feel restricted
I've read yourself question everything
it's not wrong to question anything
they're an engineer about the last
questions anything you see in the crayon
you don't feel is right you question it
I'm sane like I was like why don't call
me pork so I researched into it I found
out the reason that you can't eat pork
is because there may have been such a
similar way to humans that we can
basically absorb fats from them easier
we can absorb this worm or like
parasites from them that we wouldn't be
able to absorb from other animals
because our intestines are made in such
a similar way also there one of the
cleverest animals they're not dirty they
look dirty because they don't have sweat
glands so to keep themselves cool they
have to run around the mud so actually
they're great there's nothing wrong or
dirty about them we can't eat them from
health reasons you know that's just to
protect us it's not because they're
wrong whereas most Muslims they were
even let their kids watch Peppa Pig
because they think pigs are like it the
devil says don't eat pork yes this is
that kind of a normal thing in your
household yeah that's a really normal
thing like we when we all get together
we all have these debates and and did
you see like to see and Perry they were
the way they were going at each other
that's so normal even me and said the
way we will go at each other we always
disagree with things and I think at the
end means you see just like are so
exhausted by it we're just like how are
these men are never gonna see our point
of view so might as well give up but
then they probably feel the same do you
ever think it's like that's the problem
that there are so many different
opinions in the same ultimately the same
faith right well yeah I mean so it's it
for me it's just a prime example of what
goes on in my comment section with all
the arguments from all the Muslim
viewers about how I dress or about
whatever is I could be doing in my
videos but everybody arguing with each
other are all Muslims and they all at
the end of day believe in the same
things what do you think is the best way
of changing opinions just being more
open to things for example like some of
these girls that were gonna go see
literally a few years ago would have
been like well that's not right what
she's doing with the head yeah because
that's totally not modest or like how is
she doing that with a head yeah but now
I'm just like well why not literally
what what's so wrong that she's doing
literally so if I can start opening my
mind to it and being
accepting of what people want to do then
why can't everyone else
hi Dina alright okay wicked we've gone
to stoke-on-trent to meet Delia who is a
power lifter and she's a Muslim one in a
high chair but that so I find that
fascinating
actually met Dahlia I think twice before
she's a friend of friends and she's
really cool a lot of the reason us
ladies Muslim ladies don't go to the gym
because they're not the helps where
because you want to be come to me you
want to work out but you want to be
you're modest to get
oh goodness imitating yeah even for you
Giles isn't it look you should show
Giles look even for dials that is
intimidating he is our regular white man
so tell me a bit about yourself like I'm
25 I'm half Lebanese and half Syrian my
dad's from Lebanon and I was born in the
UK I'm a British Muslim how did you get
into powerlifting I still don't even
know so while I was at uni I made a new
year's resolution 2011 oh my god you're
you're a new year's resolution I am I'm
a New Year's resolution er our January
gym joiner
a friend of mine told me that they were
starting weightlifting classes at the
gym we had like a coach who was a former
Iranian Olympic lifter that coach really
inspired me as well because he was like
wow you're like a Muslim female with a
job and you're gonna be like lifting and
weightlifting and you're gonna be doing
competitions you really push me into
doing competitions as well so he's like
really behind me
my mum's a very strong woman she always
gave me height like a lot responsibility
from a young age she kind of built up my
character yeah so basically from
beginning you don't take from
nobody yeah
you can't you can't compare yourself to
men because their Anatomy is completely
different and like I'll never ever be
like a man like in my physique or my
strength or anything and there was no
females to compare myself to good you
were like the bottle I was saying the
benchmark yeah when I first started in
powerlifting they didn't even have a
rule what like a modest outfit would be
for lifting because there's there's a
lot of regulations around what you can
and can't wear I'm going to touch with
them and email them and they said like
it's fine as long as you like wear the
rest of the the kit kind of like over
the top of whatever you want to wear
underneath when you're like doing these
competitions it's all about how much you
can lift no one cares about what you
look like
you know what makeup you're wearing what
makes you not wearing like it's just
like here's the way can you lift it and
as you can and that's bloody good
so a lot of people would be like what's
the point if you've got cover up your
body anyway that is the very point like
why why do you need to be on display let
people wonder what's underneath luckily
I think we're in an age where it's
really easy to take your clothes off if
you want to it's way too easy it's the
easier thing to do yeah it's it's just
like oh I want popularity we'll show a
bit of skin it's only fair he'd make me
there's anything he does
this guy over here Joe probably never
encountered a Muslim lady and her dead
before hug me on greeting awkward thing
ever because I have to go how to comply
not to be redone
like wearing those headphones not easy
it's yeah lovely but bloody hot everyone
will know yeah and especially like in
everywhere there's not so many Muslims
like you stand out for sure yeah it was
difficult and I had like those moments I
was I don't want to wear her anymore and
all this yeah and like so I lost a lot
of self-confidence and then I felt like
the gym gave me that back because I'm
like well and what if you're looking
like yeah you know can you go and bench
16 yeah Jim you literally are like in
your element you've had a really
positive experience like on this
powerlifting journey so far yeah mostly
yeah I guess there's one incident which
happened to qualify for an international
competition I was just about to go out
and do my first score attempt because
you start with squats one of the kind of
presidents of the Federation like March
is over and like you can't lift and I
was like I said like I don't wear this
for fun like this is a religious thing
yeah and he was like no like I won't
have it literally I like burst into
tears yeah I was like on my last nerve
everyone who was there who was also
lifting or not lifting or supporting
they were like so supportive the man in
question did come over and apologized
afterwards he said he didn't realize it
was for a religious but imagine if it
wasn't for Italy just reasons like what
yeah big deal if you yeah more covered
anyway I did go on to to break the
deadlift world record really yeah for my
aging weight so I was like if anything
that is my win
do you have an arm-wrestle Oh hahaha for
my credibility is just me okay ready one
two three go
you'll do nothing on you I'll let you do
nothing on your you lips you do nothing
on me
and I'm putting my all in one I'm just
pushing you back you serious yeah okay
kill me off just kill me off
I stopped doing sports and stuff when I
was young because I put the scarf on and
I felt like I looked like an idiot
really I just felt stupid man but I felt
like if you look cool in your gear and
stuff you then you already cuz let's
face it if you look good you feel good
and then you're confident like course
can week starts tomorrow
but is the precious statement yo I'm
gonna buy one what what would you say to
like any girls who might be like
thinking about it but just can't take
that first step that you need to start
you know I mean I just say maybe if you
feel intimidated take a friend you can
hire laughs at least like if you make a
complete fool of yourself you've got
someone to laugh with yeah I only
stepped into there today because I knew
you were gonna be there I feel like just
watching you is gonna push a lot of
girls to just start the gym I hope so
just the gym in general yeah like never
mind powerlifting yeah or a sport
like what it's fine some things that you
really really enjoy like you might not
find it first time go to like and the
great thing is you get to meet people
you know what I'm really impressed
oh thank you yeah it's been really good
to watch you and hear it like a really
positive experience especially with
something like that it's so different
so what do you think a Dahlia Dahlia has
a very very positive experience and very
positive story and it's nice to hear
that she's very headstrong you know I
mean she has a very positive outlook on
life even if she experiences something
quite negative I think if you're
generally positive you overlook a lot of
the negative things that might happen to
you because you just generally don't
have time in your life
that's Haram you know are Haram means
he's forbidden hi guys and well I've
touched a man in it come on John come by
Elia yes a joke relax I'm really
confusing these like men
you really want to know that good
did you ever kids Jay over here though
yeah it was all right cuz Joel's keeping
me entertained for two hours oh yeah
guys were in Berlin we're going to meet
Emmy she's like a bloody really
well-known Berlin hip hop dancer who's
one of the billions of competitions and
now she teaches dance and that is crazy
and so exciting soon you can ever go the
dancing and yeah but I'm probably gonna
be a bit awkward because like growing up
I was always told like don't dance in
front of people because like that's a
modest yeah this is why this is why I
told you see this feels cool
cuz she's doing something different so I
want to see her perspective cool
it's gonna be hell yeah let's go come on
doll sign up so walking how are you oh
she hung over the counter
so this is my dance dance school
perfect for selfies here everything is
happening by the way just so you know I
can't dogs just just for your
information everybody can dance
I'm the first every teacher and give up
I mean yeah I don't know Eddie yeah let
me show you first yeah kind of hip-hop
music okay yeah so you can get the
feelin out you can vibe to the music I
start with me the music like this like I
don't wanna get to like that was the
last time you had a battle then the last
time was one week ago before I decide to
yeah my way my job so when you bow your
head jab did you decide to stop yeah
because of wearing the head yeah why
because for me it doesn't make sense
because my style is really productive
yeah so when I dance against the man I
was acting like so you anything you know
her and I think it doesn't make sense if
you have he Jeff you want to cover up
some
for me it's more harder to talk about my
faith and my hijab in our own community
as if you talk with Muslim yeah man so
many people say to me what are you so
hard either you are Haram literally Dena
you as a person is her off what kind of
religion they are practicing here so I
don't think that our Prophet was like
this you are right you're wrong and I'm
the best and you are wrong you know the
way you lived most of your life without
wearing yeah yeah and then you wore it
so have you noticed like a change I
start wearing you down and I just go to
the train and I swear by God the people
stand up and sit on stake away yeah I
was a hairdresser before my boss he was
like oh you wanna wear a job but you
can't work here and he's like yeah you
know it's nothing - nothing personal but
you know and the media and stuff and the
people are scared of and imagine he's a
Muslim - he's amazing - yeah no way
I never would have thought that you
could ever do this and be in her debt I
know it sounds really typical but you
know like breaking stereotypes how do
you feel like when people say that for
me it's this was always ago with or
without you jump to being a role one
because in my youth I had nobody where I
what hey I wanna be like her it was
always man yeah because a girl or a
woman oh yeah yeah yeah and I want to
break this type of women because women
can also sit and I can talk to you and
after five minutes you can feel like
yeah she's right I can do much more with
myself
you don't need validation from a
maverick
always people talk to me like hey you
are a Turkish girl you know dance it
doesn't fit with Kiska I understand like
you you for our culture you know you you
will never find a man yeah and I'm like
I'm not dancing for a man yeah yeah you
know I don't know living for a man yeah
so young girls are literally growing up
to think I need to find a husband
otherwise what am I gonna do in LA yeah
which is yeah this it should be taught
the opposition we talk what do you want
to do the husband could come later like
I mean if you grow as a person as a
really strong woman the perfect man will
come
what advice would you give to like your
younger sister especially growing up as
a young Muslim if you really think about
deeply about what I'm saying now be
yourself don't live for somebody else
just go anyway even you fall down like
100 times one day you will find the
light for yourself thanks for inviting
me to studio and of course you're
welcome so how do you feel after talking
to Annie I think like I'm considering a
different outlook on life
like literally soon as we met Emmy we
were like all of us were like wow she is
so cool and all of a sudden even though
I was naked from the morning but as soon
as I met her was just like all this
energy all of sudden I'm like yay raring
to go
I think she's not too good for me so one
more person to me and this is the one
that actually I've been looking forward
to this nice oh let's go what are they
yeah that's going down guys oh yeah
we're in Bradford to meet Sofia who
works on the Muslim women in prisons
project where she helps them before
their release kind of integrate back
into us into community just loads of all
these issues basically that we're going
to learn about because I always thought
like I like to talk about women's issues
but then when I came across the fear I
was like oh I never actually even once
considered Muslim women in prison the
kind of like different needs that they'd
have and the experiences they'd have
because they're Muslim and from like
community backgrounds it's a bit
different from some of the other girls
right well not completely different I
mean if you can talk about the obvious
thing she doesn't wear hijab she's doing
work that is really needed and really
overlooked yeah so yeah she'll be really
interesting child yeah yes Rana to go
okay look here I could just barge it
keep my Center is a care center
it offers services services for people
of all ages really so we have elderly
people accessing this we have a learning
disability group on-site young people
and this is where I work with some of
the offenders from my project Muslim
women in prison I'm a community
development worker I've worked with
communities for over ten years and I'm
most known for doing the first research
into Muslim women in prison just looking
at the reasons why Muslim women go to
prison some of the challenges they face
one the bear and post release as well I
went on to set up rehabilitation program
for Muslim women in several prisons in
the UK and I think a lot of what I do is
is determined by by my Islamic values
in the report it says just briefly like
some of the offenders might have maybe
might be covering up for a male the only
link that we saw in these offenders says
the first thing everyone everyone asks
is what they've done yeah and across the
board the only Connection we saw was
there was links to wider family crimes
and then there's this thing about you
know if a woman sometimes takes the
blame it's less time what's the first
time offender and it's very unfortunate
because that's that contradicts
everything faith tells us I've always
done gender equality work so for a long
time I I remember setting up a a youth
club some of the people in that
community really thought that you know
hi so at the end of a high school
education we'd really like for our
daughters to maybe get married and
settle down and have children and some
of that was to do with I guess their
backgrounds and their Malin said that
they bar over from South Asia but I
thought it was really important to
engage young women in recreation and
talk freely about their ideas about life
and and look at their own aspirations on
what they were and to encourage that
type of free thinking
and the other thing that came up was the
fact that some of these women like all
women in prison have suffered very
difficult issues in the background so
issues that we as a community or maybe
not too comfortable speaking about like
you know domestic abuse sexual abuse
there's issues of forced marriage and
mental health
essentially Muslim women are a minority
within a minority here in my experience
whenever I try to talk to communities
about those issues yeah I nobody wants
to know know about it because they I
don't know maybe is like just being
scared if a woman is a victim of
domestic violence or some sort of sexual
abuse how openly can she goes to some to
a place in her community online and say
look yeah and say look I need to
disclose this and I need help how open
are we as a community to that because
that could eventually prevent a lot of
other things happening and and that's
when you look at the journey of women in
the criminal justice system you find
that there's a lot of hardship and a lot
of baggage behind them Sarah chakra
finger missing there is there is I hate
it so I don't know my stomach to rumble
can you get us another chocolate finger
and pop it in there
well what your views on modesty hey Jeb
you know there's a lot of outer piety ya
can be in teasing
yeah it's taught me a little bit that I
think I think with hijab for first and
foremost you know Islamic you were told
her job is the job of the heart and that
reflects in your values your modesty's
your interaction with people but
sometimes I find in communities that
they're it's the other way around and
it's more of an emphasis on all thr and
it seems to be that if you are covering
up to a certain extent you just you know
you're probably the greatest most people
thought and you know you you're the
symbol of or of perfection you can't
make any mistakes you know and you're
you know you're the pinnacle of what we
what we must aspire for but for me it's
more about your motivation it's more
about your connectivity to people your
interactions so unfortunately I think
you're in this day and age there is more
of an emphasis on on outer piety what
would you advice would you give to those
young girls who might feel that pressure
but they have so many things that they
actually want to do stay committed stay
focused be be true to to your morals
visual to your position and don't be
afraid it takes a certain type of
boldness tachi challenge now and even if
that means really sensitive
conversations with your parents and
trying to give your perspective on
background I'd always say that there's
always other women out there that are
doing amazing things it's been really
really interesting talking to you oh I
love Lee of course thanks for having me
it's lovely to have you in Bradford
actually
so what do you think this affair she is
like the only person who's actually
addressing this before I even heard if I
didn't even think Muslim women prison
I'm really inspired to kind of like be
bit more active you know I mean because
I have a lot of use in favor of women
but am I really doing anything I need to
like meet people and branch out and
learn about things I need to learn about
things I don't know child I initially
don't know anything like you guys were
really name-dropping and I was like
who's there oh he turns out he's a
bloody MP
Dina has a gun well bad cool pretty
hectic few days of shooting right yeah
but we've had a break now we do yeah you
have had a bit of a break have you
enjoyed it though yeah I have really
enjoyed it it's been great
the conversation between you and your
family was pretty interesting there
seemed like there was a bit of a divide
between the girls and the boys in the
room
it's that quite a common thing yeah if
you can call it a conversation there's
more like a bloody argument like in
terms of our family whenever we have
these debates or these conversations
we're always arguing or in disagreement
with each other especially when there's
boys involved what do you think
interests you know just about each of
them they all found more support in
those communities rather than in their
life rather than at home with their
Muslim community that was like of the
theme I like I really liked Dalia
because she was in a really really
obviously male-dominated environment and
she was walking around like she owns the
place and it was just so good to see
that like when I first walked in there I
was like oh I don't want to go in there
and then Dalia just took me under her
wing and I was like yes I feel like I
should be here you know they see you
guys are always comfortable because
there's billions of you walking around
here that's why you're always like yeah
I can go now could do I don't know ever
because they all look like you to get me
but like when you when you look a bit
different all you do think of it
differently it is it's quite scary it
can be scary
I loved Emmie because before I even saw
what she she was doing and that she just
had
she's just so like warm and inviting
she's very open-minded and she she said
herself she got that from the dance
world like the dance world taught her
how to be open minded and accepting of
others yeah not like not in the same
community which is what should be do
what I really loved about Sofia was that
I just been loved the work she's doing
man I found it fascinating and it just
highlighted how many how much Muslim
women are needed in these industries as
well so what if anything else in terms
of advice do you want to add we've had a
lot I've read yourself question
everything it's not wrong to question
anything they're an engineer about the
last question of anything is you in the
Quran you don't feel is right you
question it I just say maybe if you feel
intimidated take a friend we yourself
don't live for somebody else
stay committed stay focused be be true
to your morals visual to your position
asking for support asking for
encouragement and you know not not many
women that have been down that path
themselves will close the door on you
they're always ready to give advice I
was told it's a young Hannah I would say
listen girl don't take from anyone
else I would say
he was emotional about this as we are
about this coming to an end
if anything I feel like the two people
behind the camera have learned so much
guys so if nobody else gets this whole
series you know what we've changed the
perspectives of two white men and that
they that is amazing in itself
you
