all right Dina all right tell us what
we're doing in this series and why we're
doing it for the last like 10 years or
so ever since I started blogging any
time you see any positive like media
about Muslim women wearing headscarves
it's always with the narrative of
breaking the stereotype which is all
good and everything but like how many
years are we all going to be just
breaking the stereotype which kind of
takes away from what they're actually
doing and their actual skills because
these these girls that we're meeting gar
just living their life they're not doing
whatever it is they're doing because
they want to break the bloody
stereotypes in like an ideal world what
would you hope some of your fans or
people that watch the video would like
kind of take away just to feel inspired
that they can literally do whatever it
is they want to do and that wearing a
headscarf or being a Muslim really
shouldn't stop them so we're a go yard
yeah so I got my sister down my twin
sister got my brother here as well and
obviously we've got our husbands here
and I just thought it might be nice to
have a open conversation get everybody's
feelings out about lots of things have a
button bagel
have one go on Arabic Hospital to eat
now it's eat you have to it's actually
rude if you don't take one
see right what do you think about me
wearing scoff Australian yeah after that
okay nice I think people get it confused
like they just think it's for women but
it's not it's for men as well you're not
meant to attract the opposite sex
well I know from men's Ajaib is that
they should be not looking in the first
place like this view tells you to lower
your gaze before it tell women we're
talking when you take it do you talk
about the girl I'm talking about just
like they're religious like if we look
at modesty as a whole what do you think
see see my cousin told me she was muni
she want a part-time job that she was
like oh we can't I can't working a lot
of shops if I wear a scarf yeah I do
bleep I said that's the joke obviously
because they can't you can't go away
with that stuff so then she was like
okay try it so and then I was like hey
I'm on the job yeah heard you recruiting
and they were like okay I can give you
an application but you can't apply the
registrar's and I was like what what are
you talking about yeah this is like yeah
well it's just part of the rules like
the manager and actually you won't even
get in to see because you wear those
coffees like if you want the job you
could agree to take your scarf off when
you go into work and then put it back on
when you leave we just came back from
Palestine and we were walking around the
old city and you can't tell the
difference after time because Jewish
women Christian women and Muslim women
were all dressed in exactly the same
head coverings long see ya religious
ones they're all dressed exactly the
same where profit everything's buried
there's a it was in a mosque and they
split it is half synagogue half mosque
and his tomb is actually the window for
the mosque to looking and the window for
the synagogue because they both whoever
they both using the same profit so
they're both so it's literally exactly
the same but it's split because it like
you're praying because they are like a
lot better
we were really late like debating all
the time
about like the origins of the universe
and yeah is there a crater if there is
how can there be one and I have I got a
little tick list at my head so it became
kind of fun because we would often just
talk about it like every week I've got
to sit in like this no debate it just
went from there sort of started to
connect dots and make sense
it's different nowadays for men I reckon
so you have to like what you're not
allowed to show you have your arrow
which is the knees to the navel some
people would say oh yeah it's okay for
you said to dress the way you are but I
know in my head
it's not acceptable islamically for me
to dress it's not because I'm like
attracting you Travis Lee you look sexy
yes the purpose is not to attract the
opposite sex that is the purpose of your
job I don't believe the her job is there
not to attract the opposite sex
it's there to protect you from set
situations but it's also there as like a
protective you don't look busy visibly
like mr. so for example to protect me so
for example because I'm in a chair I
don't go to settle certain social
situations like I will go to a club at
night
that's why Peters like drinking around
the job yeah it's not about cuz I'm not
gonna be an audience it's because it's
just not an appropriate setting for me
example it works it to me or how long is
your hair the other day he said oh how
long was your hair and I was like I did
okay let me see it that I've known you
for about two years ever seen her I was
like you said that I was like I was like
maybe I should senior very back and for
sometimes I'm like to see whenever you
want if you want if you scarf off less
your choice so we clearly all have
different opinions and that but you know
anything guys we're all Muslims and we
managed to live together
for the last four years and YouTube
since April this is just like a prime
example isn't it unlike Muslims
arguing with each other and it's all
down to interpretation at the end of the
day on that note what advice you sir
would you give to a young Muslim girl
growing up in the UK now don't feel
restricted
I've read yourself question everything
it's not wrong to question anything
they're an engineer a lot of the last
questions anything you've seen the
proton you don't feel is right you
question it I'm saying like I was like
why don't call me pork so I researched
into it I found out the reason that you
can't eat pork is because they're made
up in such a similar way to humans that
we can basically absorb fats from them
easier we can absorb this worm or like
parasites from them that we wouldn't be
able to absorb from other animals
because our intestines are made in such
a similar way also they're one of the
cleverest animals they're not dirty they
look dirty because they don't have sweat
glands so to keep themselves cool they
have to run around the mud so actually
they're great there's nothing wrong or
dirty about them we can't eat them from
health reasons and that's just to
protect us it's not because they're
wrong whereas most Muslims they won't
even let their kids watch Peppa Pig
because they think pigs are like at the
devil's don't eat pork yeah this is that
kind of a normal thing in your household
yeah that's a really normal thing like
we when we all get together we all have
these debates and and did you see like
to see and Perry they were the way they
were going at each other that's so
normal even me and said the way we will
go to each other we always disagree with
things and I think at the end me to see
just like are so exhausted by it we're
just like how are these men are never
gonna see our point of view so might as
well give up but then they probably feel
the same do you ever think it's like
that's the problem that there are so
many different opinions in the same
ultimately the same faith right well
yeah I mean so it's it for me it's just
a prime example of what goes on in my
comment section with all the arguments
from all the Muslim viewers about how I
dress or about whatever is I could be
doing in my videos but everybody arguing
with each other are all Muslim and they
all at the end of the day believe in the
same thing what do you think it's the
best way of changing opinions just being
more open to things for example like
some of these girls that we're gonna go
see literally a few years ago would have
been like well that's not right what
she's doing with the hedge a blonde
because that's totally not modest or
like how is she doing that with a head
yeah but now I'm just like well why not
literally what what is so wrong that
she's doing literally
so if I can start opening my mind to it
and being more accepting of what people
want to do then why car and everyone
else
you
