you really want to know that good
did you ever kids J over here though
yeah it was all right cuz Joel's keeping
me entertained for two hours oh yeah
guys were in Berlin we're going to meet
em me
she's like a bloody really well-known
Berlin hip hop does that he's one of the
billions of competitions and now she
teaches dance and that is crazy and so
exciting soon you can ever go in the
dancing and yeah but I'm probably gonna
be a bit awkward because like growing up
I was always told like don't dance in
front of people because like that's a
modest yeah this is why this is why I
told you see this feels cool because
she's doing something different so I
want to see her perspective cool it's
fanime hell yeah that's good come on
doll sign up so it's working
how are you Oh should we hug over the
counter
so this is a Miley dance dance school
perfect for selfies here everything is
happening by the way just so you know I
can't dogs just just for your
information everybody can dance
I'm the first every teacher in Europe I
mean yeah I don't know Eddie
yeah let me show you first yeah kind of
hip-hop music okay yeah so you can get
the feeling how you can vibe to the
music I start with me the music like
this like I don't get to like that was
the last time you had a battle then the
last time was one week ago before I
decide to yeah my were manager so when
you wore your head jab did you decide to
stop yeah
because of wearing the head yeah why
because for me it doesn't make sense
because my style is really productive
yeah so when I danced against the man I
was acting like so you anything you know
yeah and I think it doesn't make sense
if you have huge f you want to cover up
some
for me it's more harder to talk about my
faith and my job
in our own community as if you talk with
Muslim yeah man so many people say to me
what are you so hard either you are
Haram literally Dena you as a person is
her off what kind of religion they are
practicing yeah so I don't think that
our Prophet was like this you are right
you're wrong and I'm the best and you
are wrong you know the way you lived
most of your life without wearing yeah
yeah and then you wore it so have you
noticed like a change I start wearing
you down and I just go to the train and
I swear by God the people stand up and
sit on stake away yeah I was a
hairdresser before my boss he was like
oh you want to bring your job but you
can't work here and he's like yeah you
know it's nothing - nothing personal but
you know and the media and stuff and the
people are scared of and imagine he's a
Muslim - he's amazing - yeah no way
yeah I never would have thought that you
could ever do this and be in her debt I
know it sounds really typical but you're
like breaking stereotypes how do you
feel like when people say that for me
it's this was always ago with or without
you jump to being a role one because in
my youth I had nobody where I what hey I
wanna be like her it was always man yeah
because a girl or a woman oh yeah yeah
yeah and I want to break this type of
women because women can also sit and I
can talk to you and after five minutes
you can feel like yeah she's right I can
do much more with myself
you don't need validation from a
maverick
always people talk to me like hey you
are a Turkish girl you know dance it
doesn't fit with kiss kill I like you
you for our culture you know you you
will never find a man yeah I'm like I'm
not dancing for a man yeah yeah you know
I don't know living for a man yeah so
young girls are literally growing up to
think I need to find a husband otherwise
what am I gonna do in LA yeah which is
yeah it should be taught the opposite
should be taught what do you want to do
the husband could come later like I mean
if you grow as a person as a really
strong woman the perfect man will come
what advice would you give to like your
younger sister especially growing up as
a young Muslim if you really think about
deeply about what I'm saying now be
yourself don't live for somebody else
just go away even you fall down like 100
times one day you will find the light
for yourself thanks for inviting me to
studio of course you're welcome how do
you feel after talking to any I think
like I'm considering a different outlook
on life
like literally soon as we met any we
were like all of us were like wow she is
so cool and all of a sudden even though
I was naked from the morning but as soon
as I met her was just like all this
energy all of sudden I'm like yay
varying to go
that's too cool for me
so one more person to me and this is the
one that actually I've been looking
forward to this nice Oh
let's go whatever yeah that's good
we go lie right now come on go home now
Mike oh yeah
