no no that's not bad hi guys I'm back I
got said here hello baby daddy today
we're gonna do a challenge because we
realize we have another one in ages
we're gonna do the who knows me better
oh well do you know each other challenge
challenge there's gonna be lots of
whipped cream involved and people
getting pied in the face probably him
because he's not gonna get any of the
answers right cuz he really doesn't
probably you you don't know don't know
me by the way it's gonna be on 50 a
wedding anniversary it about week we'll
be married five years bye anyway guys
we've also partnered up with MAO TV for
this video so thank you to now TV for
sponsoring this video and allowing it to
happen basically yeah it's pretty sick
because we've actually been subscribed
to them for over a year and it's our
favorite streaming service if you guys
don't already have now TV then you can
actually just click the link in the
description and I have 14-day free trial
to try it out so enjoy anyway enjoy us
getting pied in the face shall we start
the challenge so we're gonna ask each
other questions if that person gets the
question wrong they're gonna get pied in
the face basically
but we don't have the whole thing has to
you up the Messier that's a hundred
twenty is that the deal it's the Honda
tanker you'd make me clean it anyway
yeah you would it would be real I've
been doing most of the cleaning no let's
not turn this think sig does everything
in this house and trust me he doesn't
okay right should we start cuz I got my
pushes up and I can't wait wait I've got
my question I can't wait
okay you do you want to go first yes I
do oh come on not at all what time in
the day was I born an exact time well I
can't I can't you can't give me your
window not really because you know
you're gonna get pies I don't feel like
doing this in you must know 2:00 a.m.
the rule is don't go don't go painful
yeah just
I hope you're wearing rubbish clothes
that you don't care about I just never
had buying my faces is it all okay
you're not gonna do that on everyone cuz
then it's pointless how many siblings do
each of my parents okay you don't have
seven okay your mom has got the brother
the funny with dying in Pakistan can you
just do it in your head and tell me what
it is you guys have seven your mum has
four I'm right aren't I you are
somewhere who five for this one sister
how about five girls women there's only
ever - she's got five brothers who are
they you could find them explain to you
later she got five brothers that is a
lie no she's got five brothers I just
know that mum from Pakistan Skouras
coming up this is a good makeup remover
oh oh we should make a brand
oh the dairy milk cleanser oh the dairy
milk cleanser what are my egyptian
grandparents names their actual birth
names
yeah their names not like grandad
grandma oh I know your granddad's yeah
but you don't know my data's my
grandma's is Uganda's hatha yes and your
grandmother
not even I don't know what you're
clicking like in there somewhere
is there a Gyptian name or well they're
my Egyptian grandparents that's the clue
I'm a pathologist and Maryam Oh have you
seen mrs. Doubtfire look at your
question out it's the same question no
because it's not on your list grandma's
name - what are my grandparents names
name - what's Hannah's favorite thing
ever to watch that's a pretty broad
bloody question yeah what's her favorite
thing - what you should know this give
me a clue
let me spell my face the clue is it's on
no TV that doesn't narrow way and she
she so she watches it and her schedule
is she watches it every Thursday night
while you're in basketball
frozen yeah well she runs around the
house you better put that cream away
then what is my favorite movie thriller
of all time obviously know that No
Country for Old Men the dumb one where
he puts things on people can with them
with blue with their what is it once he
did
he does he does that see this is why I
love now TV guys because they have
something for everyone especially for us
like in a small family because you can
choose one two three or even all four of
the passes cinema entertainment kids and
sports they all work well together for a
family like we could just she could
watch what she wants I could watch what
I want Hannah could watch what she wants
the streaming service is pretty sick
because they'll mount the stuff they
have on their platform it's just
ridiculous
she watches all her like Keeping Up with
the Kardashians and Real Housewives ours
and the other woman hip-hop Love & Hip
Hop oh Michael all of that holiday you
know how much we both love Handmaid's
Tale o Handmaid's Tale it's not weight
well for the new series
Hannah's always watching Ben and Holly
Peppa Pig frozen Milan and Malana goes
nuts for Moana yeah but not that says
frozen me all she does when she runs
around the house is sing frozen songs
yeah wave a wand around yeah anyway guys
if you click the link in the description
then you can check out no TV for
yourselves and all the amazing programs
on there they've got a 14-day trial my
turn next question what time of the day
what time of the day where you it was
6:00 a.m. oh I mean say yeah like this
on the sixth day of the week which is a
Saturday on the 6th of June
that's like satanic exactly I didn't
tell you the answer to my grandparents
names either
what's your grandparents thing my
Egyptian grandmother's name is weirder
what is that which means flower were
know what when I was a child what did I
want to be when I grow up I know this a
vet that's to see I wanted to be an
archaeologist hey what time did I grow
up in Riverside
yeah I was gonna say great stuff moved
to great town what's the thing that you
do that stresses me out the most there's
a long list he's going through this head
to be OCD with things no thank you
keeping your shoes on in the house he
late she doesn't take his shoes off
everywhere he got to bed with the shoes
on if I didn't tell him who is my oldest
friend because you told hasn't yesterday
well cause he's your oldest friend
no I said I am or casas oldest friend
what what car sister love you man but
you weren't there from the beginning you
went there and then move aside dude how
many teeth do I have how am I supposed
to know about 32 why'd you do it like
that
growing up
what would my favorite bedcovers I said
this to you before and you were like
really give me a clue then it's a
character like a cartoon yeah Masek old
man the snowman guy it isn't it it's a
snowman
no no that's not fair it was Thomas the
Tank Engine I just got my lip with the
paper because he's going
are you are you there now you stitches
she's going past this yeah you wrap it
up guys she's gone what was the name of
my primary school horse and in primary
school you remember that guys we
finished our questions
thank goodness oh my god that was insane
I hope you enjoyed this video and
watching us get in a right mess it was
hilarious
I actually knew the mess I actually
really enjoyed myself that was a good
one even though we gotta clean up now
yeah it was good fun we should've
checked them off and really good back to
do why are you keeping that there I
don't know because I got no to put it on
me anyway thanks for watching guys
remember you can also join now TV by
clicking the link in the description of
this video to enjoy their 14 day trial
till next time do that I knew it me
coming bro I'm coming I literally look
like a bird spewed on me everywhere so I
need to get changed now and go to
basketball while Dena takes care of the
kids
