I just wrapped up a vlog of mine and
then Sid came in he was like press
record cuz you're gonna film another
video right now and I'm like what are
you talking about what Instagram is
rolling out four times four grids is
that at all no how do you know this is
real news this everywhere it's happening
no but what's gonna happen to my whole
feed my Instagram page everything is
based around the 3 by 3 so if Instagram
goes four by four that means 3176
Instagram posts are gonna look like
why don't they do 4 by 4 well the
pictures are gonna look so small this is
the thing guys right if you got a
following on Instagram really you ain't
 it's just an app it's literally
just a nap
you own nothing this is a prime example
of when you look up to people on
Instagram who've got millions of
followers they ain't without the
Instagram page who are you literally who
am I now how actually depressing this is
actually what was all this hard work for
guys do you know how stressful it is to
figure out your Instagram team and I
know people like in Toronto is so
shallow blah blah it's just Instagram
snap but for people like me it is work
and when you're a creative solely a
creative soul you want your page to look
perfect that's why we constantly upload
something then and then you see it like
two days later it's deleted and just a
whole new theme cuz we're like no no
that didn't fit the theme even if it's
got a hundred thousand likes on it not
my most popular pictures and said like
why she's a DJ and I'm like I don't care
if it's popular it doesn't fit my page
man when are they gonna introduce this
new 4x4 are you sure this is not too old
no this has happened in people's
Instagram account certain Instagram
accounts have been changing to 4x4 theme
because of their test in it what's going
on with my theme this is why it's
important to be a somebody outside of
Instagram sup guys I'm over to Z's flat
and we're just changing for our first
look guys is the second look I look like
the Michelin Man because this jacket is
ripped and very structured and anyway
say hi to you later yeah it's been a
long time since you saw Lizzie on my
vlog actually I think he's already not
the most fashion makeup up we're
shooting with it is yet again like back
in the day
we said haven't shot with any other
photographer since that Lucia love I'm
wearing this vintage Chinese skirt
Japanese guy I don't even know I walked
guys with the help of volition we've
made some changes to this look stripy
top red scarf so it's not so boring to
see look so much chic oh my god
slimy pee what's your Instagram ELISA oh
sorry
ELISA is eating an almond biscuit how do
ya Alec gamma right on the screen
juicy way to get his girl from Oh hmm
guys if you go on the to edit you'll see
loads of outfit details in the caption
of everything guys we just shot the last
leg so this is what I was wearing I was
just wearing this camo jumpsuit from
vintage a choice you are changing and
we're gonna go to the skinny dip time
Starbucks event but we changed and we're
ready check my bag from sorrow guys this
is to see space longer gig and I'm just
there to help I don't know
guys we just finished at the event I
didn't look any vicar to see need to
unlock it if you guys want to have a
look at a bit of the events and all over
to channel those juices first logging
gig how did you find it TC I don't feel
like I'm a blocker I think that it's a
bit of a piss-take how I've been
blogging for about 8 years and I just
start getting paid in the last two years
or so 2 to 3 years or so and then as
Lucy comes along in the last month and
gets a gig because people like my stuff
we got to go to take checking out are
you gonna go to this yeah why not
oh no we're going to burger Rica's
Hallel beggary Shake Shack we're going
to burger equals hell out here guys
looks pretty good that is with my mojito
that looks great that you think we just
spent the last half now taking pictures
of each other pretty pose because
there's not ever we're on the way home
I'm gonna burger D I'm gonna wrap this
vlog up now I hope you enjoyed it and
the your manic boom wine Tuesday
