basically today's video we're at home
what are you doing come back today's
video we're at home and I was like yo I
need to sort through all of my crap out
good crap really expensive crap actually
the crap I'm talking about is skin care
crap right I've laid it all out on the
bed
this is all the unopened skincare that I
have why don't I try all in one nice big
fat juicy skincare blog I've been seeing
all these skincare videos I'll hold my
hands up I have done a few of these
myself in the past but not recently
people skincare routine is lychee like
ten steps plus nowadays to be honest
with you it confuses the hell out of me
and lately I have had quite terrible
skin look at the redness I've had a
really bumpy forehead and a lot of you
guys have noticed I don't know why but
you know like it doesn't actually bother
me that much but I just thought why
don't I try doing something about it you
know what I'm starting with but I'm
guessing we should cleanse let cleanse I
got this a few months back actually it
says on the front they're nutritious
it's Estee Lauder and it's a micro al
gay pour purifying cleansing by its
basic soap right they always say you
should never use soap to cleanse your
face because it'll dry you but this one
is that they allow what I want
hmm Leslie says nutritious did a bitch
 on your sleep no Hannah did okay so
please hold it well oh there was
probably instructions I forgot to read
the me show the mic so yeah
good job don't know it Megan can you
gain it alright let's just use - oh I
feel like when I was a teenager and I
would use soap to wash my face nice lava
slang green lava react yo by the end of
it oh they shouldn't let's give the poll
and the scenes before that was my before
skin shop okay
I look up what the ink but those of you
who are not Muslim and then what what
Diego would do is write its ablution
yeah the definition for ablution here is
it might be immense couldn't that be is
that in men that's a really good idea
for volume actually whose towel is it I
don't have no idea
no I hope it's not your dad's yeah did
he I'm sure this morning I'm not sure
hopefully that's a clean towel otherwise
that soap has left my skin feeling
exactly the same as when I use other
soaps you know when you like good to
smile and your skin feels very stretched
and very yeah I feel like I need to
moisturize my face basically Oh what
should I keep doing cleanser stuff to do
all the cleansers then one go right then
all the moisturizer I should do all the
cleansers then all the masks then all
the moisturizers and toners and all that
stuff right that makes sense so do that
are you asking me oh let's do this mask
mask Vizag advocate Sephora is an
avocado face mask basically that looks
like a soggy panty liner
dhofar right every time I try sheet mask
I'm not that impressed not gonna lie but
maybe cuz I don't like slime eNOS okay
this is rubbish this is the actual mask
one can see I don't taste a it's
very cold
I wasn't even keeping this in the fridge
book you got a massager in apparently is
this correct I don't know didi I really
I don't know if this is the right way
this is kind of kinky to Sid we miss Lim
stop
Muslims don't have sex right we just
leave this on for 15 minutes 15 minutes
shall we go and have a cup of tea love
I'm not gonna massage something to me
redness do you want a cup of tea love oh
sit sit
you wanna go here me I put it in there
them know where we live ah so you want
to come over then I wanna wash the
dishes no no no it's not my job no
that's yours independent woman and all
on it
I'm gonna make him your PG tipps bro
like mrs. Doubtfire mascot okay man I'm
a scout waving wrong like their knickers
or something my skin is looking you know
the same pretty much the same but it
feels a little softer so it's not a
dishcloth it's a tea towel because it's
a clean one because I didn't have a
towel for the downstairs loo so I
thought oh let's just put clean tea
towel in
mingi what's this Dermalogica what is it
pre cleanse oh I always put this on now
before I do a cleanser did I do a
cleanser I can't remember should we
tried Dermalogica melts impurities and
makeup from skin Oh
using dry hands massage over dry face
wet hands and continue massaging to
create the light milky emulsion really
good brand King Cobra oh it stinks it
smells a bit minutes doesn't it
that's good bit mean to your face young
Leila Habibi Elmer they're gonna want me
for all the ads after this update update
oily product I feel radiant already
let's go let's put that little Mattson
sell it on ebay it's this eye patch
thing looks like a mini butter is this
the physical mais I think so cuz I can't
see
Oh sugar just google it quickly it's for
tired puffy eye bag eyes so you just put
on for a bit
my eyes are really cold oh well this
wasn't even in the fridge this way this
way this way you go in the wrong way you
going the wrong way you're going the
wrong way don't get rid of that one that
one's expensive oh no are squeezing the
saint-laurent into a core that is just
odd that is that is not nice oh my god
don't do that people are crying inside
right now how do my eyes look crazy go
look refreshed him i bagless oh wow the
eye bags are gone say well like
obviously not let's try a lip treatment
and what look treatment is that this is
Esper nourishing lip treatment let's go
yeah Wow smells zestiness congealed
human that's what yield is like I love
your dictionary
do you love my wall that's what's on my
lips it's a very very thick oil so we
leave that on carbonated bubble clay
mask it's been out for ages and I
totally missed the hype train I look I
haven't even opened it shall we try it
it's basically a clay mask that you put
on in it like bubbles look at ah that
flies oh my face is so big isn't it yeah
you got big face keep missing parts of
your faces biggest a baby you knew
what I mean yes a kin fairly oh huh
me me another nice bubbly let me see the
minds time-lapse this bruh yo if I don't
put the lid on is gonna bubble in here
it's really foamy how do I love this how
do I be so scared I'm starting to see it
cuz it's obviously coming out how Fermi
do I look it's still foaming by the way
that filter is that yeah yeah babe - oh
girl I on it Kyuzo Punky's up a lot baby
I'm taking a picture
you gon do the face
who's that cute little bitch okay thank
you I'll wash it off now all we been
doing this video is putting stuff on
washing it off yeah girl this is a
jumper would be beautiful imagine in the
winter a jumper that looks like this
that looks like fungus I'm just a I'm a
designer yeah how different koala yeah
like a koala bear you lift a koala bit
it I look like a koala
I had idea though are you sure I'm ready
are you sure I'm sure
hundred percent I'm saying oh it's nice
just like making more wash your face
it's really thick though perfect my eyes
okay other than the obvious fun factor I
don't mean like this yeah I'll just get
off like actually get off skills coming
out to dance sing look it's like a
creature does it take this long to get
good skin I've got good skin and
literally I just use water what's this
oh you know what I'm getting quite
stressed so let's try this stress check
breathing refresh and calm your senses
so you stress less and it's called this
works I bet you it doesn't work apply to
put risks and pulse points and breathing
deeply whereas is a pulse point temples
bum bum ah obviously neck no man not
there hey man do you know where you
jugular veins are doing everything is so
soft right now nope really properly
actually feel eat it how soft is it Wow
get off now lancome genifique sensitive
double concentrates what said watch out
man what are you doing that's your fault
you don't leave listen it open like that
this smells actually amazing smell that
smell it
let's try charlotte tilbury which i've
had for ages
it's charlotte tilbury instant magic
facial dry sheet marks which is supposed
to be bloody amazing
oh is it yeah see Charlotte is smart
right she doesn't like goo and gunk and
mess
so when I got a dry one look there's no
gunk it's fully dry
okay loop top hooks over the ears you
look mental Jason okay volume ensuring
the mask is smooth over every facial
contour
gently massage on top to activate your
dry Mars
duh activate it mas can be used up to
three times Wow yo Sean is smart lady
yo Halloween's coming up Deena Deena
well you both you up they Instagram oh
oh that's a good burger I would be upset
too okay you're really scaring me now
I'm going to make sure that I get my
money's worth
even though I got it for free what
should we do next this isn't new this is
something I use anyway the Kiehl's
midnight recovery I got you that yeah it
is it look how small his gifts are what
you're talking about is a whole set yes
stupid yes I said inter stupid
honestly I'm not even testing this I
just love this it's lit my favorite I
think right now I'm glad you like it
get off foot that's me nice on you I
well I just did this for the thumbnail
now it's a wasted there's a mayonnaise
on your eye look you wanna use it so
it's all wasted no Ron Jones come on
it's really good you really need it
that's a bit too much for you anyone
else in this house right now right we'll
just let that sink in for a bit I use it
is this like a spa oh oh let's try the
Mario Badescu facial spray with aloe
herbs and rosewater and then what does
that do I don't know look I've got this
little ball pen from the body shop and
they came with other
things that I don't know I couldn't find
so I thought I'll use this because it's
cool ball that you're supposed to
massage your wrinkles with no that
doesn't help so we'll just do a bit of
that on my wrinkles get my wrinkles
before yeah now we do after I'll just do
this for a bit and then you can see how
my wrinkles look in the after
well you really work in that ball right
are my wrinkles any better let me check
it's really nice actually they look
exactly the same
really they're not better yeah good
thing well I think you have to do it
every day I'm not giving up on this
little ball we've got another lip thing
I don't think it's skin care I think is
that so not an actual lipstick let's
just put it on shall we oh it looks so
look at gender sick wow let's put some
on what was that what's that for then I
think I see just a pink lippy so that's
not skin care waiting everyone but I
just smells good I like it cosmetic so
ever Jurlique Rose moisture plus daily
moisture balancing serums you try bear
that just put this all over my face and
it was very gel like but it is a serum I
actually really like this so far what
does it do
I don't know but I feel like I look
glowy look if you get some good light
you can see the glowy look you do
actually look Louie this is good
skincare put loads of this Colgate
toothpaste on your face no that's not
new when you have spots okay I think
we're gonna try another mask and we're
gonna try the body shop Chinese ginseng
and rice clarifying polishing mask
you're gonna put rice on your face yes
why don't you just pull up butter yani
on your face while you add it but it's
very grainy this looks very very wry see
it's quite grainy soon yeah I wanna have
a regular routine so but you can use it
I really want a regular skincare
manageable routine right I think that's
enough of that let me wash my fingers
nappyhead not be in your head what brand
is that it's just a waiting game now
it's just a waiting game now
well you
ah you sound like
Louie walls didn't think that Louie
watch yes I saw him the other day
what'd he say to you he said you can
sing amazing he told Jedward they could
sink so I want to buy anything he's
saying
I got stomachache now let me see if he
knows no no no oh yeah oh yeah yeah tell
him tell him tell him ten do it do it do
tell them oh tell them tell them do it
do it do it right I'll wash off now
people normally go from muddling do
it
Muslim a Muslim a Muslim is a Muslim
cloth yeah what's a Muslim cloth isn't
that like an abaya it's not a bird this
is good because this is like a bit scrub
you go scrub that dead skin on my nose
with it there's a good mark this how do
you like it yes stop coming up again
there actually said my eye wrinkles look
a lot softly though yeah the skincare so
far I think my soul it's just pissy but
no look it I mean like he's working you
know like I really feel like my skin
looks cleaner but let's blackhead as
well even though the new squeezing it's
alright it's alright it's alright this
mosque feels incredibly refreshing I
literally feel like something for the
moisturizers you try this oh it's
another this works brand in transit
camera close up mask moisturizer and
primer in one from this works so I don't
know how this would be a mask there's no
instructions but I'm guessing if you
were to use it as a mask you just leave
it on for way longer and as a
moisturizer you just moisturize your
skin with it as a primer you'd put it on
before makeup so there you go this is
gonna be my final step so I'll just
massage this in then we look at the
state of my skin and see what warning
cuz if nothing B is gone in with my skin
then I just wasted my whole morning
beautiful right guys that's everything I
didn't actually use everything because a
lot of it I hadn't realized is actually
for the nighttime business so maybe I'll
do this again but it will all be like
nighttime skincare perhaps this is the
end result of my skin I'm feeling
incredibly refreshed and I'm feeling
actually very was that was that called
supple you feel the suppleness what a
supplement what a supple mene mene soft
I feel very supple actually and I feel
like my face really needed this I think
it has made a difference you reckon
yeah yeah oh thank you stop touching it
then why cuz your fingers a date you
know just Clinton oh my god they're not
really that day they are right so I hope
you enjoyed this video guys let me know
if you want a part too I'm sure I'll get
more skincare by then till next time
