morning guys it is Thursday and I just
got ready to go to my sister's house
because we are starting like a new
project together so today is like the
first day of that it's nothing too
exciting basically we're starting at
Instagram page together call the to edit
and we will be doing twin looks pretty
much yeah I thought I'd just kind of
like wrap up this Fashion Week blog cuz
I know in the last scenes I think I said
I had a few shows to go to and then I
was gonna go to the Fenty Beauty launch
and get to see Rihanna uh Harvey Nichols
and all this stuff but basically what
happened is I came back from Berlin on
Monday night quite late I mean it wasn't
too late it was only like half eight in
the evening but it was a very long day
for me because I left at like 4:30 a.m.
basically I got mom guilt on top of a
few other things and I just thought
basically I'm not gonna go to the rest
of these shows what are this launch
party cuz I just wanna stay home and
chill with Hannah till with my family
kind of I mean on top of other things
also like anxiety as well those two
combined mum guilt as well as anxiety
pretty much gives you 100% confirmation
that you will not be going wherever it
is you're supposed to go when you get
those two together I don't know I just I
just didn't attend anything I was just
like I've had enough now
I don't know this always happens to me
when I've had like a week let's say like
a really busy week where I've just had
to be out every day and talk quite late
not really seeing much of Hannah so
basically what happened and it kind of
sucks a little bit because I do this to
myself all the time I always miss out on
really really really good opportunities
and I put it put it down to like feeling
guilty believe me Hannah but also my
anxiety just tells me like I don't need
to do this and it's kind of right I
don't need to do this I mean you get two
kinds of people you get people who
literally show up to every event and
then you get people who I like to think
this is me now work really really really
really hard in the background but don't
kind of I just can't deal with like
going to these events way I mean they're
really good events and stuff but like
most of it is just showing off it's just
fine I mean everybody likes a bit
showing off I like showing off but
sometimes I just think nah so I don't
have to explain it it's a funny
situation and it's quite difficult when
you are a blow
and that's kind of like what you have to
do a lot of time is go to lots of stuff
whereas I'd rather just be home with my
family and like creating stuff to put
out on the internet but then that's
about it really
I I'm only ever okay or fine or like
totally confident and never kind of
counsel when I do something that
involves you guys like when I might meet
you guys
then I don't get nervous or anything
that I'm just like yeah it's just like
the guys who watch me like it's cool
like we know each other but where does
anything else like you know press events
and just things like that I always just
feel like I don't know why it's a it's a
number of things number of reasons but
most of the rest of like the shows that
I miss I think I missed about four or
five shows slash presentations that
would have been really good to put in
the vlog because they're really exciting
designers it's fine um it's something
that I'm kind of working on myself but
anyway next Fashion Week hopefully I
will oh I'm also a lot better when I
have somebody to go to things with and a
lot of the times I don't have anyone to
go with I just go with myself and I have
to like rely on meeting somebody and I
just think like I don't need that
 stress it's like high school
again I just can't deal with there but
yeah hopefully next Fashion Week I'll
feature a lot more because maybe it will
be with my sister SIDS downstairs he's
just got my coffee I'm gonna go now to
see my sister get started on our little
fashion blog thing and then tomorrow
actually I'm going to Bradford for the
day to carry on with this YouTube
project that I'm doing and tomorrow
should be the last day of filming a show
a la and which is really exciting
because then hopefully these this series
that I've just filmed will be out
mid-october I really really want you
guys to love it I want you to know that
it's coming out in mid-october and get
ready to watch it and share it as much
as you can because it's like it's it's
just an extension of what I already do
kind of think but it's like better it's
like more substance it's like more
meaningful I mean nothing too deep or
like fancy fancy creativeness but like
it's just cool and I really want you
guys to enjoy it so keep a lookout for
that mid-october and anyway I'll see you
on my next video until next time bye zip
I did
by the way SIDS got loads of new videos
his channel so head on over to what real
yeah yeah and I'm making some music as
well so you know what by the way since
getting back on his music cuz he was
like he was a rapper you know this is
gonna be nothing this gonna be sick
I by
