hi guys it's literally like not even 10
a.m. yet but we had an early start today
wrapping up their series for my YouTube
creators for Change project which will
be coming out mid-october and I can't
wait for you guys to watch it on my
channel anyway today's video is a haul
and it is a toddler clothing haul and I
can't believe I haven't done one of
these yet because I've had a kid for
coming up to 2 years now I went to Zara
two days ago we were supposed to get
stuff for Sid but he couldn't find that
stuff so I ended up just roaming around
I don't see I went a bit crazy let's get
straight into it cuz it's quite a big
bag it is I'm not gonna lie so these
aren't Zara these are a shop in
Westfield called super gir basically
they have really cute trainers in loads
of plane colors and just a lovely like
mint green they were on sale for 17
pounds basically if any of you guys
didn't know but Sid Hannah's dad is a
great artist he paints very very well
what Sid used to do back in the day dave
is used to personalized trainers so he's
gonna do thank you I only actually
bought her another pair shoes and these
are little comfy trainers I got from
Zara boy I always buy Hannah boy's
clothes by the way because to be honest
with you I just like them more than the
girls these are also a little bit big
for her but give it about two weeks
actually she could probably wear these
but these just look so comfortable for
her and I really like the strap it's
very stretchy and like you can really
adjust the sizing on it these were 20
pounds
I'm just gonna take a bunch of stuff and
put it on my lap and then go through it
with you guys by the way I always like
go shopping with an intention to buy a
bunch of stuff and then I end up not
buying anything for myself
and I always just shop for Hannah like
the only person I can shop in real life
for now is Hannah I can only shop for
myself online right we'll just go
through this pilot shall we okay first
up we have
look at this Wonder Woman jumper I mean
come on it's so cute I buy everything
for Hannah way too big so she is almost
- she'll be - in about a month in
Charlotte but I get her stuff minimum
two to three years or three to four
years sometimes even up to five years
because I like the oversized look on
Hannah and it means when she's actually
that age it'll still fit her and she'll
just wear it the fit that it should be
this was 13 pounds okay then I bought
her these cute trousers look how cute it
looks like you know there's like really
trendy bomb kids that you see on
Instagram you know like an American
they've got like a bond and they're all
these kids in these farmy clothes but
they're like really trendy I don't know
what I'm saying right now okay and then
I got her these trousers lovely full
pattern there don't you think perfect
for autumn these are only 7 pound and
what I like about these is they're
leggings but they're a lot thicker so
that's are gonna be quite warm for her
in the winter which is good okay then I
bought this cute it's cute
Eddie come on look at that look at that
so cute oh actually I wanted her to wear
this with these trousers how cute I mean
come on look look come on
you know I love about toddler clothes
they can let you get away with wearing
anything I really really have time when
I pick stuff up a Hannah I'm just
thinking I want to wear these clothes
but they don't have them in my size and
it really just makes me want to do a
clothing line fully inspired by toddler
clothing I just think it'd be sick you
know okay then I bought her a really
warm jacket when it's closed up it looks
just like a hoodie or something got a
nice pocket at the front Hannah loves
her pockets so she's gonna go crazy when
she wears this and then on the hood it's
got a little bom-bom-bom bom-bom if you
undo it
it's polka dot lining this was 40 pounds
way to overprice for kids but I was in
the zone yeah I mean 40 quid is why I
pay for my my own my own kind of jacket
from Zara so anyway then we bought this
Star Wars top which says we can do it on
it I just thought was really cute
Hannah's dad Sid is a Star Wars fan Oh
Chapman's gonna puke thinking he can't
eat that food is that the food that he
eats the cat eating grass and puking up
all over the house so annoying Oh guys I
love these trousers look these are from
the boys section as well how cute the
boys section just has way funky stuff
like the girls section have a lot of
cool stuff but a lot of it was also very
girly and pink I really want to try to
wear these trousers with this top which
is also Zara boys let's got all the
animals on it but she loves Fox sea lion
bear that's it I think animals with this
come on print on print and then I bought
her another coat let's check it which I
thought was nice she hasn't had a gray
jacket before it's really fluffy on the
inside so she's gonna like that because
it's nice and soft and the hurt is nice
and fluffy but you can also take this
fur off obviously it's faux fur cuz I
can imagine actually she this might
annoy her so I might have to take it off
for the meanwhile - she's a bit older
than these things don't annoy her sake I
mean look when you hold it up just
imagine it kids clothes are just the
best honestly man I just want everything
in my size like for real though some
store needs to open up and the concept
is like toddlers clothing pops it new
business venture concepts or toddler
clothing for adults we should call it
big kids we should call it big kids no
nobody else on board somebody fund me to
do that no ok next I've got this sick
top look of eyes like planets and it's
space
I like tops like that they have like a
cletus section it just adds to the
cuteness of a toddler's body anyway you
know they're all just like little next
we have another cool pair of trousers ok
so basically our kids is winning
particularly Zara boys is winning when
it comes to their trousers I love
trousers for Hanna's are baggy I love
that it's the cutest thing on toddlers
ever way cuter than just those tight
leggings
drop crotch and I think it's got like a
koala no they've got pandas all over
them yep they've got pandas all over
them
ok then we have this cute jumper that
says please more broccoli if I tell her
that's what it says and she might want
to eat the bloody broccoli this age is
way more fun for us adults
address them but I thought it was fun
dressing her as a baby but it's not that
fun because of the baby they just
constantly need changing and it's fully
a waste of time and money to get cute
clothes like fully when she was proper
baby I remember I changed her about 10
times a day I was just like I can't deal
man she's just staying in the cheapest
white baby girls and that's it okay next
up we have another sick pair of jogging
bottom these are also the boys section
that's a pocket through there as well
okay so she's gonna love that cute I
also like to get baggy trousers for her
because when it gets really really cold
I can put tights underneath without it
being too restrictive or annoying for
her okay next up we have another cute
pair of joggers these are from the girls
section these are really nice and warm
okay next up we have this cute stripy
top I don't really like the heart on it
but I do like the stripy top and I
mainly got this for layering purposes
I'll put the wonder of vest top for her
or under a t-shirt and have the stripes
poking out maybe with dungarees or like
a romper this was five pounds that's
pretty good finally we have this hoodie
which shares again and again and again
and again and again and again and again
and again and again and again you get
the idea and I really like this because
it's something that she says plus I was
gonna buy this other shirt that was
there and it's just a plain white shirt
and it said in black writing look at me
and Hannah is totally in that phase
where she's literally like look at me
look at me wherever she's doing
something funny and but I didn't get it
so that was a pointless story imagine
this with these trousers and then I'll
probably get like a white t-shirt
sticking out underneath and then she can
wear like her white Nikes with it or who
she's got black vans she should wear
black vans with it that looks sick
that's basically it guys
all in all I think I spend 230 pounds
I'm not gonna lie
most of Hannah's clothes are from
Sainsbury's or from Tesco because I
don't go real-life shopping a lot by
only good to the supermarket so I always
pick her up clothes from supermarkets so
I was really excited basically when I
went to Zara as you can imagine them
that's why I bought all this stuff
anyway I really hope you enjoyed this
video all the links for these clothes if
I find them will be in the description
if not you can just pop into your local
Lara and have a look in the toddler
section cuz it's sick anyway I'll see
you on my next video till next time bye
