today's video I'm doing a tag I got
tagged by the lovely Louise Pentland
from sprinkleofglitter to do the baby
name challenge I have had a kit as you
guys all know had the lovely Hannah
she's almost two so we'll get straight
into it
what is your favorite boy and girls name
from the top UK names list 2015 so I'll
go through like the girls ones first and
pick yes I know I know
my favorite name on that list if this is
the correct list is Penelope I've only
ever met baby Penelope once in my life
and I was in Cornwall and Hannah was
about four months old and there was this
other baby there that was like six
months old her and Hannah kept making
eye contact so it's really cute and then
we asked the parents you know what's her
name and they were like Penelope and I
was like that's so cute nobody has that
name ever but clearly they do because
it's on the list but like still I think
it's quite a rare name and I think it's
such a lovely name would you ever call a
second daughter Penelope no should we
have a look at boys names oh my god
number one is Mohammed Mohammed is the
most popular name in the world isn't it
okay see oh I really like Benjamin I
probably choose either Adam or Benjamin
I love the name Adam for a boy Oh Ali I
really like the name I Lee
oh my god no right when I was pregnant
with Hannah I was obviously pregnant
with Hannah but for a while I thought I
was gonna have a boy so I was like to
say that I'm definitely calling it Noah
and it's not gonna be new which is the
Arabic version it's gonna be nowhere
because I just think it's just sounds so
lovely but no is not on the listed but
having said that Benjamin is so nice but
then he'd be short for Ben which which I
don't like it'd be like a Binyamin in
Arabic that's quite nice what about
Elijah oh I like Elijah I'm gonna go for
Elijah all right next question
what is your least favorite boy and
girls name from the top UK list
we'll start with boys probably Austin
just because it reminds me of a petrol
station or something
in Texas don't tell me how I got this
connection I have a vivid image of a
petrol station in Texas do you okay but
no visa Louise didn't ask you
she's asking me right as for the girls
least favorite is probably gonna be iris
there you go least favorite is probably
gonna be iris it sounds quite sinister
that name to me right next question if
you had twins what would you name them
okay if it was a girl girl you know what
name I was considering for Hannah Kinser
Kinser oh Kenza Kenzie I call I call I
called them a and Kenzie because I think
cuz I not have area Kenzie and Hannah
and then if it was boy boy they'd
probably be called Allie and Noah or
Adam and Noah or Elijah and Benjamin
they'd be Elijah and Benjamin that's
kind of nice Elijah and Benjamin twin
boys are like that and if it was boy
girl it would be Elijah and area next
question if you could change your name
to anything what would it be
no but if you could change it to
anything what would you change if you
could if I had to if you had to what
would you change it to I'd probably
change it to what my parents were gonna
call me which is new I like new risk
it's nice sure simple a bit like Dena
short simple what would you change your
name to them Jamal Jamal demographer you
have four children any gender their
first names all have to start with the
same letter
what would their names be so the easiest
thing to go for is a obviously but we
won't do that because that's like I said
easy let's go for four children all
beginning with the letter D okay if it
was a girl I'd have dunya and I'd have
died and they say two boys beginning
with a D David's O'Dowd which I think I
would is David I think it is no is
yaqoob no that's Jacob yeah I don't even
know anyway note dad or David I would so
call a boy Dexter a sick man Dexter dry
Dona Dexter and old
yeah from dunya to Dexter I know what's
your favorite animal inspired name this
is quite hard to think of oh I was just
gonna reach box because of the biscuits
on the table oh really
I don't like Lionel Palomas quite nice I
actually Palomas a really nice name cyd
ho is such a sick name
Poe yeah how do you spell it p OE
is that girl or boys name anything
what's I inspired by people ah
if we have a girl I'm so calling the po
po po come here pal huh this Yara what
sighs quietly what's it fly Yara is a
pretty name every RA in the world is
pretty literally you don't get ugly Yara
you're a pretty Yara and Po there you go
favorite animal is bite named Yara and
po inspite yarisis bite my butterfly and
po inspired by people peacock po the
peacock what's your favorite color
inspired name definitely blue red is a
sickening right if you call your kid red
that is preset yoga red that all red and
blue what are your top three favorite
boy names well it's like I said earlier
isn't it Noah Ali I really like Ibrahim
actually Abraham / Ibrahim but the top
three probably I would put a brahim in
there but just it's just something about
that name that screams to me this person
will be kind I don't know why what are
your top three favorite girl names
Penelope a new one po and Kenza we like
Kenza Hanna was gonna be kenza but we
didn't go with it she just didn't look
like a cleanser in the end chem Zarkon
that's pretty cool if we have a girl
will either be cancer or Poe depending
on what she looks like
pose pose but I would call my boy Poe
yeah no but he'd get bullied cool no you
got to call him like do you know pose
the name of the Panther prom I'm the
Teletubby tinky winky dipsy laa-laa Poe
oh you can't quit kid at 1000 is cool oh
it's sick man you just got to move
abroad and not know who the Teletubbies
are
what is your favorite celebrity baby
name
ooh that's a dad that one celebrity baby
names it so Jamie Oliver named his son
river rocket so his son is is it she
called River yeah
his middle names Rockets Oliver what is
your ultimate guilty-pleasure name I go
to my skills pleasure book Nadine I
really like the name Nadine but I would
never use it for my kid and I do like
the name Jamal but I would never use it
for wicked what are your most hated baby
names also Jamal yeah choose a baby name
based on a food or drink no you can't
call some you can't call your daughter's
sugar because all this Bob come kabob
column do you know what's a cool baby
food yes did anybody call them Apple I
just like the name Apple I think that is
actually really nice Apple is a nice
thing is that nice or a guy's gonna be
like ooh you know no that's if you call
them peach I'm gonna take a bite at
Apple what property boy this banana
choose a baby name based on a month
definitely June cuz I'm a June baby and
June loads of people called their girls
June anyway but for a boy he could be
August as the actual neighbors miss it
I can imagine a boy being called August
choose a baby name from a movie Chucky
choose a name that is already in your
family definitely Hasson I really love
the name Hasson but the only reason I
won't choose it for anything is because
it's really common and because my
brother's called Hassim but if I was
gonna choose one it would be Hasson hey
you guys that's it guys I hope you
enjoyed that video I'll let you know if
I ever get pregnant again and then we
can all look back at this video and see
if I actually stuck to any of these
names right so I'm gonna take two people
cuz that's all I can think of right now
technically Dahlia on YouTube and if she
sees this then she can do this because
she's got two kids and she does lots of
mummy stuff on her Channel that's really
interesting I'm gonna tag hacia from the
hybrid Channel because she's got two
boys with the names that I love and
basically she got there first with the
name nowhere Noah and Adam I would have
tagged Fleur but Louise is already
tagged Fleur divorced because she's
pregnant right now so that's just a
retag I suppose Fleur but that's it I
hope you doing that we did Thank You
Louise for tagging me I feel really
special I'll see you on my next video
till next time bye
