okay I've got a coffee here I mean way
more milk babes
put me a dash of whole full fat milk Syd
whether any nice background or anything
I haven't any nice plants you have a
radiator cop we have a plant
this looks dead bro yeah happy he needs
something in the background eating right
today's video I thought it would be a
good idea well actually said did
whatever I thought it would be good to
pretty much read some of the comments
that I have been getting recently on my
videos thanks to me being on the
trending page getting on the trending
page also means a rush of new audience
that have never maybe come across thing
before so it's always interesting to
read the comments after that as you can
tell on the title the theme of today's
comments will be terrorist-related bu 1
1 z lowercase X uppercase X says you
Gandhi build a bomb up there you got you
golly
how will you spell corn because he's
from somewhere hell did I tell you where
he's from ignorant land I don't know if
it's a question because you actually
didn't leave a question mark but just to
answer it I don't know see how I feel
see how muslimah retro spectra says take
that thing off your head and escape
before your man shakes you better take
that thing no it's alright girl drink
Beck says wait you're white but in
Muslim gear why listen girls drink back
you sound mind blown Islam is not a race
hangzhou says this man is not punishing
his woman for being confident
what blasphemy is this UFC underscore
says nice promoting a symbol of
oppression for the whole world to see
by the way s UFC it only became a symbol
of oppression because of people like you
that decided for us that was oppression
but we
the people who wear it never said this
was an oppressive piece of clothing it
was decided by a bunch of bastards the
joke I'm taking the pits I'm gonna get
sacked from the job that I don't have do
pixels Joe Byrne says nice to see a
suppressed woman on trending I think you
mean a press - fine you need suppressive
Kate Taylor says raghead that racket
didn't mean luckily she like a rat gone
yet if you think about it it is a right
sometimes you get expensive right
sometimes you get cheap ones on the
market I mean it depends what kind of
rug you go for but I guess you could
call it around LX St Power says Muslims
are not British simple you missed up a
comer by I helped you out there
otherwise it would have read Muslims are
not British simple what's the British
simple I have no idea but I guess I'm
not a British simple I think my passport
can argue with that right Joshua silent
Ferb said why does she have a curtain
wrapped around her head I don't have
curtains in this house
I have blinds and your blinders sure
anime is retarded commented that is
what's that called
onomatopoeia that was a little bit good
bit all about to be in there nice one
kebab commented saying is the bomb
hidden behind the pillow
so Bob then commented did she put a bomb
in the ice-cream Thomas
Shelby says can you blog your next
terrorist attack Muslim you know what
that'll probably make trending kids
nothing times seven says that title plus
the thumbnail made me think you're about
to suicide bomb someone so I'm gonna
suicide bomb someone else that doesn't
make sense
bitch a ninja said are you the one who
put that bomb on the tube in London if I
am then the police are doing a really
shite job grim up north 77 you're right
it's really chewy I'm up north in it
because your ass is there see you
haven't led to remove the rag from your
head brain-dead
yeah still on there you go don't be
there you little shit at first said your
bomb didn't work properly stop trying to
kill my people please
I don't even know what to say to these
people I literally don't know what to
say invisible ink says oh hello token
Muslim who's trending on YouTube what do
you think on today's serious attack in
the name of your religion I think that
the terrorist attack is not in the name
of my religion because I don't care what
anybody says my religion does teach
peace and unfortunately there are idiot
people who like to abuse that a little
bit like you know the KKK if you don't
have the brain cells to understand that
then next time you see me on trending
page I really advise you to show with
your comments I'm still on trending
bitch I hope this video gets on trending
anyway that's it guys I hope obviously
everybody can sense my sarcasm in some
of the reactions that me and say it had
if you can't then you clearly know
operate it anyway thanks for watching
this video I'll see you on my next one
till next time bye peace believe it or
not yeah hey
