morning guys back with another video me
and say it Oh blondie over here today
means they are spending the afternoon up
in the loft that is supposed to be
basically my future office slash creator
space war ever filming space I don't
even know we are attempting trying to
get started on the room because I
haven't actually done anything there
whatsoever it's not gonna be done today
so there's no actually gonna be a part
to potentially a part three but either
way you guys could follow the journey
and it's dark now I'm standing by the
bathroom and this is kind of what you
can see there is a mattress on the floor
there and an air bed set up because
these are this is where my brothers have
been sleeping whenever they've come over
and that's why it looks disgusting cuz
they are disgusting so far we just have
a table over there with a sewing machine
on it and some drawers my other dressing
table and then over here oh god we just
got everywhere man I'm gonna
organize these bin bags by the way this
is my old dressing table and in here we
still have like oh my god Hannah's baby
pictures I don't think I ever shared
these look this is Hannah's first gun I
think and this was her second scan how
nice look at me just sits there like
keep them safe in the corner and then
I've got this watch that's quite nice I
should open that with some bracelets
I'll be gossip 50p oh you don't have to
wrap the thing around Wow who else here
can never figure out blinds I'm in my
pajamas
so you know that's
while SIDS deflating I'm gonna hang up
some clothes I have on the trail because
I don't have a space out there for them
this airbed was fifty quid from Tesco
and it's so handy for when people come
to stay over for his stomach away
it's only just hit me how stressful this
is actually gonna be oh look what's out
on the floor Chaplin's hair that's
disgusting
by the way in this corner these are my
old IKEA drawers there's actually
nothing in these whatsoever but the plan
is to fill it up with makeup that I
don't wear all the time but I might need
for like makeup videos and stuff like
that yes it darling what is it blondie
do you like your hair before I think I
think it really suits him especially
since his balding it just blends in with
the scars Oh guys don't worry if you
want to know where I kind of got stuff
not that anything looks half decent in
here but just in case you spot anything
and you wonder where it's from one of my
future videos very soon is gonna be a
home furniture slash home where kind of
haul so I'm rich just can take you
around the house and tell you where I
bought a lot of things so not really not
really a house tool but more like a
furniture tall slash home accessory tall
maybe that will be coming up no not a
house tour because we're not really
showing the house it's just the stuff in
it haha either way this leopard print
vars I basically stole it from my
grandmother Judy and we've had it for
ages but unfortunately we can't put any
real flowers in there because she's got
a crack in the bottom I'm probably gonna
use it for umbrellas actually oh and by
the way I have to get something pretty
minging not uses but this area right
here the plan is for it to be a really
creative messy area so like underneath
my desk I'll have like fabric and things
that I want to like make things with or
I want a DIY down there as it is there's
another kind of door
so all along here is just storage and
let me take you in here real quick so
originally the idea in here was to turn
this into like a little den for Hannah
because it's already carpeted but so far
in the end it's literally just storage
so in that crate from Ikea is actually
loads more coats and jackets because I
just have nowhere to hang them up so and
I don't wear them all the time I only
get them out sometimes in the winter
they're not my everyday ones those are
my horse riding boots and my horse
riding hat oh yeah and in that tub
my wedding dress wow look how cared for
that is God this magazine holder I
bought from a charity shop probably
about six months ago and I actually
bought it thinking it was a really cool
bag and then my mom said Dena it's a
magazine holder that's why it's really
stiff and I was like oh well I'm gonna
use it as a bag anyway I might have been
using it as a bag and you know what it's
especially handy for a baby bag because
it doesn't lose shape so much space
aside and it hangs on the handle of a
pram really easily and you can let you
just get anything what are they
socks who stalks are they gross online
oh they better not be
oh that's gross I thought I'd keep it
here and maybe put like fake flowers in
it just as decoration and then I can
take them out whenever I actually want
to use it
so in these bin bags that sits just
brought over into this corner it's
actually lots of my makeup I think I'm
gonna sit here and go through these bin
bag and organize them into those drawers
and Sid what are you doing to put long
this wall here and the idea is that this
desk is for it to be where I kind of
will do my editing and I might feel
against its background because we're
gonna do like a feature wall maybe
anything but since gonna put that table
together so we'll show you it looks like
when is that they sent me an empty box
oh my Charlotte Tilbury
instant magic facials my sheet Mars I
never got to try
my blogosphere cover my six I can go
with these magazines my mini covers will
my god guys I came across this bag
almost six months ago I went to Hamburg
by myself to do a panel and I went into
like the equivalent that they have to
boots and I bought a bunch of German
branded makeup and I supposed to do a
video with it but I have clearly never
got around to it so this is all like
really really cheap German stuff it
looks pretty good don't you think let me
know if you actually want to see this
video every country I visited I kind of
really wanted to go and get makeup from
that country like literally made in that
country and I think Germany was the
first time I actually got around to
buying makeup just since us right here
next to my hair
that's the table and the chair
absolutely beautiful right now like it
wow that sounds so enthusiastic
Chaplin's come up here to see what we're
doing today on my desk so far those two
things and then on top of these drawers
I've let you just put the stuff that I
found I don't know how I'm raising
anything but it's just stuff you know
what's nice about this room is that if
I'm feeling stressed out I can just pick
my head out and look at the birds
okay guys for now we've decided that the
rail is gonna go there but I actually
don't want it to be there when the room
is finished because in this corner I
wanted to have like the magazine rack a
nice plant and then maybe like a small
chair just kind of like a chill corner
maybe you're filming corner when I want
to just do videos talking about stuff
here is gonna be my main work desk with
my laptop so in there is makeup looks
just just like some things I have and
then what we're gonna do is we are gonna
attach a rail from here to here because
then that gives me the option to
basically maximize my space so if I have
a rail there I can put clothes that I'm
about to like shoot with or whatever or
clothes I want to make alterations to
here but then when I'm done they could
either go to one side or maybe I won't
have clothes that it gives me options
this desk is gonna be like a little
vanity area so I'm gonna get like one of
those really typical mirrors with the
bulbs on the side literally like a
makeup area so that could also be an
option to fill
so I'm give myself one two three four
potential backgrounds to film as well as
my sewing background so if we close the
door kind of I could potentially sit and
have my sewing area because there's
gonna be like fun creative stuff on the
walls here I can have this area also as
a background so that's potentially five
little corners to film with but at the
same time it's also making the room very
very useful like I'm actually gonna be
using all corners
so basically Sid's gonna start like
nailing some things that we have to put
my stationery in so like this that's
like gonna go up on the wall I'll put my
scissors and like pencils and then my
sewing machine is gonna stay more on
this side by the way the sewing machine
is a piece but I happen to know I had to
buy it really really quickly from Argos
just to do some quick alterations or
something but later on I'll get myself a
decent one that's it's so far I don't
think we're gonna have time to do much
more than Sid just like nailing some
stuff onto the walls I'm gonna leave the
video here I will see you in part 2 of
the transformation of this room bear in
mind we've been moved into this house
now for over two months and we just get
inspired on this that's how long it
takes
never mind getting started on SIDS
office downstairs all right that'll be a
whole other series but he'll do that on
his channel anyway I hope you enjoyed
this video till next time
it's begun guys no but now
