morning guys I dyed my hair went gray
again I missed the gray too much the
blonde was getting a bit not suiting me
anymore anyway I haven't blogged for the
past week guess what happens all of last
week basically today's Tuesday last
Tuesday
Mika went for his circumcision yes did
the plasti Bell technique which I regret
I'm honest with you but the only person
in Cardiff liked to do it only does that
techniques they kinda had to do it
um but anyway the plasti bells finally
dropped off basically we've had a week
of a bit of help of him being quite
uncomfortable with it as well as being
very very very colicky so annoying and
he's colicky cuz hannah was also very
very colicky and I thought you know
breastfed babies wouldn't get colicky
but Hanna was breastfed exclusively for
a whole year she was incredibly colicky
and Mika is formula baby also incredibly
colicky so you can't win anyway so today
we're going for his circumcision checkup
it's finally falling off and shot at
Lois the rest will heal well we've been
bathing him and so uh what is with the
light mm-hmm stresses me out when I'm
carrying a baby like focus and we've
been bathed
it's just focusing on my back we've been
bathing him in salt water twice a day
past week and we have to carry on but
anyway thank God that week's over and
that's over and done with he's one month
old today is one month old no not today
sorry tomorrow
no sorry tomorrow is his one-month old
anniversary because he's born on a
Wednesday but very early on Wednesday
said tomorrow and yes
so in the last vlog I told you we might
buy that horse well we bought the horse
so we've got another little man in the
family he's called Sam the horse and I
also wrote him twice and I think it was
too soon to write post-pregnancy because
I did me back in and now my back is in
absolute agony like I'm pregnant again
which is a bit annoying so I've been
taking ibuprofen and I need to do back
strengthening exercise and Sid got these
new changes
he's waiting here like are you gonna
show my new change because I would I
don't want to take him off anymore by
the way I went to Morrison's to do a
food shop and I was like yo Morrison's a
sick man like they've got different
things and they've got really nice baby
clothes so I picked up a bunch of mica
clothes Oh
in other news this morning for baby for
this Thursday because there's another
two weeks left of the deadline to
register the baby and the name hold on I
need to put me to more comfortably a
second was I saying yeah so this morning
I said sideo we're going to reach him on
Thursday bro so it's Tuesday
if you want to change the name up and
that's the deadline and basically so I
really love the name mica I really do I
love it I do I love it I think it's so
nice but for some reason it just hasn't
clicked with me like Hanna's name just
click the students we gave Hanna Hanna
it just clicked and it's stuck and I was
calling her Hannah and nicknaming her
and proper chain but for some reason
mika hasn't clicked and I don't know if
that's because I'm so occupied with
Hannah and Mika at the same time or what
but there's just something in the back
of my head and here that's telling me
rethink this decision so me and said
this morning were like why don't we give
him a double-barrelled name so that we
can have the option to try both out but
also he when he's older can have the
option either to be mica or whatever the
other name is right so I think we are
definitely gonna do double bar along
with it can you be careful cuz you're
carrying him
we definitely double barrel only said we
just don't know what the double barrel
is because the thing is if you watch my
videos from before I even gave birth to
Hannah I said in those I'm pretty sure I
did anyway I said in those videos if I
ever have a boy I want to I want to call
him no I do I know now it's become quite
typical thing with the name Noah is its
Islamic also it's a it's a quite a
universal name for like all the
religions but it's also easy on the
tongue for the mandem who are non-muslim
because you got to think about your kids
in school you don't think I'm at least
so it's quite it's a very very good name
Noah right and it also sounds nice and
Arabic Noah
but anyway so originally I did want to
call him Noah but then I just felt like
it was rinsed a little bit
sounds like a we're not gonna go for
Noah although I still love it wait but
some of you guys noticed in my blog in
my vlogs before I gave birth on a piece
of paper I'd written yeah yeah
Carn so yeah yeah isn't one of my
all-time favorite names and I always
dreamed I'd have a boy Kalia here I also
love the name Allie love it I also love
the name Adam by the way I also love the
name Sammy which is Ted's brother's name
but he butchered that by called himself
Sami when Ashley should be Sammy I also
have named Sammy I was in love the name
Isaac Oh Isaiah or Elijah I also loved
the name his shame but Sid hate that
name um so anyway I also love the name
Musa so anyway we're thinking about
these things just to give him an option
but also just in case Kiki I was gonna
call him Kiki in case Kiki doesn't click
in case Miko doesn't click you know I
was just doing to test out I was holding
him I was going Myka do you love me are
you right and then I was like Annie do
you love me I was like Annie doesn't see
that so we cap it why is that what we're
going for here if it fits at a Drake
song not but we'll update you because
I'm vlogging this week and we're going
to the registry place on Thursday but we
have to find our marriage certificate
before we go I don't know whether ll is
which is terrible come on you guys if
you want to know the color I've showed
you this before of my hair it's this
crazy color graphite about four four of
these mixed with two squirts of natural
black mixed with two squirts of hot
purple color which is upstairs that's
the color I got you that's kind of the
mix I did to get this shade okay so
there you go we just came out of his
checkup Wow my face is getting choppy
already
oh no I'm having terrible memories of
Hannah
after Hannah was born in in that one
year of her first year of life and I
really let myself get Johnny anyway I'm
having it jeez jeez a mushroom toasty
from Costa dr3 we had the check up and
handling everything's healing well thank
God because that was just the worst week
ever
I'm delays he's okay and the baby dies
and I'll be going to our peer box to
pick up some mail it's got him I'm
having me toasty which is probably got
like 20,000 calories in it but days go
the plan for the rest of the day is
fill my labor and delivery video I just
like reply to emails on that oh I think
we're just gonna go to Morrison's as
well guys we're back I just put on a top
and like wrap the turban a bit neatly
and I'm really into wearing earrings are
odd why do I do that
I don't know that's just pure boredom
anyway I'm ready to fill my labor
delivery video I was gonna do like a
full face of makeup I was like now I'll
just put mascara on because I got my
lashes perm last week as well so put a
bit on this collar on it and I what's it
filled in my brows after the longest
time ever I'm just gonna sit right there
well look Hannah's nappies right there
naima sit right there and just film
right oh my pregnancy pillow hi there of
course guys I didn't show you but this
month
um Bogue the pembers issue wrong with
bad gallery on the front it's got me in
it on page I don't know what page but
this is what it looks like see I bought
two of them you see because I need to
take a picture it's a feature and
basically exclusive feature that vogue
has for my book modestly which is right
here yeah by the way guys not long till
it's out out in September September 20th
insha'Allah and we pretty much have
almost just finalized like book event
slash signings for September where I'll
be like doing a bit of traveling in the
week and to come and meet you guys who
have bought the book and a chance for
you guys to get a signed copy yay also
Edward the editor-in-chief at Vogue
shared it on his Instagram page he also
sent me a little notes in the post
saying dear Dena I really enjoyed your
future thank you and I hope to meet you
soon
obviously I put that on Instagram and
said hope to meet you soon too ed
Sheeran any joke you by the way I don't
think I've ever shown you like a sneak
peek of the inside so I'll just flick
through quickly for you just really
quickly that's all I'm allowed to do
just really really quick hold on are you
ready
well guys I just cooked our dinner for
tonight and
is a lamb and bulgur wheat dish that I
followed a recipe for hellofresh I was
just taking a picture for Instagram by
the way and by the way it's not an ad I
know loads of people work with hella
fresh but I'm actually not working with
them I just thought I'd try it because
I've seen some people work with it and I
found that I love it and it means I get
to cook without hating it so much so it
really works and although I have emailed
them to try and collaborate seeing as
I'm using it anyway but this is the meal
I made fruity Lebanese lamp so hopefully
we'll work this is the current mess
situation I made it unless you like an
hour so quite shelf gotta go pick up
Hanna got to take that picture first
then stick it in the microwave so that
it doesn't get ruined guys by the time I
got home and I was asleep we were
starving since she woke up with eight
and we absolutely demolished that dish
we completely finished it when normally
there'd be a few leftovers for the next
day but we ate all of it is a very
successful meal snicker crying right now
he's getting his nappy changed I've been
peed on by baby for the first time he
literally peed all over me twice in a
row Choji Choji the bear everyone knows
his name
except he's a cat I am Kim I'm making a
for making I'm making this chicken
pillar with Herbie chili yogurt this is
gonna go to basketball later we're gonna
pick up Hannah then I'm on me on with
the kids tonight which is a scary
thought
it really is voice fine in it yeah I
need to buy a wooden spoon and my momma
might come over as well after she's
finished at the stables with her new
little horsey Sam guys the past hmm
since Thursday night basically today is
Sunday little Mika has basically been
admitted into hospital because of a
horrible stomach infection pretty much
she's been here since Thursday night and
I don't know when he's getting out but
hopefully it would all be over soon so
so guys just a little backstory maybe
I'm in the hospital now Oh what I was
basically after his belly button
cold thing fell off when he was newborn
a few days after it fell off it got a
bit red and you know swollen I took him
to the doctors and they gave me an
antifungal spray to use on him until it
goes down and it went down really quick
so it's just like a regular lil
basically just had a small bellybutton
honey out from the cord falling off
right so anyway he went down after like
two days really quick and then the next
day we booked his circumcision so he had
his circumcision and anyway since his
circumcision
he just seems to have I have had like a
really bad belly but means to put it
down to colic like because I had a had
colic and like digestive problems you
know you could you could see him
clenching and are in pain hold on let me
change his formula we tried fennel seed
recommendation like we tried a lot and
that was he was basically that bad for
like over a week so it was quite
stressful that week but I literally put
it down to colic because Hanna had it
and I was just like it's the new boy
phase you know and all this and also
remember his belly button
looked totally healthy and totally fine
there's nothing wrong with it had it had
healed like it'd gone down and looked
healthy right so anyway on Thursday
remember that Sunday on Thursday I went
to pick up Anna from nursery and I got a
call from said no I didn't get
conferences I called said and I I don't
know I have to tell him something anyway
and then he was like anyway listen and
get home because as soon as you gain
we're taking Mika to the GP because I
just changed he just changed him and
noticed that I think as he was changing
him his bellybutton basically like it
was using past I'm just like oh my god I
need to be with Hannah but then I really
am just my body is like yearning to be
with makeup because he's only four weeks
old like when I went back home yesterday
for one night which is the first time
I've left him it's the first time I've
left him my way the first time he's been
away from me but it's also the first
time I left him since he's been here
when hostel he honestly I'm not even
breastfeeding guys but my boobs swelled
up and I was I had some crazy anxiety
last night I can't sleep and my whole
body is like itching I can only guess
from stress and so yeah oh my god the
anxiety I felt last night was like
nothing I've ever felt in my life so
it's crazy
mother nature it's been quite stressful
because obviously and also work stuff
next week guys it's the worst thing ever
to see your newborn baby having to have
like the needle in his hand and like
he's all connected up to the anti
antibiotic like drip or whatever they
call and honor the way they never bloody
yeah but so good that's why I felt
really anxious than that
yesterday at home without him for the
first time he's not at home so he's had
been born I was just like he's only four
weeks he he should be at home with us
but he's in hospital actually so sad I
really feel for people who have to go
through that with their babies or their
children and Hospital you never think
anything like that could ever happen to
you what's your children man do I feel
for people don't know if I'm gonna put
this in the blog because wealthy I
probably will go so I bloody do I share
too much I do I really do they're
seagulls the walk past this hospital
window and it's really funny because
back from the hospital but we've got to
give him antibiotics
who is birth morning guys
so today choose yeah Tuesday so Mika has
been home since yesterday they all of a
sudden decided to discharge him because
basically during the night on Sunday
night they tried to change his thing
where the drip goes but to his foot
which they did but then they were
haven't it was just having trouble like
working so and they couldn't find
another place to do it and I said was
there that night and apparently was
quite stressful putting it try and get
in different places of his body so they
decided to stop because he was just too
painful for him so in the end they
giving him the rest of the antibiotics
orally till Friday
so he's home coz we can do that I home
obviously in his shoulder with his good
today he's busy morning got to come to
nursery near Mika got to then we've got
people coming from The Times
to do an interview um with book stuff in
it as well which is exciting and then
straight after that I got to go to a
recording studio to start recording the
audio book it was supposed to happen
yesterday but they actually cancelled
which is good timing because I was too
stressed out to even think about that so
we're starting it today before the book
so that's exciting needs to get in the
zone need to get my voice saw it to read
this so yeah that's what's happening
this morning I need to change the
battery oh hey
not pregnant person guys I've just put
mica on this little Matt's taking a nice
cute picture of him I just realized I've
barely dressed this kid again I've
barely dressed him in cute little
clothes he's just been in white baby
girls I feel so bad but it's just been
so hectic especially at the hospital
over the last five days but how cute is
this Mika is asleep in his bouncer
actually in this vlog I want to talk
about my headscarf and my modesty and
all that stuff in general hey Jeb you
know all that stuff when I say hey Jeb
like this because people take the
weather and they use it for just head
covering and then and then they then
confuse the head covering some Muslim
women decide to wear and Jewish women
and all that stuff they take the head
covering
as the be-all and end-all of hejab so I
don't like to use that word but I do use
it every now and then to describe it
because it's so well known it's so
recognized with that word amongst people
worldwide not even just Muslims so
sometimes you do have to use that word
basically I started off vlogging with
the sole purpose to demonstrate fashion
and give alternative choices to how to
dress with it those of you guys who have
been there from beginning you'll know
that the reason I've struggled a lot
with wearing a scarf is because I've
been wearing one every day since I was
even at 3 a.m. if I just need to pop to
the supermarket just like I've been
quite rigid with it in terms of covering
my head
and obviously the appearance of it has
changed over years and years bla bla bla
and I've basically taken that pressure
off myself sometimes I feel like wearing
it sometimes I don't feel like wearing
it the headscarf is part of my religion
but also ingrained in me because of my
culture and it's just what I've known so
I could never let that go completely and
what I found is like by not wearing it
sometimes when I've come to put it on
again and wear it with my clothes
instead of resenting it so much I'm
starting to enjoy it again do you know I
mean I'm starting to not resent wearing
the scarf as much because I think I've
taken that pressure off myself I have
just driven to the place where we're
doing the audiobook recording so I'm
gonna head in there now but I'll flash
to the stuff because of the interview
with that we just did at home with the
tines I was just non-stop talking for a
whole hour
I just don't shut up do i anyway he
looked at me like way toward the camera
but I am gonna basically Wow that's what
I want to tell you guys can we just one
minute talk about fourth trimester
cravings I just ate half of this packet
the only reason I stopped eating is
because I got here as well so I'm gonna
carry on in the rest of the half on the
way home
just filing Mika's fingers guys because
I remember I used to bite Hannah's
fingernails off but I'm finding it
difficult with him so anyway I found
these baby nail files which do the job
if he's asleep playroom thing and good
morning anyway and so I want to tell you
guys about my book just basically
finalized dates for the book tour so the
meet and greets or whatever you want to
call them the book signings Monday 17th
of September I'll be in Manchester and
it will be an evening event in
conversation with me if you read the
description of this video I'll put the
link for the Manchester event Birmingham
event London etc and because you have to
book tickets for all of them to make
sure that you can get in and
everything's organized and safe etc etc
so I'll be on stage talking with like a
host and you guys will get a chance to
ask me loads of questions it's gonna be
like one big nice conversation probably
quite an intimate event then we'll do
like a meet in Greece last selfie
session and signing the books Tuesday
the 18th of September will be just a
book signing event in Birmingham in WH
Smith link for that below come and get
your book get it sorry and probably a
picture and little conversation with me
I can't help but not shot so anyway so
Wednesday is nothing but Wednesday I'll
be home basically rejuvenating and then
Thursday I'll be going to London for
another in conversation with event which
will be Rio Dalston cinema in London
Thursday the 20th of September that will
be another intimate event so I don't do
a lot of meet and greets basically and
this is the whole week of meet and
greets and it would be good to do well
to meet as many of you guys as possible
so well so think of saying mmm I can't
remember but what I do know is that um
is that I just wanted to sit here and
tell you about that and I'm really
excited about it and yeah hopefully I'll
see you guys during that week all the
details will be below anyway so yeah
okay guys mavin a banana anyway like I
said we're preparing for a challenge
video wait give me your back we're doing
a challenge video right and we just we
blow so much over the years guys the
video that we're doing is sponsored by a
brand which is a sick collaboration for
us I'm so going to be a really fun video
cuz the challenge but what we've learned
over the years we're collaborating with
brands is like make sure no other brands
are showing the video tip X is it tip X
a bit like tip X yeah rubbing out their
logo on the whipped cream love say it's
going to pick up Hannah I've got
actually bridge on while I'm preparing
some light food for me and Hannah got
this one in the courier I just went to
supermarket to pick up The Times
Magazine
because I'm in it Here I am on the x and
then if you open it up you'll find this
magazine The Times magazine with the
lovely Danny Dyer on the front there and
then if you turn the page love there's a
five-page yes what's 3 pounds oh thank
you not my card did you sign your card
I'll sign it oh thank you okay fine so
if you turn to page okay so guys if you
turn the page basically look it's your
girl
it's your yeah thank you for my tomato
toes
Luque it's the biggest feature I've ever
ever had and it's in The Times Magazine
and it's 5 pages and it's sick there's
basically the interview I did with Julia
Llewellyn so is it Julia who Ellen said
yeah Julia Llewellyn Smith I don't know
what I'm saying that in a world has some
anyway she came over to our house and
then if thoughtful came over and shot
pictures this picture was thinking by
they loved it lovely Alicia anyway we
did a huge interview which is basically
because of my clip coming out on 20th of
September thank you Oh pizza pie you
might want my 1 pound my pence yeah
thanks my first tomato soup ok so anyway
basically is because my bets coming out
guys and my sister my dad and me
obviously a my mom and basically yes
it's really juicy there's loads of like
quotes in there from the book there's
loads of stuff from my blog in there
there's loads of just interview stuff
that we did together it's a really
really good read and I am well chuffed
with it guys
well chuffed so oh you can also read it
online so go ahead do that aren't UTC's
here with me to see I think this is the
first time you held him you hold the
mask on you can this is the second time
you see anymore third time third time
she's seen him can you believe it my
interest sister's only seen my second
kid three times when Hannah came she was
basically obsessed I don't actually like
this baby girl I want to make baby girls
mad I wasn't gonna vlog but I thought I
haven't dressed up in so long
so anyway I'm going to wedding here's my
outfit I'm wearing the Sun is Inger
dress that I've had for years and never
got chance to wear and then this H&M
skirt and then just this H&M top
underneath okay anyway guys I realized
that I didn't actually film an ending so
me saying bye over the top of me posing
yay I mean thanks for watching okay bye
