morning guys I've got a meeting this
afternoon so I said you know was it open
meeting to do this since I read in the
newspaper we're going to Selfridges to
try the 100-pound billionaire's
soft-serve ice cream and it's not
because we like loaded or anything and
we got money to spend on underpant I
scream no we really don't
Shirley for the sake of YouTube content
I love a bit of ice cream so let go ice
cream pack number one ice cream is soft
ice cube fact number two ice cream is
cold ice cream factory I'm number three
ice cream is made of ice and cream okay
guys here's the deal this is what
happens so basically we went to central
London too late we didn't anticipate how
long it would take
basically I've gotta go to this meeting
is that facing so in the next scene you
will see us eating ice cream by then
by
this is the villainous officer its
melting really quick we're only the 19th
customer by the way we customer number
19 yeah we're not even eating there I
know the caramel mainly
that's been tweeting rain is my granny
by quite likely
don't even go long
go taste like go down over your fingers
hey you deal
like gold and ice cream kind of grainy
do I try the diamonds on the macaroon
macaron is that literally edible para
nice diamond little time
Oh
salsa quiz it don't
okay what was this looks like juice me
can I
I guess they're absolutely but up it is
giving birth to something is talking
over the water cycle in it
second egg Oh mango
that's literally filming
she wouldn't a bit should've allowed us
to review Jamal interest rate and
there's another one
chocolates amazing
I've been really annoyed if you didn't
like any partners my screen right now
this is a good I spent the night tonight
over
I feel like we should buy the bottle
medical juicer
Oh
what did you do it that's what's left
the 99 pound ice cream no no also this
do we really just spend a hundred pounds
on ice cream cone
it's a bit like 50 quid each yeah guys I
had to buy a massive pretzel can I just
feel like a nice well that is a big
question yeah I need something like
ready and savoury after that so Bailey's
got the ice cream is it tastes lovely
however I would not buy it again buy it
if I was a regular if I wasn't doing the
YouTube video I'm glad to tried it
because it's off the list
to be honest I can't fault the flavor of
the ice cream except for the dark
chocolate on the cone but that's just
cuz I don't like dark chocolate so I
really enjoyed it to be fair but it is a
bit steeper than pouncer then again
obviously it's tea yeah obviously it's
like a is it kind of like made for
attention any more customers come just
to buy the regular ice cream which is a
great publicity move obviously so good
on them to be fair that's it guys I hope
you enjoyed that video let me know if
you want me to try anything else that's
crazy and outlandish in London make sure
you like to subscribe see you on my next
one
