what time did you wake up guys it's
Sunday and basically me GT and Mama are
going into central London to do better
shopping and we're going for afternoon
tea - tea managed to book last minutes
table yes but I've been to before we
said and that you've actually seen it
and I'm really old blog but we're going
again I'm taking you with me and we're
going without the boy there's gonna be
great
also we're leaving Hanna with the boys
wait what time did you wake up Hanna you
still haven't had a little busy but just
at the platform with me mom waiting for
the train let in quiet we're very loud
then we're gonna meet to see there are
you excited by afternoon tea mama Carol
really excited this is like Mama's worst
nightmare but I mean cheese he loved it
so I like it
do you notice them I got one eyebrow up
and one down Oh God matron mama look
can you see mine yeah there and yours
are there and I don't play about with my
I get it off you know know we've got
lopsided faces but it is anyway Joanne
see mom's out today yeah you do as you
 from love John Lewis Mama's jeans
like on every Instagram outfit and then
mom's doing some different day she's
wearing a clutch bag this is mine from
dr. Baker's ages ago
hi oh we can tell I said I just bought
something from manga guys Mama's not
impressed with the shop though
why'd you run that is really nice
bandana
rat boots earrings but it'll send them a
single earring wait for like 16 pounds
for one thing go just in clearing things
out up here and then people can decide
if they want to wear it singly or not
and walk around for an hour or more
shopping then good opportunity otherwise
otherwise where you won't want to eat
the afternoon tea boots oh by the way I
also packed some bites crisps in my bag
now see
there is no the
bye he calls guys waiting for mama mamas
in there we're here guys we got to
sketch we'll show you a home please tell
me you're vlogging yeah we can't have
the same content do you see one day I
should blog like you and you should look
like me you know what's really annoying
about cameras in this most reason you
look ok then when you put it up on a big
screen it's like I actually think I look
like on the small screen then the
big screen I'm like oh really I'm gonna
believe it we have what was the source
he said to Z I don't know but there's a
poached yolk in there then you've got
cheesy soldiers and then you got a bit
of caviar looks like a
we are just having tea and it's like
every dirty
we monk Android is quite squishy so
packed with absolute ease catches on
with no packs and she keeps getting
margin look this is my blogging boy
let's just shoot a picture in the famous
toilet waiting for an egg for this I
have a picture in this little already
seized found one they take the picture
of me mom found a loo that doesn't think
what mother was to take a picture make
fun
yes well okay
oh my god
locks
that's how I'll be weak though I just
didn't do it first time means it came he
said Dina do you want me to make you one
of these chairs and I said yes when I'm
still waiting Pinter do it with this
beautiful piano just in the hallway I
need that in my office I'm gonna need
that last are their mothers Jew to do
cease black guys coffee to cease got
this house although we will have to take
our shoes off which obviously is a
normal house rule this time just bear in
mind she doesn't take the shoes off when
she comes to mind but anyway she's the
one losing because my guys 20 pounds
that's the hood we both stay but
basically you know this jacket that
means you see both have from cause to
seize got in green I've got a navy they
now have it in black so I'm gonna put it
in black there's a few differences so
like a back of it isn't as long but it's
still wicked so I bought that today from
cause and I bought real nice puffy back
from mango but I'll show you I guess
actually uh basically oh for God's sake
I just want to tell her behind I just
want to tell you that we have decided to
go guys guys look to see this is what
just happened
TC basically fell on me and Perry caught
on camera we've decided that we don't
have a curfew cause it's ID outing and
we are gonna go for a roast dinner and
then we're gonna go home but I haven't
told Cydia and I think he's gonna be
like so you don't come home now what you
do guys is pretty free thing and I'm
excited for winter but I've got to
Dominic and to see basically he's new to
blogging isn't she she's in one of those
zones where like every single moment she
has to stand in a corner take a picture
by the way that's not true oh by the way
that's actually very true t it's
actually not true because all day we've
been filming vi√±as every day Gina's like
we just did it in the crowd or now you
liar yeah yeah the last five minutes
mother's like I feel like she's really
old I feel like everybody who's done
YouTube who's done it now and anybody
who joins it's just like probably
because Mama's Analysis to youtube and
I'm time mama it's only just begun
Mama's advice to to see when she want to
start was like TC have a message what is
it you want to put up their energy C and
using citations to be a travel blogger
this is my old car music boy who ever
got married and now it's time Harry I'm
their first year marriage just just
going down in the family and it really
just gets passed down when you support
have to get married they all have it as
their first marriage car isn't that
right Perry do you like this car one
thing we didn't tell them when they go
to office is it doesn't have AC so in
the summer they're poor
these prices
No
is not feasible
you can be
Jane and maintained with a growing
family rates in it easy
London's a rat race
this is the bag that I got from mango I
baladi love it I'm really into this
color right now these beautiful earrings
look how stunning they are they're so
lightweight and cheap cheaply made from
H&M but they're only ten pound and
basically I've got a few photo shoots
that I need some mat accessories for so
these are perfect and then I bought
these fluffy earrings obviously to go
with the bag Dean kind of tussle earring
trend has been around for ages now and
it's probably gonna die out soon but
can't but I can't help myself
really I just can't I love this kind of
thing with like hoodies and baggy jeans
and then just like pointy shoes that is
my thing go I'm good guys we've got Ida
Stanley back there but it literally took
like an hour anyway we're gonna sleep I
said guys I'm gonna end the vlog so
thanks for watching and I'll see you in
my next one
til next time over and out over and out
