it's been a long time since he saw
stayed on my channel since he saw anyone
on my channel actually what we do do
they sit we're doing as you can see
there's baby food on the table
so it's the baby food challenge
challenge challenge Anna is far from
eating baby food now she fully just eats
our food
yes she eats a bit too much apartment
doesn't is this bringing you back
memories
ha no just going let's start with Kara
gates cauliflower cheese obviously if
you want to feed a baby you know you you
don't have to give it cold like or just
room temperature you could you could
heat up a bit and let them enjoy their
food you need a bit of help with that
who it's pooi
isn't that just lovely ready
that's literally dough do you see that
was warm that's not bad it literally
tastes like someone must cauliflower and
tiny more than cheese a mustard water
put water on it that's it organic
Mediterranean vegetables with uber jeans
why this has got vegetables the smell
gets the back of your you know that just
smells like tomorrow soup oh oh that's
very jelly like it sure that that you
know it's like congealed and I hate the
word congeal
one two three tastes like when mom is
made couscous and no one's eating there
she's put it in the fridge and you eat
it the next morning cold at first it's
really disgusting but then the flavor is
it no it's not that's actually not bad
kind it would barely eat baby oh here go
so you try spaghetti with tomatoes and
mozzarella have you noticed a lot of it
is all the same color it's either beige
or bright orange
yeah I think they hey ready oh that's
pretty Ming in that that doesn't taste
like when you make spaghetti with you
know this cheese obviously filling
fishbone Alice kitchen
fabulously filling fish pie with parsley
one two three go
I would actually heat that up and I
would eat that now on me but I will yes
every time I try hammer with Ella's
kitchen I would end up yeast
onions butter parsley pepper corners
great any poo in there who that aren't
you meant to squish the packet before we
do that that's why it's all liquidy when
this come on it's obviously you're not
everything goes at the bottom I know
what you thinking - thinking what a dick
you're gonna square maybe that's a bad
idea putting these dangly things up
we're gonna do these three sweet ones
now literally looks like the cat just
did sing and we move in the stakeout did
what did you see did you wanna see food
in here is literally organic prunes 100%
nothing else okay
I asked Hannah also like are you ready
she's like yeah now they go are you sure
and then I go 100% and she was 100%
sometimes she skips everything and I
just go are you sure she goes honey
honey listen
she's just cute thank you you sound
upset she goes I said
is it that bad it's so strong it's so
much believe that there now spit
everywhere you don't help you like crazy
good
this one's been constipated for one rice
pudding with apple and pear it's just so
much really just when I've had mice
living as a kid that is not the
consistency screen it's really nice okay
last thing it's like pasty scrambled
eggs
why are babies complaining Oh suck it up
your food is sick so I'm pleasantly
surprised what about you yeah though
it's all gonna be nasty a lot of them
what would you have again I would have
Ellis kitchen fish pie I definitely want
to have that optimal porridge and rice
pudding that's it guys I hope you
enjoyed this little baby food video it
tells it I would like to have another
baby because he won't actually let me
have one right now I'm not the one
having the baby don't you want no one
like another one another one like a buy
one get one free yeah anyway thanks for
watching until next time
if I it's all no no thanks
