hi guys so I am back with another oh I
bought everything again from a source it
was is like my favorite most accessible
place to shop on the planet it's time
I'm going to be trying Kings on for you
I've actually already tried the first
thing and it's it where it makes me look
like I'm nine months pregnant but it's
fine because I still enjoy wearing this
kind of thing well I'm not pregnant and
I know when I do get pregnant again if I
get pregnant again
inshallah I know I can just go boom-boom
also I must apologize in advance because
I know for the next probably up until
around September time my videos are
going to be very very spontaneous try
and upload as much as I can and be as
consistent as possible but have a really
really really huge project that I my
deadlines for is literally September so
there's also that but I really need to
concentrate on so you guys know the
reason why I might be a little bit
quieter than usual thumbnails on
September back to the hall the first
thing I got is this Navy shake and it's
called a soft white of course I get
everything from exile but I love listen
it off right everything else so I
haven't actually tried on so we see my
kind of reaction on come up way anyway
let me get up to show you know Allah
Allah it creeped it quite easily
unfortunately but I mean if that kind of
freely sled hide all the slabs file
literally when I see it can be very
unflattering but you can adjust adjust
it kind of thing I like to have as every
day in my wardrobe well throw it on with
jeans any shoes and you can dress it up
you can dress it down you can make it a
really really eccentric outfit or you
could make it really simple and minimal
so a that's why I think I got into sales
for 40 pounds all the links for all the
clothes I bought will be a description
guide so you could just click and have a
look for yourself by the way this is a
size 8 this is a size 8 I bought this
tiny because I knew it is supposed to be
that really big oversized kind of thing
let's get it yeah Bobby
without further ado this is a brand
called London rebel but they're on a
sauce
I bought these what they called it
galvanize it looks like galvanized you
know when they do govern I steal the tin
it looks like that effect but paint and
their loafers basically fringed laufen I
always go for loads of meetings and I'm
always on hold always to a meeting come
you know it's labeled meeting but really
they're like fashion related or they're
bloggers related I was in meetings I go
to are really laid-back meeting so I
don't actually have to look smart but I
do want to look do and look presentable
our on do it one makes a good first
impression so I thought that kind of
brings the smartness but also brings the
fun of Deena Intel literally any outfit
I've always been into metallics actually
whether they're you know no I don't care
I just think they make great accents to
outfit relax with all that what opposed
welcome oh I'm not Cinderella yeah would
you be doing from the same brand we have
these slick on white pointed shoes I
love pointy flat I really really love
them but they're the kind of shoe that I
buy very very regularly and get rid of
very very regularly they're cheaper
shoes I know I'm going to be probably
rocking these this summer if the quality
is good I'll be keeping these and
bringing them out every summer cuz it's
just a classic style I don't always like
getting my toes out and sometimes toe
out file shoes though they just don't go
with the outfit changes are look at the
outfit a lot I'm really into the look
where you've got pointy little slips at
the end some people don't like it I'm a
massive fan of that I have a look at
when you watch you look like it
with me past but happening
okay next we have these epic that style
trainers and they're from brand called
lock X on a sauce look at them look at
it me Wimbledon vibes or what we also
has quite like I don't know like IT
technical voice I might anyone who gets
that do you get that vibe from these
users like it looks like the wiring of
inside of a laptop next up we have these
epic Turk Tiger slip-on they were in the
sale as well when you've got something
like neither to go to and you really
don't want to do the heel but you still
want the effective heel so like that
kind of more desktop vibe I just go
through this kind of shoe and I get it
instantly so love these they just add so
much less to your leg and then in turn
they slim out your legs a lot you know
when you like to watch movies and they
get a gold brick block but there's a
gold brick mold it into shoes yeah cause
I'm so steady with the camera this is
all hand held no gimbal action this get
me behind a clock until you begin
tumblr is shooting like the Potter is
I'm a parrot anus nice forever leader or
address whatever I'd get these superstar
slip-ons
I really love when trainers don't have
an obvious branding on them perfect with
anything summer vibes you know I just
love stripy tees boyfriend jeans fresh
white trainers nice and then like a nude
scarf
you know don't one mate you know don't
one oh yeah Tex Kalani are you going to
listen this is what happens when he's a
size too small
Deana everybody knows what those are for
I've had an epiphany it's like those
articles on BuzzFeed ooh
10 things you didn't know what they were
for this is stick your finger on and get
your heel in everybody knows everybody
knows my gosh it's gonna be so much
easier right
what's this what's this don't look at me
mosquito bites now but look at that what
I thought working broken with her oh
look at your man that makes my life so
much easier
what yellow glue stain no no you're
looking saying that's not good hey 50
gray :
perfect secret get a yellow glue on it a
house kind of pajama slash lounge set
which I thought is really cool I really
feel like doing a hole or a pajama
collection video I feel like nobody
talks about pajamas not so make up your
pajamas because I love pajamas I could
buy pajamas all day mate so that's an
idea you want seen the PJs or me house
clothes so this is basically just a nice
stripy red top
I could really actually wear this out
and do a layering job on it I could with
these cute little shorts I say little
but look at the size on that waist love
what so what is your shoulders size the
width of my shoulders isn't it yeah why
hits the Joneses yes yes chose it away
Oh biggest thing I'm yet to try thought
I'm not going to try it on for you guys
on camera obviously oh and then I got
this which I love right kind of like is
the style and the fit of a sweatshirt
but it's not a sweatshirt it's like a
really light chiffon polyester maybe and
it's not that nice classic floral print
you know what I love about it the color
combo my plan is to wear this with like
a silver pleated midi skirt don't get me
coach I'm not getting across but that's
a good top when people disc women with
small boobs they say you've got mosquito
bites how did it why definitely dollars
go 14 dragonfly bikes then I bought this
I love to join the startup guide so I
bought this pajama shirt right they also
have trousers to match it so you could
actually go online and get the
coordinated set it's actually lines
though so it's more of a really
lightweight summer jacket than just a
shirt feel like you could dress it up
and down it could be so casual I feel
like these kind of things are quite
flattering on me I love those pastels is
dusted kind of pastels I feel like they
really really suit me skin torn
especially want to do that collar on the
edge really like it I'm holding it's
looking problems putting on some
underneath for you and you know I'm all
about that rawness I should love life
yeah are you spinning okay next up we
have this bright orange totally out of
the box i term sadena to pick up
actually in fact i feel like it's more
of a to see thing my sister feel like
she might pick this up she's robably
gonna comment going oh no wouldn't so
it's a silky top that you tie up at the
back and then just leave I'll loose with
a nice structured kind of cuff you know
like sometimes when you just got like a
last-minute wedding to go to and you've
got a great skirt but no top to go with
it then you put something like that with
it or you use this for layering
underneath a nice jumpsuit or a nice
vest jacket there's so much you can do
with this kind of thing quite flattering
especially around the shoulder /bo very
s but when I get down to my waist it all
goes to pop this look like I'm a
high-fashion Instagram
yeah no question my session yeah where'd
you get this problem yesterday you know
guide when you see me in my blog and
that whole week you probably see like
two different outfits and those outfits
are literally a hoodie and jeans and
that's because most days when I'm just
going out doing errands it's like being
a normal human being I can need to go to
B&Q I need to go to a supermarket I need
to pick up my child I need to go to the
post op it's just that regular stuff I
just put on jeans a hoodie if it's cold
or a jacket if it's freezing or a light
weight shirt if it's boiling and I just
wear jeans a scarf one of those three
tops I just mentioned and either sandals
or trainers that's it no makes I'm
nothing I don't I don't I don't do this
I don't do any of this unless I'm either
filming for you guys or I left I'm doing
for like a meeting or an event or
something that requires a bit more
effort even like an owl sing good
friends you know I mean picked up this a
soft white hoodie in like us off-white
kind of creamy honest ivory I love this
color whatever it is I love it but I
know it's not white because the
drawstring is white and that's obviously
different to that right I've got this in
a size 14 it's very thick if this is
like a winter I know come October time
this is going to be Deena's everyday
drop in Hannah off to nursery go to
supermarket kind of pain and I know I
should definitely come out with my own
hoodie line because I can I could make
some great hoodies mate they just need
some slight adjustments here and there
tweet tweet tweet full I'm going to
sound like an Asus model SS models have
shoes on
Shh now get the shoes
okay
sighs 14 that is the fit that you want
if you are a me which is a size 10 to 12
sometimes I must by putting them in the
bottoms though but if you want to kind
of fit its us why it's like 14 on the
hoodies they want to see this to the
dude you literally doing much
adjustments can actually do specific I
already whoa
now let's give a big do it copy this you
know Hannah my toddler she has great
clothes and I love her clothes and every
time I go to top of Hannah I always just
think I wish they did that in my size
mate do that and my size in it can
somebody do that in my stylist every
time I go shop and I'm like I'm coming
out with a kids clothing line and then
I'm going to do the women's stuff to
match the kid stuff not the other way
around
no no no not women's clothing and kids
the mat no no do the kids lie and match
the women you get miss that's what it's
all about so anyway I saw this on a
sauce in the loungewear section and I
just thought I would pick that for
Hannah and I would be jealous of it when
Hannah has it so I thought you know what
I'm also gonna buy it
and it's this lovely oversized polka dot
jumpsuit basically fit look have fun I
mean come on
what do you mean I'm gonna look so cute
I'll do my hair q how do i do my hair I
must watch tutorials good I want to fit
a size eight like I'm not gonna wear
this house I don't need it in the
certain fit or anything and obviously it
looks quite oversized anyway it's
basically a adult baby grow it's
basically an adult's grow it's an adult
group how fun is it come on come on come
on mr. tumble mr. temple okay but it
guys that is everything I bought I hope
you enjoyed this video the links will
all be in the description below thanks
for watching and I will see you want me
next video till next time drive away
from Tara
