skip my coffee everywhere trying to take
a shot for the vlog what the actual f is
wrong with me today
not the shot I was trying to get it's
Tuesday the 27th this weekly vlog was
supposed to start on Monday
but it was a yesterday so I figured
let's just take him day break from
filming anything I thought I saw on
Tuesday so this week's vlog oh that you
dropped the pen this week's vlog is
gonna be a little bit shorter anyway it
says birthday he's having a lion cuz
that's all part of the gig
I actually didn't buy him anything did
we Hannah we just call him a card and
some clothes from cause but to be fair
we've got loads to do like check out of
our old apartment soon with me Hannah
I bought Sid this t-shirt from cause as
well as this blue shirt and this other
creme t-shirt he doesn't like the Queen
to Cheyenne we found lots of weird muddy
stains on the blue shirt so that's being
returned that's a great start to the day
so far is it handle love no no it's not
is it children zebra zebra mm-hmm
is that the mess you made on the new
sofa oh thank you oh look birthday boy
Hannah let's sing on you song happy
birthday to you
happy birthday to you happy birthday to
Papa too big age you take your jacket
where's your bag hey sit down ok we sit
down in the car wait oh my god weird I'm
in turn on the vlog around Dino yeah we
are gonna go now to Ikea get some
furniture for Hannah's room and by the
way tomorrow I'm going to see a Dale in
concert at Wembley literally I lived
opposite the stadium for a whole year
and didn't set foot in it and as soon as
I move out I'm going to see Adele there
and I'm going with it cosmetics hey
thanks guys basically I'm waiting to
wear because all my clothes are in bin
bags let's go mr. birthday boy
mr. 10:31 today way happy birthday to
you cha-cha-cha
happy birthday to you cha-cha-cha friend
doesn't like it when he has fluff on his
top so he's outside IKEA carpark and
lint rolling his toe in them pair is the
situation so far update update a lot of
goals a lot of greens a lot of tan
update
Hannah's wardrobe just got soaked in the
rain so the state of the car right now
good thing Hannah's not here I'm in my
old room in the old flat here it is for
the old room so I'll show you it
properly I don't think I ever showed you
guys the room properly you walk in like
that there was a bathroom in here
cupboards along here and this was worth
Bedouin and Hannah's crib is still there
because the other tenants would like to
have it haul away
this was like a storage
thing everything's empty all the way and
here you had the bathroom all empty here
you have the other bedroom which is the
same setup just no bathroom and here was
the main room which was the living area
look so weird empty living area and then
the kitchen there is the terrace that we
really don't like I'd like to say I'm
gonna be sad to leave but no I really
ain't I really don't care I really don't
want to come here again
just waiting on the lady to come and do
a professional clip on the flat before
we hand over the keys at three o'clock
so did you see my speedboat is been
I just picked up the gremlin when the
mornin kinda has been dropped after
nursery I've done a little bit of
shopping the top-up so I've just got
some fruit and imagine and some stuff to
make breakfast this morning maybe I was
thinking she was his birthday yesterday
and didn't really do anything nice for
him update update home gonna make me and
since the breakfast he's upstairs doing
Hannah's room ups open her cupboards
drawers and her bed together Linda
McCartney sausages vegetarian
ready for devouring that didn't like his
duck egg food no I don't like one of you
you know that
just drink it drink me getting some
editing in before tonight oh my god
that's hot in that life guys I'm ready
just waiting for my car to pick me up so
do I have to take this rock stuck with
me all the work side looks all right
wait yeah all right I'll take the looks
guys I'm inside the stadium this is
insane
I've been with your concept for in my
life
first time selfie lights the guys like
the things I'd say really what he does
inside us to savory results because I
think when she comes on there with them
all day I think it does walking in
every
morning guys
I got home really late last night from
the Adele concert and I have to say that
was an amazing evening bloody hell I
never thought I'd enjoy a contest so
much I thought I'd show you guys what we
got from it cosmetics because didn't get
a challenge yesterday I'm about to have
a coffee so before I do that let's have
a little look at this oh that's good
makeup bag
oh there's brushes in here goddamn the
CC creams jewel airbrush concealer brow
power
oh no this is not your channel love
this ain't your channel of times just
some iron in with a bit of a deal yeah
a change
basudev greatest change
I can bear to hear you I don't know
these guys
and love us youtubers who some would say
are the minority and his life that
YouTube's doing this because to have the
support and the platform suddenly means
that a lot more of us minority youtubers
will get out there and get online and
that way then we can make the change
right guys yeah basically everyone in
this room was its chosen as a fellow
because they've already kind of shown
the potential or like you you're able to
express yourself or you already have a
voice you already got something there
you know so if you're feeling a bit like
oh you know what I've got this budget
now and like they're really expecting
something really true they think like
that just think like what really gets me
annoyed like what really gets you fired
up and like time like you know it's like
for me I'm just like all my ideas Vivian
although it's all things that she
probably heard me talk about before in
my videos and I want to expand on that
things that that you can actually talk
about and you can break down and just
get juicy things and you've really got
be able to relate to it yourself to be
able to do that especially as a you know
because we all can like new to this
opportunity that we've got like even
even earth like we've got bigger budget
but it's filling up thanks more pressure
in it I think
get you fired up and and it would be
great just quickly the only thing that I
would say as well as just yet know your
your power you were don't think too much
just go out and do it you know they're
so lucky and you guys are so lucky to
have YouTube what platform allows you to
to have a voice and push you to your
vote if you know me talking about
Islamophobia and so there was an
incident as an example there was a week
ago
about the things being was and someone
went and started running over people and
it had no media coverage whatsoever I
remember I went downstairs I saw cuz I
remember the other attacks it was like
24/7 always on the news always on the
newspapers this I swear on my left was
for two minutes two minutes I couldn't
believe it so I told my manager I've
made a video think just about you see
you and after the Yom different can make
what do you guys you just did a panel
kind of Q&A and that was clubs time and
this is basically everybody's comments
from what they've been get up to earlier
they got an artist in to like
illustrates everything they will share
good idea
oh they found you reunited with the
subpoena of Texas the one who am the one
who finds you know women natural causes
really embarrassing and oh my god I
don't want to bring that up
oh my god I got so mad from that video
they don't I know he was big both well I
guess if you want to get out the shot
really quick
my dad said he could spot me off who
just had a great group discussion
not with tazzie though means enough to
go we're taking pictures before we go
going back now to pick up our guys that
was a great event wasn't it said yeah
it's good really good met some cool
people or reconnected with good people
and it was just good at YouTube vibes
always good I think the first time Sid
went to like a YouTube read but what's
filling their eyes it just finished I
didn't get a chance to vlog as usual on
photo shoots I never get shots so I
leave my camera in my bag I live
upstairs changing rooms i'ma go down
shoot
but you guys can see the issue timber
I'll keep you posted
I've been over about an hour and half
and we quickly had to do out the post
for Westfield but you probably on my
feed by now so I couldn't bother
blocking it but anyway I'm gonna get my
phone and we're gonna go we're gonna
grab some food before so tired my right
left
I'll keeps twitching cutting that time
I'm like I need to sleep for a day and
then like sit on the couch and just
watch TV for like a day
we haven't even unpacked the house yet
or anything I'm having a proper vlog in
fart brain today because I'm like
vlogging telling you what I'm about to
do and then I don't know what I'm doing
or I forget to like we'd literally just
went to Nando's before we picked the
planet and I completely forgot the rule
camera in the car like basically Fridays
love you didn't take the bunk house
you took the book cover with you did I
forget I just didn't use at all I didn't
even notice all the damn thing you
brought to Indonesia I would adjust for
one man in Dundas that's bloody awful
I've got problems logging so basically
all of today's Friday footages it's
gonna be me going guys we did and then
what we didn't do is we didn't film it
by the way look at you see the nails and
all my nails done for maryclaire well
they did it for me
just painted them a nice cover cuz they
were freaking embarrassing that was the
first time I've written undies in a long
time honestly it's a bit wasn't it
I never thought I'd get over Nando's I'm
so over Dundas so over it I'm just
browsing Instagram I'm is really annoyed
try and buy a television finally I need
to watch Mesa program guys I think we'll
get in this one we're home guys it's
hope you're gonna get telly out and get
it set up real quick so I can watch TV
tonight while hands asleep
Hannah's having a quick munch on the
kitchen counter mini bananas blueberries
she's also playing with a bath toy I
don't know eyes here whatever yes yes
yeah yummy guys Hannah's gonna sleep I'm
gonna sit here and have hopefully just
half well this Snickers Judith while I
watch some telly don't mind me toes
there anyway the TV actually isn't gonna
be staying in this room it's gonna be
going in the living room but we are
nowhere near doing that room up yet so
I'm gonna put it in here for now we
don't have internet yet so I'm just
gonna see what's on chill out this
evening
cuz I am so tired go sit down with Nana
Anna no and her back in your chair it's
Saturday morning today's the last day
I'm vlogging because I'm gonna upload
this on Sunday and start again a new
blog tomorrow I don't know how I'm gonna
upload but Sid's gonna upload and say
that stuff that we've got a certain
flora house to Hannah how nobody thinks
it um that stuff that were gonna send
flora as well said we need him tomorrow
okay I've just found out I've put on a
bit more weight because these jeans that
I wore about three weeks ago I was able
to pull them down without undoing my
bottom but now I can't stay a bit of
shame it didn't last long skinny mustard
it anyway we're going to pick up some
post from Royal Mail don't mind the
washing then we taking Hannah to the
park and it's just gonna be a chill day
like that
so you
guys can come along with me and then
I'll end it probably quite early because
then I edit guys look at the time I got
on my hand
compared to my face look at that my
hands always time way easier though oh
god she's gone
okay you gotta go Dina you got to go bye
so you know we get some lunch saw this
sushi place so let's go try this sushi
place and that's just it's not you can't
sit in this takeaway and I was like oh
I'll get bento great let's do this and
when aside and the first thing I felt
like was I felt like I was in Egypt in
like a dodgy place and Sid felt like
he's a Mac star so that was interesting
and then after we ordered we realized
the food hygiene sticker was on the door
and they'd only been rated 3 and anyway
and then when I went to pick up the
order which is ready because they do
sushi as well I literally saw them
packing somebody's takeaway and somebody
had obviously ordered sushi and it's all
them preparing a sushi order and what
they had done is they've gotten you know
the sushi boxes you can get from Tesco
or Sainsbury's or Astor like old boots
you know the sushi boxes in the mail
deals they've got the biggest one that
you can get from the supermarket and
they were taking sushi pieces out of
that to put in the order
if that ain't roads I don't know why is
my studio cost army or cost 21 pounds
about it and the sushi the sushi trays
are about 910 pounds serve just go to
Tesco guy you can get him for 3 guys you
know what the deal is by now I'm got
scoff next to me sir but it's each towel
on me head anyway my hay fever is gone
bonkers today not gonna lie we haven't
blogged much since we've been home it's
been a day of kind of like in and out of
the garden playing with Hannah that kind
of thing we went to the park pretty
early just remember that really early
she was up at like 6:00 maybe even half
I don't know so seven o'clock right now
she's sleeping
oh I didn't tell you what happened so
annoying I went to make a bowl of cereal
and I it was a nice big bowl and then I
went and got the milk and a skim milk to
pour it in and then I tasted the skim
milk as I was getting to have my first
spoonful and it had gone off was just so
annoying because that whole bowl of
cereal is no wasted look what I tried to
do to save it I put it in a sieve and
then I actually rinsed it with water and
now it's gone like really soggy by the
way I also fell asleep for like probably
two and a half hours on that chair over
there when we came back I don't know
what's going on with me today but I am I
can bear I'm actually so tight like my
body I'm physically I can't do anything
I'm I don't even know I thought you know
what let me just end this vlog real
quick I hope you've enjoyed most of this
week with me next week's vlog will
consist of a bit of logging every day so
like it will go from Sunday to Saturday
but I've ending this one today
on a Saturday evening so I could get it
up Sunday I'm Sharla thanks for watching
guys see you on my next video
tada Salam alaykoum and all that good
stuff bye
