hi guys I'm back with another video and
today I thought what could I feel you
know it's a Friday and normally on a
Friday means it end up not doing much
because it's kind of you know it's a
Friday everybody sends up not doing much
but I thought you know what
let me feel a quick video so that the
weekend can be good and so I don't film
on the weekend basically so I was
looking through my old videos and I
thought you know what I've done a
reacting to my old videos video but in
that video I didn't actually react to my
first ever YouTube video so today what
I'm going to be doing is revealing my
first ever YouTube video to you guys
because it's actually on my channel as
unlisted so you actually can't see it
now and it's only got thirty seven
thousand views so only that many people
have seen it so this is going to be me
reacting to my first ever YouTube video
let's get started I'm already on my
channel oldest videos and as you can see
on the top left hand corner right over
here so there's a video titled my movie
but is literally because I have no idea
how to edit I didn't think this videos
even edited I literally had I was
actually that clueless to editing that I
didn't even know you could change the
title I think I've edited it on Windows
Movie Maker and they obviously
automatically called it in my movie and
I didn't change that so let's click on
my movie Dina added six years ago so I
would have been 21 or when 21 years old
oh look at my god I remember where that
scarf was from it was from Primark and
back in those days
Primark used to do really good God
really good scarf for what we were
looking for back then and I was really
into wearing a printed scarf with a
stripy top and a maxi skirt and leather
bangles always always had eyeliner
always without fail
it's Dina Tokyo and looked up like like
you all them know who I am bearing in
mind guys this is like my first ever
YouTube video but I was already like
Facebook blogging so I just assumed that
my
accordions were watching me on youtube
so that's why our web epstein Tokyo
small video so many people over the
years have come Taedong how I pronounce
the word video or how I did back then I
don't know if it's the same video and
everyone was like video but I just I
don't know if it's vide it is Venus I
mean I don't think I say video now but
that's just a little memory I have
please subscribe if you would like some
more files and show you on all my
photoshoots la gare yourself love me
instead used to literally hire out the
university like photography studio and
have a photo shoot and Syd was a
photographer and like that look and
there was no lighting involved it used
to have like I never even used to edit
the photos after they were shot like
it's really really hilarious hilarious
how students now is they were doing what
I did six years ago the results would be
a lot more professional or you know you
know they'd have a bit more of a clue
where is back then you did it you're 11
and we were just like oh it's in a
photography studio so the photos not
definitely professional it's laughing
nice nails I do not have nails like that
now oh look at me look at me putting my
facebook link as like text on the screen
without even linking it I literally saw
what YouTube vision would be like how
did they do that thing oh and then I
thought I figured it out on moviemaker
and I just copied and pasted the URL and
thought people could click it as a link
oh wow oh there you go at least I
addressed I couldn't figure out like in
those days I was really into doing a
really light lip color like lighter then
I should be doing so like no it's quite
like but that is like a baby pink on my
lips and I never ever used to line my
lips ever I always used to think it was
pointless but now I really understand
the importance of having good
decent lipliner file deer turkey related
like if the subject completely like
dinner tikki with the subject palazzo
palazzo suit that's it for that soon I
think I still don't have to pronounce it
oh I'll show you guys how to wear the
square hijab style because back then
people didn't wear them as much or to me
anyway it was like I've got a solution
for you guys square scarves are like so
much more fun so just get big ones and
style them and it's going to be amazing
ok you two thought I was genius and you
know what carefully I've got like this
tight prime up top up until my wrist and
then my watch over it got my watch over
my top left those were the days when Sid
mega fancied me obviously you know it's
really funny actually I've just like
taking the mick out out of me having my
watch on my sleeve watch me next week
get inspired and do a look with my watch
over my sleeve hundred percent bracelet
banging you know nowadays guys when I
edit my videos I always take out the
arms of the silences the even if there's
a pause that two seconds long in between
sentences that annoys me always take it
out and you can see here I didn't do
that tool also please pay attention to
my background okay if you can see it's
just a bunch of dull this is wet all day
to live with my family I mean I could
have filmed in my room but I didn't I
didn't like how my room look in videos I
didn't want to film there so here I'm
filming in my brother's room at the
entrance right in front of the door and
I've opened the door
which is that one on the Left which has
got some weight sticker thing on it and
then what I've done is directly behind
me is the bathroom so I've opened the
bathroom door to have it like a like a
door canvas and then what I've done
asked that is opened my bedroom door
which is opposite my brothers
room so that the background is literally
just like three dolls how created by my
blog link up my blogs back then was in a
Tokyo blog spot.com I used to blog a lot
can we just pay attention to my
background music Jessie J I was a mad
Jessie J time I was really like oh I
love Jessie J back then but I the way
this video is basically a self promo
videos telling people to subscribe
because I'm going to be doing this but
also check out this and this o do an
outfit of the day oh my god I'm so
skinny though not gonna lie
yes I always used to wear Jersey tube
skirt all the time whenever I find a
Jersey tube skirt or a jersey maxi dress
I would buy it and I would wear them a
skirt almost daily actually all that
literally almost daily yep
look at the size of my head though
listen bitch it come down told you was
prime are cool so I'm just right pause
there because you didn't know what the
file is was a comeback week you oh I
just said oh boy no wake up that's
really cute maybe I should start
Thursday morning and I just starting
Clara Aikman and in my videos why didn't
I do that I should start doing that
again that was actually quite cute God
guys how literally tiny ones I did you
see the head size to body ratio I had
going on in fact I should totally do the
video where I dress as old Deena for the
day and
auction license in fact I might just
copy that whole outfit because it's a
turnkey and I'll even do the makeup how
it was in the video I'll do everything
let me know if you want to see that
video so that should be quite fun to do
that's it guys I hope you enjoyed that
video very very nice memories for me
because those were like my literally
early early blogging days and you know
what's really amazing I was just looking
through a lot of my older videos and
took time to go out what to film as I'm
searching through them I just ended up
watching my own videos for hours and
hours and hours like really old ones and
there's just so many amazing memories
just like for me and actually for our
family and also for Hannah to watch like
it's actually so many great memories
having a youtube channel is actually
like a great video album really I hope
you enjoyed having the privilege of
seeing my first ever attempt at
recording a video and my first ever
upload on this channel I will leave the
link for the actual video in the
description if you want to go back and
watch it again why not it will be funny
go back and leave comments on there if
you want but I will keep it unlisted
just because I hope you enjoyed this
video and I will see you on my next one
until next time farewell a cup right
