my mother and grandmother Judy have
arrived for a weekend inland and she's
taken over because she wants subscribers
on the channel no yeah I'm not rude like
that yeah I don't know what so because I
just don't understand what's do when you
talk to a camera like what you posed to
do like what TV needs help of come on
credit on a each channel so leave a
comment slope anyway we are in Kew
Gardens and I've never ever been have
you been I think we weren't on school
trips when we're kids around I can
remember when Ian just stopped
absolutely chucking it down and now it's
dry so I was like if you hadn't looked
out so they've all gone in there they
make you big circle I would take
calories excuse or rats art which is
sleeping so walking around
besides I went in anyway now I'm on the
hunt for the family
what is guys like I was almost into the
building you see that is to be up there
this place is so much aesthetic well we
can breathe Judy's chomping on mints
Montana - coughs - mama I'm TC doing
their Instagram most of the day looks
like dude he's joining you shouldn't
notice we all took our main jacket off
because the sun's come out a little bit
oops guys we just ate toilets with you I
was quite the record only eight no man
what a thousand is Ross eight campus no
Bheeshma probably would have been about
15 under
Oh having a mental client long sentences
oh no it's not because people about a
really good where they say I'm
confident guys you just found the
perfect Instagram wall yeah it's very
melodious we are in something called
highs there's like all things are busy
but like imitates things and how they
live he looked through there is a two
layer of the cloth I'm on underneath me
terrific we just climbed all the way to
top severe it
sighs and they considered a I created me
right now oh yeah well we're doing the
tree top walk in didn't country she's
maybe I'm taking over so fancy yeah
breath mop look so we are currently in
the street I love it tamam let's have
some questions while viewers not here
what do you really think of Dina's
internet Korea would you preferred that
she went to uni 13
I mean completed Union actually complete
uni
well she didn't complete uni sea lions
you completed everything a degree it
didn't get to be Sam well yeah exactly
so she didn't complete uni so would you
have preferred that she got a degree and
she was working a normal boring job like
mine oh my oh my god and mom what do you
think of Dina's clothing style be honest
kid you actually think she'd got Lyle
because I really don't sometimes this is
about angle yeah look right and I know I
just look officer my scarf Paul enough
everyone go roll on Lord we should look
alive we shouldn't help our camera guys
quite normal to dreams that was lighted
on the chump how freaking weird is that
any new to dreams
tsubame know about this yet told him
buddy how my arms killing how did you
deduce she was a strong arm he is
answering avoid a Clanton how rude just
probably in the middle of changing a
load of - yeah ideas on giffgaff guys
the glamorous life giving the voiceless
boy boy I'll are you for real life
yes clear outside the pavilion yeah the
posture voice goes on yes we're outside
the familiar where are you doing what's
the lose you're in the loo the toilet
guide me Hannah Judi just perfect about
an hour
kind of private order many fibers no
baby table I know we can I don't have a
bunch opposite Amanda's going to have
intelligence about you met
