hi guys welcome back to another mailbox
unboxing video but this time we are
doing it with paper hello youtuber from
America from Texas y'all yeah yeah he
says y'all y'all with everything it's
really annoying I watch these videos all
the time do you have a mailbox
I do but someone sent me firecrackers
recently and I was like I don't think
this is a good idea basically I'm the
first one yeah these are the intentions
of it I'm interning at the Tokyo
management's did you know oh what do you
think coming from a graphic design
background also be honest dude in Tokyo
in sitcom we'd like to thank you for
unboxing bhai artists TV a limited
edition box
I was Lena I publicist clothes chocolate
really look natural stevia sweetener
chocolate is it this is quite nice
that's more expected as packaging is
quite nice imagine peach iced teas did
this will feels like it's going to be um
what are those paintings how minimize oh
this is so please kind of thing where
there's nothing on the box but there
must be a door somewhere from the dock I
think the police might assist cop in the
package for my lexical if someone gives
you the skull because I know you like a
neck scarf and I thought it would be
great with your outfit oh thank you I
would just say you know that I'm a
blonde one that the table oh that's
beautiful very summery indeed good
anyway though she probably would
said metalia my sister Thank You Rukia
the website is rookie Ola exclusively
designed by British Bangladeshi designer
Brooke here a collection inspired by her
journey to her roots being mesmerized by
its natural beauty which cuts an
explosive city energy Thank You rakia
Selma's purple hair for hannah focus on
your happy thoughts and don't forget to
smile are for Hannah you are perfect
just the way you are it was my god
future and are very interested in the
field of holistic healing and stuff plus
she's passionate about instilling
concepts of self-confidence and
positivity in children and young adults
wow that's a good thing because we don't
have a lot of that in some communities
you're thinking bill look his the first
page I really like the illustration I
don't was a little boy who had many many
thoughts he thought once early in the
morning and more before he slept at
night he noticed that he became happy
when his thoughts were happy too and if
his thoughts were sad or grumpy he'd
worry and feel so blue I can't wait to
read these to booboo
this was called Selma's purple hair in a
land not far from here with a girl named
Sedna she had very long and curly hair
the color of pearly purple Salman was
ready to go to school for the very first
time she felt excited and happy and oh
so sublime Oh super liming oh what a
nice hi Dina thought you might like to
know about our proud collab with sisters
mag but I'm LaVon 2017 hope you like the
planner please tell family and friends
thank you very much
dori dori and sisters presents Ramadan
planner
oh wait a second oh I do like it yeah I
do like it has like day 1 and it has
sold time it's thought of time
inspiration section reflections and dot
list this is wonderful isn't it that's
actually really cool and it has a little
cups of water 8 cups of water so you can
like mark down how many times how many
cups of water you had when
able to eat drop it in a very good idea
yes anyone to stop it take mine that's
we nah it's actually really cool we're
just not talking about like double-bond
and I eat not feeling very like festive
yeah really help Hey or a door slam do
you know how do you know if you in your
phone yeah well I hope you like the
earrings and netskope which is the new
final set of kurta settings you can find
us on Instagram 10 jewelry we are a new
business and just recently started
selling head start but many jewelry oh
it's actually really classic they're
like gold earrings
yeah boy you can't call me boys do all
the time yeah since the box idiot yeah
man these earrings are beautiful
that should quite classic yeah yes I
really like them thank you very much
test jewelry t ease their jewelry but
what's this lovely total prize you've
got it oh this is from Chelsea Nancy
she's on YouTube I think they're had
said these are diet scars I fixed your
hand guys I'm not sure what this seems
very personal I don't wanna read this
yes this probably is personal I made a
line that spoke to me all scarves are
hundreds at handmade by me let's focus
man
my fabric is a hundred percent bamboo
organic my cards poly bags are from
recycled materials
if scarf fetchers comes in cotton tote
bags with the design I drew
the first ones was such a success hum
Glasser this is my second launch with
new scarves in your gift I gave you a
new one called Woodstock sister it is
very good stuff yes percent of profits
go to charity as well so the website is
scarves for love.com tie-dye this is
tight
I like Jersey because it's cold yeah
it's really cool you'll see me wearing
these two tips may not have bamboo thank
you yeah Wow run with our reflections
it's a mirror I'm this and I'm Monica I
pray your family is blessed
I have gifted you Auto mode on Jo I pray
the journal text helps you achieve all
your spiritual goals in sha allah take a
deep breath slow down and focus on what
really matters isn't that what the
blessed month of Ramadan is about to
feed our soul and enlighten our minds
the reflection and question thank you
Samira Abdi this is nice in fact what do
you would enjoy this coloring book a
great way to de-stress one Sunday we'll
see if Lori said get a bit too much more
I love coloring book I love Blair - erm
I'm from Miletus sham oh god I love
stuff look at this look at this I wish I
had time to color more I wanted to buy
the boat coloring book for ages why just
happens a boat there's a verb color and
if you are truthful you will survive and
if you love and if you lie you shall
perish from
looks like somebody called Maryam
helmet-like what's it called tattoos
guys I had one right there I put I
thought once I put a lot I was a line
just a line like what's that on my
Instagram everyone's likes okay haha
I'll let y'all chill
you should put that one on your lower
back like a trash bag
Instagram is underscore and X are I am X
million every time we do this the
student gets real messes drugs oh this
is awkward
this is a bit awkward I took a break I'm
having a lot this is slightly off why
would you send that in the post this is
called totem time of the month if you
would like to set up a totem
subscription please let us know oh we
can arrange delivery around your cycle
it's a small startup passionate about
women's health so we would really value
any feedback or have any support you can
give us hashtag hashtag period pioneers
so there's basically loads and loads of
things before you know the time of the
month
thank you very much time over there cool
time thank you very much time of the
month guys oh I'm glad they said these
to me as good as awareness something
else that you so embarrassed to buy them
and it's just awkward because a
wall on boxing videos so previously well
when I was younger would be really
embarrassed to go to buy you know things
I need for the time of the month so if
this is a subscription service then
that's great because it saves you the
bloody embarrassment even though nobody
should be embarrassing but the end of
the day you can't help how you feel
sometimes you get me so thanks very much
time of the month
check them out time of the month yes no
it's tio TM calm time of the day you
took a man really great really I love it
and I even love the tote bag I really do
I think it's genius minutes you
would go out with that tote bag no
obviously not you crazy
I still nice to have at home to people
of your things in to mine thank you I
think I know what this is I think this
is clothing I don't staple somewhere is
actually really big this is from a brand
called Kabila
so exciting that's not how I open yeah
like some neoprene is that bad noise
sports are Bayer slowly raised
all the sick oh I love little details
like that the fabric the zip is guys I
like I liked when you know there's small
differences and look at the color as
well in Thank You Koby rubella me Dube
Kabila dot bin and the histogram is
Kabila but keep an eye on my Instagram
for outfit inspiration and team like
that thank you very much guys cute
little envelope over here looks like it
came from New Orleans LA New Orleans
Louisiana
my name is Billy Peter I'm from the US
and I just have to tell you that I enjoy
you drugs on YouTube I like them very
much you and your husband oh so funny
you doing some more with your mother's
day are very nice to take care of to see
more tomorrow thank you for like just no
no just a nice note from a boy named
Billy from Louisiana well why was Thank
You Billy that is a sweet little note
I'll this reminds me shelf over there
with other notes thanks guys that's all
the packaging let's have a let's have a
beat ending this don't make this noise
thanks for joining us he's going back to
the US tomorrow and make sure you check
out his channel for whatever video we
end up filming in the next half an hour
cuz we just you only have half an hour
now so thanks for watching until next
time keep it covered
