roll up these balloons boo-boo hi guys
so this week's video is going to all my
god oh my god
I can fly away so this week's fashion
related video is going to be as promised
my sweater / jumper collection video
there's a hoodie behind me but it's not
supposed to be hoodies supposed to be
just sweat this is basically all of the
ones that I have - a few that might be
in the wash I kind of wear more for
pajamas or lounging or they're just a
few that I didn't include because
they're like just put so I've got this
whole rail set up behind me and then a
pile on the floor over there so this
video might take forever to do and
forever for you guys to watch but
hopefully you will enjoy it so we'll
just get straight into it the first
sweater that I have or jumper is the one
I'm wearing which as you can see has
massive balloon sleeves with a nice slab
of faux fur in a lovely dusted pink kind
of color it was actually the first time
me wearing it and I got it from Zara
probably about two months ago it's a
very obviously Zara kind of jumper and I
don't know why I didn't wear it before
probably because it wasn't suitable
weather like was always raining I don't
like wearing jumpers like that are big
and baggy with coats on the top that
annoys me and I think I have it in a
size large or extra-large even a
Marshall it's white which can be scary
when you have a kid but Hannah's in
nursery today so I'm good to go oh look
it's hidden me films anyway next up we
have this bright pink hoodie which is
very very childish because literally
bubblegum pink this is from H&M and it's
in extra-large and it's a hoodie and I
think I've worn this on a photo shoot I
haven't actually worn it out yet
probably will wear that this week or
something now that I'm finding them all
because of this video okay and from last
week's video if you guys remember we
have the orange sweater from Zara okay
this was a size medium yet because it
was already quite big and it's 25 pounds
I really really want to wear it with
bright red you know there's are a houses
that they have and everybody has them
and there
right red ruffle e1 the thing is I
thought they traveled in the size medium
and they didn't fit them looks literally
wouldn't even go up past my size so the
large is out stock so I'm waiting for
the large to come back in when she
probably won't I really wanted to wear
this sweater with those trousers if not
maybe just some other trousers red I
really want a pair with red basically
one thing you'll notice with all my
sweaters is that the scene is going to
be is going to be close to my collarbone
or on the collar boat or is going to go
fast my shoulder and all the ways close
to my elbow so that's one thing that I
kind of look out for in hoodies
sweatshirts knitwear jumpers that's like
my thing but I just have to look cool
and then we have this piece which is a
cause jumper it looks black on camera
but it's actually navy blue there's
quite a thin jumper as well and then on
the back it's got that kind of very
typical pleated thing over the but which
has been done so much now and very very
overplayed but I got this actually last
year I think it was like 30 pearl maybe
40-pound
but it's very handy when you kind of
wanna wear something comfortable jumper
but you want to be more smart and I got
this in a medium that's another good
thing about cords is that their sizes
are quite big they're quite nice and big
sizes okay next up is this a massive
oversized jumper which is a high neck so
it's literally perfect use it you don't
need to wear this with anything other
than a pair of trousers what I mean is
like you don't need to Larry whatsoever
and this is from a brand called
mimsy kita which is in a UK size 10 and
I got it from hot Ellen and gifted it to
me actually I absolutely love it I
actually worry for my blogger space she
got like this lovely detailing at the
front the fit isn't actually very
flattering when it comes to like over my
jumpers and stuff if you go for one but
more of a batwing
so can you see that corner there there's
no sea under the sleeve it's just curved
all the way to the bottom that tends to
be a lot less flattering because it adds
a lot of folds on the side it can make
you almost look from pieces you want to
drink
thanks for asking no no next up we have
this hmm
classic and this came out over a year we
go way over you go and I even bought it
in the sale but I just love it I can't
get rid of it
it's that neoprene fabric I love
sweaters that are neoprene and about a
year and a half ago is really hard to
find them on on the high street and I
got this in a size large I just love how
neoprene fix it's got a lot of
flexibility but it looks different look
structured and it's so so comfortable to
wear you think that you'd be boiling in
it but you won't actually be that hot is
quite cool this is a very lovely box fit
I love it
next up we have this dusted kind of
purple oversized jumper which is a
thought and actually it has a split a
slip sorry here it goes with my head
which would show a bit of your skinny
jeans which is probably why I picked it
up actually other than the fact that the
fit is great obviously but I really like
that idea because a lot of the time with
my clothes I like to tuck in the front
into a jeans pocket whereas because I've
got a slit here it kind of gives you
that effect without going through the
fassl's trying to keep your jumper
tucked into jeans and make it look like
it naturally stayed there do you know
what I mean now we have a white sweater
and it's a v-neck it's actually got a
bit Spanish there but I don't care one
out of three white jumpers I have this
is hmmm v-net I'm not normally a big fan
of v-neck but this v-neck is hugely neck
so that's why I picked it up because I
either like something less like way over
the tops because then to me it's more of
a statement rather than a nuisance so if
it was just a little v-neck jumper that
would just annoy me and it would fit
weird and I wouldn't be able to do
anything with it to make the most of the
shape whereas with this I can get a
printed shirt underneath with a nice
collar and it this whole area will be a
nice statement section also the fit is
amazing although if you haven't noticed
the majority of all of my tops not just
wetters I take the tag off because it
itches me it annoys me
like the feeling or the tag and the back
of my neck just annoys me so I just cut
them all off white can be very very hard
to wear if you're like a modest dresser
or whatever it is because it's either
see through or flimsy which can be very
hard to wear in the summer and what I
find is like every summer I end up
wearing layers of white to get all
like look so in the end I'm just boiling
quite anyway whereas if I just get a
lightweight jumper a nice collar for
underneath with like white linen
trousers or white crop trousers then it
gives that whole look without me going
to all the fat next up we have this
funny piece which is totally totally a
winter jumper and I wore this again for
my blogosphere magazines too and I
haven't actually worn it anywhere else
other than that because I feel it's very
very statement I picked this up in a
size that is just way too big I mean I
know I like oversized but this was just
like way too big
I can't even comfortably wear it out so
I needed to pick it up a bit smaller but
I just didn't and this is a monkey and
it's a size large it's one that I
probably will never ever get rid of but
potentially might not wear again look
how high the roll neck is and even when
it's rolled like it covers so much and I
love that look in the winter with the
turban and then a massive massive roll
neck where your face is almost very
dinner I just love that look this is
again a monkey piece and this is a size
large so this is my favorite kind of fit
basic pleasure it's very very thin
by the way I love Fletcher's even in
something like I wear them in the
summertime I don't care like it's the
jumper because a lot of them are very
very lightweight and you can like you
can totally wear that especially like UK
summer even in Egypt sometimes if you
wear nothing else underneath honestly
you can wear them it's glittery it's
shiny it's shiny victory I could
literally wear this with absolutely
anything okay next up we have another
cause jumper it's not the fit I usually
go for but the exception was of that the
bottom was quite slurred whereas
normally this kind of style it goes
quite in around the hips which can makes
me look very hippy if I'm going to go
for the hippy look like hip I don't mean
hippy lycra way I mean hippy like like
I've got big hips and I need to make
sure that my shoulders are quite snug
and this doesn't give you the snug
shoulder this is like just oversized
everywhere because of the really wide
scoop neck
fYI I hate scoop neck it annoys me
because obviously the coverage situation
I don't think is very flattering
unless you've literally got your neck
and collarbone out then it can look
great but if you want to layer up not a
massive fan of scoop neck now we have
another neoprene piece again hmm
I've had this for a probably like two
years and I think I've got it in a size
large I do love the crab on the front
although it's a bit annoying because you
can't just throw on every day and change
up your accessories
because everybody knows like oh it's a
same job because there's a massive crab
on it beautiful next guys we have this
sweater which is green black and white
and the reason I bought this is because
I think it's got major 90s vibes this is
a sauce and this is a 5/16 it's got the
Sporty's 90s vibe big clear frame
glasses that kind of look okay get ready
for this one which might mess with your
eyes a little bit because the stripes
are so close together and this is
another one from cause another high-neck
which I love it's a high wise knit but
that know anything about it is like I
always get makeup off my chin on there
because it's such as much in but it's
fine I bought this in a size large I
actually wish I got it in a medium
because like I said before cause sizes
are quite big in general then we have
again from last week's haul the adidas
crop jumper and remember I in a size 20
so so that it's not too cropped and I
can layer it a little bit without it
being obviously way too short
I want to pair it with smart clothes so
that thoughts looks look okay guys now
we've got a bit of knitwear which is
kind of cheating that's not really
sweaters but whatever so this is more of
a dress actually and this is from
Primark and I literally got this like
three years ago and I refuse to get rid
of it because I think it's so handy and
it is a bit big but it's fine it's a UK
size 16
I got it big because I knew if I didn't
get it big it would be that kind of
longed knitted dress that's very very
figure hugging and I wouldn't be able to
wear it unless my way like a coat or
something so I wanted it so that it's
quite a straight loose fit so I could
let you just wrap a scarf around my neck
and like timberlands yeah I love this
look with like timberland boots full
length literally to the floor and
there's a slit on one side which I love
because again you can see your trouser
peeking and if it's done in its perfect
the collar is a bit annoying is that
v-neck and it's not it's not that
oversize a v-neck like my white jumper
it's just big because it's a size 16 so
it doesn't fit great around the color
but it's winter so I always find that I
wear a neck scarf around my collar so
you don't notice that bit anyway because
I just have like a nice printed Paisley
kind of winter scarf around it oh this
also has a tag on because I did not
forget there
like in the new year I think this is
Marks & Spencer which by the way loads
of people might think is like not a
great place to shop but Larsen Spencer
has amazing amazing things in it and by
the way if you've had a baby and you've
never shopped in matza Spencer before
Marks & Spencer does the most
comfortable jeans in every single style
ever a lot of my jeans now are Marks and
Spencer because they are so comfortable
man anyway it's an extra-large yeah
because remember how I like must fit I'm
mainly voted for the color and this be
ruffles leave guys how beautiful next up
we have this piece which is primer and
it is a size I don't know for the took
the tie goes but probably a size 16 or
18 and it's a batwing see what I love
about it is the sleeves are ribbed
so you know when you have that mega
oversized batwing so then you could look
quite pyramides all in all but then if
you have something that gives a bit of
definition even if it's just up to your
elbows it can make all the difference
I love it when it's a slit I'm quite
wide because I think it's very very
flattering in this area here because it
basically covers your collarbone I just
find it very very flattering when it's a
slit neck so look at the slit neck look
do you not I mean it's literally just a
slit like you just cut it so it's just a
slip that's been cut so you don't think
of run our jumpers oh no I am okay guys
we have this
oh my sorry sweater which is a top UK 5
16 and I mainly bought it for the color
because I've got a pair of Chino
trousers in this color and I really
really wanted to do a all I don't know
what this color is it look like a Bowie
green it's a easy color it is a ug color
I really wanted to do an easy all Yeezy
color kind of outfit but I'm yet to do
it so maybe I'll have to do that so
maybe I'll do a video oh I really want
to do a video where it's a lookbook of
just you know like when your alpha is
literally head to toe one color what's
that called mono mono color los monos
let me know do you want to think that
because I would love to do it because
that it's just like I just love that
kind of idea but I don't do it a lot
because a lot of
pieces well they don't they're not
coordinated and I don't have like for
example I just have one pair of trousers
in that color so there's not much else I
could do look I don't have a lot of
other tops you know I mean like I let
you undo head to toe including shoes
that's how much I want to go coordinated
okay we've got a love really lovely baby
dusted baby pic and this is a sauce but
it's style and ER find large I love this
it's not neoprene it's a Cotton's feel
but I think it's got a mix of something
which gives it the look of neoprene it's
that kind of fabric where it's literally
not see-through by it's still breathable
so it's not too thick at all okay then
we have this very plain standard kind of
grey oversized hi next jumper very handy
kind of mum jumper you could leave a
workout in this you could go to the
supermarket in it you could find it up
you could file it down literally
I think gray is the color that you go to
when you don't know what to match
anything with let's say you're wearing
like red trousers yeah you have no idea
what you want to wear with it you don't
want to wear white let's say you don't
want to wear white top because it's
see-through you on board with the faff
of layering so I would go for gray after
white I would go for great if you're
going to do a darker color or one that's
got warmer tones in it then find a gray
that's slightly darker or a wall or gray
because grade can be really really cool
so if you if you're getting really cool
grades it's hard to style them would
let's say like cocky and those colors
but you can if you just go for a dark
scream more of a charcoal end is going
to get me it's really hard to explain
and now we have this slogan which it is
my only slogans well I hope you notice
but I'm not a big slogan person but this
one it was so true latte and love this
is hmm and it is in a size large
obviously it's that same fabric as the
pink one where it's like that neoprene
feel but it is new queen and when I
rolled it my work with like a latte
colored scarf which is just so great
it's so genius really because although
there's no latte color in this book
because you read latte you automatically
thought oh that scoffs definitely goes
because it's like when really you could
want any color with this
you get me so this jumper is a very very
busy B jumper and I absolutely love it
and I don't know why I'm yet to wear I
bought this over a year ago and it's at
least I 12 guys I love love love when
jumpers do the half-and-half situation
probably actually wear this with a white
shirt underneath next we have this crazy
crazy lovely jumper from Zara and
suffice large I actually wish I bought
it slightly smaller but I love this
jumper I've actually worn this a few
times it's a very dark purple the
sleeves are just I'll I just love them
because they just go way past your hand
I love it when your sleeves are just way
too big I've always liked that also it
has this like waist tie which I don't
use actually what I do is I bring that
around my neck okay next we have another
gray jumper
this is monkey again love the sleeves on
this quite similar to bees but not as
crazy it's a bit annoying cuz quite sure
so it doesn't quite cover my butt I
would layer it with grey and then nobody
can even tell what the lens does then
okay next up we have this gorgeous blush
kind of pink salmon I don't know what
color more of a peachy baby peachy
dusted color it's a roll neck and it's
Calvin Klein and I picked it up at UK
Mac this kind of jumpers fits really
nicely if you buy it in your thighs with
skirt it looks really nice as pleated
skirt next we have this very very handy
handy jumper from whistles and I think I
bought this in the lodge as well if you
can see down the middle here it's almost
like a chevron not quite but almost and
it is so so flattering because it kind
of creates looks like your kind of life
move really in and lifted which is very
good after having this child sit really
answer my phone dear there are four of
these jumpers in our family I have one
my sister has one my mum has one and my
grandmother has one have another hmm
stripy just broke out of jail kind of
sweatshirt in a size large I mean it's
not incredibly flattering but I've used
to lover and I wore a lot when I was
pregnant a lot a lot of people will like
to pay your Ellucian the way that when
you approach when you're
but I didn't care because it's
comfortable again with neoprene like I
said it just kind of gives you a shape
that stays it doesn't stick to you like
no man you stand up and then some
clothes can like get stuck in in a roll
over here or over here neoprene doesn't
do that okay I bought these literally
like four or five years ago and I was in
Indonesia cremes and Indonesia took us
to this place in Bandung and supposed to
be like a factory warehouse credit short
store so apparently like all the
designers who have factories in
Indonesia this shop takes it from the
factories and it's all the stuff that
the brand's don't want anymore so they
don't actually sell them so when I
bought these I was like yet totally
Kenzo mate but looking at them now it's
quite clear that they are safe I bet
you've never worn them but I never want
to check them out because I think it's
quite a funny story I've got great
memories in Indonesia and I actually do
like the jumpers so here they are one is
a bright blue with the yellow caiva
Kenzo and the other is a dark green with
a nice orange okay I don't know why I
haven't worn them probably because of
the fit I was probably right with baggy
jeans drop crotch jeans or something
that's it guys they are all my sweaters
and jumpers I've showed you there are a
few more at home like my big hoodies
that you should always see me wearing in
vlogs so I've got a massive maroon
hoodie and a black one that you always
see me wearing in especially Sid's log
and they are H&M just in case anybody
wants to know I really hope you enjoyed
this collection kind of whatever it was
video and I shall see you in my next
video till next time bye
