hi guys a lot of you guys have said oh
my god no hi guys at beginning of videos
what's going on I'm subscribing ha also
some of you guys with my dog thank God
it stopped say hi guys anyway I looked
really really flush today girl what we
have the heating on anyway today's video
I thought I would finally get round to
doing Beauty Blender vs. silly sponge
not challenge but like test yes the test
which a lot of people have done but I've
been dying to try these things for a
long long time and I'm finally getting
around to it I can't remember where
these are from but they were sent to me
in a peer box opening if you look back
at some of my peer box opening then you
can find out where they're from without
further ado I'm going to get started on
the test I think I'm going to do left
side with Beauty Blender and right side
with silly sponge I've got actually two
different City sponges to try so I can
fire one up here and one down here and
the foundation I'm going to be testing
it with today is Revlon Colorstay and
the shade I'm using is 250 fresh beige I
wanted to try with a liquid foundation
rather than like a stick foundation or
anything like that so we're going to go
ahead with our trusted Beauty Blender
Fair and I'm going to dollop some on the
flat side of my Beauty Blender and go in
and saw I don't know why I do this guys
when I see on videos and I'm talking a
lot I just go into different accents I
really don't know why I do it
people think I'm taking the make out of
different accents and that well not like
it's just something that I do and I know
a lot of people do that like my even my
mom does it or you know there's people
that transition into the person that
they're talking to see if you're on the
phone to your Welsh friend or something
and you just start talking in a Welsh
accent like I'm one of those people
anyway I am going to go in and put that
everywhere I'm also going to apply my
foundation under my eyes as a concealer
I can't be bothered using the concealer
for the test as well as the foundation
so like a long thing okay anyway so
obviously as usual Beauty Blender is
fabulous by the way I currently have
moisturize and prepped my face with
coconut oil today I want quite a natural
finish because I can't be bothered doing
contouring and blush or anything else on
this
do you see blender obviously doing the
fabulous job and then do me for that as
well I don't know what's going on guys
but I think I'm breaking out into adult
accent cuz look well you can't see it
that much now because I put my
foundation on but I'm breaking out
around here and I don't normally ever
break out there okay now I'm going to go
in under my eyes with the pointy bit way
my mama and then I probably will do a
second layer under my eyes as I would
with a concealer you know without easier
the beads and the guys honestly it's got
to do by me eyebrow the foundation is
literally my perfect shade I'm actually
going to just let it sit for a few
seconds under my eyes and then go ahead
and blend it and we will do the same
with the silly sponge a come up a bit
close so you can see the difference in
my skin on both sides which are dumby
let's do this Sam okay okay now let's do
a silly sponge on the right bottom half
of my face and with the bottom half I'm
going to test the one that seems to be a
bit firmer and slightly thicker than the
other one because evidently you can get
different kinds of silly sponges unless
I'm mistaken and City sponges like a
brand and there's just one real one I
actually don't know I haven't really
researched this but I still feels like
too full of them things you see around
them I could be mistaken anyway here it
is not up on click I'm just patting it
on low into this blender and I'm going
to start blending like literally just
like painting me on like how would you
do it would you paint it on from would
you dab I guess I've stopped so I just
start like a blender I don't know like
that the dubbing thing doesn't seem to
work so like my instant reaction is to
like like stroke it in like you know
like blur like you would with a brush
genuinely how people use this because
like it's so streaky look can you see
the streaks I'm just going to keep
dabbing until something happens this is
what my silly sponge is looking like so
far not a lot of products on it actually
oh I said please get me a white makeup
wipe I just saw that much
okay I'm really not enjoying this it
feels sticky and it feels like it feels
sticky and Bitsey but I think that's the
motors going to get blended and it does
look blend it pretty much but not really
it's not really doing anything on the
nose this is like sitting on it but it's
not blended it's just like you see the
skin whereas that cider mint is pretty
Foundation and okay whatever that's
enough for the bottom side now I'm going
to go ahead and try the thinner
silly sponge that I have and it's also
less firm and a bit wrinkly and it's got
a bit of glitter in it for some reason
and I'm going to do my forehead and the
rest of my nose and underneath my eyes
with it so let's start with a bit less
this time I think okay this one is a
little bit more grippy I just feel I
feel like I really need to be careful so
I feel like the foundation is just like
going to fly everywhere you know like
all over my scarf because it's so slippy
there's not much precision because it's
a flat product I think I don't watch the
reviews of any other youtubers I've just
seen a lot of thumbnails for it maybe
cuz I'm doing it I don't know but so far
it's taking singing a lot longer to
blend like can you see under my eyes
very wet I'm streaky I don't like the
feeling I don't like to feel linked it
feels wet I hate it when you're applying
makeup and the wet feeling is taking
ages to go I hate that I'm just going to
keep dabbing it stroking things doesn't
seem to help is just making streaks if I
come up really close and just cut away
like you can kinda see that whereas if I
dab is slightly better
which I guess is just like makeup
application that generally works promote
okay right but slowly it is setting
itself into my skin and looking okay we
can already tell like it's taking me
flippin ages so like get this looking
half season okay from like far away like
you can get away with it like it looks
like fine doesn't it hold on to do a
second application under my eyes
actually like I did with the Beauty
Blender so I'll just go ahead and do
that there's definitely one thing
certain with the silly sponge is that
you definitely don't need as much
product as you do with the Beauty
Blender because it literally doesn't go
anywhere
I literally applied the same amount
under my eyes of a little defeated
lender but look how much more is
actually under there whereas with the
Beauty Blender it was just exactly what
I needed
so wherever in mind that when
are using this literally use half the
amount that that you would dollop onto a
Beautyblender which I suppose is a bonus
because you are saving your makeup which
in turn will save you money however I
don't know if that's good when the
application looks like
I feel slimy guys really really slime
you know okay I think that's about as
much as I'm going to be able to get it
blended you also have a lot of excess
makeup on your fingers when using the
silly sponge where's that the Beauty
Blender obviously it's not as much so
this side is Beauty Blender I still feel
like it's pretty much a flawless
application if I try and bring you guys
a bit closer on my nose this side seems
to be a bit like fluffier I'm not sure
if you can see it but also the moustache
area there's a certain section over here
that it looks like little clumps of
foundation that literally blend anymore
and I literally think that is because
there's too much foundation on it
because the city spun obviously
literally doesn't soak up anything
also the eyelid area overall from this
distance it looks fine everything looks
fine but to me in the mirror I'm like
holy that looks cakey as hell 100%
wouldn't use this thing again like
literally I'm not using these again they
are horrible oh you try it now the Sikh
foundation okay I know what we can do
guys I'm going to wipe this off and we
can do the whole thing again but with a
stick foundation one that's thicker and
we'll see if that makes any difference
whatsoever I'm back guys and I'm going
to be now doing the same thing all over
again but testing it with Revlon
Photoready insta-fix Foundation which is
a stick foundation without further ado I
shall start applying about right okay so
lets blend with Silla sponge ready i'll
see this is a bit different now because
i put the foundation on my face first
rather then on here obviously because of
the stick foundation so it's actually
not doing as bad as it did with the
liquid once
this isn't grossing me out right now
like it did earlier and it's as good
okay just foundation looks a bit too
light for me but you know I would
normally warm it up with bronzer and
that which I'm
not gonna do in this video okay now for
the other side is the blender again the
beauty blender side were a lot quicker
to blend in then be silly sponge however
this time around the silly spun is
actually didn't do that bad but I think
that's down to the thick foundation
texture rather than a liquid foundation
same kind of result going on around the
eye and nose area as you can see like
nothing's happening like it just is it's
just moving it around rather than
blending it okay so it was a bit better
with a thick foundation compared to a
liquid foundation I still don't think I
would go and pick this up again to be
honest with you I know for sure that I
probably would hundreds tens
Beautyblender when maybe I'm doing it
wrong okay maybe you can let me in the
comments maybe this whole thing for the
later times whether it is not one wrong
but who cares still content something I
didn't mention earlier when I took off
the liquid foundation earlier on the
silly sponge slide came off a lot
quicker than the Beauty Blender side and
that's probably because it hadn't fully
sunken in so makes them bearing in mind
I haven't set it at all with a powder or
a setting spray lenses literally nothing
on it other than the foundations and
it's a no from me for the silly sponge I
think I'll stick to Beauty Blender or
makeup brushes or even fingers I think
would do a better job so without further
ado I'm going to leave you now thanks
for watching and I'll see you all my
next videos till next time bye
