hi guys welcome back to the dina tokyo
channel today's video I have a special
guest
it is squiddy Carl no introduction
needed ignore my stupid facial hair
today
I slipped also I'm wearing any makeup
and that is because today me and mr.
coroner Vanita
will be trying this purifying peel-off
mask that I'm pretty sure you've seen
all over the internet cons everybody and
their mama has tried this judging by the
reactions I've been watching it is going
to be incredibly painful
wait painful it does say actually to
avoid the eyebrows eyes and lips I think
I'm actually going to avoid my moustache
area because otherwise it's going to be
like a waxing session rather than a
faith glass coated here you go honey
it's suitable for all kinds of skin if
there are any discomfort after you see
stop using please consult the doctor
promptly ensued and the spelling is all
over the place so this tells me that
this might just be a really bad ideas
but always real black I'm going to put
on my chin because that's what I've got
lose this is really sick oh no come on
wait you're fine I'm just putting it on
the areas I feel like I need I'm not
going to go anywhere near my beard if
it's meant to be painful no don't go
anywhere near your eyes either by the
way
Rambo don't put on your eyebrows you're
watching more I'm really scared so I
work well once it's on yet it has to
come off in it and you've got water
on Instagram there's a little bit like
barber channels and they put and they
put this on the on the guys and then
they put some weird other gold one and
they look like flipping for real rocky
you know all your little fake says that
you can see you'll get they're going to
be ripped off mind already hardening
like my chin you know obviously I'm
Batman you're Robert no no no no no no
no no I didn't tell you guys where the
mask is are from called shield Natural
Science purifying penis marks the
packaging is pretty shitty that's
reading horizont you know para when
you're in high school yeah writing oh my
god that looks cute look the front of it
has the back of the lid where normally
the front of the lid so this bit will be
on the front of the packet this is some
pro side dodgy stuff for everybody in it
months but is obviously bhajiya don't
see this is dodgy that's how you guess
we're shopping on Amazon
she's give it a quick tap on your finger
head should we give it a quick test on
your head and yeah maybe that one inch
we can get rid of that one inch to again
is a dollar bit right here and maybe
your sideburns will get rid of them
Holly wall heat oh you make me smile
okay warm heat but not flipping
chocolate breath are we doing ship
breath should do little bit in your
nostrils it's not barbershop they get
this glueck they put it on to cotton bud
and it should be inside their nose
I mean yank it out Oh gross my son was
killed
yeah and don't understand and all the
comments are like from Arabs put the
hand up faces like yeah yeah it's like
yo man it's like this young kid knows
hazel
so I've been like 20 minutes or 25
minutes yeah pretty short it's the time
right time to peel off but you know you
come up on it my skin does lips yeah
yeah oh my god you silly person what you
can have a patch in the middle of your
head now is that what's gonna happen to
me as well we're gonna look like dorks
oh you really got tighten your skin when
it went off let me see gasps no no no no
are you gonna cry are you really gonna
cry cry I'm gonna cry oh let's see I
thought about basically no blackheads on
my lawyer but all of my little peach
fuzz heads are out there's a big massive
red patch on yeah yeah going must-read
touch and middle of muscle right come on
said you'll go no I'm just I'm gonna
happen I can't do it too thin no no you
started working it on a bit look I just
grabbed it
yes to ten months so much the bit on the
face guys you went for it now let me
help you let me make a quick kill no I'm
just asking you for help I just asked
you on anyway you've done stuff already
leave it
geez this is the worst idea we've ever
had in our life great even more like
gonna vote off my downfall
just gonna make you look so young it is
her little I didn't but it's not cry
it's not cry sort of her really cuz the
 if you alright let's see what
what the damage is here just peach fuzz
again is no blackheads oh I know you
have skin is pretty clear
look I don't know if any blackheads guys
it is crap so far man in Killeen yes
custom it raining hmm maybe only chain I
still got this done we all know I'm
Harris here I won't do it no do not
touch a knife fine you done it
alrighty oh my god can you do my chin
chin is not good the chin is so painful
oh my god it's pulling my eyes oh my did
I'm just gonna go quick quick ready you
just watched your face sorry but that
did not go into my black hair
specializes works with for the basement
let's see if I oh my god Syd
oh my god did Lindsey oh look at
that whoa whoa is that your nose that's
my husband I just touched the blackheads
I thought his hair just touched all your
black hair grows okay there's a
blackhead there's loads of blackheads
right there you didn't get rid of my
nose stuff properly at all though but I
don't see what that's done really of
them made me wear it honestly it made me
mad too it's uh hasn't even really
removed your nose that well barely any
loans rubbish I was what is the
height of our base like I thought okay
is going to be mad painful but it's
going to clean out my pores you really
have it I think you're meant to pull a
lot more on maybe well I don't see how
that it was it was still stuck with you
just as much as it would have been with
Molly I don't think that they're
delicate
I was rubbish guys oh well there you go
we tried and tested it and now you know
not to get it it's crap go for a facial
instead well anyways I mean I dunno yet
on my chin don't know what I'm doing
here but it's like a face mask on how do
I get imagine whatever blackheads show
character it shows you've been places I
really wanted to get rid of my chin
black Edmond no buy this mask it's
rubbish it didn't do anything for us and
let me move a bit of peach fuzz
oh Mike's good feels quite soft
action yeah mine does feel soft but I
think any mask would make the skin feel
obstinately that's it guys thanks for
watching this video see you my next one
see ya was it
