tonight if you look at Saudi Arabia
they're an ally and they're a tremendous
purchaser they want us to survive and to
talk about it on American television why
are these trees leaning we're gonna find
the Lakers they're gonna pay a big price
for linking the Trump administration
inched forward and it's hunter leaders
charging an employee of the Treasury
Department with giving confidential
information to a reporter an 18-page
filing accused Natalie Mayflower Sowers
Edwards of sharing reports of suspicious
financial activity while the complaint
doesn't name who she sent them to it
cites headlines matching articles by
BuzzFeed on the financial dealings of
Paul Manafort and others linked to the
special prosecutors probe more than 45
years after the u.s. left the bien hua
airbase in Vietnam
Secretary of Defense Jim mattis toured
the site that will host the largest ever
u.s. cleanup of Agent Orange at a cost
of three hundred and ninety million
dollars the army used the base to store
the herbicide a recent sample shows that
soil is 1,000 times more toxic than
international limits and a study says
it's spreading to nearby lakes and
creeks Canada legalized recreational
marijuana making good on one of Prime
Minister Justin Trudeau's campaign
promises but not everyone will have the
same freedom to light up in public
provinces and territories each set their
own rules
the Senate may be on recess but the
Senate Judiciary Committee still held a
hearing for a controversial nominee to
the federal appeals court and no
Democrat showed up to question Allison
Jones rushing at 36 years old
with 8 years of experience practicing
law she could spend decades on the 4th
circuit it's a lifetime appointment
you're a rock star but I think to be a
really good federal judge you got to
have some some life experience
the Turkish government has told the
media that it has recordings to prove
exactly what happened to Jamal Khashoggi
and Saudi consulate that is he was
tortured killed and dismembered in rapid
succession many world leaders are
outraged at the Saudi regime so far
president Trump seems like he's still
processing the situation and he's
viewing it through a personal lens so
Saudi Arabia and they have I can only
say I've been here for almost two years
they've been a great ally to me to me
yes Saudi Arabia has been an important
American partner for a long time
that would make responding to the
Khashoggi murder difficult enough but
demanding accountability from Riyadh
could be even harder for Trump because
he's been financially involved with the
Saudis for years we know this because
he's been talking about it since the
1980s by the most expensive apartments
in the world that I happened to build
and I know the people and I like the
people in the early 90s Trump sold a
yacht to a Saudi prince in 2001 the
Saudis bought an entire floor and Trump
World Tower near the United Nations and
during the primary season in 2015 he was
still talking about how much real estate
the Saudis liked to buy from him Saudi
Arabian I get along great with all of
them they buy apartments from me they
spend 40 million 50 million am I
supposed to dislike them I like him very
much
the conversation around the president's
conflicts of interest has been going on
since before he took office it comes up
a lot and we've covered it a lot but now
it's more concrete and questions about
whether the president is acting in the
country's best interest or his own are
impossible to avoid and his opponents
are going to make hay out of that today
11 Senate Democrats sent a letter to
Trump demanding that he disclose all of
his family's financial ties to the
kingdom that's not gonna happen but the
headache isn't going to go away either
for anyone in government at a level
below the presidency how to deal with
this problem is kind of obvious I posed
a hypothetical about that to know a
bookbinder at Citizens for
responsibility and ethics in Washington
let's say he worked in Treasury how
would the Treasury Department handle
your role in this I mean the appropriate
way to handle that
would be recusal there are people in the
government who do recuse themselves from
certain things we've been at the
Treasury Department
probably ethics officials would say
there's too much potential for conflict
you should still sell your interest but
let's say they didn't an ethics official
would look at this and hopefully they'd
say there's too much possible conflict
here you shouldn't work on this you
should recuse yourself the president
can't do that and he did try to get
ahead of this way back in January of
2017 he brought out a lawyer to explain
how he wasn't going to be involved in
his businesses anymore through the trust
agreement he has relinquished leadership
and management of the Trump Organization
to his sons Don and Eric and a longtime
trump executive Alan y slipper what he
didn't do was divest so in the future he
could still benefit and his family is
still benefiting from foreign deals they
already had so the solution is not to
put yourself in this position and not to
have those business interests if a court
were to rule that the president is
violating the Constitution and cannot
accept foreign business then a court
could order him to do something about
that that's one thing that could cause
some real movement here another would be
a change of heart from the president who
realizes that he's in an untenable
situation decides to do something about
it we haven't seen anything resembling a
sign from him that that is likely the
other way that that something could
happen is that the American people could
decide that this is unacceptable
unacceptable and act on that in the
decisions that they make
Christopher is a form of bike racer and
photographer who's now a metalworker
Chris his roommate in Brooklyn New York
is a theater director but a year ago
they took a break from their jobs and
went to Syria to fight the Islamic state
hey nugget he will like attempt to make
himself the center of attention that's
kind of what he does someone reading
Hamlet you'll see it's inscribed from
Conrad bars he found it in rubble in
Raqqa how did reading Shakespeare go
down in Syria it's fine I read the whole
canon I read every single one of them
and the sonnets and OH
what is your life at night now what are
you guys doing I get up very early and I
walk my dog and I go to work I think it
looks a lot like looks suspiciously like
a normal life official American in both
in Iraq I was limited to airstrikes and
small teams of elite Special Forces but
a socialist Kurdish militia group at the
YPG which was doing a lot of fighting on
the ground welcomed far less experienced
fighters from abroad but there's a bunch
of internationals here which is great
I've met a lot of people that are really
cool including Chris and Christopher who
first met in the YPG's ranks Christopher
says he knew of three entire units of
foreigners fighting for the YPG
over dinner we asked the two
Brooklynites to justify why they decided
to fight for a non-state actor in a
foreign war how do you go about doing it
you google it that's all you have yeah
like the first result first we have to
apply when I expressed interest when I
wrote that email they sent back a
questionnaire asking about my political
beliefs my past they said you will be
fighting in the bloodiest war on the
planet
be sure that you are committed to us
going over there for six months out of a
seven year long civil war that continues
to grind on is that not more hassle for
the YPG verses help it was good for them
for propaganda it was good for them
ideologically to demonstrate that there
is international solidarity and that
doesn't just come from the coalition and
their bombers they want us to survive
they want us to have seen what they're
really doing and to talk about it on
American television that's our our real
contribution much more than a military
way so jaehun
what are in your magazine pouches this
one has a combat application tourniquet
and a Kalashnikov magazine these are
hand grenades in this one as skittles
had you held a gun before going out that
I was a boy scout
people in my family have had guns my
whole life firearms weren't look
familiar to me
yikes what were you actually doing out
there
like what did day-to-day life okay
you're in a position and - is there and
maybe there in this building there and
you're in this building there someone at
all times has to be watching those other
buildings looking out through a little
hole in concrete with sandbags around
you every once in a while something
happens and there's a firefight there's
an air strike there's something going on
most of the time it's super boring they
see them with the scopes these guys see
how many people did you kill no you
don't know have you heard anyone right
so everything in front of you is - and
you see a windowpane
move so you start to pay attention to
the next time it closes you put three
bullets through it doesn't open again
did you kill anybody right it doesn't
matter to me whether I killed anyone or
not
I went there to help win a war and that
is incidentally often done by killing
people but I didn't go to killing
how much of the Battle of Raqqa were you
guys there for two or three months like
the end I represent in the city when
like the liberation was announced when
the - surrender occur I stood on that
ground that had been a slave market for
women you know I saw those cells where
they had tortured people and we
collectively stopped them today well
into the war seventh year almost all the
YPG's foreign volunteers have gone home
or been killed Christopher and Chris
left Syria after the battle in Raqqa
just before Christmas last year what was
it like coming back through US security
is it really that easy to just go to
Syria for a few months and then pop back
I walked in the United States they stamp
my passport they said welcome home
didn't ask you even nobody asked at all
so far the US government hasn't taken
any action against the returned YPG
volunteers the Department of Justice
told vice news that it would have to
review each individual case before
determining whether anyone broke the law
but called traveling abroad to fight
quote a really bad idea and said we
strongly discourage it why why did you
head over there I found out about the
Russian Revolution when Rolling Stone
published an article about international
volunteers I believed in the political
and social goals that they were you know
trying to structure their new society
around and also - is objectively the bad
guy the only reason that I personally
wouldn't go would be cowards was it also
because it sounded like an adventure
look like fun
there's not such a thing in hearing no
no I mean I was totally there was no
part of you that was like this will be
fun this will be an adventure this will
be something that I'll think about the
rest of my life I thought I might die
I live here
where you in and I don't need to tell
you that well you knew last Friday a
white woman in st. Louis tried to block
a black man from entering the building
where he lived followed him to his
apartment door you see my keys in the
door and then called the police she said
his presence made her uncomfortable it
was just the latest example of an
all-too-common phenomenon white people
calling the cops on black people who
were just minding their own business I
get these types of calls anywhere
between one to ten times a shift and we
work anywhere between 12 to 16 hour
shifts common denominator and all the
calls was that it was a black male in a
community that was typically
predominantly white the parable is that
they can opt to be anonymous when they
call it in so they can be the oh he
doesn't belong here or that person is
walking around a seemingly suspicious
something's going on did you want
contact no and they would block their
numbers when we call and he is directing
us to do his bidding that would
test me lies he did the job long enough
you can read between the lines between
what the dispatcher is writing and
what's truly being said the first thing
I would always do is immediately tell
them I'm here because someone called 911
to report you as being a suspicious
person I wanted them to understand that
I had no choice but to be there to talk
to them because someone else had called
911 one I had received a call when I was
working in metro Atlanta about a person
who was trespassing at a private pond
it was stocked with fish and only
residents and their guests were allowed
to fish at the pond I pulled up the
gentleman walked over to me he asked if
I was there because of him when I told
him that I had received a call that he
wasn't allowed to be fishing there and
he pointed to his house you could see
his house from the pond he said I've
lived here for several years and it's
not the first time my neighbors have
called on me
the one that I'll always pick out my
mind is a gentleman that used to walk
every morning every morning like
clockwork 5:00 a.m.
he'd grab his walking stick and he'd go
for a walk and like clockwork
I have 5:15 he'd be passing a specific
point in his route somebody would call
and they would contact 9-1-1 and they
would report a black male wearing
all-black carrying a baseball bat and to
them it was suspicious activity all of
us know where this person is known by
their first name
we'll call him Jerry and no it's not a
bad that he's carrying and then off it
out there officers would relay that it's
probably Jerry but we'll go out there
and check out just to be sure
officers will go out there and they
would say everything is fine it's Jerry
Jerry's out there doing his walk I'm not
sure if Jerry moved or if officers just
told him to stop making that route but
we stopped getting calls and we stopped
sending officers out one account that
really sticks with me to this day that
pisses me off is we Charley we had
access to our patrol cars and we were
driving to training well we had several
officers in our agency were black and
one day in the late afternoon the call
came in and said hey let you know that
the black man driving with cars so it's
probably stolen and it was anonymous
Rock so dispatch figured out really
quick with GPS which car they were
talking about these black and people and
plainclothes because that's the training
calls for that thing however forget that
just the plain racism kind of made jokes
afterward I you know we should send one
of the other black officers you're going
to make contact with that person you
know and see if everything was okay with
them you know they were not enough so we
couldn't do it
is this permafrost we're walking on now
yes we're on top of intact permafrost on
a hillock and as we walk down this area
is actually starting to collapse dr.
Charles Miller is a climate scientist at
NASA's Jet Propulsion lab he's studying
permafrost Arctic soil that's thawing as
a planet warms and causing havoc in the
boreal forests of Alaska he took us to
an area just outside of Fairbanks
with the ground is starting to melt so
as we walked through here you'll notice
that number one as we get in here the
terrain becomes quite squishy and this
is the active layer beginning to thaw
out underneath what we're standing on
don't--but on a mattress kind of yes
it's very spotty gives and you can see
all the vegetation comes down with it
why are these trees leaning the
permafrost that had been giving them
firm structure underneath has degraded
it's thawed out underneath and so it's
collapsing I'm now down in the bottom of
this drainage gully then you can begin
to see how the soil is even falling away
through here this kind of abrupt erosion
as you can see is causing the trees to
tilt in the forest could eventually
collapse on itself and this will change
rather dramatically in the next decade
or so
areas like this where permafrost is
melting or scattered throughout northern
Alaska
making them hard to study at scale but
dr. Miller is doing just that he's
leading a NASA team called the Arctic
boreal vulnerability experiment the
scientists fly a jet loaded with
sophisticated laser sensors over the
Alaskan tundra to monitor changes in the
permafrost the flaps are set Tramp is 12
checked why is it important to measure
that active layer permafrost we have
seen over the last 30 or 40 years that
the temperature in the permafrost is
rising dramatically in fact last year
was the hottest winter on record in the
Arctic and from the air you can see
where changes are starting to have it
when the permafrost thaws and the ice in
the permafrost vanishes frequently what
happens is there's a large subsidence or
lowering of the ground surface that
provides a very convenient place for
water to collect so you will see as if
by magic new lakes and ponds appear
across the Arctic every year while the
great thaw is yet another indicator of
climate change the concern about what's
happening here goes much deeper than
that as the permafrost thaws microbes
start digesting that carbon and
releasing co2 and methane two major
greenhouse gases into the atmosphere
just last week the UN's climate panel
rain the alarm bell about the impact
this release will have on global warming
there is approximately 1000 billion
metric tons of organic carbon in the top
three meters of soil in the permafrost
to put that in context there's
approximately 350 billion tons of carbon
that's been released into the atmosphere
from all of the human activity since the
beginning of the Industrial Revolution
so about three times that amount is in
those top three meters of permafrost
soils if even a portion of that carbon
gets released it could be devastating to
the planet and if global temperatures
rise as a UN panel predicts dr. Miller
says that sudden permafrost thaw could
be imminent it might happen sooner
rather than later and it might happen
faster than we're currently expecting hi
I'm Kurt Vile and this is me dissecting
bass-ackwards words with words
to be honest when I wrote bass-ackwards
I was down the shore and I was coming
out of it but I was definitely having
some sort of meltdown drinking lots of
alcohol to like calm me down not
necessarily an ideal way you want to
always calm yourself down says it so
this song is really like sort of coming
out of of a place of you know some kind
of anxiety pushing down on your on your
brains or whatever I started just on a
drum machine that Sean Everett who
recorded this song and mixed it and
everything he just hammered out this
simple beat on his phone we had this
girl Barbra grewcica and she's an
incredible drummer she probably did the
ultimate compliment to this song when
she listened back cause she liked at all
that's transported with it took you
somewhere if he took he took you to
outer space and back or something that's
that's a good take
we pushed up to two acoustic guitars and
made sure they were definitely running
the show that that's the roots that's
the foundation there's all the grooves
in the guitar you know and hypnosis is
in the acoustic guitar
there's a backwards guitar every time I
said bass ackwards I wanted to just have
a loop pedal play in Reverse like the
Beatles and other people done before me
but
the harp my friend married Lattimore of
insists just got this way with melody it
sounds like a little piano in the
background it's not too loud in the mix
it's subliminal melody like the world's
at a boiling point now with computers
everybody sees everything that's going
on like it's like a massive static or
moving forward they're going backwards
let's go outside walk through the woods
get out and get out of your chair
you
you
