tonight hurricane Harvey drowns Houston
I'm just trying to focus on like right
now it's just Eric Trump defends his
pardon in the middle of a hurricane even
though it was a Friday evening I assume
the ratings would be far higher than
they would be normally and tying
wildlife die-offs to climate change
in the face of growing international
pressure and sanctions North Korea
test-fired yet another ballistic missile
which flew over the Japanese island of
Hokkaido before crashing into the sea
Japan treated the launch as a potential
attack in the Japanese fire and disaster
management agency warned the public to
seek shelter North Korea now tests
missiles regularly but the last time it
sent one over Japanese land was in 2009
president Trump is restoring the full
scope of a program that allows Police
Department's to receive and use surplus
military equipment like armored vehicles
and grenade launchers President Obama
limited the program in 2015 after the
heavily armed police response to the
riots in Ferguson Missouri saying the
military gear could make the police feel
like a quote occupying force these
restrictions that had been imposed went
too far we will not put superficial
concerns about public safety we will do
our best to get you what you need a
German male nurse already serving a life
sentence for two murders is now accused
of killing 84 more people at two clinics
from 1999 to 2002 and 2003 to 2005
forty-year-old meals her goal who
covered his face when he appeared in
court in 2014
previously admitted to deliberately
injecting patients with deadly drugs and
then trying to save them so he could
play the hero investigators say the
number of victims could be even higher
because some patients were cremated
armed men claiming to represent the
indigenous Mapuche people in Chile
hijacked and burned 29 logging trucks in
an escalating conflict with forestry
companies Mapuche leaders have accused
companies of taking their land and
draining Natural Resources but said non
indigenous people with political motives
may be responsible for the incidents the
world's strictest law against plastic
pollution went into effect today in
Kenya from this point forward anyone
producing selling or even using a
plastic bag will face four years in
prison or pay a fine between nineteen
thousand and thirty eight thousand
dollars the government insists ordinary
citizens won't be harmed and that the
law will target manufacturers you find
them in our water bodies we find them
littering our landscapes we also they
also adjusted by our livestock
hurricane Harvey has dumped close to a
year's worth of rain in parts of Texas
or more than nine trillion gallons of
water unleashing catastrophic flooding
and destruction unprecedented in scale
this is this is going to cost a great
deal on so many different levels at
least eight people have died and seven
million people 1/4 of Texas's population
live in the 18 counties that have
already been declared disaster zones the
storms costs are projected to be in the
tens of billions the greatest losses
will be in Houston parts of which are
now subject to mandatory evacuation
orders but large swaths of the flat
flood prone city including crucial
transportation infrastructure are now
submerged by impassable floodwaters
shelters in the city have taken in tens
of thousands of people and are reaching
capacity I don't know what's waiting for
us at home I'm imagining all of these
like horrible scenarios like this water
is gonna make our building collapse our
roof collapse I have no idea what's
gonna happen I'm just trying to focus on
like right now it's just scary
Harvey's destruction may have already
surpassed that of Hurricane Allyson
which devastated Houston in 2001 and
since then the sprawling metro area has
added more than 2 million residents many
of their homes built on grasslands that
might have helped absorb the floods
impact levees holding back the Brazos
River could fail and the Army Corps of
Engineers has started releasing waters
from reservoirs designed to protect the
city from storm surges flooding nearby
homes to prevent dams from collapsing
FEMA expects to get 450,000 requests for
federal assistance and has sent 1,800
staff members to the area including 14
urban search-and-rescue teams
governor Greg Abbott has deployed the
entire Texas National Guard 12,000
troops to respond to the disaster this
is a place that Texas and FEMA will be
involved in for a long long time we need
to recognize is going to be a new normal
will be a new and different normal for
this entire region but we will not stop
until we get as far as we can
for now many of those trapped by the
water are being rescued by civilians in
boats large trucks and whatever's at
hand
we're just trying to keep the baton stay
strong and stay positive we're sticking
together as a unit
as the storm board down on Texas on
Friday President Trump made good on a
naked ly political promise pardoning
former arizona sheriff joe arpaio
he defended the decision and its timing
at a news conference today in the middle
of a hurricane even though it was a
Friday evening I assume the ratings
would be far higher than they would be
normally our Payoh had been convicted of
criminal contempt of court essentially
for refusing to stop systemic racial
profiling of Latinos by his deputies
Arpaio is one of the most polarizing
figures in the immigration debate which
puts him right in step with the
commander in chief the president's
decision to partner Joe Arpaio came as
no surprise to immigrant rights
activists in Arizona who've been
fighting Arpaio and his policies for
years they say that from the moment
Trump announced his candidacy in 2015 by
calling Mexican immigrants rapists and
drug smugglers they knew that Trump
could become a powerful ally for our
pilot I spoke to Carlos Garcia executive
director of Puente Arizona and every
good rights group in Maricopa County
minutes after the pardon was announced
on Friday evening we knew Trump was in a
tie himself to Arpaio pardoned him and
pushed those same policies that are piyo
had here in Maricopa County for us this
immense president Trump as a white
supremacist president as a president
that stands by people like Sheriff
Arpaio
and attacks people in our community just
like Arpaio did our piyo gave Trump an
important early endorsement I'm here to
endorse a great Patriot and it's just
easy to endorsement because everything I
believe in he's doing and he's going to
do it and when he becomes president and
the two had already worked together to
promote the idea that President Obama
wasn't born in the US
so the partner wasn't exactly shocking
but it does tell us something about how
Trump sees executive power the ability
that the Constitution gives the
president to pardon people is virtually
unlimited and presidential pardons have
pretty much always been controversial
but there are still some things that
make this pardon unusual presidents in
the past have typically tried to keep
their pardons low-profile for example
they often wait until the final days of
their administration so they don't have
to deal with too much political blowback
but perhaps the most important thing is
the fact that Trump pardoned Arpaio for
violating a court injunction intended to
protect the constitutional rights of
Americans Martin redish a professor of
law at Northwestern University says
that's something that hasn't happened
before and the implications are huge the
only way the courts can effectively
enforce the Bill of Rights protections
on the executive branch is through an
injunction if the president can use the
pardon power as a weapon
basically to insulate himself and all
other government officers from judicial
control then the president's all
powerful there's no limits left on the
president's power in other words the
pardon of Joe Arpaio looks less like an
expression of mercy and forgiveness and
more like a naked attempt on Trump's
part to circumvent the courts and the
Constitution to protect his allies Trump
is famous for putting a high premium on
loyalty and for throwing red meat to his
base who loved our pile what Trump
doesn't care about our institutional
traditions including judicial
independence in the rule of law which
means that especially as the Russian
investigation heats up more divisive
pardons could be in store
pardoning Arpaio wasn't the president's
only big move on Friday night he also
issued a memorandum adding detail to the
vague ban on transgender people in the
military
he'd announced on Twitter a month ago
the memo ordered an indefinite hold on
trans people joining up announced that
the military would stop paying for
transition surgeries in March of next
year and directed the Secretary of
Defense to decide what to do about trans
troops already in the ranks soldiers
like Jamie Moyer a military policeman
who served in Afghanistan and been on
active duty for seven years le rÃªve met
up with him on base in Washington State
so general mattis has some flexibility
in what policy to implement in the next
six months do you have any ideas of what
you think he might do or what you think
he should do I think it seems like we
have a decent amount of his support and
a video has posted on like army WTF
moments it was of him basically keep
your head up and America's not in the
right place and we're gonna get it in
the right place you're applying time
you're a great example for our country
right now it's got involved you know
what and I know it they've got problems
that we won't we don't have in the
military and you just you just hold the
line might find untold to the sailors
that to me was a bit comforting and was
saying we should just keep going keep
doing what we're doing and everything
will fall into place like it's supposed
to
what if they would no longer play for
any treatment related to transitioning
how would that affect you um the worst
part would be trying to find a doctor
off post to prescribe my testosterone
that would be the worst and hardest part
it's just because it's a new doctor bill
and finding a doctor that that you know
I like and that's caught up
educationally about how it all works
I just really wish that we had an
official answer already my wife and I
like to plan everything so you know my
plan is to be a careerist and to stay in
for at least the 20 years and then get
out of the military and I need to know
as soon as possible if that's not gonna
be a feasible option for me so that way
I can start making other plans exactly
will support and defend anything that's
put out I'll adhere to any policy that's
made but I can't adhere to something if
it's not policy yet India is bracing for
more violence after a powerful spiritual
guru was sentenced to 20 years in prison
for raping two of his female followers
Gurmeet rom Rahim Singh is the
flamboyant leader of the data such a
Saudis act and his tens of millions of
supporters call him Godman Singh's
conviction last week led to riots which
left at least 38 people dead and
hundreds injured India's military has
been called in to contain an army of
enraged fanatics demanding the release
of their goon
India's security forces are keeping
people away from the jail where Singh is
being held when the sentence came down
the judge went to the prison to deliver
it rather than hold a hearing in open
court a curfew is in place in two
northern provinces to prevent more riots
and police have been told to shoot
troublemakers on site data such a soda
is a massively popular quasi religious
sect that promises to connect its
followers to God if they follow all the
teachings of the Guru Singh has been
involved in the movement since he was a
boy and he took over as its leader when
he was 23 now 50 his brand of spiritual
leadership and unapologetic wealth put
him more in line with the hip hop star
than a traditional religious leader but
the sect has powerful appeal in part
because it's open to people from all
castes and the group claims 60 million
members Singh has major clout and close
ties to the ruling party but the slick
veneer could be covering up widespread
sexual abuse Singh is currently being
investigated for two murders and the
castration of 400 male followers and
there's speculation that more victims of
sexual abuse may be about to come
forward the Guru has always denied any
wrongdoing anorak Tripathi is an
investigative journalist who's been
reporting on data such as soda for a
decade getting members to talk has been
a struggle for two months we were trying
to talk to our people but such was
affair that nobody was willing to come
on the camera but in the meantime we got
enough information and we realized that
it's just not one isolated case of
Arriba Singh's lawyers say he'll appeal
to a higher court to overturn the
conviction and in the eyes of his
followers he's utterly blameless
completely Darian I could be artistic
scientist of our I be a devil after
Guadalupe Joe Prado low-beam said Julie
weigh the biological sharing it
collectively
vitia bukuvu hotdogs are immortal
passado hair beauty of the bike
if you live in Alaska and come across a
dead animal you call Kathy burek that
should keep that stuff safe from any do
so many props of your precinct if I'd
gear back raise kneepads sample kits
just loaded up Kathy is one of three
veterinary pathologists in all of Alaska
she's hired by various local and federal
agencies to examine the carcasses of
wild animals
alright that should do it that means
she's the person who sounds the alarm
when animal populations unexpectedly
decline because of things like climate
change what we do is try to figure out
why animals die I work with a lot of
different wildlife species up here
humpbacks and whales beluga whales polar
bears Kathy has studied hundreds of
animal deaths but in recent years she's
noticed things that are hard to ignore
there are indications that we are seeing
changes in the environment with climate
change there are several things that can
happen that can cause increased disease
incidences in different places they have
animals moving you have vectors moving a
disease they just be able to survive
better in the environment
in 2015 for instance Kathy recorded a
worrisome trend sea otters were dying at
five times the rate they normally do and
her research showed that the increase
was linked to unusually warm water
Alaska isn't the only place experiencing
an uptick in animal deaths mass animal
die-offs have been on the rise
everywhere from the Great Barrier Reef
to the Siberian tundra last year in the
Russian Arctic
scientists linked an anthrax outbreak to
a pathogen release from rapidly thawing
ice it infected thousands of reindeer
which people rely on for food and caused
the death of at least one boy
investigations like the ones that Kathy
performs played a key role in figuring
out what happened
sharp instruments fainting you know it's
kind of a normal human reaction when you
see the innards of things and things
smell a little bit not so good
we'll pass out
yeah it's there
we got an animal the biggest thing that
people misunderstand about my job is
that they've been watching too much CSI
or Quincy ear bones and you know they'll
expect that we're gonna get an answer
like an hour and these things take a
while sometimes you don't figure out the
absolute answer love to see what the
blubber thickness is but you can also
see the shoulders shoulder bones very
prominently but maybe instead of don't
mail Kathy is careful not to attribute
everything she's seen to climate change
she approaches every carcass with an
open mind all right so I think the next
thing is to try and roll him all right
so I did a boy yep so as with any dead
animal the sample she takes from the sea
lion will get tested for bacteria
viruses and contaminants that data will
in turn help authorities and scientists
keep track of local and in some cases
global trends a little fat there is
you're it's just crazy we don't know the
absolute cause of death at this point so
now we gotta do sampling it's difficult
to talk about how climate cheese is
gonna affect or is affecting particular
species you just do like a bag and a tag
but we hope that by pulling together all
these little individual cases I can
eventually have a bigger picture we can
talk about all right I'm done that big
picture isn't just important for
maintaining animal populations possum
deliver
and Kathy knows that every time she
approaches a carcass she keeps an eye
out for diseases that could infect
humans too
I think people should care about what's
going on with wildlife species because
they can be an indicator of what's going
on in the environment and it can reflect
on what might potentially happen to us
hi I'm Benny safty and this is Josh
sassy no I'm Betty no no I'm Betty say
our Father makes this mistake all the
time even into the moniker as the safty
brothers let's switch it again this is
Josh sassy I'm Benny safty and recoat
directed good time good time is a movie
about a romantic psychopath who robs a
bank with his bail money disabled
brother and it goes terribly wrong and
one of them ends up in jail and the
other one ends up on the run and spends
the duration of the movie trying to get
him out it's a heist movie on untasted
in a weird way I was in my hotel room
which I was sharing with my producer at
the and I received an email from Rob
Pattinson basically saying like hey I
don't know why but I feel this innate
connection to Hugh and you know I would
love to you know talk to you about
making something if you're interested I
mean he literally said to us like listen
whatever you're working on next I want
to be a part of even if it's catering
and you know of course that's a romantic
thing to say but but it meant something
to us you know Rob isn't American and
he's not from New York so we had to kind
of build the character writing the
character background was almost harder
than writing the screenplay and he's
made out like three different scripts
yeah there was a lot of versions I've
ever said in rabaa script and I mean I
actually hold on him to send you new
draft and like five days later to be a
completely new script all within the
same world
so you know but yeah it was a very
arduous experience so I don't normally I
actually don't I've never really done
storyboards certain there were certain
scenes that we had while we're working
with stunt coordinators and SFX
companies like they they actually
demanded storyboards because they all
need to be able to see it in reference
it visually we did a helicopter sequence
in the movie I told them us like alright
I have some plans of things we need to
shoot and they're like ok cool so I'm
like pulling this thing out while we're
up in the air I was like no guys we
gotta like get down low next to the
camera next to the car so we can pull
out and expose the ferris wheel I was
like putting it in front of his face
like this I was like that he's like move
that out of my way and you know and how
old he's like print ups from like OJ
Simpson chase because we had a white SUV
that we were following for a while and
I'm hearing JFK air-traffic-control
yelling and the helicopters saying like
helicopter 479 3 get out clear the
airspace of either the skies I was like
are they talking to you say yes look to
your right and look to my right there's
a seven-foot there's a 747 this is like
pulling into JFK and he's like that's
gonna hit us we have one take so we were
like radioing down to the car and I was
like alright just make sure first frame
is this and he literally had it lined up
perfectly and we got one take we had it
there's movies where the the screen
comes to the audience and then there's
movies where the audience is brought
onto the screen like almost against
their will he's like what are you gonna
do what which one are you gonna make and
I think the ones were you're kind of
brought up to the screen like almost
like an alien invasion like taking
everybody oh my god what's happening
right now that's what we kind of want to
do and that's these we want to make
that's vice news tonight for Monday
August 28th
you
