trevor sand is a Gulf War veteran a
quadriplegic and as of about ten years
ago an avid marijuana user
you see on so many pain pills a lot of
opiates and muscle relaxers not over 40
medications until I started using
cannabis now I'm done a to hurt I don't
fall asleep in mid-sentence anymore you
know it's his quality of life the VA
prescribed Trevor dozens of medications
after a freak accident in the pool
paralyzed most of his body a year and a
half later he discovered marijuana and
used it to replace most of his meds he's
tried to talk to his doctors about it
but none of them will discuss his
cannabis use which costs him as much as
$1,300 a month 100% of the nurses at the
VA are like yes the veterans are it
helps but then you get to these doctor
oh my gosh
you mean they actively avoid talking
about it oh yes oh yeah you tell the
doctor look I've been taking this and it
makes me feel better and they say you're
imagining this pretty much yeah
the first year that he was home I
thought that's we were gonna live the
rest of our lives
I drew off of his mouth he couldn't even
hold the conversation right because he'd
fall asleep because he was on so much so
many pills you want 47 different
medications they were slowly killing his
liver I was losing my father have you
made a point to talk to other veterans
oh yes as many as I can
99 percent of them is there a way I
could get off the bills they don't like
him they don't like the effects and I'd
say a hundred percent of them that have
tried cannabis Wow
in late July Trevor and his daughter
Erica went to a round table at the
Wisconsin State Capitol we're about a
dozen veterans and supporters shared
their stories and frustrations with a
state representative many of them use
marijuana for PTSD from March 8 2008 to
December 31st I was prescribed nine
thousand nine hundred and ninety five
pills and forty eight hundred and
seventy five of those were class two
pain medications xanax and other mood
altering drugs I came back and had what
I now know to be extreme PT full-blown
PTSD from the from the get-go having to
go through a black market and getting
you know couch lock type strains versus
something that could actually allow me
to function day to day is huge my
children say that I'm mad in the morning
means I've had bad dreams they have this
acronym in you know dad's mad in the
morning and my wife says ash take ten
minutes that ten minutes is our code
word for ash go smoke some cannabis
you'll be a lot nicer to the family
we'll all get along much better and so I
smoke not just for myself but for my
kids and for my wife for my
relationships marijuana has not only
been shown to help with things like pain
management and post-traumatic stress
syndrome but also in curbing opioid
abuse which is an especially big problem
for military veterans they're nearly
twice as likely to die from accidental
opioid overdoses than civilians
according to data collected in 2005 from
VA patients your VA doctor can't talk to
you about this this treatment that's
been really useful to you what do you
want them to know and what do you feel
like would help you convince them that
they should treat it differently
I've met a lot of them who they will
tell you I can't prescribe it but you
should try it
don't tell anybody I'm saying you know
and that's a shame because they are
medical professionals and their hands
are tied
oh is it okay with somebody with asthma
can use an inhaler but if I think a
Popoff this right now everybody look at
me funny and I'm spasming like crazy
because it hurts like hell
there's a growing sense that the voice
of veterans might be the best way to
change the federal policy on medical
marijuana and support is mounting most
major national veteran's service
organizations have already backed
medical cannabis the others are waiting
on the results of an ongoing study in
Phoenix it's the first government backed
research of its kind this is a limited
space but we make it work and sue Sisley
is in charge of the study which began
earlier this year it's the first ever
fda-approved clinical look at the
effects of cannabis on veterans with
PTSD but like all controlled trials in
the US it has to use extremely low-grade
government weed it was like not great
cannabis I have to say a lot of people
would not recognize this as cannabis if
you look inside it kind of looks like
what's left over after you use weed
factly
yeah it's it's 0.08 grams of cannabis so
it's a very minimal amount when I heard
about this government-sponsored study I
didn't necessarily think it would look
like this I mean people will assume that
you know a government sponsored project
is gonna have all of the kind of bells
and whistles of a legit big pharma trial
and maybe we look kind of low how do you
say under funded sizzly wishes she had
more than the two million dollars she
got from the state of Colorado but what
she absolutely needs is access to more
veterans for the study to be
statistically significant it has to
include 76 veterans who meet a set of
very specific requirements but after
seven months sizzly has only managed to
find 20 she blames the Veterans Affairs
Office the Phoenix VA hospital has the
highest density of treatment resistant
veterans they probably have 20,000
patients there we need them
and we can't access them the Phoenix VA
has set up a brick wall there so most
these veterans who are going everyday
have no idea that this study is
happening in their backyard in early
August sizzly sent a letter to shokan
asking him to force the Phoenix VA to
cooperate she still hasn't heard back we
asked the National and Phoenix VA for a
response but neither was willing to
address the study I can tell you that
the majority of the public will continue
to be skeptical until there's controlled
data that's published in a peer-reviewed
journal if the study stalls or is
cancelled
it's hard to imagine Medical Marijuana
will become a treatment option for
veterans anytime soon
veterans who live in states where
medical marijuana is legal can go
elsewhere and pay out of pocket
veterans like Trevor who don't will have
to continue medicating themselves or go
back to taking opiates
I use my cannabis for my pain rather
than the pills because my organs are
gonna love me a lot longer you're gonna
last longer which means when as I get
older I won't have to be on as much
medications when we signed up for
military hey you promised take care of
this you know we're doing the best we
can why you're gonna fill us full pills
you
