when we are divided up we fail when we
stand together we win
this should be the perfect moment for
Democrats to make a specific case that
they're the better alternative to Donald
Trump's Republican Party but last night
at a town hall here in Detroit Bernie
Sanders spent two hours Bernie Sanders
Inge
he spent the event pushing the same
priorities that defined his 2016
presidential run if every other major
country guarantees health care to every
man woman and child in their Nations
by god we can do it in the United States
of America
the policies he's proposing whatever
their merits don't have the support of
much of the Democratic mainstream let
alone the republican-controlled Congress
in making promises that won't come true
is a good recipe for frustration within
the progressive base and it may partly
explain the Democratic Party's dismal
fundraising numbers during the first
half of this year the Democratic
National Committee raised only about
thirty eight million dollars about half
of what the Republican National
Committee raised but the problem goes
beyond money for better or for worse
Bernie Sanders is the center of the
Democratic Party's energy and his
response to the Trump era so far has
been to tack even more forcefully to the
left democracy means one-person one-vote
you'll get a vote and you've got a boat
I get a vote it does not mean
billionaires buying elections but in
doing so he's missing an opportunity to
make a broader appeal to moderates many
of whom are looking for a reason to vote
against Donald Trump and while his
platform should be popular among
Democrats at least his strongest
supporters in Detroit weren't talking
about how to reinvigorate the party they
were urging Bernie to leave the party
altogether why why don't we start a new
party that's separated from these elites
that are heavy-handed in
doing whatever they want
you
