tonight the Sweden Democrats were
started by people who had Nazi
backgrounds I haven't read up on the
history of completely they did not start
out the so-called big boys that can hit
America good news is in two months we
have a chance to restore some sanity in
our politics the United States will use
any means necessary to protect our
citizens and those of our allies from
unjust prosecution by this illegitimate
Court in his first formal address
National Security Advisor John Bolton
threatened the International Criminal
Court with sanctions if it continues to
investigate American troops in
Afghanistan or Israeli actions against
Palestinians Bolton also announced the
closure of the Palestinian Liberation
Organization US headquarters CBS is
revealing how much it could pay out
longtime CEO Leslie Moonves following
his resignation if an internal
investigation into allegations of sexual
misconduct absolves Moonves to walk away
with 120 million dollars if not he'll
get nothing more than three million
people living in Syria's last rebel-held
province Eid Lib nearly half of whom
fled their for safety are now trapped
while the russian-backed Syrian
government escalates his offensive the
United Nations warned it lip could
become an unprecedented crisis there
needs to be ways of dealing with this
problem that don't turn the next few
months in Italy into the worst
humanitarian catastrophe with the
biggest loss of life of the 21st century
the Koch brothers have pledged to spend
400 million dollars on this year's
midterms through their nonprofit
organization Americans for Prosperity
that money isn't a lot to go to specific
candidates enter their new super PAC
Americans for Prosperity action will be
able to raise and spend unlimited
amounts of money advocating for specific
candidates and won't have to deal with
those pesky nonprofit IRS restrictions
Sweden's two main political parties are
in a deadlock after Sunday's national
election to get anything done they're
gonna have to work with each other or
walk back a promise to never reach out
to the Sweden Democrats they're a
far-right anti-immigrant party that won
17 percent of the vote the biggest
increase for any party on the face of it
so d'italia looks like almost everywhere
else in Sweden but this stockholm suburb
the birthplace of tennis legend Bjorn
Borg is unique him knew you well vote
Jason Frieden is the principal at the
Vasa School in so d'italia her students
reflect the country's dramatic changes
so what is the kind of ethnic breakdown
of the school I also didn't see many
what would what would people would think
we're traditionally Swedish people no
and if you look at that I think I have
one family what it what you could call
like in I think all Swedish background
I'm with that I mean that you have
parents and grandparents man lived here
Swedish a white family yeah yeah in the
whole school yeah I had yeah I have
three students one family how many
students are there here six seven eight
explain that to me actually as a sweet
what is it to be Swedish well I thought
I knew
but think I'm kind of asking myself the
same question because I have students
that don't have Swedish with them even
though they lived and they're born here
so that's quite a challenge in said
Italia you can essentially live and live
a normal life without ever yeah speaking
well at least in this area here it's
difficult for me and not having our back
getting along Serritella has one of the
largest immigrant populations in the
country more than half of the people
here were born abroad
mr. Christians from Syria and Iraq
that's up from 13% just ten years ago
Sweden has accepted more than 50,000
asylum applications every year since
2000 the peak came in 2015 when a
hundred and sixty three thousand people
applied the highest rate per capita ever
recorded in the European Union in
Sunday's results show that the taboo
around questioning Sweden's immigration
policy is changing oh yeah the PIO tell
Americans a boost I first this little
bit
Linda people saw some andreas barrier
son joined the Sweden Democrats in 2014
on Sunday he won a seat on so tattaglias
City Council but the Sweden Democrats
still managed to come third in local
elections
he jumps is he holding it so stop
offense abuse the fact that Sweden
Democrats now wield serious power and
will likely play the role of kingmaker
in forming a new government is shocking
considering the party has long been
discounted as a fringe band of racists
the Sweden Democrats were started by
people who had Nazi backgrounds yeah I
must say I'm very I haven't read up on
the history completely I've heard a lot
of stories I've heard from both come now
if you're a member of the party in the
claim is frequently yep that the part
that you're member of is started by
Nazis I do a bit of reading absolutely
no I've read on about and what I mean is
I haven't completely gone into you mean
research and try to look up everything
but I'd like that's true though isn't it
yeah there were members of I mean people
who from a Nazi background who were part
of the starting the party absolutely
let's go back to that moment Sweden
Democrats are rising they're becoming a
force in Swedish politics and your
impression of them at the time is that
they're they're racist everybody was
very concerned with the Swedish
Democrats saying they were racist and
there was a lot of propaganda it's
targeted towards them but then in 2011
the Alliance made made a pact to change
the policies of illegal immigrants in
Sweden where they would have the same
rights as legal immigrants or I mean the
speech population in general like in my
opinion like the Swedish Sweden is
responsible the governor's
responsibility is to its citizens it's
in first place and then you can try to
consider how you can take care of or
help other countries or people bury
ursins next-door-neighbor
a shereena her mez is a Swedish citizen
to but not the kind his party is
fighting for her mez a school teacher
arrived in Sodor Talia as a teenage
refugee from Iraq almost 20 years ago
she's worried about the rise of the
Sweden Democrats new neighbors right
here we talked to them today you know
that he is going to be in the City
Council in sort of telia as a
representative of Sara M cross 1 yeah
what do you think about that it's very
sad because sour Sweden is built on
tolerance and human rights and equality
and if you think it's there's a
difference between people culture and
religions you cannot have that beautiful
Sweden we had today so when did you feel
that sort of Telia
changed well the Swedish attitude
changed yeah when I tell me to Sweden in
2012 no right-wing nationalists in that
Swedish parliament and people wouldn't
open with their political opinion but
nowadays racist remarks is more common
they are little seven and five years but
they know about is this for example
they discussed this issues in school and
I am worried for their future this
weekend police detained more than a
thousand people across Russia as they
protested President Vladimir Putin's
plan to raise the retirement age
and they weren't just the usual
protesters who respond to calls from
opposition leader Alexei Navalny they
included people about to be affected by
this plan who showed up in at least 80
towns and cities including audio in the
southwest
if I was an attacker but my teeth kappa
luigi's sugar was the sushi school
visual at the pcc near deserve a big
pool area coverage awhile in june
Houten's administration proposed to
raise the retirement age for women from
fifty five to sixty three and four men
from sixty to sixty-five protests
started almost immediately in a country
where nearly a third of people are over
the current retirement age the
government justified the plan because
Russians are living about 30 years
longer than when Joseph Stalin created
the program back in 1928 but 43 percent
of Russian men aren't expected to live
to collect retirement under the new
proposal certainly for me to achieve an
IBM unit is the Ossining with Natasha
the Benson
Nick talked about income just about a
little bit amused again yeah of course
yes Putin's approval rating has dropped
15 points since the announcement and
while Putin isn't known for caving to
demonstrators he did take a step back
last month saying the retirement age for
women would only go up to 60 not 63 but
he didn't say anything about men open
your mind still I need a new talker two
days passed and miserable
Michael criolla is doomed
the bowtie CDMS bitanga DJ carotenuto
disowned me and water exaggeration need
those emotions of in the
machine the issue may already be pulling
support away from Putin's party the
protests were planned for Sunday's
regional elections and for candidates
backed by the Kremlin didn't get enough
votes to avoid a runoff yes in a street
rat busy militiamen question my patria
bomb impeachment a president arrived
distressed Cathedral
North Korea celebrated its 70th birthday
this weekend with the kind of party it
typically throws for itself a spectacle
showing off how its citizens and its
military fall in line the invite list
included the head of China's Parliament
an array of international media and
French actor Gerard Depardieu missing
this time the intercontinental ballistic
missiles that could send a warhead to
the US but that doesn't mean North Korea
has stopped making nuclear weapons it
only shows that North Korean leader Kim
jong-un is going for a less threatening
image at least until the next round of
talks he's set to meet with the South
Korean president this month and today
the White House confirmed that he's also
asking for another face to face with
Trump
one of the only ways you can actually
get out on the street and talk to people
you can hear a pin drop everyone's
waiting for the marshal to arrive and
cumulus Sun square the armies are
arrayed in front of us there's a lot of
people watching this parade not just
here in Korea obviously but globally
because of tensions between America and
DPRK and the seeming day taunt in
Singapore and now it's ramped up again
but they've just announced that they're
gonna have meetings between South Korea
and North Korea this month meanwhile
there's about 200,000 military people
here just waiting for the marshal to
arrive
this brain has a lot of geopolitical
implications
Pompeyo and trump's administration is
looking to see signals from the DPRK
they did not trot out their ICBM
technology they did not try to out the
so-called big boys that can hit America
through here at Mayday stadium at
jingyang but just does a big show of
mass gymnastics in the past I've been
here it's been a lot more aggressive
there's a lot of ICBM technology on this
way but tonight it was quite interesting
for a number of reasons one they showed
a lot of footage of the summit between
the DPRK and Republic of Korea which has
never been done before and also that
they featured English where they were
talking about bilateral relations and
they featured Chinese which is very rare
so it was basically a big message to
China and a big message to America that
we didn't show any weapons technology so
it's very very interesting the messaging
that was sent here tonight in yang
for the past year Democrats have been
trying to figure out just whose face is
the face of their party they are back
some want to be this guy or maybe this
guy starting this summer a lot of
socialists want it to be this one
Republicans really want it to be this
woman but for the next 57 days at least
the debate seems to be over the face of
the Democratic Party heading into the
midterm elections is well-rested and
familiar
Democrats will still do a lot to see
President Obama 323 miles you draw
theater quite here my office about three
in the morning is to see Obama this
party is feeling pretty good about the
polls these days but arguments over just
how left-of-center the party should be
are persistent distraction Obama it's
hoped in put an end to that and get
everyone on the same page is basically
this event today pretty much showing us
that like it's Obama for the next 60
days at least
I think he's that bridge between the
progressive side and the old Democrats
and he's that perfect bridge between him
so in that sense he is you had to be
invited to see Obama at the Anaheim
Convention Center this was an event for
people working to win Republican held
seats in the nation's largest blue
states I just had time to spend with
some amazing Democratic candidates for
Congress even though it was for a
roomful of Democrats it was really a
general election campaign speech but the
good news is in two months we have a
chance to restore some sanity in our
politics
we're all very different from Obama
speech the day before in Illinois there
was a lot of looking forward to the
future in that speech - but it was also
Obama's chance to finally talk about the
present
saying that Nazis are bad you know
people have been waiting for months when
is the president gonna come out when is
the president gonna come out but you
know when I was listening to his speech
yesterday I was like oh my god I forgot
how president is supposed to sound for a
minute it obviously leads to coverage
about impeachment it's just me a
Democrat should be running on I don't
think the Democrats should be running on
impeachment a lot of my constituents are
very concerned about impeachment you do
have to understand that it takes 60
votes in the Senate it's not just about
taking back the house and obviously that
might be an issue that comes up that we
can't avoid at some point next year but
it is not the number one issue fight for
the things that we believe it issues are
what Obama focused on in Orange County
it wasn't a litany of attacks from the
president like Illinois it was a list of
things
Democrats have run on for years and are
running on again this time better wages
better health care things people want
and then he tacked on some good
old-fashioned Obama hope and change when
you look at the arc of American history
there has always been a push and pull
between those who want to go forward and
those who want to look back that old
stuff plus the new squeamishness about
Trump is what Democrats are hoping is
the secret recipe to flip districts that
voted Republican for Congress and
Hillary for president
on the same day two years ago
districts like the one this guy's
running in his opponent is a 15 term
congressman and Trump Ally named dana
rohrabacher well like your big thing is
that you kind of like can talk to
Republicans used to be a Republican it
just seems to me that if I could think
of like the number one gift Republicans
would want for the next 60 days would be
Obama again right they get to talk about
Obama again not the case at all because
President Obama's hold message is
bringing people together which is the
opposite of our current president and
most Americans are between the 20-yard
lines so for guys like you we're in the
trenches grinding this election out what
does President Obama need to say to help
you out he just said it he just talked
about what our country can be that we
can either look back or we can look
forward
every 12 minutes in the US a person
takes their own life suicide rates have
been rising year-to-year in every state
except Nevada September 10th is world
suicide prevention day I am Desiree
stage I created a series of portraits
and true stories of suicide attempt
survivors across the United States
called lived through this I've
interviewed 185 people over the past
eight years
there are about 1.1 million suicide
attempts in the US every year 54 percent
of the people who died did not have a
known mental health diagnosis and to me
that speaks to this being more of a
systemic issue than we've ever given it
credit for adversity trauma just life
life happening to people and people not
knowing what to do a lot of the body of
research around suicide came from the
families of the deceased psychological
autopsies it wasn't until recently that
we started asking people with lived
experience to give their input on these
things I was in emotionally and
physically abusive relationship I had
been suicidal specifically for two years
and I just couldn't that was the day
where I was like I can't I can't do this
anymore
I cannot go on I cannot live with this
person I cannot live without this person
I don't know how to do life I have no
future I don't sit
instead today he's got it now in my case
I've got better tools now I've got a
better support system and it's something
that connects me and the person I'm
sitting with when I do interviews for
the project
there is no emotional distance I'm there
in the moment with them for better or
worse so tell me your name how old you
are what you do interpret that as you
will from Jonathan Martha I'm 30 years
old I'm a minister and yeah I have a
story I was about 17 I had pretty
recently come out as trends to my family
to my friends I ended up in a really
terrible relationship
it was very non-consensual from the
beginning and it was a person who was
much older than me but it was my only
like point of stability at a time when I
didn't really know any better he also
had me very thoroughly convinced that as
a trans person that was the only love I
was going to find I don't really
remember feeling like I want to die I
remember feeling like I want out of this
and this is the only way and I really
wanted to just like disappear that was
kind of my plan was to just leave the
house and overdosing I woke up in a
hospital but I don't know how you
mentioned that you didn't have a plan
for the next day yeah talk more about
that part we don't talk about that you
know what happens after a suicide
attempt and how hard it is to like
decide that you need or want to survive
as far as I knew when nobody was looking
for me that made me feel in a place that
vulnerable as though I as though I made
a mistake by you know not succeeding in
this attempt
talk about the idea of sin and suicide I
mean it's got to come up in your work
there is a way of interpreting scripture
that allows you to see suicide is a sin
it's put under destruction of God's
creation but I just don't think that's
true so I think the real sin is in not
talking about it and then again ignoring
it and in punishing people for feeling
suicide only in suicide still an option
for you I don't know I don't know
the majority of the people who I've
interviewed for the project have said
yes it is still an option I don't want
it to be an option and I think that's
important for people to know that in
most cases it's it's not wrapped up into
a neat little bow Nathalie Medina is a
woman I interviewed for the project in
2014 and she took her life
in June of 2016 and that was the first
time that somebody in the project ended
their life
Bob Reese died this year he made a post
about three weeks before he died on
Facebook that said I'm struggling you
know please send good thoughts I've
asked a handful of people over the eight
years that I've been doing this no why
are you taking the risks that you are to
share your story having your name and
your face all over the internet with the
word suicide attached to it and they
always say if I can help one other
person then that will make it worth it
you
you
