all I can tell you nears when we were
visiting I was like oh my gosh it makes
me want to go to college again which I
never ever want to do ever ever ever
ever I wish I could just go to college
and I go to class so weird being back
here just a week later we should have
bought flowers I love flowers they
remind us that we all die you know okay
thank you
she'll be good in Charlotte
you both went here you sent two of your
children here this is your youngest
daughter is this your charlottesville
this outpouring of love is our
Charlottesville oh yeah definitely and
just I remember growing up here and
everybody was always so inviting so to
see that violence on campus was
obviously awful but being here like it
didn't change everybody still loves each
other it's always been love Trump's hate
inter let's go together do you feel mad
that these guys came here and did this
to city you love I believe our freedom
of speech yeah I rather see your face
than see your hood I want to know what
you're really thinking is what I like
about the south you know you know but
the violence and the hateful rhetoric
unacceptable
all right you in there good okay so how
are we gonna do this we're moving you in
yes did anyone say like don't go to that
school there were a couple people on
Twitter and on social media too saying
we would never go to UVA like why should
we help African Americans going there
and you know what it's hurtful because
it's a great university and I think
people forget that this happened because
UVA is such a liberal school and because
UVA is taking down Confederate statues
along with Charlottesville could you
tell me a little bit more about your
conversations with your white friends
after yeah you know a lot of my friends
were very supportive that being said I
did have friends that I think really
looked at this and didn't say a word and
we're pretty silent about it because it
didn't really affect them in any way and
if anything I think that might be worse
than being outright racist did it shake
you about starting here this weekend
like do you feel a little less safe I
feel more safe actually from after
visiting the memorial and seeing all the
flowers and so many people coming up to
us and that's just an awesome sense of
community to feel me firstly to call it
you
