every 12 minutes in the US a person
takes their own life suicide rates have
been rising year-to-year in every state
except Nevada September 10th is world
suicide prevention day I am Desiree
stage I created a series of portraits
and true stories of suicide attempt
survivors across the United States
called live through this I've
interviewed 185 people over the past
eight years
there are about 1.1 million suicide
attempts in the US every year 54 percent
of the people who died did not have a
known mental health diagnosis and to me
that speaks to this being more of a
systemic issue than we've ever given it
credit for adversity trauma just life
life happening to people and people not
knowing what to do a lot of the body of
research around suicide came from the
families of the deceased psychological
autopsies it wasn't until recently that
we started asking people with lived
experience to give their input on these
things I was in emotionally and
physically abusive relationship I had
been suicidal specifically for two years
and I just couldn't that was the day
where I was like I can't I can't do this
anymore I cannot go on I cannot live
with this person I cannot live without
this person I don't know how to do life
I have no future I don't sit
stay stay he's got it now in my case
I've got better tools now I've got a
better support system and it's something
that connects me and the person I'm
sitting with when I do interviews for
the project
there is no emotional distance I'm there
in the moment with them for better or
worse so tell me your name
how old you are what you do interpret
that as you will
I'm Jonathan Martha I'm 30 years old I'm
a minister and yeah I have a story I was
about 17 I had pretty recently come out
as trans to my family to my friends I
ended up in a really terrible
relationship
it was very non-consensual from the
beginning and it was a person who was
much older than me but it was my only
like point of stability at a time when I
didn't really know any better he also
had me very thoroughly convinced that as
a trans person that was the only love I
was going to find I don't really
remember feeling like I want to die I
remember feeling like I want out of this
and this is the only way and I really
wanted to just like disappear that was
kind of my plan was to just leave the
house and overdosing I woke up in a
hospital but I don't know how you
mentioned it that you didn't have a plan
for the next day yeah talk more about
that part we don't talk about that you
know what happens after a suicide
attempt and how hard it is to like
decide that you need or want to survive
as far as I knew when nobody was looking
for me that made me feel in a place that
vulnerable as though I as though I made
a mistake by you know not succeeding in
this attempt
talk about the idea of sin and suicide I
mean it's got to come up in your work
there is a way of interpreting scripture
that allows you to see suicide is a sin
it's put under destruction of God's
creation but I just don't think that's
true so I think the real sin is in not
talking about it and then it can
ignoring it and then punishing people
for feeling suicide only in suicide
still an option for you I don't know I
don't know
the majority of the people who I've
interviewed for the project have said
yes it is still an option I don't want
it to be an option and I think that's
important for people to know that in
most cases it's it's not wrapped up into
a neat little bow Nathalie Medina is a
woman I interviewed for the project in
2014 and she took her life in June of
2016 and that was the first time that
somebody in the project ended their life
Bob Reese died this year he made a post
about three weeks before he died on
Facebook that said I'm struggling you
know please send good thoughts I've
asked a handful of people over the eight
years that I've been doing this no why
are you taking the risks that you are to
share your story having your name and
your face all over the internet with the
word suicide attached to it and they
always say if I can help one other
person then that will make it worth it
