yesterday we tried to reach all 292
Republicans and Congress to ask how they
felt about Donald Trump's defense of
white supremacist protestors one called
it fast but this morning South Carolina
senator Tim Scott the only black
Republican in the Senate did much more
than that he invited us to his hometown
to make his position on the President
and racism clear
in the past you've called the president
comes disgusting indefensible racially
toxic and that was before Saturday and
Tuesday what words do you have for his
Tuesday performance the initial response
of rejecting hatred and bigotry and
racism was a good response I think it
was not good enough Monday he obviously
came to the same conclusion and decided
to clarify his commerce his Monday
comments would have been perfect on
Saturday yeah his Tuesday comments
started erasing parts of his Monday
comment yeah I think he was very clear
on the rejection of hatred and bigotry
and racism his comments on Tuesday
Donna's comments on Tuesday you said it
starts to erase whatever Jeff Lewis then
why should people believe that the
comments on Monday were actually
something that he believed no doubt
about it I am NOT going to defend the
indefensible I'm not here to do that I'm
here to be clear and to be concise and
succinct his comments on Monday we're
strong his comments on Tuesday started
racing the comments that we're strong
what we want to see from our president
is clarity and moral authority that
moral authorities compromise when
Tuesday happens there's no question
about that we should all call that on
the carpet I certainly have friends and
have moral authority now I think he has
it he's losing he hadn't eaten so he's
we elected him as president so there's a
question that we gave him more authority
the problem is that in this situation in
the last three or four days what we've
seen is that more Authority being
compromised by the lack of clarity by
what we have seen as the pivot backwards
which is very unsettling for many
Americans to include me one of the most
powerful things a president has as
literally the leader of the free world
are his words so what he says if in the
case of neo-nazis walking the streets
the president can't give us the words to
know that like he's leading all of us
then how do you continue to work with
him if tax performance and the best
inches of this country and it is he work
with him to get it accomplished if
solving our health care crisis in this
nation is in the best interest of the
people of this country you work with the
president get that done so just to be
clear someone who seemed to sympathize
to a certain extent with some of what we
saw that is better to have in the White
House than a Democrat we cannot even
though some people want to go back and
rewrite history we can't rewrite history
on November the 8th of 2016 this is our
president I'm going to work with them
wherever we are in agreement I'm going
to speak out against them when we are
not in agreement and that's the bottom
line
looking at what happened in Charlotte so
just the visuals out of that how did you
feel when you saw the protests and the
Nazi flags it was a stark reminder of
where the country has been in a place
where we don't need to go back to and
the imagery of the whole scene was
devastating to a lot of people I have
received a number of phone calls from
the African Americans who are old enough
to have seen it and experienced it the
first time I can't articulate the
devastation and the voices that I heard
I can't explain to you how many people
went back as if it were yesterday and we
can't go back there again
but we are there honey I don't think
we're there here's here's a big
difference 50 years ago when this
country found itself in racial unrest
there was silence almost in every good
corridor so to speak of this country
except the African American corridor and
a lot of folks from the Jewish community
stood up as well this time around this
is a very different country in a very
different response we may have some
challenges without any question racism
is real
it is alive it is here but the response
from the vast majority of this country
is diametrically opposite of the
response in the 60s we've had the United
States military generals leaders
standing up and rejecting completely
racism we've had corporate America which
was fairly silent back in the 60s
standing up very strong very loud and
very proud we're in Charleston yes this
was the first state to secede one should
these statues be coming down I'll tell
you this is my one of the most powerful
scenes I've ever been a part of was the
50th anniversary in Selma having a
front-row seat to President Obama
standing in front of the Edmund Pettus
Bridge with all the dark history on that
bridge was the most powerful racial
scene I've been a part of and maybe my
lifetime I think that Pettis bridge
having been renamed something else would
have not served us well in history so I
am not of the opinion that somehow
removing these monuments or markers are
a way of cleansing history I think
keeping the markers and monuments is a
wonderful way of reminding us of how
dark the human soul can get and how
bright the light can be afterwards but a
lot of people have not been as as clear
as you have been in this interview about
what the about what the president said
or other Republicans not saying it the
way you are saying it to me because they
are afraid of alienating the president's
face I don't think so I honestly think
that each of us have had different
experiences I remember being called
everything in the the book from a racial
perspective in high school and even in
college it and in the workplace my
memories of the stain of racism and the
indignities that some people can cast
upon others is a part of who I am my
response should be very pointed and very
clear because my history my personal
history
you
you
