don't bother you have to do this but I
love my daughter and as I look at on you
guys you loved her too I came here today
and I was overwhelmed at the rainbow of
colors in this room that's how Heather
was it didn't matter who you were where
you were from if she loved you that was
it they were stuck for that I'm truly
proud of my daughter
although Heather was a caring and
compassionate person so are a lot of you
a lot of you go that extra mile and I
think the reason that what happened to
Heather has struck a chord is because we
know that what she did is achievable we
don't all have to die we don't all have
to sacrifice our lives they tried to
kill my child to shut her up
well guess what you just magnified her
what's the thing you would want people
to know most about him
if somebody like Heather can take that
large portion of her life to stand up
for what is right to go outside of her
means of being comfortable like marches
to do what is right that's admirable
that's an admirable thing can it's more
of us we're doing admirable things I'm
not positive this what happened in my
city if you had a chance to talk
directly to President Trump what would
you say
to do some mistake okay
mary-jane dentistry at 80 miles per hour
you're hit out there damn hell
people bodies laying on the ground how
are you feeling I'm still feeling a
little PTSD from this weekend but going
to this memorial it really showed me
that there are a lot of good people out
here that want to stand up for what's
right in our country there's light in
our community but I am feeling hurt I
was almost killed there was somebody
that was actually killed it was this so
inspiring to see the whole crowd stand
up to applaud her mom to know what kind
of a woman that Heather was before when
she was young when she was old and how
her legacy from this incident is going
to carry us into the future
I you know I'm still moved right now
because the the service for forever was
just like half an hour ago what she was
was everything that this city is and
that is everything that these terrorists
tried to burn down an attack and her
mother just said in there what she stood
for her voice is what you all have to
magnify his president won't call you he
is not
I heard words from an aide when all this
was right when I was happening and we
won't talk to him I said of course
of course I'll talk to president but
haven't heard yet in your book demagogue
you write about democracy's destructing
through demagogues do you think Donald
Trump is a demagogue I concluded and
I've written a lot about how he chose to
become a demagogue in his presidential
campaign it was very clear somebody who
arises sort of from a democracy they
turned the democracy against itself and
they essentially end up creating a state
within the state that only follows them
I cannot stop thinking the last few days
of a couple of parallels for this war
going through right now the first is
that Dylan roof went to Charleston why
he said to start a race war so how'd
that work out for didn't it didn't it
led to greater racial harmony greater
racial unity and he's now by himself in
a you know rotting away in a jail cell
have that right
when Bull Connor turned the water hoses
on the peaceful civil rights protesters
protesting segregation millions people
saw the violence and brutality that they
previously had ignored in the Jim Crow
South and Jim Crow started to collapse
and I think the same thing happened here
this weekend as a Jewish man and a
father how do you talk to your kids
about this I don't take this trash
personally I just don't I mean these are
garbage ideas that go back thousands of
years I am teaching my children that
they have to stand up for progress in
the world then you have to be pretty
thick-skinned
you have pink okay and you have Nazis so
you have evil coming to our shores so
they came trying to destroy to basically
lay arson to kind of like most
fundamental parts of our democracy and
because the democracy is at risk that
we're going to we have to work we have
to overcome it and they're going to lose
you
