charli's phil was quiet today the white
supremacists and counter protesters have
mostly gone home and UVA students won't
be arriving for fall semester until
later this week things were still eerie
here but you do get a sense of
solidarity from people walking around
the mall downtown even if they're still
in shock what happened here has had an
obvious impact across the country and
officials in other southern states have
begun making urgent calls to remove
Confederate memorials before they become
flashboards of violence and unrest in
Durham authorities are considering
criminal vandalism charges against
activists who took matters into their
own hands on Monday and took down a
confederate memorial outside of court
house but stripping the south of its
Confederate strides isn't going to be
simple or easy drive 30 miles north of
robert e lee Elementary School in
Petersburg Virginia and you'll cross
over the robert e lee memorial bridge
and into downtown richmond we're at the
center of lee's circle sits a bronze
robert e lee monument it's one of three
remaining statues dedicated solely to
the confederate general including the
one in Charlottesville that was at the
center of this weekend's protests still
more than 100 historical markers carry
his name Confederate monuments are
unsurprisingly concentrated in southern
states but the legacy of the Confederacy
made its way as far west as a robert e
lee Elementary School in East Wenatchee
Washington and the robert e lee
campgrounds in boise idaho as of last
year there are about 1500 Confederate
symbols still in public spaces but why
do all these monuments commemorating the
side that lost the Civil War exist in
the first place professor Kirk savage
explains that Confederate monuments
first started popping up in the 1890s
and they were never just tributes to
fallen heroes there was a really big
systematic push to promote his
the Confederacy and the so-called lost
cause that was largely engineered by
women's groups like the United Daughters
of the Confederacy which had a very
overt and systematic plan to rewrite
textbooks to erect public monuments that
would establish the true history of the
war Confederate symbols surged in the
early 20th century and in 1917 52 years
after the Civil War ended the
Charlottesville statue of Lee was
commissioned the statue reframes the
narrative around the losing general by
presenting him in a position of power
atop his horse traveler who is said to
buck any black servant who tried to ride
him it's basically a metaphor of command
that the person riding the animal is the
commander of the horse and therefore by
extension the commander of men blacks
who are almost never represented in the
19th century in sculpture are put in a
very different position typically a
subordinate position is sort of free and
ascribes forever the relation of white
domination and now generations later
people have come to see these statues as
symbols of southern power and dominance
with the removal they feel their history
is under threat
I understand how the removal of the
statute now it can be framed as they're
stealing our history and I think it's a
smart move on their part but it's it's a
very false framing and that's why the
decision to keep or remove these statues
has become so controversial it's very
hard because it requires taking a long
hard look at our national history and
trying to come to grips with the truth
of that you start to pry a part of
national mythology and part of the
problem is that you know our national
mythology has been built on this
oppression of african-americans so it
opens up a Pandora's box I think
particularly for the whites who have
benefited from this history of
oppression for so long it's a very very
fundamental problem and that's what you
see just like erupting in Charlotte so
you
you
