tonight ending America's longest war the
fight against a life-saving drug if it
continues the way it is yeah people will
die and scandal at a plant-based food
startup President Trump says he stands
by his statement threatening fire and
fury on North Korea let's see what he
does with wom he does something in Guam
it will be an event the likes of which
nobody's seen before what will happen in
North Korea for the second time in 24
hours Smuggler's have deliberately
drowned migrants who they were carrying
by boat according to the UN's migration
agency today at least 180 refugees were
forced into the water near the coast of
Yemen and at least five have died
another 50 people are missing and
presumed dead as parts of New Orleans
continue to recover from last weekend's
flooding Mayor Mitch Landrieu called for
the resignation of four top utilities
officials saying the public was misled
about the city's ability to pump water
Louisiana has declared a state of
emergency ahead of more storms expected
this weekend after water submerged many
neighborhoods last Saturday and left
frustrated residents questioning why the
flooding was so bad
heads of the local water board initially
said it's 121 drainage pumps we're all
working but later acknowledged that 16
pumps were either broken or out of
service
before about these events that is on
excessive at many condoms in court today
Taylor Swift called a 2013 incident when
a former radio DJ allegedly groped her
quote horrifying and shocking
David Mueller says the allegation is
false and he only touched her rib when
his attorney questioned Swift she said
quote he did not touch my rib he did not
touch my arm he did not touch my hand
he grabbed my bare ass Mueller was fired
after the incident and says his career
in radio has been ruined benchmark
capital one of burrs biggest investors
is suing former uber CEO Travis kalanick
for fraud breach of fiduciary duty and
breach of contract the lawsuit which is
an attempt to remove Kalyn ik from ubers
Board of Directors says he mismanaged
the company and tried to consolidate his
power a spokesman for Callan ik told
vice news quote the lawsuit is
completely without merit and riddled
with lies and false allegations
in a surprise announcement today
President Trump said he's pushing to
declare the opioid epidemic and national
emergency which would free up federal
funding and loosen restrictions to help
combat the crisis but just days ago
Health and Human Services Secretary Tom
Price said the administration would not
be declaring a national emergency
because the opioid crisis does not meet
the criteria and the move was
unnecessary the administration may be at
odds with itself with the latest federal
data is clear the death rate from drug
overdoses is going up and reached a new
record in 2016 as overdose deaths climb
another drug narcan has become an
unfortunate necessity it can reverse
overdose symptoms within minutes
bringing addicts back from the brink of
death narcan is all too familiar to the
residents of Middletown Ohio population
48,000 which is on track to see double
the number of overdoses as last year if
I see them if they've been doing good
and then I see them and they're
obviously using again I'll put I've been
known to pull over make u-turns in the
street and say what are you doing Jerry
Lewis calls herself the missionary 10 to
routine six years ago
she's been voluntarily driving the
streets of Middletown Ohio looking to
help addicts get clean I'd say the last
two to three years it seems like it's
just getting worse as far as era when we
see more kids three four years old
coming to the park without supervision
and then when you ask their story and
you learn mom's usually hi at home three
or four year old children yes
hi themselves by themselves there's Josh
I have food for you Lewis tries to check
in regularly with this homeless couple
he's overdosed and been revived with
narcan several times do you want to get
your stuff and meet us somewhere
I'm all out I'm very much involved
trying I'm cool yeah oh she's upset I
wouldn't give her cash but by the way he
was acting I say he's a going off
overdoses in Middletown has become so
common people post them on a local
Facebook page it is frustrating because
it doesn't seem like there's a solution
to stop the constant reviving of the
same people over and over and over again
what I think that as long as someone has
potential breasts or life that we need
to do all we can to breed that into them
when we're not then we're letting people
die that is our choice and it's not a
good choice that people die the to
Middletown that choice of whether or not
to save people has become controversial
in June City Councilman Dan Picard
proposed that the city's first
responders should not be dispatched to
save addicts with narcan who overdosed
for a third time it's out of control and
I'm sorry it's been out of control for
60 years at $30 pair now condos
the city is on track to spend $100,000
on the drug this year only a small
fraction of the city's budget for almost
nine times more than they spent last
year the picaud says Middletown budget
simply can't handle the resource train
overdose victims create we're spending
all of our money helping them while
they're engaged in some legal illegal
activity which only benefits themselves
and I'm sorry they're a real problem for
society after a vocal backlash and
threats of lawsuits pick Hardwick
through the proposal people would say
with that you're swapping dollars to
live no I'm making a choice we have to
make a decision about where we're going
to send our resources and if it
continues the way it is yeah people will
die because we will not get to them but
unfortunately what's going to
is that heart attack victims are going
to die car crash people are going to die
because we're out doing these other runs
tick hogs proposal has sparked a heated
debate in Middletown if the city can't
save everyone
who deserves to get help if there wasn't
the safety net there and they thought
that hey this could end me right now pop
I'm gonna put it right there do you
think sorry because if someone's
addicted we're going to her and they're
not going to care if they've got a
safety net or not they feel doll-like
they're gonna die off
I think he'll die off I do I do and I
think that's one way that should get rid
of it I think people are seriously
considering that and all my lord I hear
it all the time I think they should cut
it and let them weed themselves out
they're choosing to do it they know it
can kill them what do you think about
what SantaCon said you know my initial
God wasn't I buried with him you know
because I know being a part of this
community sometimes it makes you hard at
the same time I'm a humanitarian and I
just Sydney at the end of the day if
someone was laying in front of me dying
I couldn't allow that to happen
even though pickles ordinance was shot
down he says just proposing it had an
effect in the months since it made news
overdose emergency responsibly town fell
from set the eighth a week to 14 I think
people have decided not to come to
Middletown to buy drugs and do their
drugs a Middletown because they're
afraid of the fact that we might not
respond couldn't I just be the result of
the drug song coming through they might
not be laced with certain things I mean
you have no evidence no I'm sure you're
exactly right I have no evidence to
prove that I'm right and what I'm saying
but by the same token I have no evidence
that anything else that you suggest
suggested had an impact I feel that I
have opened up a discussion about it not
just the Middletown but around the world
Lewis says that discussion needs to
include the reality she sees on the
streets what Dan Picard said whether you
agree with it or not as it seems to be
lighted a debate which is good you're
welcome
yeah I don't welcome what he said but I
welcome to debate because that means
that we can bring a voice to the whole
thing but what's happened is it seems
actually a lot of people have come out
and said well we agree with him that's
the easy way out
seems like the easy answer but then what
are you going to do with all of the dead
bodies all of those that that OD there
has to be some sort of accountability
Senator John McCain blasted the Trump
administration today saying it offered
quote no strategy at all on the war in
Afghanistan McCain also laid out his own
blueprint which calls for more
counterterrorism forces and an increased
US troop presence up to 10,000 soldiers
are still deployed in Afghanistan now
the site of the longest-running war in
American history but President Trump
does appear to be keeping all options on
the table including pulling out the war
in Afghanistan has been going on for so
long it's easy to forget the most
fundamental question why does the u.s.
care what happens out there to rewind
for a minute it was Afghanistan then run
by the Taliban
that provided safe haven to al Qaeda and
Osama bin Laden while he planned the
9/11 attacks a lot has happened this
George W Bush ordered troops to drive
the Taliban out governments have come
and gone
trillions have been spent twenty-five
hundred American lives have been lost
and despite all that the Taliban still
very much in Afghanistan so it makes a
lot of sense that Donald Trump is asking
why America should even bother anymore
National Security Adviser HR McMaster
has one answer he see the potential
vacuum of law and order three times the
size of Syria in 2011 when the u.s.
pulled out of Iraq the lack of security
there helped give rise to the Islamic
state now Isis is in Afghanistan - along
with the world's highest concentration
of extremist groups McMaster says the
solution is more US troops to help
bolster the Afghan army and help them do
the bulk of the fighting
Eric Prince has another idea the
Blackwater founder and brother of
Education Secretary Betsy DeVos has been
advocating for a private army of
military contractors led by something
like a Viceroy not that I'm advocating
accommodation Afghanistan farthest from
it we want to prevent terror sanctuary
and leave but with the East India
Company operated in that region for 200
plus years they deployed with that model
all of these are some form of escalation
but they leave unanswered the bigger
question of how will eventually get out
and that's where Trump's instincts
a builder seemed to be kicking in any
businessman knows the concept of sunk
costs but it's never wise to spend more
on a bad deal just because you've
already spent a lot it's a very big
decision for me I took over a mess and
we're going to make it a lot less messy
Trump can think this way because it's
not his war yet soon enough it will be
whether he sends more troops or not at
the pace these deliberations are going
that might not be before the fall when
the war in Afghanistan will turn 16
years old on Friday the country's
largest mall will celebrate its 25th
birthday
complete with 12750 parking spaces
30,000 live plants 11,000 employees and
more than 500 stores the Mall of America
boasts around 40 million annual visitors
the Mall of America is surviving the
so-called retail apocalypse but that's
because it's less of a shopping
destination than a retail themed tourist
attractions but for malls that lack an
indoor amusement park and an aquarium
the future looks much bleaker
there are 12 hundred models left in the
US and about a quarter at risk of
closing in the next decade whether a
mall hangs on or not depends largely on
the survival of its anchor stores the
giant department stores that were once a
mainstay of the American shopping
experience
Sears Macy's and JC Penney each closed
around 100 anchor stores this year and
with them where the 9,000 other
retailers are targeted to close and
retail employees are feeling those
closures the retail sector which employs
about 10 percent of people in the US saw
four straight months of steve job losses
this year for slightly ticking upward in
the last two months still more than
44,000 retail jobs have been lost this
year alone
so what's behind the impending retail
apocalypse it's easy to point to Amazon
in the growth of e-commerce but that
isn't the whole story
analysts offer a few other reasons for
one we go way too many malls between
1970 and 2015 the number of malls group
twice a cent as the population and while
mid market retailers have struggled
outlet and discount stores like
Marshalls and TJ Maxx have thrived and
finally in post recession America people
are spending more on experiences travel
bars restaurants than buying the latest
Hot Topic t-shirt at the mall despite
all this this isn't the end of malls
developers are converting empty anchor
spaces into medical centers and office
buildings which could reshape malls a
city centers for rural areas others are
doing anything it takes to get people in
the door
destiny USA and Syracuse which took over
the Carousel Center in 2012 is now the
sixth largest mall in America and it's
known retail attractions include an
electric go-kart track a ropes course
for kids and a chapel with a gift shop
attached of course on Monday the
criminal case against accused Mexican
drug lord Joaquin el chapo guzman will
continue in new york city facing life in
prison the suspected narco billionaire
hired a high-profile legal team but the
question is whether his attorneys will
be able to keep any of the money he pays
them David Noriega has more back in
January in Chapo pleaded not guilty to
more than a dozen charges stemming from
allegations that she ran the Sinaloa
drug cartel right now with chapo who's
reportedly worth more than a billion
dollars is being represented by public
defenders he's lost in a cell for 23
hours a day
he's only permitted out to speak the
limited members of our office but he's
also retained a team of attorneys led by
Jeffrey Lichtman the lawyer who famously
saved alleged mob boss John Gotti Jr
from conviction in four separate trial
so who is representing in Chapel is it a
pair of public defenders or is it one of
the most famous criminal defense
attorneys in the country not even his
lawyers can answer that question
the feds are hoping to seize billions of
dollars in assets they say the chapel's
operation earned illegally by
trafficking drugs into the United States
but the Justice Department doesn't know
where that money is and they could go
after it wherever they can find it
including any fee he pays the private
attorney not put someone like Lichtman
who wants to represent in chapel in a
little bit of a bind this was the first
question I had am I going to work for
the next a year of my life killing
myself fro from mr. Guzman and then find
out at the government and they decide
well we can't find any of his assets so
we'll just take it from the lawyers the
only reason is Chappell was assigned
public defenders in the first place is
that he was extradited and arraigned so
quickly and under such high security
that he didn't get a chance to seek his
own counsel but since then the
government has been arguing in court
that in Chapo can obviously afford his
own lawyers and that the taxpayers
shouldn't be footing the bill for his
defense while at the same time making it
basically impossible for him to hire a
private attorney so what's an alleged
international drug kingpin to do
Lichtman and company won't be willing to
officially represent him until they get
a guarantee from the government that it
won't go after their money but so far
the government hasn't been willing to
make that promise
Lichtman said that's only one way the
feds have been making life difficult for
in Chapel it's the most difficult prison
situation I have ever seen and I've been
to some bizarre prisons in South America
visiting potential clients this one is
the absolute worst the Muslim terrorists
that are in the same prison are treated
better than Joaquin Guzman they know
that the average person listening to
this is was did you possibly think that
chapo guzman is a decent guy look I
don't judge the person for what they've
done before they come to me I judge them
how they treat me and during our own
interactions and the guy happens to be a
delightful funny guy great sense of
humor a very very intelligent I have to
say that it has not been unenjoyable
spending time with them
Hampton Creek a Czech food startup that
aims to replace animal products and food
with more sustainable plant ones has
recently faced a slew of negative
coverage accusing it of classic Silicon
Valley hubris and overreach the company
was running a large scale and very
secret operation in which it sent
contractors to purchase hundreds of jars
of its own product
Josh Tetrick a vegan with a background
in the nonprofit world who want to work
for the Liberian leader Ellen Johnson
Sirleaf started the company in 2011
quite a $3,100 in his bank account
since then he's raised two hundred and
twenty million dollars from Silicon
Valley investors like Peter Thiel and
Marc Benioff he believes that most
supermarkets are full of food that
provides poor nutrition and is built on
industrial farming and excessive water
and land use
Oh chilly so what are we seeing it's a
plant library this is where our entire
world starts they're about 350 3,000
species of plants all around the world
most of us are used to soy corn and we
miss about it the very first step in our
process is bring those plants in the
world that kind of forgotten about in
and this is where we store a portion of
them for us to be able to test them to
look at molecular properties to look at
functional properties we have to mill
them down what we're really looking for
is can we find a plant that is nutrient
dense can we find a plant that will make
a really good cake or a plant that will
make healthier and more sustainable Mayo
without as much degradation to the
environment and that's the challenge the
milk plant to run through an automated
lab and end up in a kitchen where chef
mostly hired from the molecular
gastronomy restaurant moto in Chicago
try and make them into foods that are as
good or better than the ones they're
replacing tell me what this is so this
is our just scramble it is a plant
protein a little bit of water some
minerals a little bit of salt have a
taste first looks like an egg
it smells like an egg and how does it
taste it tastes like a and that may be
like a Falcons eggs so far Hampton Creek
sells mayonnaise dressing dough's and
mixes and plans to release scrambled
eggs and lab-grown chicken steak and
fish in the coming year a series of
articles of accused Hampton Creek buying
its own products to boost sales figures
in the company's entire board stepped
down last month with little explanation
the company itself had said it's been
the victim of a smear campaign by the
American Egg Board it's true that after
emails detailing the Aedes campaign
against Hampton Creek were released in
2015 the board's chief executive step
down as with many technology stories the
truth is hard to discern it is the usual
chaos of any ambitious startup or
something else you've been quoted as
saying that
you know there are no rules that apply
really to building a business this way
one of the rules is don't buy a shitload
of your own product and of course you've
been accused of doing exactly that for
the purposes of kind of seeming more
successful what would you say to the
allegation there's a lot of hand-to-hand
combat in the world of retail we have
lids falling off and all sorts of qa/qc
issues they would buy some of the
products that had those issues and in
the process of doing that they might buy
extra jars sorry just to clarify that
what you're saying is if you send people
in to buy the product the supermarket
thinks we're selling a lot of products
and they want to give you more shelf
space you got it and how did that relate
to the recent departure of the board of
Hampton Creek not not really connected I
you know the the board all of whom are
still advisors to the company and the
one venture capitalist continues to have
a seat on the board not really connected
I think it was really a situation where
we step back and asked ourselves first
from a company's perspective does it
make sense to carry on like we're doing
and in some respects we we asked folks
to leave and in others they decided it
was the right thing I mean again from an
outside perspective it perhaps doesn't
look great doesn't seem like a gesture
of faith in the company and it's
progress that the entire board steps
down what do you what do you think if
you give me the Treasury 100 percent
chance of getting a sold for a billion
dollars or 20% chance of doing something
more extraordinary we're always going to
choose that the people that decided to
do it with us get that and many people
have said that is not for me
he's right that other retailers
especially startups have bought their
own products too we reached out to the
board members who've recently departed
only one performer Health and Human
Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius
responded she declined to comment but
sent a statement from the company on
behalf of the director Tetrick says that
much of the recent turmoil was based on
his trying to get control of his company
so he could focus on the most ambitious
plan including the holy grail of
lab-grown food meat and fish Tetrick
says that Hampton Creek has found a way
to feed animal cells with plant products
they brought us into their meat lab or
would only let us film in a small corner
of it globally meat consumption is going
up not down could be going up by a
hundred percent by 2060 so it sort of
begs the question how does one solve
that so what you're trying to do is
basically make chicken more efficient
it's a really inefficient way to get
chicken onto the place to raise a
chicken feed it kill it and then ship
its parts to supermarkets yeah exactly
so we're only really using about half of
the carcass which means a lot of wasted
energy as well as a lot of the
greenhouse gas emissions that come with
it and so all of that is avoided by
having a more efficient process that
groats just the parts that we want how's
it different from you know corn or
whatever other meat alternatives you
might be able to pick up on a
supermarket shelf it's me yeah it's not
it's that plant-based it is a hundred
percent me
so within about a year we're likely to
see just chicken just Kobe beef or just
bluefin tuna on a shelf it'll certainly
be an animal product I don't know if
it's going to be one of those three
specifically I think more likely not
will be in the avian family let's look
ten years into the future do you want to
be bigger than General Mills bigger than
crops or the next life I want us to be
an extraordinarily large company but at
the end of the day we can make plants
that scramble pans all day long we can
make you know a meat from the sell but
if we do not get it on Aisle seven and
the frozen section the refrigerated
section if we don't get into the hands
of kids in West Africa it is all
 that's vice news tonight for
Thursday August 10th tune in tomorrow
night for the award-winning documentary
series vice
significance of the rocket because the
top specimen that one's a
submarine-launched ballistic missile
Holly giggling lon Rhonda will be who
noodle soup teaspoon detergent huggable
Albertville onion funding and Filner Oh
you
