early this evening North Korea's
military called Trump's recent threats
against the country a quote load of
nonsense the statement is the latest in
an atomic pissing contest between
Pyongyang and President Trump who
yesterday inflamed the North Korea
crisis which is fiery brand of anti
diplomacy and today made unsupported
claims about having modernized America's
nuclear arsenal since taking office the
situation is escalated but diplomacy may
not be out of reach before the latest
flare-up with Pyongyang Vice spoke with
former New Mexico Governor Bill
Richardson who has sat across the table
with North Korean leaders through a
number of tense negotiations
you know one thing I've learned about
the North Koreans they want to work this
out not with China not with South Korea
they want to work it out with the US
what do you think the North Koreans
really want for them saving faces very
important they want a lot of respect
Biggi well you know I remember going to
North Korea and North Koreans would say
you know we wish your president wouldn't
insult our president by calling him
names he hates that the last time things
were this tense was in the mid-90s when
North Korea pulled out of an
international non-proliferation
agreement and seemed to be on the verge
of developing a nuclear bomb the Clinton
administration threatened to go to war
at the time Richardson was a Democratic
congressman from New Mexico he visited
Pyongyang in December 1994 and while he
was there an American helicopter was
shot down just inside the North Korean
border the day I arrived the shutdown
was my life that was my first
introduction to these guided situations
and I remember staying there two weeks
and negotiating with the North Koreans
threatening not to leave you just made
yourself such a pain in the ass I didn't
I was a total pain in the ass and then I
picked myself more up 18 years one of
the pilots had died in the crash and the
North Koreans agreed to let Richardson
leave with the remains the other pilot
was released a few days later that
year's brinksmanship also led to a major
treaty imposing a freeze on North
Korea's nuclear weapons program in
exchange for food and other aid the deal
still divides people today but
Richardson said that was worth it now a
lot of people criticize the Clinton deal
in exchange for food energy assistance
nuclear reactors North Korea curbs their
nuclear program well that worked for
nine years until North Korea started
cheating today situation may be more
bleak North Korea has a new leader and a
much deadlier nuclear arsenal and the
fate of other blustery autocrats who
gave up WMD programs Qaddafi Saddam
Hussein discourages negotiation but
Richardson says there's always something
the North Koreans are willing to talk
about is there a case to be made that
this negotiation really could only
happen after a particular period of
buildup
threat of force like we have now it
could be that was the pattern with Kim
jong-un's father with his grandfather
Jimmy Carter worked something out early
on with his grandfather with his father
President Clinton worked something on
his people but I think eventually North
Korea is going to see you know in a one
to one fight with the u.s. they know
they can't make it but they can levy a
lot of damage I mean we can crush North
Korea militarily but is it worth the
risk with so many potential deaths and
destruction the answer is No
you
