yeah
I got into working with metal bands
because a friend of mine was recording
not Punk it was called hardcore and it
was metal he couldn't get them through a
recording session without them coughing
blood
when the fan first started in when I
first started singing and I just didn't
know what I was doing and I was
screaming and blowing out my voice every
single show and I mean every single show
and I did a tour in Australia
myself up couldn't talk for like two
weeks after the tour it was really bad
so when got a lesson that has changed
everything there's a risk to using your
voice on a daily basis in an unhealthy
way the vocal folds they used to be
called cords now they're called folds
they get scarred that's why you get this
guy because the fold isn't closing it
isn't faux nating so start with the big
one okay so you start go
so I used air support to get there okay
blowing my mind right now
Melissa cross is just a legend in this
music scene I mean she's the only vocal
coach that actually cared about metal
and did something about it and wanted to
make sure people aren't
themselves up for life what metal
singers do wrong is use an emotional
response that feels like anger or
anxiety in order to make the sound and
that involves too much tension
I used my acting training to imitate it
and my know-how vocally to do it in a
way that could be healthy
when we were recording our last record
it was our first full-length record and
I got about halfway through and my voice
was just giving out and I couldn't I
couldn't record we tried like waiting
for a couple days like you know just
getting my voice time to rest and coming
back to it and it was the same thing you
know like I was just straining really
really hard I didn't sound like myself
and so we did a Skype session and and it
was it was love at first session it was
awesome she's so good at like explaining
things and all her wacky little
exercises and stuff that they seem so
strange but at the same time like once
you do them enough you're like whoa like
that actually it really is helping and
then like I get it you know it makes
sense okay see that thing's met big
burst of bubbles yeah you don't want
that instead of like that we you want
keep it really smooth yeah I love the
sincerity of the music it's so non you
know taken by media and crap and you
know money and it's just so real it's
just straight from the heart I mean that
was a hippie and we we lost the way and
and these kids they know the way they
got it for real
you feel
you
