Al Franken is a Democratic senator from
Minnesota he's also a sharp-witted
political satirist who honed his craft
on the set of Saturday Night Live for
his entire first term Franken kept these
identities separate but in his new book
he's merging them I wonder if I should
tell with Joe this is a Buddy Hackett
joke okay
so guy goes into a doctor's office he's
got a dot on his forehead doctor says
well in six weeks you're going to have a
penis going out of your forehead like I
said so doctor what you're telling me is
that when I get up in the morning and
look in the mirror I'm going to see a
penis going out in my forehead boxes
none of them though you won't see it the
balls will cover your eyes Franken is
funny is officially out of retirement in
California progressives are really happy
to see it I don't have a lot of here
right now but you're one of them no
thank you keep fighting horseman oh well
thank you it's like being on the rock
tour people are been lining up for a
long time you're getting to see you is
it happening because you're senator Al
Franken or because you're sort of noted
author comedian and satirist Oh Frank I
think it's all it's all back yeah sod
you know there's a lot I mean you've
been this person for a long time that's
not odd to me the book tells the story
of a comedian struggling to keep his
mouth shut I give up the amount but it
also tells the story of an outside
agitator who works to become a member of
the Democratic establishment
Frankie was elected in 2008 by the
smallest margin in Senate history Wow
it was close but we won it was a brutal
campaign Republicans and even some
Democrats warned to his career as a
comedian meant Franken wasn't serious
enough for the Senate I'm good enough
I'm smart enough and doggone it people
like me this story of your campaign was
about as I get this guy's course he's
just a comedian he doesn't understand
the decorum yeah yeah how serious a
Senate is gonna embarrass the people of
Minnesota Franken listened to his
critics he became a boring policy wonk I
rise today to express my support for
Senator Mikulski's amendment for women's
health he didn't talk to national
reporters and in 2014 he won re-election
play a large margin thank you for giving
me the chance to keep working for you in
Washington people wondered if he'd ever
be funny again it turns out Franken was
being funny the whole time he writes the
behind the scenes he used jokes to make
friends many of them Republicans there
are people of goodwill who have
different systems of a belief that you
can find common ground with and that you
just have to you know there's no one on
the Senate floor that when I look at my
girl even Ted Cruz I feel you guys don't
get along super well and now but I
probably like him more than most my
colleagues like them and you don't like
them and I hate them boy we no longer
think it's weird for entertainers with
no political experience to convince
voters they're serious to run for office
and the efforts to actively hide
frankenz funny are almost quaint now
well now we've got you know the tweet of
the day and everything else that happens
mean all the things that you were warned
about with you that you didn't do have
now been done by somebody else so that I
don't know how do you feel about that
well of course that hasn't been lost on
me
you know and the irony of how people are
scandalized by a joke that I had written
in 1978 but here's what makes Frank
indifferent while the rest of those guys
talk about how politics won't change
them Franken is proud of becoming a
Washington insider so the funny is back
but it's different it is my great
pleasure to introduce Al Franken and
Mark Marin
there are things liberal comedians will
say that he won't you work with these I
don't want to be diplomatic you work
with these monsters and you're you're
innocent you're in the Senate there
you've Mitch McConnell you see him you
say hi you know he's not a monster
psychologist he's done something to Pisa
he's done some bad things and the large
part of your book is moving away from
being a person who kind of didn't take
any to a person who understood at
what points you have to take to get
things done you want to get done it is
usually the reverse which is like I
don't want to take advice from political
consultants I'm what that second hey you
know that's the as I am and the thing is
is that you know you get changed
it's unavoidable and it's in order to
get things done it's in order to you
have to compromise with people sometimes
frankly
you
