movies made by minorities often don't
get traction unless they're explicitly
about minorities but the mesmerizing new
film Columbus released last week breaks
through that wall I don't know
about architecture or care I don't
believe you it's true
I'm just like everyone here starring
John Cho and directed by Koga nada
a film FAS turned filmmaker it's a slow
build art house cinema about physical
structures and human relationships
I like the church banks in the US did
not look like this in 1954 Columbus
Indiana isn't a popular film location
it's actually now best known as the
hometown of Mike Pence but it's also
home to a lot of beautiful architecture
kogo noda said when he visited the town
it made him want to make a film there
while Columbus there's something really
about this town that felt worthy to
explore I wanted to put it in
relationship to the human story of our
own struggle with absence how do we deal
with this larger question of meaning
when we are separated and we lose
someone presence becomes something
deeper but you can also see that in
architecture you know architecture is
the structuring of emptiness the Asian
concept that there is meaning in
emptiness and in the Western culture I
think there's a desire to run away from
it to ignore it to fill the spaces but
there's something that's both true and
beautiful about emptiness
there is something so powerful about
negative space it fundamentally is about
being able to see this thing that is
always in front of us you know if you
put a glass around it then suddenly it
becomes something right there's nothing
that's become something before coconut
has started making films he was a grad
student at NYU he was obsessed with the
work of Japanese director yesterday two
O's and he spent a lot of time
dissecting his style there's more than a
few shots where I can kind of feel
influenced yeah of somebody like Oh Z
yeah yeah in your film yeah actually
like he is a real modernist but really
trying to trying to offer like a way of
being in this modern world and so I
really felt like he was aesthetically
onto something about like trying to
present time and being in a certain way
and so it wasn't just to try to
replicate it but to try to pursue the
same thing he was pursuing in cinema
there is one edit that I always know
it's going to be on that was going to
have that is very much an homage you
know it's like that one
it is a hallway cut shot that he does in
early summer that moves between two two
hallways you know it feels like a point
of view and then it cuts and it's at
different hallways I always loved that
shot yeah so I think when I was writing
that was like oh this will be and in a
sort of ozune moment actually I'll take
one if you don't mind John chose the
leading man in Cogan on in Columbus last
year he was the focus of a meme called
starring John Cho speak English
people started photoshopping chose based
on the movie posters featuring white
actors in protest of a Hollywood
industry that rarely puts
asian-americans and lead roles this is
the first film that you've started since
starring John Cho oh yeah
okay had you thought about that I hadn't
thought about that actually
it is oh that's heavy I kind of wonder
about that because I think for not even
just the past year but for a while now
you're kind of the poster boy for
diversity and films are one of them
is that feel like there's a lot of
pressure on you well that's that's
really the trap of diversity is that
sometimes it with good intentions it
does do the same thing as the opposite
which is reduce you to your color
I feel like Columbus is an example of
the answer
my character is Asian and people are not
unaware of it he's not colourless which
is a fiction so people just think are
existing in the way that real people do
so this is what starring John Cho is and
great this is coconut his first film
that's enough pressure but the fact that
he's one of very few Asian American
directors also adds some weight on his
shoulders I don't think it's good enough
for me to be an Asian and just make a
film that doesn't also reflect something
about what is distinct about my
sensibility right I think sometimes
minorities have that burden where we're
not allowed to make a film that's just
exploring the larger existential
questions that you know like the people
the majority are allowed to do they can
do the whole spectrum but for us it's
like has to be reduced to identity yeah
so I what I want to say is I don't want
to just reduce it to we just need faces
in front of a camera but we need the
value of those perspectives that can add
you know that can add some dimension to
what we have as a shared culture the
sort of mass culture
you
you
