tonight Trump threatens North Korea
arizona's banned books and trans
soldiers speak out i love being in the
arms i this is my life a landslide
triggered by heavy rains have killed at
least 24 people in southwestern China
rescuers have been working to pull
people out of the rubble everyone else
has been evacuated and relocated the
landslide has caused an estimated 23
million dollars in damage Google has
fired James d'amour the employee who
wrote a memo criticizing the company's
diversity policies the software engineer
says he was wrongfully terminated for
court perpetuating gender stereotypes in
his 10 page document Demura says women
are more neurotic and the gender
differences may explain the lack of
women and leadership roles after d'amour
was fired one Google employee told vice
news I wanted this to happen since
Friday purged the rest of the white
weirdos while you're at it Airbnb is
deactivated the accounts of people using
its service for the unite the right
rally this weekend at emancipation Park
which was robert e lee park until
february in a statement the company said
it would remove people from its platform
when their behavior is quote
antithetical to Airbnb s user agreement
which prohibits discrimination
Jason Kessler the rally's organizer
tweeted it's time for the alt-right to
flex its muscles and boycott Airbnb also
need to consider a lawsuit the
Department of Justice has switched sides
in a landmark voting rights case in
which it is neither a plaintiff nor
defendant the department is throwing its
support behind Ohio's right to purge
inactive voters from its roles civil
rights groups say the policy functions
as a voter suppression tool the Supreme
Court is set to hear the case next term
this follows a pattern in February the
DOJ dropped
works for an Obama era challenge to
Texas as a strict voter ID law which a
federal judge has ruled as
discriminatory in an exclusive three
current and former administration
officials told vice news that a package
known internally by some as the
propaganda document is prepared and
presented to the president twice a day
and contains printouts of positive news
stories cable TV graphics tweets and
sometimes just pictures of Trump looking
powerful on television this morning
former White House press secretary Sean
Spicer disputed the descriptions of the
folder and said quote this is not
accurate on several levels but he didn't
respond when asked what exactly was
inaccurate according to a report in The
Washington Post the Defense Intelligence
Agency has concluded that North Korea is
now capable of making a small nuclear
weapon they can fit inside its
intercontinental missiles experts
concluded that those missiles are
capable of hitting the east coast of the
United States
meaning the world's most belligerent
rogue state is on the verge of becoming
a serious nuclear threat and North Korea
has now threatened to use all its
resources to physically retaliate
against the latest round of UN sanctions
it's the strongest suggestion yet that
the regime could conduct another nuclear
or missile test
Xianyang likened to sanctions to a quote
pack of wolves coming an attack to
strangle a nation
tikkun book I'd add damn I'm sucking
through the hand and presses them losing
hanging I pressed me down coolly hey you
got two candidate heroes it I don't what
the dog president Trump didn't take the
news quietly they will be met with fire
and fury like the world has never seen
to contrast just how different this
responses here's how Barack Obama
responded falling in North Korean
nuclear test provocations of the sort we
saw last night will only
further isolated as we stand by our
allies strengthen our own missile
defense and lead the world in taking
firm action in response to these threats
and here's george w bush the United
States remains committed to diplomacy
and we will continue to protect
ourselves and our interests so how will
North Korea reply to Trump's response we
spoke with two experts about what's
probably going on in the country right
now an issue of this nature probably
would be dealt with through that the
National Military Commission which used
to consist of the most senior military
officials roughly about eight and the
leader of the country in this case Kim
jong-un I imagine here Kim jong-un would
be personally involved as he has been
with these ballistic missile launches
and nuclear tests this is a punch that's
been telegraphed for many many years now
so in that sense their intentions are
very very clear and and again we we
ignore them or downplay them at our own
peril trying to North out North Korean
the North Koreans is never going to work
and so if that's what President Trump
was intending through his words today
which had a little bit of a ring of
North Korea's own threats you know I
don't think that that's possible in
order I think that the place that the
United States of America should ever be
occupying as a global leader
the July tweet storm from President
Trump announcing a ban on transgender
people in the military which would
reverse the historic 2016 decision to
allow them to serve openly has wreaked
havoc across the Armed Services the
military establishment wasn't consulted
the Department of Defense had no policy
response and for thousands of trans
troops the lives they've dedicated to
serving their country now hang in the
balance
I found that about maybe 15 minutes
before morning formation I was already
at work this is Katie Schmid and her
wife Lulu and Wednesdays are run day so
I went running um I recall you told me
you were running out of spite
purely on spite and then Katie got home
and it was shouting and crying and and
wall punching and punching you did it
was very emotional
Schmitt enlisted in the Army in 2005 in
intelligence and as a man the whole idea
of like swearing to support an defend
the Constitution stuff like that really
resonated with me and they know it's
it's pretty stereotypical I guess but uh
yeah I thought I thought the army to
make a man out of me
after completing specialty training she
was stationed in Germany then moved to
Fort Riley Kansas she was made a
noncommissioned officer in 2009 and
Staff Sergeant in 2012 once I became an
NCO started getting these these are and
Co ers are noncommissioned officer
evaluation reports and of course that's
got my old name on it started getting
comments from my raters saying things
like committed to the goals and mission
of the unit above personal welfare
dedicated and absolutely loyal
unlimited potential are you proud
absolutely
I'm but I'm not just proud of myself I
don't I'm not doing it for myself I'm
not doing it for getting a piece of
paper that says you done good I'm I'm
doing it because because I love being in
the army I this is my life and it has
been for over a decade and she came home
from Iraq in 2013 Katie knew she was
trans she was diagnosed with gender
dysphoria which could have got to her
kicked out to preempt that she wrote a
memo to her superiors I offered them a
deal I said I promise you that I will
not take any steps towards my transition
unless and until specifically authorized
by the Department of Defense the mission
comes first and my medical care can take
a backseat just don't kick me out of the
army do you think if you didn't have a
record like this it would have been
harder for you to transition in the army
absolutely um that was the single
deciding factor of not being kicked out
back in 2014 I felt like it had finally
been proven true what the army always
said which was you're not going to be
judged for who you are only how you
perform in June 2016 after a lengthy
review the Department of Defense
announced that trans servicemembers
would be allowed to serve openly
detective immediately transgender
Americans may serve openly and they can
no longer be discharged or otherwise
separated from the military just for
being transgender I had been waiting not
just since I'd come out but it felt the
same way as when I got told by my
commander back in 2014 that you can stay
in based on your merit your gender takes
a back seat
but Trump's tweet has thrown all of
Schmid's accomplishments into question
while we were in Tacoma she planned to
meet up with other trans service members
in the area to talk about their
experiences after the tweet and what
comes in my squad leader Tex man he's
like you know this was put out and I was
like okay we're not going to freak out
because it's not what we do
we're soldiers we're we're we're members
of the military we suck it up and drive
on until something happens my whole
military career and future kind of
somewhat flashed before my eyes because
the military has been my life since I
was a little kid when you have your
whole you know next 13 to 23 years
planned out one specific way and
somebody brings up something that could
potentially ruin that it's
nerve-wracking and a little
heartbreaking there's no policy
what if there was there are something
what is for the action them you know it
depends on what does that policy say
what is it until the visit until the
very public laws for those of us who are
already here even if it didn't include
that we're still going to sit here and
you know for our brothers and sisters
that come behind us who still want to
serve their country because they're
able-bodied and should be able to serve
their country you know it's going to
affect them the fight over toppled on we
all know exactly what we need to do and
it's not just say okay here's what I
feel inside versus here's what i express
outwardly the soldier isn't something
you do the soldier is someone you are
when she was last in the national news
congressman Debbie wasserman-schultz was
stepping down from her job as chair of
the Democratic National Committee after
WikiLeaks released a series of
embarrassing emails now Shultz had a new
self-inflicted problem
Shawna Thomas has more back in February
a US Capitol police investigation into a
House of Representatives IP staffer
named
Mrunal one became public Colin's access
to the house IP network was blocked and
most members of Congress fired the
contractor the representative Debbie
wasserman-schultz
former head of the Democratic National
Committee didn't the question of what
congresswoman Wasserman Schultz
continued to employ Mrunal one as a debt
consultant when it wasn't allowed to
have access to the house network isn't
going away Wasserman Schultz's office
told us our job was narrowed after the
investigation was announced but as the
right-leaning foundation for
accountability and civic Trust has
pointed out to the Office of
Congressional Ethics it's worth asking
what exactly would be doing in this job
then and why tax payers were paying for
it Wasserman Schultz's office disagrees
and in a statement called the complaint
quote entirely baseless Rob Walker a
lawyer who used to work for both the
House and
ethics committees said she should get
out ahead of any formal investigation I
think she's made her case publicly and
explained publicly that why she kept him
on or how was she thought she was it was
appropriate to keep him on and the
circumstances if she were my client I
would advise her to put that same
information in a letter to the Office of
Congressional Ethics and say here's why
this complaint does not have merit now
there are already leaked emails that
show the access all one had to the
congresswoman's devices but if an
investigation were to dive into her
emails further it could show
coordination between staffers at the DNC
in her house office that walks the line
of appropriateness this kind of
fuzziness is normal in DC but
Republicans have been playing scandal
zone defense since Trump's inauguration
and they're eager to play office
Republican representative Ron de santis
of Florida sent a letter to the
Department of Justice last week asking
about the nature of the investigation in
201 and suggested Wasserman Schultz
might need to explain herself in a more
formal Senate in the House of
Representatives we have to investigate
how our systems may have been
compromised and that will require
putting people in the chair
multiple former staffers I talked to
said they always thought Allen was kind
of seedy but that talk of terrorism
which deceived as suggested in his
letter seemed far-fetched to them they
also admit that Wasserman Schultz has a
way of making things worse for herself
in an interview with the Florida
newspaper the congresswoman defended her
decision to keep all one on saying that
she had concerns about due process and
quote racial and ethnic profiling but
even that explanation has political
problems Allen only worked for Democrats
so she's basically implying that fellow
Democrats who fired him lumps ago may
have done it for racist reasons
Republicans already have it out for her
and it's hard to expect allies if you're
calling them racist
ethnic studies programs have become an
uncontroversial fixture of school
curriculums across America and in Tucson
one such program has been a political
flashpoint for year hitting
mexican-american students against
conservative lawmakers a federal court
ruling expected in the next few days
will decide whether an Arizona law
banning that program is unconstitutional
to saans Mexican American Studies
program was founded in 1998 and made
Mexican American literature and history
classes part of the core curriculum as a
way to improve student engagement in a
district that's over 60% Hispanic we ask
the students to be critical we looked at
my end ask history and we shared with
students some of the alternative
perspectives at its height one in five
Tucson students in participating schools
was taking an mas course and they saw a
significant boost in standardized test
scores taught people that weren't the
typical a plus student and that were
just like really engaged in this class
many conservatives though saw the
program as a Trojan horse designed to
allow radical teachers to smuggle
anti-american anti-white sentiments into
the state school what I'm criticizing is
a program in high schools that I believe
is openly racist one of the leading
forces against the program was a state
senator named John Huppenthal the
catalyst for his crusade was a visit he
made to an MAS classroom in 2010 where
he talked to students about the
anxieties many white Arizonans self I'll
be straight forward with you there's a
feeling of threat by a lot of people
that their cultural traditions that they
felt resulted in the most prosperous
free nation in the world I feel I feel
under threat that those cultural
traditions are at risk of being lost
away personally I don't feel
disassociated from this country this
because of my ethnicity if you write an
essay on it
that are historically oppressed and
he'll say like okay you understand what
these people are going through you
understand what the concept is now how
can we change you know I started
thinking all my chicken I ain't gonna be
will graduate I'm gonna have kids young
Gummer you know like that and then I
started coming to these classes and I
started seeing like why am i believing
on instance that'll believe in it I
should change it I just had a really
great philosophical problem with that
whole construct that they were using
that they're suppressed the pressure
framework has some kind of foundation in
reality and that it's useful I think
it's totally worthless I think it's less
than worthless I think it's toxic soem
it's growing anti-immigrant sentiment
legislators passed a bill to kill the
program the law prohibits courses that
promote resentment toward a race or
class are designed for a particular
ethnic group or advocate as nick
solidarity instead of individuality
Huppenthal became superintendent of
arizona school soon after running on a
campaign to quote doppler raza and he
wasted no time shutting the program down
I like how my kids that the institution
of education respects them for who they
are
if it doesn't even teach them about who
they are teachers and students
immediately sued the state charging the
law with discriminatory and now after
years of working its way through the
courts a decision is finally do but the
laws already had a lasting impact while
ethnic studies programs are expanding
across the nation Tucson schools have
been left paralyzed there's
misinformation out there that you can't
see anything to do with mexican-american
culture because of the ban on our
program which is just a small thing but
teachers think that's true districts
think that's true and it becomes with
like unwritten policy and that's scary a
decision in favor of the program could
change that but some to phonons have
already taken matters into their own
hands
so this is our underground Bend book
library we've been protecting it for
many years now we were in pretty
supposes class when they walked in with
boxes and they actually started taking
some of the books and that was the point
where a lot of my classmates were like
this is it when are we ever going to see
these again they said no we're not going
to let our books get taken where this is
our identity we're not going to let it
be boxed up and they pack these books
away and they're little backpacks that
turn big and heavy this is victory it's
not fake it's not need up like I know
they always talk about a hating the
white men and like bloodshed and all
that but that's not what I felt when I
read these books I see people that look
like me like my parents like my
grandparents I know we went through
unfair thing but it doesn't make me hate
anybody it makes me love myself I would
love for the day that we can return
these books and they can be taught in
the classroom again to our children
until then they're here and we're
protecting them and taking care of them
and the Wichita line
it's still on the light
as I just playing the jams I know how to
make the girl I'm going out man
where you treat election number one baby
but my bitches are yeah don't chase ski
put your eyes on oh so good I was like
pure baby making music
Oh tamales like I'm sounds my god I feel
like I constantly asked myself are you
waiting on someone else because I'm like
you're definitely not waiting for me
this is absolutely my life
I'm waiting from within ten Bali's max
you know I like you know my bargaining
going on yeah you kind of a sad song
with timbale camp always and volleyball
of Danielle's haha I can't say kambale
okay it's Tim always okay interesting
choice hello
so tonight oh gosh no I'm feeling really
uncomfortable for the song with my
sister's next to me it is getting hot
very hot I mean what kind of mood do you
think we're in after hearing my rant
Wow I mean it was buttery and beautiful
watery for sure
literally evoke so much emotion out of
me her voice is insane boo that was very
beautiful that and that song is might be
you might be a dog that's vice news
tonight for Tuesday August 8th
you
you
