I got the email from Tennessee theatre
last week unlike my birthday and I was
like why I love this and I put it on my
snapchat I said is this okay why why did
you write is this okay everything that's
been happening with recent comedians are
its dodgy I try to take things with a
grain of salt and I realized that it's
all based on remorse and he seems more
remorseful than other recently mentioned
comedians what about his response to
that do you think seems more remorseful
I have been in her situation and I see
that people that I still talk to you
that have done those types of things to
me have grown up and while I don't think
it's excusable for a person to act that
way I realized you can grow from it and
become a better person and learn that
you've actually got something wrong feel
like he's a better example of that than
a lot of other people how did you react
to hearing about the Aziz story knowing
what you do about his comedy yeah it did
seem weird that someone who seems so in
tune with like both the male and female
perspective of dating from master of
none would kind of be oblivious maybe I
don't know if this is right word but it
makes it interesting and it's like you
you do feel like you know him as a
person based on his show which you
assume is him because it's sort of
presenting the light that's about him
but this specifically it's two sides to
every you know story and I think there's
a lot more to be said I think it's
possible to many some sort of come back
from this
I was kind of curious you know therapy's
some sort of awkward you know here in
the theater or something like that
because of the the lingering you know
the question but there wasn't and I
don't think that he needed to address it
necessarily I think at this point
there's been enough time between the
events rolling out and it's kind of past
this time is I think that was his goal
with waiting to have shows until now to
to be able to just kind of move past it
you
