the internet cycles through memes at a
piece that's nearly impossible to keep
up with recently it's found a new
subject to joke about clinical
depression and suicide and for some
these memes might actually be
therapeutic suicide memes are becoming
increasingly mainstream and they can be
found on just about every social media
platform Google searches for depression
memes reached an all-time high in May on
reddit the meme page to me in real life
for me in real life has found itself at
the center of the phenomenon memes on
this page covered depression suicide
Guy Fieri committing suicide and even
school shootings if you don't know how
to feel about these jokes you're not
alone there's nothing wrong with not
getting them in fact if you don't get
them that's probably good to me unless
being typically that's the subs created
he has to remain anonymous but he did
give us his avatar view to ask me why I
enjoy a kind of gala team-up because
they weren't always completely jokes he
believes that many of the people posting
on his sub actually are depressed and he
doesn't take that thought lightly he
even added a list of suicide prevention
hotlines to the sub I know of several
attempts at suicide and a couple of
times where I've arranged to have police
and authorities contacted to the safety
and stuff like that
she wants the page to be a sanctuary for
people seriously suffering from
depression a place where people can
anonymously share and even joke about
their dark thoughts like group therapy
done with me
and according to the comments on the
page this has helped people manage their
depression needs more supportive
community gives people a place to give
voice to these feelings that can be
pretty cathartic
Amanda Parrington specializes in
computer mediated communication
she thinks the potential benefits of
memes like this could even reach beyond
the subreddit we've kind of meme can
decrease stigma about talking about
mental health issues but wow something
like this might bring attention to it or
get people talking about this issue if
it starts to become a joke and that's
that's disservice to people who are
truly struggling it might actually cause
them to be less likely to reach out even
in the reddit community not everyone is
on board with joking about suicide but
despite its controversy or perhaps
because of it to me IRL for me IRL has
steadily grown since its creation and
the proliferation of suicide memes has
spread far past reddit much of social
media today is centered around
displaying your best side which studies
are showing often leads people to
believe their peers are leading a better
happier lives than they are but with
suicide means the Internet is providing
an alternative turning sadness into the
shared experience
