today Amazon held one of the largest
single-day hiring events in American
history hoping to make 50000 job offers
in a span of only a few hours it's
another sign of its growing dominance of
the retail business meanwhile
traditional retailers are in freefall
that shift from brick-and-mortar stores
to e-commerce is often seen as a bad
trade-off but what if that's not the
case
the bigger Amazon gets the more everyone
worries about the so-called retail
apocalypse which has already seen nine
retailers go bankrupt this year and
chains like JC Penney's Macy's and Sears
shut down hundreds of stores the retail
industry employs hundreds of thousands
of Americans many of them would only a
high school degree in e-commerce by
definition threatens many of those jobs
but what is the depth of these
traditional storefronts and shopping
malls
is actually something we should be
celebrating what if the rise of
e-commerce has actually left American
workers better off
Michael Mandel an economist at the
progressive Policy Institute started
asking those questions last year and the
answer seized found might surprise you
really what's going on is that this has
become a job creator because it turns
out that if people are willing to shop
online if they can get the stuff quickly
and getting the stuff quickly means you
have to have fulfillment centers located
near every large city since the peak of
the last business cycle in December 2007
the number of total e-commerce jobs has
risen by about 400,000 much more than
the 140,000 jobs that have been lost in
brick-and-mortar retail these jobs
however many of them there might be are
traditionally thought of as poor paying
temporary gigs with awful working
conditions the gigs are tougher and tend
to be more physically demanding but
Mendel finds that ecommerce jobs pay 31%
more on average than their
brick-and-mortar retail counterparts and
unlike traditional retail are usually
full-time positions with benefits this
is a case where technology is creating
jobs for people with a high school
education that paid decent wages for
their area honestly I view this as a
potential harbinger of economic spring
that in fact it turns out that
technology economy can produce jobs for
people who are not software developers
the only people if not good news for is
the shopping mall owners who find
themselves as possession of real estate
that may not be worth as much as it was
before it's hard to argue with Mendel on
a day when Amazon is ready to hire
50,000 new workers but he may be under
estimating the longer-term impacts of
automation
ecommerce is built on productivity and
humans will never be as productive as
robots they're all so much easy to
replace when they're working out of
sight in a warehouse instead of at the
front of a store
you
