overnight in Venezuela two opposition
leaders Antonio Ledezma and Leopoldo
Lopez were abducted from their homes in
brazen raids by police just two days
after president Nicolas Maduro
consolidated power in heavily disputed
national elections it's exactly the sort
of state sanctioned political
suppression many feared would come to
pass if Maduro no longer had any checks
against him on July 17th Lopez and his
wife Lillian tan Torre made a video
predicting he would be detained they
released it today is a momentous day in
the tale precisamente for case of a
local phobia for Kevin Young in all
their own amaterasu Iligan intamin vice
co-founder suroosh alvi spoke to tan
Tory while reporting in Caracas at the
time she was on her way to visit Lopez
in a jail where he'd been held for three
years as a political prisoner and where
police are now holding him again
your security wasn't happy about what
we're doing
no I never sit down here never to be
there and I know how to move if I need
to go out past we are a blank
we are target you're a target a target
they follow us they read all my
telephone computers they send me message
really everything what kind of messages
do you receive in the last time they get
inside all my telephone computers I
thought of my children
they put we are gonna hey Who am I that
looks boy I'm a tired we are gonna kill
you really yes
who is Leopoldo Lopez I'm really proud
of report it's a person that give his
freedom to our country he really wants
to prevent a crisis a humanitarian
crisis
his heart is difficult it's a fight for
freedom
it's a fight for rights he's a fight for
our country and we love our country the
movement and how hard it is for you and
everyone who's marching to survive out
there people are dying overall is it
getting stronger the most important
thing is that people have the
determination to steal in the street the
protest gonna continue if we don't have
the fourth things that we ask
everybody's in the street asking for
general election release all the
political pressures respect of the
National Assembly and a humanitarian
channel to get food and medicine inside
our country so they are like buddy's
life ready to die yes the government is
also getting more aggressive right with
the more violent with the protesters is
it going in the right direction they are
killing us yeah they're killing us why
because it's a dictatorship and a
dictatorship don't want to go out the
power and our fight is change that
change the reality of Venezuela is the
worst crisis of our history
you
