culinary historian Michael Twitty has
made a name for himself touring the
country to lecture about southern food
traditions his new book the cooking gene
is out today it explores the history of
cuisine in the American South by
focusing on the people who laid the
foundation for it enslaved Africans
Twitty is currently on a teaching
residency in Colonial Williamsburg
Virginia
Dexter Thomas joined him there for a
meal Hey ladies
hey gentlemen what's going on yeah shut
up well you will be breakfast black
folks were allowed to have hogs we're
allowed to have cattle but chickens
guinea fowl which come from Africa those
were under the control of enslaved
Africans these chickens represent more
than just a stereotype of black folks of
fried chicken it represents empowerment
sweetie doesn't just write about history
he relives it by cooking the food that
the slaves cooked for year-long
residency in Colonial Williamsburg
Twitty teaches guests the food
traditions of his enslaved ancestors he
starts most days in the garden oh good
stuff boy
there you go can't have pepper pot
without of hot pepper yes sir little
rosemary and we done your historian
mm-hmm there's a lot of ways you could
study history right why food people
associated food with identity food is
the way of all human beings gonna say we
eat this this is us they eat that man if
not us everybody has a deep connection
stick astronomy in their personal
familiar lives and our story is told
there are plates
every year half a million tourists visit
Kalinda Williamsburg for a sanitized
glimpse at 18th century living dream
does not behind her is all right there's
no fancy knives and no air conditioning
into these kitchen just as food and the
uncomfortable truth you'll make him
southern cooking right yeah and a lot of
people go to a certain place in their
mind like when they hear that they go to
a certain nostalgia especially when I'm
wearing your clothes
yeah and that nostalgia isn't always a
good thing for people who look like you
and me yes you put yourself in a very
strange position I put my place myself
in a place of subversion okay because
you go in there and they're expecting
something yes and sometimes they don't
if they want and it hurts their feelings
and their blood hurt but a lot of people
who I deal with our conservative white
folks who actually hear me talk and they
come to new conclusions I'm proud of
that we're very aware of certain
stereotypes but gets it
they sold chickens own vegetables they
defy their husbands freedoms you
understand me
I guess that's what I want to know is
who this book for everybody
I want everybody at the same table I
want the african-american person who
want to kind of figure out what their
heritage is to sit next to the white
person who goes you know I'm really
curious and respectful of the
african-american for the tradition of
African tradition I want to learn more
about their I want them to sit next to
the person who goes I just like to eat
the food look good but the only way I
could get a plate to help out in the
kitchen
welcome to the plantation South ready
Ron you need close to the plantation
South I got close no a real close is
Stewart close so you can feel like your
ancestors felt real slave clothes I'm
not sure I want to feel like that ah to
bed get dressed
Oh get it down oh man I love it
well how does that feel I feel the part
yeah I don't that's a good thing but I
want you take all those vegetables and
put them on in that pot write down your
sir just dump them all in yeah this is
hot
yeah yeah I did do you just get used to
this oh you never get used to it how do
you I feel right either they are burning
yes yeah the smoking gene the smoke is
being God to me good
uh-huh huh come on way from me I want
you to die okay you might as well get
the second corner I was wondering to
shuck corn I've done this once when I
get you huh Boston motto go suck that
car mm-hmm don't suck it good don't eat
it too but barely at full food more than
just you know chicken and macaroni and
cheese and greens and stuff it's it's
quite elegant was the first American
cuisine to really draw from the whole
planet because you had ingredients from
Southeast Asia ingredients for the
Middle East greetings from Europe West
Africa Central Africa East Africa all
combined in our cooking try this one of
our black-eyed pea fritters it's kind
like falafel isn't it is man that is
really good this is not my grandmother's
fried chicken but this close that's all
I want that's all I want that's all I
wanted live it close that's that's it
that's that's the highest compliment
you
you
