Minnesota governor Mark Dayton called
for a review of the state's police body
camera policies following the fatal
shooting of Justine de Mond
police officer Muhammad nor shot and
killed de Mond on Saturday night and
both his camera and his partner Matthew
Hera DS camera were turned off during
the shooting as with other police
shootings around the country it will be
the local prosecutor who chooses whether
to bring charges against officer nor
that power or discretion makes the
elections to fill those prosecutor
positions extremely important and that's
why one billionaire international donor
is putting big money into local races
all around the country in March Aramis
Ayala the first black state attorney
elected in Florida said her office would
no longer seek the death penalty
three months later Kim Fox the state
attorney for Cook County Illinois
announced her support for releasing
nonviolent defendants without cash bail
Fox and Ayala are the latest in a string
of progressive prosecutors who all have
one thing in common
backing from the liberal billionaire
George Soros since 2015 Soros has funded
14 reform focused candidates and local
district attorney races including
primaries across the country ten of them
are now in office and one Larry Krasner
is standing for general election in the
fall in Philadelphia after winning the
Democratic primary in May cirrhosis
contributions flow through state level
PACs that all share the safety and
justice moniker they've ranged from
$21,000 in Milwaukee to 1.9 million
dollars in Arizona's Maricopa County
which Soros spent in a failed effort to
defeat the Republican district attorney
all in all Soros has spent 11.2 million
dollars on da races so why spend so much
money to elect local prosecutors there's
almost no reform you want that
prosecutors couldn't implement today
using their own discretion if you want
bail reform then prosecutors can simply
stop asking for bail
Valachi shorter sentences then during
plea bargaining prostitution softer
lesser sentences it has so much
discretion there's nothing they couldn't
really accomplish that they didn't want
to
prosecutors run for office in 4060 and
historically the easiest way to win
election has been to be tough on crime
the politics of punishment are
incredibly strongly stat in favor being
punitive this is precisely what Soros
wants to change and by targeting
relatively low profile races in which
he's typically the largest donor he's
making sure he gets the most bang for
the buck faff says that at first wants
to make the most impact
he should focus on prosecutors in rural
areas like Mississippi Scott : to whom
Soros gave almost million dollars the
high population counties have been D
cars rating and becoming more
progressive and criminal justice matters
four years less urban and more world
causing company actually tougher it
isn't always easy to find progressive
challengers outside of cities but that
may change if sort of supports
candidates keep winning
you
