since the 1970s at least 45 states have
prosecuted women for using drugs while
pregnant Alabama has one of the
country's strictest laws on the subject
it's been used to prosecute women even
before they've given birth and one woman
in Alabama is on a crusade to keep drug
users from getting pregnant in the first
place everybody knows a drug addict
unfortunately so if you know anybody
who's using drugs that could get
pregnant we'll pay them to use birth
control that's what we do
Barbara Harris thinks drug addicts
shouldn't have children and she's using
cash incentives to make sure they don't
nothing positive comes to a drug addict
who gives birth to eight children that
are taken away from her this is a
win-win for everybody her nonprofit
project prevention pays addicts and
alcoholics $300 if they get sterilized
or put on long term birth control swing
it wise there's no left turn here you're
turning right over the last 20 years
she's traveled the country in her
branded RV and paid 7,000 people to give
up their fertility most of them are
women she launched project prevention
after she adopted four babies in four
years
each born to the same drug-addicted
mother you've been doing this work for
nearly 20 years now how are things
changed when I first started the drug of
choice was crack now it's switched and
now it's meth and heroin and a lot of
prescription drugs but nothing else has
changed drugs are still just as bad
women are still having numerous children
foster care still overloaded hundreds of
thousands kids are still in need of
homes the birth control she offers isn't
condoms and pills
it's IUDs implants and sterilization
those who choose sterilization get a
lump sum after the procedure those who
go for less permanent options are paid
in smaller installments thousands of
women have taken her money in exchange
for permanent sterilization entirely
legally project prevention itself
doesn't sterilize addicts just pays them
Harris leaves the procedures to doctors
she gets anything up to
half a million dollars in private
donations every year I think if there's
anything that everybody can agree on the
left the right and everybody in the
middle it's not okay to abuse children
you think having a child when you're
when you're drinking and taking drugs is
child abuse
yes they say don't even drink caffeine
when you're pregnant so I don't know how
meth could be good for a baby the US
Department of Health and Human Services
estimates four point seven percent of
women aged 15 to 44 use drugs while
they're pregnant and more than 32
percent of all children placed in foster
care were removed from home because of
their parents drug or alcohol use Harris
made the nine-hour trip to mobile when
she heard about a local woman who'd been
imprisoned for taking heroin while
pregnant
she doesn't want drug users sent to jail
she wants them on long term or permanent
birth control how is doing what you do
without looking at the social causes
that create a situation like this how is
that any more than a band-aid on a huge
problem but it's not a bandaid on the
problem we're dealing with we're solving
the problem we're dealing with we're
preventing women who are starting out on
drugs and alcohol from conceiving a
child Harris
targets areas where she thinks addicts
will congregate like cheap motels liquor
stores and methadone clinics it's not
even 11:00 a.m. when she meets 33 year
old Alicia Robinson and Robinson already
seems high she has seven children and
used during all her pregnancies
sometimes you might fill up on a John a
John you pull up on you and he just
might be there one it has a fence if
they don't like to use condoms there it
is I know I have seven kids can you
still get pregnant so let me talk about
getting on birth control okay yeah well
then you need to do it
just do it right now we don't do the
birth control but you need to do it okay
okay cuz that's gonna prevent the
NexStar take right you know one less
worry what this bird it doesn't bother
you that by virtue of what you do you're
targeting a specific section of the
population
that doesn't bother you no a
disproportionate number of people who
use your services aren't white how do
you respond to the claim that you are
socially engineering if there's somebody
to hear about what we do and think we're
only paying people of color is very
racist because they're assuming that all
drug addicts are people of color and
that is not true is it really informed
consent when they're in a chaotic
situation that's between them and the
doctor he has to decide whether he
thinks they're able to get birth control
nobody has a right to force-feed any
child drugs and then deliver a child
that may die or may have lifelong
illnesses nobody has that right it
wasn't a flier or something and all I
remember is the number was one eight
eight eight thirty crack a memorable
number yeah for someone yeah there's an
that idea I can't forget it
Tina Boyd is a project prevention client
who was sterilized eight years ago she's
been clean since 2012 but most of her
life has been spent using drugs
including when she was pregnant with her
son's Joey and Michael do you think that
your drug use has affected them
long-term I know it has its effect i
Joey in a way he has a receptive of
cognitive delay he doesn't understand a
lot
they said that he'll probably have to
live with someone the rest of his life
what's hopefully it'll be me love you
after Joey was born Lloyd took Harris's
cash in exchange for getting an IUD but
then Boyd decided to have another baby
after Michael was born addicted she went
back to project prevention to get paid
for sterilization do you ever have any
second thoughts not even when your
youngest son says he wants a little
sister could you have it and then I'll
give it back to you I can't I can't be
him I can't I can't can't I'm sorry I
can't well just listening to you it
makes it makes me feel like you you have
you don't believe in yourself I believe
in my limitations god forbid if you guys
had brought drugs with you I can't say
that I won't have sniffed them out you
know and I don't want to live like that
I don't want my children that don't live
like that would you like the ability to
be able to do things differently oh god
yes are you kidding yes everything
everything everything
Barbara Harris's greatest impact is in
perpetuating really destructive and kind
of cruel myths about pregnant women and
their children Lynn Paltrow heads up the
national advocates for pregnant women
she's been a critic of Barbara Harris's
work for over 20 years you're assuming
every woman that's a drug addict is
looking for treatment they're not
Paltrow works with Mary BA a social
justice advocate former addict and
mother who used drugs when she was
pregnant with both her kids I have two
children her incredibly healthy were
born healthy they're 26 and 25 and
they're very amazingly successful if you
had met Barbara during the height of
your addiction what would you have
thought of that offer I would have taken
it because I $300 so you know at all at
once you know that meant for me three
nights of sleeping indoors Paltrow says
is the world the children of addicts are
born into that leaves him so
disadvantaged not the substances they
were exposed to when you talk to the
medical researchers the great news is
that none of the criminalized drugs
cause unique permanent terrible damage
three percent of all women give birth to
babies that have what are called serious
birth defects none of that has anything
to do with the criminalized drugs do you
think Barbara Harris has a quite a
static view of addicts and addiction
that once you're an addict you're always
an addict yes and and she's not the only
one when somebody was telling me I
couldn't be a productive mother and that
my children would be born you know to
say Boulter's something I I mean wow I
believe that the biggest threats to our
children have nothing to do with what
any individual woman did or didn't do it
has to do with poverty the lack of
access to health care it has to do with
the stress created by racism do you not
think that addicts might deserve a
second chance and that by promoting
sterilization you're denying them a
second chance
well we don't promote sterilization
that's their choice they got strung out
they decided they wanted $300 to
sterilize themselves and if it's a
decision may regret it was a decision
they made
just like prostituting and ending up
with AIDS because I watched how my
children suffered and had to withdraw
from drugs when they were born so no I
wasn't thinking about the women these
poor women I was thinking my poor
children this is all very
straightforward for you isn't it it's
very simple to me it is nobody who
disagrees with what we're doing has yet
to give me a logical rational reason why
a drug addict or an alcoholic should get
pregnant and I always say to them if you
believe that strongly that these women
should keep conceiving children then you
should step up and adopt the next one
born but most of the people who have a
problem with what we're doing they would
never consider adopting one of these
children so if you're not part of the
solution you're part of the problem
you
