tonight
Trump's six-month anniversary Jared
Kushner's congressional debut and
straight out of China Oh Jay Simpson was
granted parole and could get out of
prison as early as October he served
nine years of a 33 year sentence for
armed robbery and kidnapping the parole
board's decision was unanimous I've
always thought I've been pretty good
with people and I basically has been a
conflict free life you know like I'm not
a god had ever gotten the fights on the
street and with the public and everybody
Simpson was acquitted more than 20 years
ago for the murders of Nicole Brown
Simpson and Ronald Goldman opponents of
President Nicolas Maduro erected
barricades to enforce a 24-hour national
strike in Venezuela that brought many
streets to a standstill
some protesters fought with police who
deployed tear gas and used water cannons
but many areas were deserted as
Venezuelans heated the opposition's call
for a shutdown seven million people
voted against Maduro and his plan to
rewrite the Constitution in an
unofficial referendum on Sunday
Elon Musk says he received quote verbal
government approval to build an
underground Hyperloop connecting New
York Philadelphia Baltimore and DC the
unproven technology would theoretically
allow passengers to make the trip from
New York to DC in just 29 minutes in
pods moving it up to 700 miles per hour
through pressure controls tubes this
kind of system has been proposed around
the world but a functional Hyperloop has
yet to be open to the public the White
House says only that there have been
quote positive conversations ExxonMobil
is suing the Treasury Department to
fight a two million dollar fine the
department announced against a company
earlier today the Treasury Department
fined Exxon for what it calls egregious
violations of sanctions against Russia
in May 2014 when now Secretary of State
Rex Tillerson was CEO of the company
during that time the company made a deal
with Igor Sechin head of Russian oil
giant Rosneft who had been blacklisted
as part of sanctions meant to punish
Russia for invading Ukraine the fine is
a maximum the Treasury can levy in a
civil penalty
today marks six months of the Trump
presidency and my most conventional
metrics it really hasn't gone very well
even leaving aside Russia and the daily
Twitter controversy as a candidate Trump
promised 10 Pacific accomplishments
within his first 100 days we're now at a
180 and he's over 10 even though it's
party controls the White House and both
houses of Congress but the reality is
Trump is succeeding on a smaller scale
conservatives got a Supreme Court
justice they love in Neel Gorsuch this
is a change the system that will last
for decades
Trump said he hated the nation's trade
policy and since taking office
he's halted the trans-pacific
partnership and NAFTA is set to be
renegotiated starting next month Trump
is shifting Americas policy focus away
from climate which was an Obama
administration priority America is a de
la Paris Accords and the EPA is now
promising to subject climate science to
a panel of skeptics Trump's campaign
began with attacks on undocumented
immigrants an immigration was at the
heart of his rise to power six months in
arrests of undocumented immigrants are
way up on the campaign trail from 250 of
my administration as anti cop pro
immigrants Pro black lives matter and
week on drugs its Attorney General Jeff
Sessions is already starting to make big
changes to the way those laws are
enforced we are returning to the
enforcement of the laws as passed by
Congress plain and simple if you are a
drug trafficker we will not look the
other way
in fact the swift sweeping changes to
the criminal justice system at sessions
DOJ might be the biggest accomplishment
of trumps for six months in office which
is weird considering Trump now says he
wishes he never picked sessions for
Attorney General in the first place a
lot of these changes and lots of other
smaller ones fall under the category of
what Trump advisor Steve Bannon calls
the dismantling of the administrative
state eliminating regulations put in
place by Democrats
that's been a conservative priority for
decades I spoke about Trump's track
record with Diane Katz who studies
regulation of the conservative Heritage
Foundation Congress got some credit
because they have used a tool called the
Congressional review act to actually
repeal 14 soon-to-be we hope 15
regulations and that's quite a lot
because prior to this the CRA was only
used once but the idea of these
regulatory changes the changes that
happen sort of down in the government in
the agencies do they have an effect on
the life of an average American or are
people feeling those changes of the from
this first six months they won't feel
them yet I mean I don't think six months
is long enough time so I think it's
going to take some time to determine
whether or not these changes that have
so far been you know proposed whether
they will have long-term effects I
certainly hope so
but I do know that getting agencies to
change and getting it actually not just
agencies but anything in Washington to
change is excruciating Jared Kushner
will testify before the Senate
Intelligence Committee on Monday about
his meetings with Russians with possible
ties to the Kremlin it comes at a time
when some congressional Democrats have
called for concerned security clearance
to be revoked
they say he lied on a form he had just
allow in order to get his job as senior
advisor to the president omitting
mention of more than a hundred meetings
he had with foreign officials Kushner's
lawyers say it was an honest mistake and
he's now amended the form
at the center of a controversy is the
questionnaire for national security
positions also known as standard form 86
it's the main tool the government uses
to conduct background checks for
security clearances it's a daunting
document 127 pages long designed to
determine whether applicants are
trustworthy and whether they've done
anything that would make them subject to
blackmail this careful vetting of
government employees first emerged
during World War two
a host of security programs were created
from requiring civil servants to be
fingerprinted to creating a commission
on employee loyalty the application for
federal employment which previously
asked simple questions about employment
history and references was amended to
include a question about membership in
any organization advocating the violent
overthrow of the US government as fear
of the Soviet Union and homegrown
espionage grew so did the obsession with
identifying security risks beforehand
President Eisenhower issued an executive
order requiring that all federal
employees be reliable trustworthy of
good conduct and character and have
complete and unswerving loyalty to the
United States which would be determined
by an investigation members of the Armed
Forces are required to fill out a
security questionnaire rather than
focusing on qualifications the questions
for concerns with involvement in a list
of prohibited organizations the forum
also asked have you ever been employed
by a foreign government or any agency
thereof in the years that followed the
number of documents the government
wanted to keep secret exploded and so
did the hoops you had to jump here to
get a clearance in 1995 sf-86 became the
form used in all clearance
investigations
and yet it's not that hard to get a
security clearance 4.3 million
individuals including Koechner himself
now have one but you can still get in
trouble for omitting information on your
form like the DEA agents who were
convicted of conspiracy and making false
statements for failing to mention they
owned a strip club and you can also have
your clearance revoked J robert
Oppenheimer the father of the atomic
bomb famously lost his for having
communist sympathies it's strangely
fitting that Kushner's contacts with
Russians have gotten him in trouble
because of a form originally designed to
uncover contact with Russians but he
does have an ace-in-the-hole the head of
the agency you work for has the final
say on whether you get to keep your
clearance and in Kushner's case that
just happens to be his father-in-law the
fact that Trump has put relatives and
top jobs both in the White House and in
his businesses makes him a target for
ethics watchdogs but to some in the
entrepreneur community the Trump name is
still the gold standard of American
success last year the CEO of Trump
hotels and the president's son Donald
jr. and Eric announced big plans the
creation of two new hospitality brands
meant to expand the family's portfolio
the downmarket
American idea line and a four star
luxury lion called sayang sayang fields
fell through in major cities but the
company did find a willing taker in tiny
Cleveland Mississippi it's here in this
12,000 person town but a family that
models itself on the trumps will try to
bring the first family's new vision to
life this is the first Scion hotel in
America or at least it will be it might
not look like much now but soon the rear
walls be replaced with sliding glass
doors that will open to the poolside
cabanas
a 13 room state house will sit in the
back of the property along with the spa
and out front on the lagoon a dock for
patrons to quote eat drink and be merry
so this is actually going to change
Dinesh Chawla the CEO of Chawla hotels
took us around the Sion his head of
development and operations he and his
brother Suresh owned the hotel but the
Trump's have operational control the
financial terms of the agreement are
confidential
but the trumps were paid a consulting
fee and they'll earn a percentage of
profits the Cholas have already spent 20
million building this property and the
additions the Trump's want will cost
them another 1.5 but one thing they
won't be getting for their money is the
actual Trump name would you have
preferred that it was Trump's American
idea or Trump Zion hotel so it did carry
you know the weight of that brand no I
think it would have been more of a
distraction you know I mean if the
president puts out a tweet I think so
much energy is put into dissolving what
each verb and adjective means even
without the name the tallest think the
connection to Donald Trump is worth it
when I was an mba student in the 80s he
was one of the men you know he was a
swashbuckler who was reinventing the
Manhattan skyline and taking old
buildings and doing something with them
and so he's always been somebody that
you know I thought was very successful
and worth emulating on the businessman
but the troll has had another connection
to the Trump in 1988 a convenience store
owner cold called Donald Trump he wanted
trumps alone him nearly half a million
dollars to open a hotel in Greenwood
Mississippi
his name was dr. VK Chawla and he was
Dinesh's father he never said anything
to anybody nobody knew what happened
until Donald Trump called back the next
day and my mother answered the phone and
said you know there's a call from Donald
Trump's office you think this is a prank
and well no I mean he said right away
let me take the call what was the advice
that he gave his honor and he said on
one hand you've led a very interesting
life you've accomplished a lot and
you've seen part of the American dream
and I know you'll make it if you keep at
it but he told him to stop sticking with
the conventional financing angle and dad
took his advice to heart and three
months later he got the financing Cholas
dad hadn't just seen the American dream
he lived it his father and two brothers
were killed during violent clashes in
the fight for Indian independence as a
kid challahs father has been almost 10
years in a refugee camp he left India in
1965 for Canada where he eventually
earned a PhD in chemistry before moving
to the US he passed away two years ago
the day we arrived was July 7th 1977
which is 77 77 lucky day for us we came
here because my father he was a
scientist had done well in government
research and he was becoming very
prominent but he hit a ceiling because
of some racial discrimination issues in
Canada so like anybody who's trying to
leave a racial discrimination type
environment we moved to Mississippi yeah
dr. Chawla opened his first hotel in
1989 now the family empire consists of
17 properties throughout the Mississippi
Delta
but the Scion is the most expensive and
vicious project the challahs have ever
done for people that say that this is a
terrible idea and this is risky and this
is a bad investment what have you said
to them I don't need 300 million people
to back my idea I need a hundred people
staying in a hundred rooms to back the
idea on a nightly basis
the deal certainly is different
Cleveland is an exactly Trump country in
fact it's overwhelmingly Democratic and
if the idea is to attract outside
visitors they're looking at a two-hour
drive from any major airport as for the
main attractions in Cleveland there's
Delta State University and the Grammy
Museum which hosts about 150 people a
day you know they've never been in a non
luxury market they've never been in
Mississippi so why did you think they
would know what was best for Cleveland
they don't know what's best for
Cleveland they know what's best for a
particular type of guest and the type of
guests that they're trying to bring to
the area's same type of guests we are
doing the kind of publicity that we're
getting and the resources that they're
bringing to the table make it more
likely to be a success than if we had
just gone out there and pounded the
pavement
you know hat in hands and give us a shot
Maine has one of the highest overdose
rates in the country mr. speaker no one
living in Maine today can ignore the
addiction epidemic that is upon us and
the state has responded aggressively by
passing one of the nation's strictest
laws on prescribing opioids it caps most
patients at 100 milligrams per day but
the law has had unintended consequences
hundreds of chronic pain sufferers are
now finding it impossible to access
their typical dosage after some Mainers
push back on these restrictions
lawmakers said these patients could
qualify for higher doses under what's
called the palliative care exemption
despite the assurances though patients
are still struggling to find doctors who
will give them the medicine they need
this is what I've done for a long time
and you know I know is near ready to
give it up you know back pain or not and
you know as long as I can control the
pain issues that I have to deal with
then I can keep doing this they passed
this law and they put it through very
fast no matter if your leg has been
amputated or or if you've got a bad back
or whatever the reason everybody was
getting the same in January they took
one tailed away and that wasn't too bad
it could deal with that but then when I
got down to you know that they had taken
five away per day and I I get so that I
went home after lunch
when I was in Augusta at their hearing
they told me that I come under the
palliative care exception to the law and
go back and tell your doctor that and
you'll be all set my doctor didn't want
to hear that and a lot of other ones
didn't either I don't know of any other
doctor in Knox County I know that the
patients that I took on and did have
doctors in Knox County but basically the
doctors pushed them out when are you
work on a refill for you anything else I
can do for you today
we need help you could come to work for
us I don't know that I like to meet up
on the roof with this legislation there
were humble apologies that the law with
this understood
that all these chronic pain patients
didn't need to be tapered down after all
and that in fact the doctors all they
have to do is invoke the Italian of
Medicine exception but despite that the
doctors continue to look for any excuse
to get rid of these patients and I think
many of them use that regulation as sort
of the last step in the process to shed
them there's a culture that seems to
have developed that any doctor who
prescribes a controlled substance is a
bad doctor and they don't want to be
seen by their peers as someone who's
like dispensing these things so any
patient they have asked for them the
patient is then labeled as a drug addict
not under my watch you know you're not
going to get it for me
one of those freak things you know just
come home from the grocery store I was
going to take my truck but to save on
gas I took the car and thank God my kids
aren't in there my better half wasn't in
there 37 surgeries later so a lot and I
know Mainers pride themselves on being
tough and I'm pretty tough and I still
can't handle what I'm going through here
I tend to exclude myself a lot because
it's just toxic sometimes to be around
it you know they don't need to put up
with that you know I can function when I
have the right amount I can go to hall
you know be man and take care of my
family I mean we begged and pleaded
crying to the doctor begging her and I
was like no can I help you any other
thing um I guess the pain okay what's
the prognosis longer so it is still
we're still not getting any word from
the board that they're changing their
view so I can't risk my license by going
over on Holograms you don't think I
qualify for the exemption yes or no if I
am basing my my interpretation or my
what I've got trained that palliative
care is a life limiting end of life then
now I've called 57 physicians in the
state of Maine the nearest appointment
that I found is December out of 57 I got
dr. Mandela's number he was definitely
sympathetic but is retiring so we can't
take on any new patients in my practice
I treat about 120 patients that can have
chronic pain 100 of them have drug
addiction when did you take your last
yesterday no one wants to take care of
anybody with addiction nobody wants to
take care of anybody with chronic pain
and so there's a lot of orphans out
there they're treated like the lepers of
our time we are that they don't stay I'm
working seven days a week but we need
more help and I can't do this alone I
will retire and who will take care of
the patients then chester bennington
lead singer songwriter of the band
Linkin Park was found dead in Los
Angeles Thursday morning his death is
being investigated as a suicide
Bennington had struggled with depression
and drug addiction and had never shied
away from dealing with them in his music
the singer was also deeply affected by
the death of musician Chris Cornell who
committed suicide in May today with
Cornell's birthday
Bennington was 41 years old he leaves
behind six children chance to go watch
met in China with play ping-pong ball
made in China many China's like many
many general won't let me see you again
we have come to the city hall in the
Wi-Fi name I our brother
oh yeah that's a logo right yes
the just last local did higher brothers
did it really come from that yes is the
higher room linen Larry does own voyage
he thought tomorrow to a gariand Yoho
the higher brothers a four-man hip-hop
group named after a Chinese appliance
company if they've better this apartment
in Chengdu this is where they eat we can
record phone wha-ha-ha-ha-ha defect
beans in China they're way more known
abroad because of YouTube yeah hey but
youtube is banned in China so they have
to use proxy software just to see
people's reactions what kind of comments
do you get they say ah you guys change
Hong brothers potential Chinese yo-yo
Chinese is more control economy the
Chinese can bigger can tell you're a
curious horn hey you ever miss our Go Go
vlog or the New Year San Jim DeYoung
wrong as you are to New Zealand
Oh Toby Andy the higher brothers have a
large US audience thanks in large part
to their manager Sean Mashiro who's
based in LA they've never met in person
and have to rely on your call to
communicate yo what's up sure so when
you can bring up to America huh
I'm going to promise you I promise maybe
like after the ages were bring you to
America in October
you mean this yeah it sounds possible
huh it's possible bro yet everybody
loves you here zero John started wishing
to hire brothers in 2016 it was company
88 rising how did you get hooked up with
higher brothers one of our employees is
show me their black cat video hi you J I
just immediately got like a grace from
above they're killing
and I was like this is the first time
I've heard Chinese rest them I just was
like yo can we like bring it to the
world over here in America
I mean Chinese artists don't typically
do well in the mainstream period okay of
America across genres learning to talk
in hip-hop that's what we're trying to
change this isn't the first Asian actors
companies worked with we just moved in
and we're just going to like have a
bunch of making and
that's what we're going to be doing this
is the epicenter this is a media company
though it's not a record label it's like
kind of hard to wrap your head around
with you it's everything it's everything
we literally have artists management
record label people editing a video yeah
what are you doing bro hahaha see that's
actually exactly what people are gonna
be doing is making us clips and memes
bro we make me wear meme factory and you
go what up so that check you're like me
88 rising is also behind the viral
success of which trigger who's from
Indonesia they've also been working with
Korean rapper keep 8 the 1 thread
holding everything together it was their
main talent pool is all ages I kind of
just naturally saw that there is a all
the talent all this culture expression
coming from all the different countries
in Asia but there's no like central
place and to kind of celebrate that you
see a lot of people griping about like
you know the whitewashing of Hollywood
and very little Asian representation and
entertainment stuff like that and I
think that our philosophy is the way to
kind of break out of that it'd be really
 good at what you do be
undeniable and do it yourself
the higher brothers are undeniably good
at what they do at the Shanghai stop in
the last tour the venue is packed or
just what's on top your songs on heidi
us parable Savarin adore it
holy guy said i run some of all of our
almond council for my brother
sinem Pam I don't know if you've ever
been to a hip-hop show in the US the
theme might look familiar
everything from the beat to the dance
moves to the hairstyle is pretty much
the same except everyone's Chinese I've
seen this on some of the YouTube
comments people saying like get some
Asian dude they're still in black
culture what do y'all think about that
we're done it's black culture so we we
study from them and now it's 2017 the
world is more closed black people watch
Japanese cotton we listen hip-hop same
thing with more clothes that's why still
tonight for Thursday July 20th tune in
tomorrow night for the award-winning
documentary series fight the world order
has been upended
weaks takes threatened global stability
as easily as strongly
and America's role in determining the
future is far 4:30 I think there's now a
certain loss with respect to the United
States are certain loss of fear we sit
down with the people whose policies have
shaped the modern world the West will
defend its divisions and is valued and
take you to the flash point of a world
into surrett
you
