tonight they don't want somebody who's
captured by corporations so you think
that the alleged murder of a soundy
journalist on Turkish soil would be
grounds for a major bilateral blow-up I
know who I am and you know they're wrong
the governor of the province where China
is detaining an estimated 1 million
weaker Muslims publicly defended the
camp says vocational training centers
speaking with state media sure out
secure called inmates trainees saying
they aren't only taught to drop
extremist beliefs but they gain job
training and language skills and learn
how colorful life can be former inmates
say they were forced to denounce their
religion in what they described as
political indoctrination camps two years
after thousands protested against the
Dakota access pipeline at Standing Rock
around 50 people are fighting the
networks last linked a 160 mile stretch
through Louisiana known as the Bayou
Bridge pipelines protesters who've
locked themselves to machinery and trees
say they've managed to block
construction for over a month in some
areas but pipeline owners say they're
86% done and will finish this year
Ethiopia's new prime minister has
appointed women to half the posts in his
new cabinet including secretary of
defense with the goal of fighting a
stereotype that women can't lead it's
the latest reform obviou amid has pushed
through since taking office in April
including the release of thousands of
political prisoners and a peace deal he
signed last month with Eritrea
ecuador's London Embassy has issued
Julian Assange a set of house rules he
needs to stick to in order to keep his
Asylum it's a pretty typical chore list
for an over staying houseguest Assange
has to keep his living area and bathroom
tidy refrain from interfering in the
internal affairs of other countries and
remember to clean up after his cat in an
interview this evening with The
Associated Press
president Trump said those blaming the
Saudi government for the disappearance
of Jamal khashoggi are jumping to
conclusions earlier in the day he
implied that he believes the Saudi Crown
Prince says denial that he knew anything
about what happened to Khashoggi who
disappeared after entering the Saudi
consulate in Istanbul Trump promised
that answers would be quote forthcoming
shortly Secretary of State Mike Pompeo
was in Saudi Arabia today trying to get
those answers tomorrow
he's expected to head to Turkey as the
two countries navigate the latest crisis
in a relationship that's been on shaky
ground for years Turkey and Saudi Arabia
arrivals they compete for influence in
the Middle East and it's not uncommon
for each to be critical of the other
Turkey has pulled out Saudi Arabia for
driving the civil war in Yemen and for
leading the blockade on Qatar last year
Saudi Arabia has called out turkey for
among other things supporting Hamas so
you think that the alleged murder of a
Saudi journalist on Turkish soil would
be grounds for a major bilateral blow up
so far it hasn't on the khashoggi affair
turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan
has taken a comparatively measured tone
up to now Germany in order to keep Iran
in jet or the visitation
you cannot illusory joke so no stutter
foolish mutt there has been a steady
slew of leaks and stories in Turkish
media pushing Saudi Arabia into a corner
citing unnamed security officials saying
they have evidence like audio recordings
or even video shot inside the consulate
but nothing's been officially released
Turkish analysts say it's all part of a
carefully managed strategy to make sure
that Turkey benefits as much as possible
from the situation
turkey has been very clever about this
turkey Oh obviously like almost
everybody else including the United
States doesn't want to ruin its
relations with Saudi Arabia entirely the
two countries even though they are not
in very good terms are important trade
partners Turkey's economy has been
slumping this year the currency plunged
by about 40 percent since January before
rallying slightly after the release of
the American pastor Andrew Brunson
but soundy investment here is
considerable in 2017 alone there was
roughly two billion dollars worth of
investment by the Gulf bloc led by Saudi
Arabia into Turkish banks companies and
real estate keeping that money flowing
is a big priority so Oda one is being
careful not to do anything that would
encourage the Saudis to pull out but
there are also political gains to be
made the khashoggi affair is an
opportunity for Iran to further mend his
relationship with the west standing for
justice and the rule of law in contrast
to perceptions of him among some in
Europe and America as an autocratic
strong man ruler and there's a
geopolitical dimension - we've heard
optimism from some here that the fallout
from the khashoggi affair could
ultimately bring an end to Saudi Crown
Prince Mohammed bin Salman grip on
policy decisions that have further
driven tensions with Turkey an
opportunity from heaven as one political
insider told me for Turkey to reassert
itself economically and strengthen its
hand in the region if it's played
correctly
in Texas tonight Democrat better award
will square off against senator Ted Cruz
and another debate in the Lone Star
state's closely watched Senate race Cruz
has been enjoying public poll numbers
that show him with a small but
consistent lead a work has been enjoying
a fundraising haul that shattered all
previous records 38 million dollars in
the single quarter candidates across the
country filed their third quarters
fundraising totals last night and
Democrats pulled in huge numbers more
than 60 Democratic House candidates
raised over a million dollars and 10
raked in over 3 million in just one
quarter according to an analysis by 538
Democratic candidates have raised almost
two-thirds of all the money raised for
House races and how are candidates
spending that money for the most part
how they've always spent it advertising
thank you for example in the same period
O'Rourke raised that 38 million bucks
his FEC filing says he spent 29 million
bucks a rogue's campaign sent nine point
seven million dollars to Democrat a
consulting firm screen strategies media
that paid for TV and radio ads his
campaign sent seven point 1 million
dollars to consulting firm middle seat
that paid for digital ads House
candidate Randy irons - Bryce is raising
a fortune in his efforts to replace
retiring House Speaker Paul Ryan in
Wisconsin's first congressional district
he raised 1.1 million dollars as quarter
he's also spending a lot on ads and
spent at least ninety seven thousand
dollars on fliers and other snail mail
campaigning more money
more ads I'm Randy Bryce and I approve
this message
but just two years after Hillary
Clinton's lost sundberg masticators the
question now is whether money really
matters in elections Clinton
dramatically outraised and outspent
Trump and she still lost this year it's
small-dollar donors were making their
voice heard the loudest a Democrat
succeeded in converting resist into
reward
during the Cavanaugh hearings for
example Democrats implored angry women
to send donations to Democrats as a
means of protest in the past small
donations like these would have been an
accurate measure of intensity voter
enthusiasm that drive turnout and wins
races that might be changing too after
all online donations make it easier than
ever to give to a candidate you like but
if you don't live in that candidate
state you still can't vote for him
you're all probably familiar with the
term judicial activism
I bet this crowd is last night at the
Heritage Foundation Attorney General
jeff sessions blasted what he called
activist judges accusing them of putting
politics above the laws in effect
activists advocates want judges who will
do for them what they have been unable
to achieve at the ballot box his speech
was just the latest sign of the
politicization of the US judiciary
something that was all too obvious
during the fight over Brett Cavanaugh's
confirmation we are here to decide
whether or not to rubber-stamp Donald
Trump's choice of a pre-selected
political ideologue nominated precisely
because he believes a sitting president
should be shielded from civil lawsuits
criminal investigation and prosecution
no matter the facts this whole two-week
effort has been a calculated and
orchestrated political hit but it isn't
just the Supreme Court most of the work
of the federal judiciary is done by
district and circuit court judges and
their confirmation battles have been
political for a long time take Edward M
Chen a US District Judge in California
you may have heard of him because he's
the judge who just ruled the Department
of Homeland Security could intend
temporary protected status or TPS for
immigrants from Sudan Haiti El Salvador
and Nicaragua in his ruling he suggested
Trump quote Harper's and animus against
non-white non-european aliens which
influenced his decision to end the TPS
designation it was a sharp rebuke to one
of Trump's signature policies and it's
exactly why almost a decade ago
Republicans tried their best to keep
Chen from ever getting his job Obama
nominated Chen to the seat in August
2009 he was a magistrate judge who'd
worked for the ACLU and had almost ten
years of experience conservatives
freaked out
revolving door of radicals coming into
the Obama administration continues to
spin and thirded Republican senators
judge Chen believes judges should
interpret the law according to their
personal understandings and preferences
this is a classic definition of judicial
activism it took Obama two years and
three nominations to get Chen on the
bench the nomination is confirmed
and even then it was over the opposition
of almost all Republican senators what
about Edward Chen he had written more
than 350 published opinion
and the minority didn't criticize one
but most in the minority voted against
his nomination anyway Chen wasn't alone
Republicans regularly filibustered
Obama's nominees Democrats vowed to put
a halt to this so they got rid of the
judicial filibuster for lower court
nominees in 2013 meaning that it only
took a majority vote to get a nominee
through not temporarily solved the
property but now that the GOP controls
the Senate it's been able to use the new
rules to push through as many judges as
possible
82 Trump lower court nominees have now
been confirmed more than in any of the
five previous administrations and a
sessions hinted in his speech Trump
plans to keep packing the lower courts
with as many conservatives as possible
which leaves the Democrats with only one
way to stop him take back the Senate
five months after ABC fired Roseanne
Barr for a racist tweet her show returns
to air tonight as the connors without
Roseanne
there were tens of thousands of people
outside waiting to come in the
Washington Post put a picture of an
empty arena and they put a caption mr.
president not a very good crowd as I
didn't even land for four and a half
hours later how did they fire that
reporter no right and look what happened
to Rose Ann did they fire her Rose Ann
yes well I was at my mom's house in Salt
Lake and you know I was very happy and
you know my show was number one after 20
years to come back and be number one and
not just be number one but twenty eight
million people watched it so I was in a
happy place and anyway so I went to bed
and I woke up at 2:11 and tweeted that
tweet and then I went back to sleep and
when I woke up in the morning it was all
over the news and I was like oh oh
and it was characterized as a racist
which just made my stomach all to my
feet and then the network called and
said what possible excuse can you have
for something you've done which is
unforgivable and some other word that I
can't remember and then I said I be
happy to go on all all the ABC shows and
explain it and apologize but I they said
no I wasn't allowed to do that not too
long after that my mom was watching TV
and saw that it was canceled
and that was just the beginning
this was the Eleanor Roosevelt freedom
of speech award ironically oh that's the
Emmy and those are People's Choice
Awards we cleaned all my awards and
group them for you I want to get the
Nobel Peace Prize or a Tony I don't keep
in touch with anyone on the show
I've been removed from the process of my
wife's work it's like the worst thing
they could have possibly done to me was
to fire me from my own show and let
other people write my life story I'm not
gonna watch it and I'm not going to
condemn it or say anything bad about it
either I'm just moving on from it
because I've always been a go-getter and
now I'm uh I don't know what I am
here's my mess my big mess you know now
that I have extra time I really wanted
redo all my files and my pictures you
know get them all in order so that's
what I've been working on so I'm back to
what I always did which is try to get my
pictures and my files together I need a
lot of organization I'm bad at that I've
got a lot of time for real life real
life stuff like just going for a walk
with my mom and having an ice cream cone
stuff like that waiting in lines I
really been sleeping a lot like probably
17 hours a day started smoking very bad
move
there's a backstory to everybody who
creates something you know the the pain
of living life and the things you may
have gone through to you know create
that joke or that situation or that
family and they knew that I had you know
everybody knows that I have struggled
with mental health issues and I was
struggling at that time as well
I was impaired and stupid and mistaken
and wrong and for that I apologized my
whole life I'd been under Pontius I'm
not just my career my life yeah I've
been under punches forever I've been
called every name in the book for you
know since the first time I stepped
onstage and before that and you know I
don't let words hurt me what other
people say I don't let it hurt me cuz
that's about the person who's saying it
not about me I'm not what they think I
am and I know that I Know Who I am and
you know they're wrong
robot music this is getting really
Freudian
that's feel-good time our New York
joking lift and the guy's got a slammin
system and takes a look at us on the
curvy like I don't want these guys are
gonna like it's a guy he's young good
woman I felt like it was some guy
talking to some girl I got you know I'm
gonna make you feel good oh so female
holy crap so it's weird that it seems
like the table's returned alone
it doesn't come across as if the singer
is producing themselves it feels like
there's a lot of people like saying yeah
do this do that little formulaic I'm
sure she it's alright we know that she's
a nice person he's really nice person
yeah and she has different orders about
what she wants to do needs a justify
I love
that's pretty pure and original
songwriting there but I think probably
the ultimate way to hear this person
perform would be just them and an
instrument would probably kill yeah that
person loves everybody its Yoko Ono
that's what an 81 year old woman sings
about at this point that's really great
look at me
they're putting the potpourri these
bitches oh and three and then the lower
league on in my ovaries the problem me
she they're really good I really like
her voice I was really impressed that
she threw the word ovary in there and
she rhymed with ovary now if she can do
like fallopian next time this I mean it
was Nicki Minaj right
it was car TV Oh what's going on man I'm
so bad that's so bad cuz those two like
paid each other don't air that they'll
probably come after me next
you
you
you
