my chance to go watch men in China with
play big tall bald men in China many
time out of question many times I've
adjust many general whoa let me see okay
we have come to the CCP house in the
white Pioneer High our brother
oh yeah that's a logo right yes it just
lacks local did higher brothers did it
really come from that yeah is higher
ruling an eleven thousand voyage it hard
tomorrow although jolly and Yahoo the
higher brothers a four-man hip-hop group
named after a Chinese appliance company
based out of this apartment in Chengdu
this is where they eat we can record
songs ha ha
we can call them as a rock then I hang
up the tight beans in China they're way
more known abroad because of YouTube
yeah ie but youtube is banned in China
so they have to use proxy software just
to see people's reactions what kind of
comments did they say ah you guys change
Hong brothers potential Chinese yo-yo
Chinese is more control akan auntie the
Chinese can speaker can tell you're a
curious Jorge you heard me - sorry go
cool off or the New Year
Syngenta young wrong eh you are to the
Dylan you go get 90
the higher brothers have a large US
audience thanks in large part to their
manager Sean Maher Shiro who's based in
LA they've never met in person and have
to rely on your call to communicate
yourself said what's up sure so well
when you can bring out to America huh
I'm going to promise you I promise maybe
like after the easiest work you bring
you to America in October I do mean this
yeah it sounds possible huh it's
possible bro yet everybody loves you
here you go Jones sorted Washington
hired brothers in 2016 it was company 88
rising how did you get hooked up with
higher brothers one of our employees to
show me their black cat video everyday
hi yo J I just immediately got like a
tracer my vibe there chilling and I was
like this is the first time I've heard
Chinese rest em I just was like yo can
we like bring this to the world over
here in America
I mean Chinese artists don't typically
do well in the mainstream period of
America across genres learning to talk
in hip-hop that's what we're trying to
change this isn't the first Asian active
companies worked with we just moved in
and we're just going to like have a
bunch of making in
hand that's what we're going to be doing
this is the epicenter this is an eager
company though it's not a record label
it's like kind of hard to wrap your head
around what it's everything it's
everything we literally have artists
management record label people editing a
video yeah what are you doing bro hahaha
see that's actually exactly what people
are going to be doing is making us clips
and memes bro we make me where meme
factory and judo what up what a chick
you like me 88 rising is also behind the
viral success of which trigger
who's from Indonesia they've also been
working with Korean rapper ki fate
the one thread holding everything
together because their main talent pool
is all ages I kind of just naturally saw
that there is a all this talent all this
culture expression coming from all the
different countries in Asia but there's
no like central place and to kind of
celebrate that you see a lot of people
griping about like you know the
whitewashing of Hollywood and a very
little Asian representation and
entertainment stuff like that and I
think that our philosophy is the way to
kind of break out of that is be really
 good at what you do be
undeniable and do it yourself the higher
brothers are undeniably good at what
they do at the Shanghai stop in the last
tour the venue was packed well just one
half your songs don't hide it us parable
survived module whole you guys have I
run someone wall I talk online what
counsel for hi brother
Sinan hi myself house if you've ever
been to a hip-hop show in the US the
theme might look familiar
everything from the beat to the dance
moves to the hairstyle is pretty much
the same except everyone's Chinese I've
seen this on some of the YouTube
comments people saying like it's an
Asian dude they're stealing black
culture what do y'all think about that
we don't it's black culture so we we
study from them and now it's 2017 the
world is more closed black people watch
Japanese cotton we listen hip-hop the
same thing with more closed
Hey
you
