calling this Maidan America week is a
huge slap in the face for hundreds of
workers at the carrier plant in
Indianapolis by Friday it will be out of
work and their jobs will be headed to
Mexico m√°iquel apartment will be gone
next week off to Monterey Mexico
Dwayne horse Kovach is 38 for the last
four and a half years he's made heating
and cooling equipment at the carrier
factory in Indiana until this year he
was three need one day retire there okay
do it you can do what you're doing today
oh absolutely you know the opportunities
people like yourself coming out here and
offering on assistance for employment
that's great therefore appreciate your
time thanks for stopping by
thank you good luck see you carrier is
laying off more than 600 employees in
two groups about 300 tomorrow and the
rest right before Christmas which is
when Dwayne gets the odds we caught up
with him last week at a jobs fair for
union workers he and other employees
said that while they're looking for work
are first-rate they already feel
antagonize
the valves that we put on our a coils
they already got the sticker saying made
in Mexico and that's been months now how
do people feel once that started
happening
they're really pissed they're like how
are they getting away with this well
department up the corporation department
already contracted from Mexico we kind
of feel like symbolism of what's about
to happen I don't know what you want to
call by call it kicking in us we spend
more time at work than see our own
families we're working six days a week
five nights four in the morning and
you're going to insult us like that the
Trump administration made carrier the
poster child for the struggles of
American manufacturing workers during
the campaign then candidate Trump used
carrier as an example of corporations
turning their backs on American laborers
many of carriers employees doing
included voted for him because they
trusted he'd stop it we're not going to
let carrier come in make air
conditioners in Mexico sell the air
conditions us across a very strong water
now without consequence before Trump was
even inaugurated he announced he'd
negotiated to save a thousand sixty-nine
carrier jobs from being shipped to
Mexico but if you don't include
white-collar positions that weren't ever
on the chopping block fewer than 800
Union jobs were actually preserved 600
jobs including Dwayne's are still
heading to Mexico carrier got seven
million in subsidies for the deal when
do you think the dust settles from all
of this one is never going to settle
this is going to be a hot topic for
years there's a lot of other companies
now are following suit you know so let's
see what mr. Trump can do you talking to
talk we'll see what you can do man about
a stopping American jobs going overseas
or across borders
each night Dwayne host the night shift
version of happy hour at 4:00 a.m. when
his fellow workers get off and the bars
are closed
your family's employer supporting is
what it is who do you guys blame America
really is all about
thank you thank you the bachelors of RSA
I feel they take your school soon cause
they make it a big big star you guys got
some money sign what did you and their
against 3 something Lisa 3 $5 I was out
United Technologies carriers parent
company declined to interview on the
record in a statement they emphasize
they would pay to re-educate employees
but job retraining doesn't have an
impressive track record Robert James is
the president of the local United Steel
Workers Union education is going to be
important training is going to be
important that's what a jobs are now do
you think there are some long lasting
jobs yes inside that building right now
yes you really don't have any other
choice you have to have some time
you
