tonight Obamacare staying power hunters
against climate change and another
growth our Kelly scandal Minneapolis
police chief is asking for an
independent investigation into the
shooting death of Justine de Mond the 40
year old Australian yoga teacher called
9-1-1 on Saturday night after hearing a
sound in the alley near her house
two officers responded and one of them
shot and killed them on neither of the
responding officers had turned on their
body cameras South Korea's government
under recently elected president moon
jae-in is proposing rare direct military
talks with North Korea as early as this
week the overture to stop hostile
activities at their joint border comes
after several missile tests by the north
pyongyang hasn't responded yet
but if the meeting happened it would
mark their first set of high-level talks
since 2015 Tamala jonghwan other young
phnom bakheng de wallen
Kenta Nagata Kyo nam Polk Angela Kim
Minji Chinese censors have banned images
of winnie-the-pooh on social media the
blog comes after netizens circulated
comparisons between the honey loving
characters rotund figure and Chinese
President Xi Jinping though authorities
didn't give an official reason the memes
were widely shared in 2013 but the
latest poop crackdown comes ahead of
this fall's Communist Party Congress
where key political appointments will be
announced Russia says any conditions the
u.s. sets to return two of the country's
diplomatic compounds would be
unacceptable
the Kremlin spokesman said the
properties located in Maryland and New
York and seized by the Obama
administration as part of sanctions
against Russia for its meddling in the
2016 election should be returned without
caveat
kicking off his made in America week
President Trump showcased us-made
products at the White House which
included guitars rakes and cowboy hat he
also climbed into a fire truck before
making a speech we've sides more bills
and I'm talking about through the
legislature than any president ever for
a while Harry Truman had us and now I
think we have everybody Mike I better
say think otherwise he'll give you a
Pinocchio in the Senate the healthcare
vote is on hold again on Saturday
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell
announced a delay because Arizona
Senator John McCain had to have a small
blood clot removed from above his eye
his recovery is expected to take at
least a week and Republicans the Senate
and the country will wait for him to
come back to the hill because that's how
close the health care vote is President
Obama dealt with something similar back
in 2000 airing when he was trying to get
the Affordable Care Act through Congress
the very old and very frail Senator
Robert Byrd had to be wheeled in to cast
multiple key votes for the bill this
time two Republicans are already through
no vote and that means every other
Republican has to vote yes or else
McConnell's bill and the Republican
promise to repeal and replace Obamacare
and it will collapse and in the meantime
the Republican case is getting tougher
why is this so hard one reason is that
the Republican talking point that
Obamacare is an abject failure just
isn't cutting it these days
turns out it's hard to convince people
Obamacare is garbage as two people have
seen it benefit their own lives or the
lives of people that they know let's
break it down insurance is now well more
insurance a Consumer Reports study in
May found Obamacare to help cut personal
bankruptcies in America in half since it
was implemented we should talk a lot
about people who were underinsured Karen
Pollitz at the Kaiser Family Foundation
took me down health insurance memory
lane today to a time before the ACA 75%
of plans back men didn't cover maternity
care 60% of plans will only cover a
fixed amount over your lifetime if your
coverage cost more than that you're
screwed almost half didn't cover
addiction treatment and more than 1/3
didn't cover mental health now the vast
majority of insurance plans have none of
those coverage holes so that's a real
personal economic impact from Obamacare
the healthcare economy is feeling
impacts to some of the sharpest
criticism of the Republican proposed
health care bill has come from the
health insurance industry that could be
because over the past ten years
healthcare stocks have done dramatically
better than the S&P 500 as a whole now
is it all sunshine and rainbows not at
all it's true that for some people in
some states Obamacare is meant higher
premiums and fewer choices polling also
shows that most Americans want changes
to this law but the improvements in
health care make it impossible to
honestly argue that the ACA is a total
disaster
the UK brexit secretary David Davis met
his counterpart Michel Barnier in
Brussels today to resume haggling over
Britain's departure for us it's
incredibly important you now make good
progress and now it's time to get down
to work and make this a successful
negotiation so far the negotiations have
been sluggish and testing especially
arguments over the rights of European
citizens in the UK after breakfast and
the amount that UK will pay to cover the
cost of obligations it's already signed
up for when negotiators finally have a
deal in place
EU law makers MEP S will have to vote to
ratify it and many of those from the
remaining 27 countries are in no mood
for compromise
I'm going to pull you back a year the
United Kingdom has gone to the
referendum the votes come in and they
voted to lead some of your reaction well
first of all disappointment after they
decided to leave the biggest search on
Google was what is the EU actually I'm
disappointed that's the main feeling
that we couldn't have had this honest
debate earlier and then of course the
British people make up their mind ty
it's up to them I mean this is such a
great decision for the UK but also for
the European Union
it sends really shock waves I think
throughout Europe and I'm very very
disappointed and I still haven't gotten
over it so to say a year later that that
they're really leaving I mean imagine
they're really going to leave but there
must be lessons to be lunch only if
there are people who are saying actually
we want to reclaim our sovereignty we
don't like the amount of laws that being
drawn up here in Brussels and they voted
against a non-profit that's for sure the
situation now is also in the hand of UK
and you can see that they don't know how
to do it and how they're going to handle
this crazy situation in which they have
with their people and we all feared at
that time that this would open the door
for other exits the wrong reaction would
be okay we defeated populism or he
defeated the extreme right or the
extreme left and the problem is solved
now
no I hope that the conclusion here is
not okay now the pain in the ass has
gone you know sorry my under plum attic
language but you know to some the UK was
I mean it's important that we hopefully
do a deal with the UK but the interest
of the 27 from our perspective is now
much more important and we put at the
top of our list and indeed with my
disagree on a number of economic things
but we put on the top of the list all of
us the rights of EU citizens in the UK
so Britain Foreign Secretary has said
that the EU can go whistle for
the case was extortioner it won't sell I
think it's go whistle is an entirely
appropriate expression it's not an
extortion
divorcing one we want fair deal we
didn't vote in favor of it the only
thing the UK or the EU negotiator is
saying is we didn't want breakfast but
we're ready to negotiate the UK wanted
bracket what has been very very chaotic
and actually signalling what they want
so let's get to work giving Matt at the
moment the United Kingdom are on course
for getting a deal they're going to be
very very difficult because I mean they
wait so much time for finally agreeing
what they actually want we can you know
one Unocal demand then they did an
election wasting many more precious
months so we're now 2017 already so like
a year has passed and the idea is to
have in a divorce arrangement agreed on
and then also new trade agreement and if
you look at trade agreements they take
usually years to negotiate so let's say
there's been some negotiations and some
form of deal is put forward to the
members of parliament including self 751
of them
what would make you votes no and there
any red line issue of the citizens
rights absolutely that would go for all
three of us I'm quite sure the red line
the first red line and then there are
some more if I you know removing the
lines currently very interesting three
you know different parties different
countries all very unified when it was a
break yes but here we stand united on
the issue of the citizen let's fight for
them first
this is bill gear for four decades he's
been working on wildlife conservation
both in Utah and in Montana where he
lived for the past 30 years so when he
retired four years ago he could have
taken a step back can we do some phone
shut no instead he embarked on an
ambitious self-funded project to travel
the Northwest giving climate change
presentations to an important voting
population hunters and anglers thank you
for being here are you willing to invite
us bill here go far he's driven in 2005
and spoken to 43 clubs we get to vote in
elections we get to discuss Shenzhen
Town Square on drew who will get the
call of things fake news if we want it
we get to debate whether or not we think
climate change is real Fish and Wildlife
don't have them in the u.s. 42% of
hunters and anglers identifies
Republicans and conservative Republicans
are more than 5 times less likely than
Liberal Democrats to believe that
climate change is caused by humans but
bill who was a delegate for Bernie
Sanders in last election thinks he can
change that I'm not going to ask you to
sign a letter or call a congressman I'm
asking you to think for yourself if I
can do that it will be worthwhile where
is your favorite place on earth if
you're like me lawn tennis tree Harvey
like bills presentations consist of
videos he makes himself with help from
small team of volunteers he says he
prefers them to powerpoints because
using videos prevents interruptions by
climate deniers this time well the one
has all the answers
and change we all know we're dealing
with a rapidly changing world why did
you guys come here tonight I was just
know yourself I was curious with yet
I thought his videos immediately were
pretty informative and kind of scary to
be honest what did you think about my
part of this whole presentation was
built with my dad yeah I think kind of
speaks for itself
are you Republicans Democrats you know I
bleed their red white and blue some no
specific affiliation I have a really
hard time with with everybody back in
Congress and Senate right now
Hellgate hunters and anglers was one of
the clubs that attended guild leaders
presentation we spoke with their
president kid Fisher about bills
approach when the bill talks about
climate change to people like like your
club do you think that it helps that
he's the kind of guy that you want to go
fishing with yeah you got to be one of
the tribe a climate organization could
not walk into hellgate hunters and
anglers and say hey I want to sit down
and tell you guys about climate change
yeah why not not good news because they
won't be able to get 10 minutes of the
meeting when you have one of your peers
come in who can say I'm not here to sell
you on something but if you look even 25
years ago conservation was not a
partisan issue and in recent years it
has become more and more partisan as
some of these big issues that pops up
this isn't just some retired guy's pet
project back when bill works for the
National Fish and Wildlife Foundation
appealing to hunters and anglers to
affect political change was one of his
strategies and it got real results how
many acres were you able to to protect
all the true realization when bill talks
to hunting clubs he makes the point of
telling them that he's not here to make
them lobby Congress or sign a petition
but that's only sort of true you by
going through these various hunters
clubs you're essentially changing the
minds of a very very important voting
population in Montana honest work is is
that by design are you trying to do that
yeah yeah except I have to do this ages
I have to provide factual information so
you can feel like the better inform and
come back and take the next step
eventually doctor you know I'm you just
find a letter clerk lunch you know down
the road you're retired
what are you spending your retirement
fund on this you're saving for listen
why would you do that
I am 11 grandkids so that's the world
we're gonna living is going to be a
living hell quite frankly that's why
it's just not it's not just us in our
lifetime the changes are coming faster
than they ever thought they would I
can't bear the thought to what I'm doing
is ignoring all that what I love funny
new fishing
in 2002 music reporter Jim gee regards
received a videotape that allegedly
showed our Kelly having sex with an
underage girl and urinating in her mouth
we set off a child pornography trial the
singer was acquitted of all charges
now 15 years later do you regattas has
published a lengthy report on BuzzFeed
acclaimed our Kelly is running a cult in
which young women are being emotionally
and sexually manipulated Dexter Thomas
has more according to the article Robert
Sylvester Kelly is keeping several young
woman in isolation from the outside
world and essentially is controlling
every aspect of their lives he allegedly
tells them when they conveyed who
they're allowed to talk to and even
dictates how they're supposed to have
sex with him if they break any of his
rules that punished the parents of the
young woman have done the police but the
police aren't able to do much about it
that's because unlike the charges of
child pornography they put him on trial
in 2008 what's happening here isn't
necessarily against the law everyone
involved is above the age of consent and
the women themselves have said that
they're fine I talked to Richard Devine
former Cook County State Attorney who
was involved in 2008 case in our
situation the child pornography was
appropriate because the individual woman
was underage at least as far as I
understand it from the article all the
young ladies involved are of adult age
or age of consent frankly would be very
significant to have the women themselves
be willing to cooperate in order to see
if there's anything there in an email
our killers lawyer told us that he is
both alarms and disturbed at the recent
revelations and that our Kelly
unequivocally denied such allegations so
what happened next well it depends on
whether or not people care more about
this than they cared about the child
pornography case nine years ago after
all that trial didn't in his career
it didn't stop Lady Gaga and Justin
Bieber from wanting to collaborate with
him
and it didn't stop Alexander Wang from
featuring them as a model it also didn't
stop with albums in going number one
last year and people are still going to
his shows and unless he canceled this
next one
people probably still go to a concert
next week a lot of companies are making
money off of art Kelly and let's say all
of a sudden decide to stop doing
business with him this scandal might
blow over it's just like the last one
this past spring Sarabande found herself
at the center of an unexpected
controversy Sarah's a classicist a
profession that doesn't really attract
conflict especially about race this
particular controversy weirdly enough
was about an article she wrote on
ancient statues and something called
polychromy white marble statues or what
you normally see when you go into any
museum today they're really mostly what
is presented to the public either in
movies or in video games or in museums
but we know particularly from a lot of
digital technologies that polychromy was
something that was quite common
polychromy is an academic term that just
means lots of pain over the past 30 or
so years scientific and imaging advances
have made it possible to know that this
Archer sculpted around 500 BCE actually
looked like this sarah's argument was
about skin color paintings from ancient
Rome in Greece show a wide variety of
skin tones that reflected a multi-ethnic
Society so why are these statues always
presented in bare marble the belief that
Romans are white people is something
that's widespread Julius Caesar
oftentimes gets depicted as a pretty
white guy when in fact he probably had a
much darker Mediterranean skintone the
image of these ancient societies is
mostly white can be traced back to an
18th century scholar named Johan
Dinkelman who was fixated on a purity of
white marble
there is no monolithic skin tone for the
entirety of the Mediterranean you have
people that are from North Africa people
better from what is modern-day Nigeria
and Ethiopia that are intermixed for
centuries
nobody questioned any of this and now
the work of figuring out what these
statues actually looked like fall to
people like Rachel Cedeno a conservator
at the Art Institute of Chicago this
pigment in here we analyzed and it is
red LED so we know certainly that this
whole sweep of drapery was more than
likely a maroon e color as for the skin
tones but that's always the question
because those are some of the more
fugitive types of pigment they don't
last the longest and we're not always
sure if they were meant to be somewhat
ephemeral looking or if they were meant
to be these flat monochromes to Sarah
the paint on these statues challenges
the belief that the Western world was
built by white Emperor's white scribes
and white artisans who created white
statues what you're describing as a sort
of normalization of white marble what
effect do you think that that's had in
terms of a building out standards of
beauty in the Western world so I think
that Western civilization is itself a
cultural construction something that has
been reused to argue for the superiority
of Europeans and for Western
civilization and thus to connect the
u.s. to Europe in this cultural heritage
Sarah and a growing number of
classicists believe that polychrome
statue should come with some cards
display or even overlaid projections
that would show how they originally
looked there's resistance to any sort of
alteration in something that's been
perceived as an art historical standard
even the Sistine Chapel ceiling so there
are going to be people who are attached
to the idea that these these things were
white
it's something that was transmitted to
us because paint gets rubbed away but at
the same time it's not something that is
a reality it's a fiction that we really
like telling ourselves that's why sees
tonight for Monday July 17
