tonight what comes next for Mosel the
new FBI director and the summers hottest
sex-crazed medieval nun comedy beautiful
morning
former Brazilian President Luiz in√°cio
Lula da Silva was convicted of
corruption for taking bribes in
sentenced to nine and a half years in
prison the still popular politician
wants to return to politics and is
expected to appeal Lula's conviction is
just the latest development in a massive
corruption probe that's now ensnared
three consecutive leaders of Brazil
Counting former President Dilma Rousseff
and current president Michel temer the
EU Commission says Greece's public
finances are back in order at last after
years of spending cuts and tax increases
the signal is clear and massive is that
at Greece that's full filled its
commitments towards the European Union
and eurozone the recommendation brings
the country closer to returning to the
International bond markets which has
been largely excluded from since the
eurozone crisis in 2009 two Chinese
warships filled with troops set out for
Djibouti today as part of China's effort
to establish its first overseas military
base the Chinese government did not
release details about the number of
troops on board but a foreign ministry
spokesman said the base will help China
contribute more to global peace and
stability state-run media made a point
of noting quote it's not about seeking
to control the world strict new
limitations on refugees entering the
u.s. are now in effect
the US has reached its new annual cap of
50,000 refugees this year after the
Trump administration cut down a previous
limit of a hundred and ten thousand that
means that until the next fiscal year
starts in September no more new refugees
will be allowed in unless they meet the
standards of having a bona fide
relationship with a person in the US
vast swaths of the internet protested
FCC Chairman Ajit PI's call to roll back
net neutrality rules around 800,000
websites displayed Pro net neutrality
messages to show their dissent tech
giant's Google Netflix and Twitter
directed users to the FCC site where the
public can post comments on the proposal
even pornhub one of the world's most
visited sites took part with a message
of solidarity against the rollback
air strikes and heavy gunfire continued
to shake a city that's been at the
center of fierce fighting for months and
we're three years ago when abu bakr al
baghdadi first declared an Isis
Caliphate LMU's american military
officials said they still don't know
whether the elusive leader of the
Islamic state is alive or dead but what
is certain is that a monumental task
lies ahead
rebuilding what's left of the rocks
second-largest city this was where
Baghdadi was standing right on the
module that was where do you think he is
now abu bakr al baghdadi 'he's only
public appearance here could well have
been his last
often nine months thousands of lives
lost and the destruction of neighborhood
after neighborhood Isis has been driven
out of Gaza see this actually an Iraqi
flag now just from the base of the
building that's what was blown by Isis
before it could be let's go down
there is still pockets of resistance but
the price has been heavy the level of
destruction in the western half of Mosul
is breathtaking
in the old city alone more than 5,000
buildings have been damaged some of
Mosul's neighborhoods more than 80%
destroyed the UN says it's going to cost
at least a billion dollars to get even
the most basic infrastructure up and
running
removing the rubble alone will take
months Italian magellan McNally above
Faizal Mohammad is in charge of putting
the city back together
he's now overseeing major projects like
repairing this sewage training system
that was badly damaged by air strikes we
can't restore topology generally a tough
year from sharia fallon for allah that
works good hustle by Sharia a little
Italian marble a pub on fire - -
sure sure our official Latin sir
Napoleon and a monotheism in Medina
not happy about repairing roads and
bridges and rebuilding schools fixing
damage to public parks medium scale
projects like these have been greenlit
by Moses governor even before the money
to pay for them has arrived nor follow
how many left Mosul when Isis came in
but he returned when the eastern half of
the city was liberated to try to get
things up and running what are the
things you need from the government
the money to complete if you have more
modern money we must have become
successful
the lack of post Isis planning has
alarmed many here bad blood between
Mosul and the central government in
Baghdad is partly what led to Isis
capturing the city so easily in the
first place there's a crisis of trust
among returning residents even as they
celebrate newfound freedoms hundreds of
feet from where Isis was fighting just
days ago this is West nosal's first
pop-up pool club a sport band on in
Islamic state there's a sandwich
business in the corner next to a hole
blasted by Isis fighters so they could
cross from one house to the next without
being seen the star player is 20
year-old Mohammed Ahmed Maher gentleman
was gonna buy styrofoam jellied
casserole Akua terrorism jelly by Apollo
a llama no I said Oh a meze sada
no Mohammed's been coming here every day
since it opened
he's a student but there are no classes
so that the university was destroyed
like many of the young man in here he's
unhappy that it's taking so long to get
basic services up and running
dakara wakaru one more delivery Omar do
money hey Amaka
Yanis an Eastern wonderful day every
flows when the teacher will say either
TDC Allah Mitra saw well a few of us
woke up mamas tell me a few blocks away
Alan Hansen is picking up what's left of
his home life the risk destroyed in an
airstrike Pissarro horizontally rod
but I've overheard in and again again
unless just fell again in Baca here we
first met Ally back in March at a
hospital in the nearby city of Erbil his
four-year-old daughter Hilda was blinded
in the blast her mother was killed
months later how does eyesight has
returned after a number of surgeries the
doctors say she still has severe trauma
but she's doing better than before Ana
is now living in a rented apartment he's
got no idea how he'll afford to rebuild
my life and my journey
he'll fall on top got mini style of
careful my laser I thought if they were
on here how could I never thought with
acqua Pazza mom miss beciraj caliber of
magician he preferred to sell my house
because of everything that's happened
but until it's fixed up he stuck with it
and all the memories old
chris ray president Trump's picked to
lead the FBI went to Capitol Hill today
for his confirmation hearing and while
these days the FBI seems to be
synonymous with the Russia investigation
ray will have a long and totally
unrelated to-do list
Josh Hirsch has more chris ray had no
trouble answering the questions that
many people assumed would be the
trickiest ones even when it required
that he contradict the views of the man
who nominated him do you believe that in
light of the Don jr. email and other
allegations that this whole thing about
Trump campaign and Russia's of which I'm
I did not consider director Muller to be
on a witch hunt in normal times that be
the end of the story
ray is a shoe-in and seems almost
typecast for the job low profile non
partisan a former assistant attorney
general who helped prosecute Enron and
later threatened to resign along with
Jim Comey and Bob Muller over the Bush
administration's handling of domestic
surveillance he says he'd do it again if
he had to the president asks you do
something unlawful or unethical what do
you say first I would try to talk him
out of it and if that failed I would
resign but these aren't normal times
after all if Trump hadn't prematurely
fired Comey earlier this year you
probably wouldn't have heard of Chris
ray there wouldn't even be a job to fill
and that's what former FBI agents I've
spoken to keep saying they're most
concerned about once ray gets the job
how does he get a bureau of 35,000
people back to normal back focused on
the sort of mundane stuff that doesn't
make headlines but keeps America safe in
his three years on the job
Jim Comey had a list of initiatives for
the FBI to help catch up with the 21st
century diversity in the ranks women and
leadership the growing threat of cyber
crime and online terrorism
today as one former top official told me
the bureau is still way behind where it
needs to be it also needs a new home its
current headquarters is literally
falling apart like chunks of concrete
being held up by Nets but earlier this
week with no one at the helm to get the
bureaus back the government cancelled
its search for real estate after almost
10 years chris Ray's new job won't be
totally firewalled off from the Russia
drama as FBI director he'll be
responsible for investigating criminal
activity coming out of that country
including things like hacking which the
president hasn't exactly been eager to
pursue but it's making sure that stuff
doesn't interfere with all the other
stuff he does the normal operations of
the Bureau that will be Chris Ray's
biggest burden 2017 is only halfway over
and in the United States it's been a
bloody six months they've already been
more than 8,000 shooting deaths and more
than 16,000 gun related injuries
according to the watchdog group gun
violence archive in Chicago the violence
has been so intense that President Trump
announced at the end of June that he's
sending in the feds about 20 ATF agents
armed with ballistics technology that
can help solve gun crimes it's a tool
that already seems to be working in the
places where police have the resources
and commitment to embrace it
ready
this vehicle is on the way to sell the
informant heroin and make this stick did
that rifle see him god when I came on
like if you recovered a firearm it was a
big deal when somebody got shot it was a
big deal it's them
but now like 25 28 years later
it happens multiple times a night hands
down by your ass
in 2015 dine crimes here reached a peak
479 were committed that year the number
dipped in 2016 but already this year the
forces seeding garden crimes take up
again I don't think I've seen a fist
fight for years you know I remember when
I came on people used to fight now
everybody just grabs a gun or so apart
from fighting the gun problem on the
ground Cincinnati is also using a tool
that's less action and more CSI it's
called the National integrated
ballistics information network known as
nahban so once we hit the button that
tells us all the suspects that were
involved in different crime scenes that
the casing matches up to a database of
bullet casings run by the Bureau of
Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms this is the
farm compressional every gun leaves
unique identifying marks on a casing
kind of a fingerprint of the gun that
makes them key evidence because ngayon
can link multiple casings found at
different crimes to one gun and
sometimes one criminal I know here's how
it works is an attic came around a bend
right here coming towards me just
reloaded in the weapon back up cpgs gang
enforcement unit is called to respond to
either a shooting or a shots fired scene
when they find a casing whether someone
was hurt or not it's treated like an
important piece of evidence there's
money time you have someone who writes
through a residential community shooting
a firearm the likelihood of them using
that gun in some other capacity it is
extremely high so makes collecting these
showcases very valuable and so what
happens next
it goes back in and gets entered into
now in the officers were going to go
ahead and and tag the item we're gonna
go ahead and put it into our property
room yeah
then our diving specialist retrieve it
tomorrow everything is then brought to
the Neyman lab for processing okay so
this is the casing that you guys saw
last night their casings are cleaned and
entered into a system that creates 3d
images sort of fun the area we want the
algorithm that they are set to a
correlation Center where they're
compared to casings found at other crime
scenes for matches
that data is sent back to the cops and
detectives will follow up on any
potential hits after years of trial and
error
Cincinnati's niden process is a model
for others police departments come to
them for training we have 426 people
shot in Cincinnati last year we didn't
have 426 individual seeds pulled the
trigger once we've got 40 to 50 to
repeatedly pull the trigger
they shoot two three four individuals
before we can finally put a case on them
so how do you measure success with
nahban well we know that Neyman played a
large role in our shooting reductions
for last year we were one of the few
large Midwest urban cities that had a
reduction in both homicides and total
shootings
Cincinnati's nahban process is a success
but it's been a challenge to implement
here and in police departments across
the u.s. there are less than 180
machines nationwide machines cost as
much as a quarter million dollars to buy
and using them correctly requires a
mindset shift from cops who tend to
think of bullet casings as trash and the
CSI stuff is boring it takes someone who
is private in tune and seeing it those
are just some of the challenges ATF is
faced as they try to widen the Neyman
Network so do you think that ATF maybe
made a mistake in not getting out there
and telling Police Department's you need
to do this quickly this is the right way
to do it I think police departments in
general are
reactive I think there was a time when a
stop sign shooting occurred shots fired
I don't think the officers would have
gotten out of their cars to pick up the
cartridge cases to submit but now I
think officers are actually responding
to the scene but the federal government
in ATF could do more to make this tool
Universal as new decay points out
they've done it before
with national fingerprint and DNA
databases that's lacking for nahban
there's not a police department in the
country that's gonna say we wouldn't
submit those fingerprints into APHIS
national practice we get DNA at a crime
scene everybody's going to submit that
into CODIS but we are not submitting
that ballistic trace evidence in denial
at some point it's got to be
standardized practice
so far Republicans have been trying to
go it alone in overhauling Obamacare and
it hasn't worked yet they've already had
to push back their summer recess and now
they're asking the Congressional Budget
Office to score yet another version of
the bill which drops tomorrow if that
doesn't work they might have to consider
something truly radical Majority Leader
McConnell is trying to get 50 of his
fellow Republicans on the same page with
vice president Pence as the tie-breaking
vote to get repeal and replace done if
he can't figure it out in the next
couple of weeks he'll either have to
move on or compromise my suspicion is
that any negotiation with the Democrats
would include none of the reforms that
we would like to make translated from
McConnell speak that's a threat but if
he's forced to sit down with Democrats
the outcome would be much less
conservative but there are others in his
conference who seem to be more concerned
with collapsing insurance markets and
less with partisan politics my hope is
that we can avoid the mistake that
President Obama made when he passed a
major healthcare reform bill the
affordable care act without a single
Republican vote we got a hint of the
problems the market may face next year
on Monday only 141 insurance providers
have submitted applications to offer
coverage on the Obamacare exchanges this
is a thirty eight percent drop in
filings from the same time last year the
numbers gonna change but what it points
to is less competition and higher prices
for people buying insurance on the open
market
so there's political and industry
agreement that these problems need to be
addressed and it's not like compromises
totally foreign to these people there's
an example of it this week in Congress
it's called the National Defense
Authorization Act or NDAA it's a measure
that governs how the Defense Department
spends money on warplanes Gitmo
everything and believe it or not the
legislative process on the bill is
bipartisan it even got out of committee
with only one Democrat voting against it
but there's a hitch I talked to former
senator jeff Bingaman of New Mexico who
once tried to forge a bipartisan
compromise about health care back in
2009 he told me that it's a lot easier
to get votes from both parties for a
defense bill that supports our troops
than it is for reforming health care
because Obama care is really a law about
taxes which is a third rail for a lot of
Republicans I think it's going to be
hard to get a compromise between the two
parties precisely because Republicans
are not going to want to have their
fingerprints on anything that results in
increased taxes
they've been trying to repeal those
taxes now for a long time and giving up
on that is a bitter pill to swallow
beautiful morning sister in the little
hours an indie comedy released this
month foul-mouthed nymphomaniac nuns run
wild in a modern take on medieval times
the film is based on a story from the de
Cameron a 14th century Italian classic
about young people who holed up in a
villa to avoid the bubonic plague
director Jeff vena and star Aubrey Plaza
can explain well I just found that you
job here's that page - College and it
says Masetto of Lemper akio pretends to
be dumb and becomes a gardener at a
convent where all the nuns vie with one
another to take him off to bed with them
that's pretty much it in front of mine
Joe Swanberg who's also a director was
crashing at my place and we were just
kinda getting up and we watched
dog TV which ostensibly is for dogs but
around 11 o'clock it gets really trippy
it's definitely not for dogs at that
point it's just like weird like bubbles
it just gets like really really
psychedelic and trippy so we're just
watching that and you're talking about
this movie he was working on and somehow
I came up that I had studied the
Decameron and I guess sexual
transgression in the Middle Ages and he
got really like pumped up about that and
was like dude you gotta make this movie
so um the next day I called my producer
and I told her hey like I know you know
this is coming out nowhere but there's
this idea that I had and it would just
take place in the Middle Ages and she
freaked out because one of my investors
she's from Tuscany she's been asking
this investor group for like four years
to shoot and medieval villages she had
access to in Italy and everyone thought
she was a crazy person so when I brought
up the idea of shooting this medieval
movie it just like fit perfectly so
within a month of having this basic idea
I was out in Tuscany looking at all
these locations and scouting and then
within six months we were shooting the
movie I knew about
idea really really early on obviously
because we lived together I grew up
Catholic and I went to an all-girls
private Catholic school when I was going
back and kind of researching prayers and
prayer services and stuff like that it I
was kind of blown away by how much I
remembered there were elements that I
kind of incorporated that I think sort
of I guess we're definitely inspired by
who operated in real life my attachments
to donkeys that's just super attached to
donkeys so what Jeff wrote and what the
cast received was a very just very
detailed very descriptive but there was
no dialogue written so every scene was
improvised as you can see there's really
not much dialogue it's just sort of this
happens this happens this happens this
happens this happens so that's what we
all read so what we generally do is take
three three or four takes and sort of
find the scene like a studio comedy with
like Judd Apatow or you know one of the
big kind of you know studio comedies
that happen nowadays that's a really
different kind of improv it was less
about finding humor sometimes it was
just about finding a tone that existed
somewhere in between comedy and drama
truly lies where there's plenty moments
but there's also real moments did you
just smile at you I don't know why is he
smiling who is that you know a lot of
times comedic improvisation is literally
just people going on riffs and this was
us trying to find something a little
more cohesive
that's vice news tonight for Wednesday
July 12th
