tonight John jr. leaks his own emails
the freedom not to vaccinate Liberty is
higher than safety and security and will
never taken but he's upbeat
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell
is pushing back the August recess
cutting it in half since the GOP is way
behind on its legislative goals
specifically health care and raising the
debt limit as a result of all this
obstructionism don't have enough time to
address all of these issues between now
and the originally anticipated August
recess 16 service members were killed
when a US military plane crashed in
Mississippi all but one of them Marines
and most of them from a unit based in
New York
the kc-130 refueling and transport plane
took off from the Marine Corps Air
Station at Cherry Point North Carolina
bodies were found more than a mile away
from the main crash site while the cause
of the crash is under investigation a
Marine spokesperson said there is no
suspicion of foul play
British prime minister Theresa May
announced an investigation into what
caused a blood contamination scandal
that officials say killed 2400 people in
the UK in the 1970s and 80s
thousands of National Health Service
patients many with hemophilia received
blood that was infected with the HIV
virus and hepatitis C donors at the time
included US prisoners who were paid for
their blood
the Philippine military says the death
toll in morale we is now more than 500
at least 380 of those are Islamic state
link fighters but 39 civilians have also
been killed and that number is expected
to rise more than 300,000 people have
been displaced in the nearly two month
battle starting this school year all
public schools in Saudi Arabia will
offer physical education for girls for
the first time in the country's history
an advisory council approved the new
course in 2014 but it wasn't implemented
at the time because of a pushback from
conservatives who considered it immodest
even though no one can remember meeting
him plenty of people turned up to a
party tonight in Washington st. Regis
Hotel to say goodbye to Russian
ambassador Sergei kis lyac kiss lyac
will be replaced by Deputy Foreign
Minister Anatoly Antonov a hardliner
currently under sanctions by the
European Union for his role in stoking
the Ukraine crisis
good morning Eman just called and asked
me to contact you with something very
interesting the Crown prosecutor of
Russia met with his father arrests this
morning and in their meeting offer to
provide the Trump campaign with some
official documents and information that
would incriminate Hillary and her
dealings with Russia and would be very
useful to your father this is obviously
very high-level and sensitive
information but as part of Russia and
its government support for mr. Trump
helped along by eros and Emin what do
you think is the best way to handle this
information and would you be able to
speak to em in about it directly I can
also send this info to your father
Verona but it is ultra sensitive so
wanted to turn to you first
best Robb Goulston thanks Rob I
appreciate that I'm on the road at the
moment but perhaps I just speak to Eman
first seems we have some time and if
it's what you say I love it especially
later in the summer could we do a call
first thing next week when I'm back
best Don John copal as well Eman asked
that I scheduled a meeting with you in
the Russian government attorney who is
flying over from Moscow for this
Thursday I believe you are aware of the
meeting and so wondered if 3 p.m. or
later on Thursday works for you I assume
it would be at your office best Robb
Goldston great it will likely be Paul
Manafort campaign boss my brother-in-law
and me 725 Fifth Avenue 25th floor it's
less than 24 hours since I saw you last
time thank you for coming back but
things have changed a little bit in this
story since the last time I talked to
you I just want to start out by talking
about something that you told me
yesterday you said this I don't think
there's anything necessarily illegal
about that kind of arrangement of
agreeing to meet with someone who may
have information that would be useful to
your campaign because it would be
harmful to your
opponents campaign how do you feel about
this now I'm in a state of shock over
these emails because they seem quite
incriminating to me he seems to get
excited at the prospect of a Russian
government agent providing the Trump
campaign with information that would be
useful to the Trump campaign accepting
such information I think could indeed
run afoul of the federal election laws
which prohibit the acceptance of
contributions or anything of value from
foreigners yesterday before you'd seen
these emails you were very careful about
saying we don't know baby these
illegality maybe there isn't and today
you come in here you say incriminating
it's as though they were sort of going
through the elements of the violation of
federal election law check that off
check that off yes from a foreigner yet
helpful to your campaign it would be
valuable to your campaign yeah
and the response from Donald Trump jr.
seemed to be enthusiasm rather than any
concern would any lawyer advise Donald
Trump jr. to release these emails I want
to acknowledge that the lawyer that
Donald Trump jr. just hired is not sort
of a standard issue Washington
white-collar crime lawyer
my understanding is he actually has
represented folks in New York rather
than DC and it represented folks who've
been involved in them well mafia
prosecutions so it may be that there are
different norms for that kind of lawyer
but I'm not aware of it there being
different norms and I can't imagine why
a standard issue white-collar defense
lawyer would think it was a good idea
for a client to publicize this to
produce this information does it matter
if Donald Trump jr. had no idea what the
federal election law was oh no no
ignorance of the law right doesn't
excuse you from violating the law is
this the kind of thing that will be put
into the existing mulher investigation
or is this like a whole new one
I imagine that this is certainly within
the scope of that investigation right
because what we're talking about here is
for their evidence that Russia
interfered with or participated in the
the u.s. election by providing
information that would be useful to the
Trump campaign President Trump issued a
statement applauding his sons
transparency but the disclosure may be
making life even easier for Special
Counsel robert muller his growing team
looks like the ocean's 11 of
investigative know-how Muller hasn't
said a word yet but his hiring spree
speaks volumes here are some of the
heavy hitters Michael Dreeben C all-star
solicitors Dreeben is a criminal law
expert who has argued more than a
hundred cases in front of the Supreme
Court as a member of the office of the
Solicitor General he's argued in front
of the court every year since 1989 and
has overseen the Solicitor General's
criminal docket since 94 Andrew Weitzman
the corporate crime specialist Weissman
is on loan from the Justice Department's
criminal fraud unit which he joined in
2015 he's had a storied career as a
criminal prosecutor including
prosecuting mob cases against the
Gambino and Colombo families and
corporate crime cases against Enron
Volkswagen and Merrill Lynch Lisa Paige
the gang Buster Paige worked in the
Justice Department organized crime and
gang section she has experience with
Eastern European organized crime and
money laundering and is prosecuted
Bulgarian national and American
organized crime families Aaron's doubly
the FBI hotshot ee was Muller's t2 staff
at the FBI and also his colleague at
Wilmer Hale doubly is a cyber security
and terrorism expert I'm the FBI he
investigated al Qaeda after the 9/11
attacks
and a spent time undercover exposing
terrorist box games quarks have been
there done that litigator world is a
Watergate veteran who served as
assistant special prosecutor from 1973
to 1975 specializing in campaign finance
research since then he's focused on
intellectual property and business law
warmer hands arguing complex civil cases
often before the Supreme Court
he's also donated $33,000 Democrat
jeanne reads the Financial Crimes 8-3 is
another Wilmer Hale colleague who served
as a deputy assistant attorney general
under Eric Holder during the Obama
administration in private practice Reese
Peschel eyes in white-collar crime as a
member of will merge group advising
clients under investigation including
cases of national security breaches Reid
offended the Clinton Foundation against
the conservative activist groups lawsuit
over Hillary Clinton's email server this
team will potentially face Trump's own
legal squad headed by a new lawyer
Jay Sekulow an appellate litigator who
has argued before the Supreme Court but
has nowhere near the accomplishments of
Muller's team Muller is said to be
hiring more team members as the
investigation grows and Trump's team is
taking them seriously how do you know
even some of trumps lawyers are hiring
lawyers
baseless claims about a link between
vaccines and developmental disorders
have fueled the so-called anti-vaxxer
movement for years now but in Texas the
anti-vaxxers are motivated by something
else an unconditional commitment to
personal freedom even at the expense of
Public Health a parent decide whether
their children get vaccinated or not
that is in a nutshell in 2003 about 2000
kids in Texas held exemptions allowing
them to opt out of vaccinations for
non-medical reasons today that number
has risen to almost 45 thousand more
than 20 vaccine related bills were
introduced in the recently completed
85th Texas Legislative Session and while
some of those bills promote vaccinations
others definitely don't 31 year old
Republican state representative Brisco
Cain is a member of the state's freedom
caucus why is the debate about vaccine
so strong in Texas is it something
specific to Texas especially in our
history in our and our DNA that we
desire to be free from government
intervention in our lives from your
perspective you know what's the vaccine
choice to be about the parent should
have the ability to decide whether or
not your child takes medicine or
receives an injection
it's about liberty so it's not about
vaccines themselves or their safety for
some it is for me personally has nothing
to do with the science or debating the
science of vaccines do you get vaccines
yourself I do do you have children I do
and they've been vaccinated okay yeah I
mean I grew up getting the flu shot
every year it's purely but it was at my
own choosing some vaccines there are
only like 97% protective so
hypothetically if your child were to get
the measles from a child who wasn't
vaccinated how would you feel about that
it's troubling my child got the measles
I mean there have been there's an
outbreak right now in Minnesota I
believe that personal liberty from my
personal liberty stops at the person of
another what about when a person's
personal liberty infringes on somebody
else's safety I believe that in the
hierarchy of Rights that Liberty is
higher than safety and security
when Brisco talks about fighting for
parental rights
it's people like Stacie Methvin that we
had in mind this is an exemption
pharmacist for me and my son she's
previously filed exemptions for her 11
year old son Christian the youngest of
her five children Christian hasn't
received any vaccines confused six could
you walk me through some of the
documents that are in here this one is
one of the first ones that I actually
went and researched and it talks about
the role of the federal government it
doesn't give them the right to mandate
vaccines we have a right on the Senate
to choose for our own bodies is what we
take it and it should be the same way
with a shot or treatment okay I'm in
Texas non-medical or conscientious
exemptions from vaccines can be granted
for any personal reasons including
religion assignments stacy is studying
to be a nurse she claims that two of her
grandchildren were injured after getting
vaccinated my attitude with life as well
as vaccines is that if you believe in it
you push for it
it's hard it's hard for me to think of a
future where other children would lose
their right and continue to be injured
when none of us knows why checking out
the possibility are you worried about
your rice being taken away I worry about
the rise of my children and all the
other children out there Heather and
David pencil are worried too but for a
different reason they live in the Austin
suburbs where public school districts
have some of the highest exemption rates
in the state in private school exemption
rates run as high as 40% the fact that
you live in Austin instead of New York
City for instance post your family more
yeah what happens is there's measles
outbreak here far the doors right yeah
so say baby is younger than six months I
would genuinely be concerned because
measles is a serious disease I mean it
can cause encephalitis it got deafness
you know lots of things a bill
introduced this year would have made
exemption rates for individual schools
publicly available but in May that bill
stalled out in the state legislature
after the freedom caucus opposed it for
infringing on personal privacy how does
it make you feel that the debate right
now is people putting their privacy
above other people's health safety the
privilege issue they are more concerned
about their children than the risk of
the greater population and and it's a
false risk because that information is
already available at that level it's
already being collected yeah I mean we
just wish that you could just yeah it
should be available to parents you know
it's it's a public health issue
Peter Hotez a vaccine expert and Dean of
the National School of Tropical Medicine
at the Baylor College in Houston has
been contending with dangers of the
vaccine choices in in Texas for years a
group of anti vaccine activists have
somehow convinced a large number of
people in the state of Texas that this
is a civil libertarian issue and and I
don't I don't accept that what about the
Civil Liberties of a young mother and
young parents in the Austin Texas area
if I'm a mother of a young baby under
the age of 12 because we don't vaccinate
kids to 12 to 15 months with measles I'd
be terrified if you're a parent you're
required by law to strap your child in a
seatbelt in the car right that that's
not a parental choice if you own a gun
and a lot of people in Texas own guns
you're required to lock that gun if you
have a child at home and it's the same
for vaccines is there anything in Texas
right now that could stop that from
happening stop outbreaks from happening
we could proactively block outbreaks
from happening tomorrow and and it's
very simple all we have to do is what
was done in California when they had
measles outbreaks at the state
legislature finally woke up and they
said oh my god what have we done and
they closed all the non-medical
exemptions and guess what vaccine
coverage rate went up and problem solved
do you think that happening in Texas I
don't and I've been saying this now and
it's it's very sad that the only thing
that's going to stop this runaway train
right now is a large measles outbreak
today Attorney General Jeff Sessions
attended a gathering of dare the
infamous 80s era anti-drug program that
amazingly is still around there was
became fundamental to a success by
educating children to the dangers of
drug use I firmly believe that your work
save lives sessions the Rip Van Winkle
of the war on drugs apparently slept
through the four decade losing battle
fought with ill-conceived policies like
dare a propaganda initiative the dared
kids to abstain from drugs narc on their
parents and Friends and follow the lead
of teen idol Nancy just say no Reagan I
would say no to the harmful drugs I
would help my friend say no I will
pledge to stand up for what I know is
right all while blowing billions in
taxpayer money dare was founded in 1983
by LAPD Chief Gerald Gates who once said
the casual drug users quote ought to be
taken out and shot
we're going to condemn those people who
casually use drugs in this stage but
kids could avoid summary execution by
studying the Dare curriculum employing a
soccer moms idea of youth culture dare
use music
buff and pantless lions to resist
violence and react to bullying or gideon
to thread in wrapping straightedge bear
tiger from yogi boo and rubs his throat
you can get in trouble from even one
dose shockingly none of this halted the
advance of teen drug use at 2001 Surgeon
General report on dare said the program
quote consistently showed little or no
deterrent effect on substance use but
the program wasn't completely
ineffective a number of studies found
that dare programs could produce a
boomerang effect resulting in increased
teen drug use the negative publicity
eventually caught up with Dare
participation declined in federal
funding disappeared Dare shifted away
from the just say no approach and claims
its new programs are more effective but
Attorney General Sessions is nostalgic
for the old days Adair team is ready to
meet this new challenge no doubt about
it
it's summertime when TV networks roll
out their biggest dumbest programming
Dexter Thomas visited the Orson Welles
of primetime game shows as he unveiled
his latest masterpiece
TVs virgin candy crush the mobile game
juggernaut CBS is adding the live
audience game show hosted by Mario Lopez
- it's hot weather line up the first
episode aired on Sunday it's almost
exactly the same games on your phone
except here teams of two players compete
against a giant inelastic game board
behind the scenes of the hit maker named
Matt Kunis for the LA Times once called
a king reality TV mondregon at chambers
and he's the person who brought America
family television classics like Fear
Factor
and wipeout goodness thanks a newish
show will be a crowd-pleaser too but it
might not make everybody happy
critics don't like your shows yeah I
don't care I'm not really down it's life
not for the critics yo people have said
this is stupid this is lo of comedy
nominator TV the good stuff that people
say a program for the critics try to
make movies television music for the
critics like they're not the masses so I
have to think about the broad audience
millions of people out there and I have
to sort of find what is that sweet spot
that really people are going to enjoy
there's many shows you can watch that
are there to be thought-provoking
probably your show right I like to think
so I don't think that the shows that I
do are really designed for you know oh
I'm going to go and I'm going to be you
know intellectually challenged watching
the show we come to my shows because you
want to have a good time
hakuna to his team spent more than two
years in pre-production trying to figure
out how to move the game from mobile
phones to TV and the game stayed the
same sort of all right
even our harness before not like this
harness have you been in let's not talk
about that all right family TV show the
way this challenge works is we're going
to be harnessed from up there from that
gantry we're going to add these two big
giant hands that are attached Lee sticks
whoa and we have to make matches with
them
sighs reminds me of you Louie Hasek yes
you know and I get real high when you're
floating around man being a contestant
on this show is pretty challenging
especially if you're afraid of heights
but if you played a lot of candy crush
you do have an advantage there been
anybody who's just been yo why are you
so good at this game
yeah we also been some people that have
been like yo why are you so bad at this
game
really yeah all right guys are you ready
three two one go
the original candy crush was launched in
2012 games are profitable to play
one-trillion round the TV show might not
get that popular the kunais has a track
record of producing shows American
families want to watch and you might be
onto something here do you think candy
crush is it do you think other mobile
games can be adapted for TV well
hopefully it's gonna be a big hit and if
it is then watch out because every
Network will start saying let's look at
those mobile games and you'll start
seeing a lot more the way it works
are you worried about imitators now you
know if you're the if you're doing good
work and it doesn't really matter like
someone else will come along and do
something similar I mean no one else
become a new candy crush right we both
try to be wipeouts they've tried to do
Fear Factor I think if you're first to
the game you're going to be pretty free
space okay everybody let's mix up a good
show
this is cool sweet boxes I need that
reverb right with guitars crazy ever
heard it's they got a sound I love that
if you need to keep time on yeah that's
wrong strong
that is not what I thought they sounded
like either I thought it was like Linkin
Park - Steve Aoki at first like I
thought that's what that one I hear
those guys are getting together that's
what I think that's what it sound like
were they from they're from Canada
Canada's cool
tomatoes I think if I committed a crime
and I was in an interrogation room and
they played that I would talk cold
there's a theme that's happening keeps
coming up with this living forever and
we're going to be forever young just
conscious spews out of everybody it's
not true
newsflash median age is around 84 years
old
and if your smoke cigarette to see it's
even less than that
and you
this is good this is so good and it's
nutritious I think this has a good
calories you know complete protein yeah
all the amino acids I wish I was in the
war on drugs can we join the war on
drugs please can we be in your band
that's bites news tonight for Tuesday
July 11
