it's summertime when TV networks roll
out their biggest dumbest programming
dexter thomas visited the orson welles
of primetime game shows as he unveiled
his latest masterpiece
this is TVs version of candy crush the
mobile game juggernaut CBS is adding a
live audience game show hosted by Mario
Lopez - it's hot weather lineup the
first episode aired on Sunday it's
almost exactly the same game is on your
phone except here seems the two players
compete against a giant interactive game
board behind the scenes is a hit maker
named Matt Kunis for the LA Times once
called the king of reality TV Ron we're
gonna change the connotation he's the
person who brought America family
television classics like Fear Factor and
wipeout CUDA thinks his newest show will
be a crowd-pleaser - but it might not
make everybody happy
critics don't like your shows yeah I
don't care I'm not really don't if they
if not for the critics you know people
have said this is stupid this is lowest
common denominator TV we do stuff that
people say if we program for the critics
try to make movies television music for
the critics like they're not the masses
so I have to think about the broad
audience millions of people out there
and I have to sort of find what is that
sweet spot that really the people are
going to enjoy there's many shows you
can watch that are there to be
thought-provoking probably your show
right I like to think so I don't think
that the shows that I do are really
designed for you know oh I'm going to go
and I'm going to be you know
intellectually challenged watching the
show you come to my shows because you
want to have a good time
Kunis in his team spent more than two
years in pre-production trying to figure
out how to move the game from mobile
phones to TV and the game stayed the
same sort of all right
we've been in harness before not like
this
what harness have you been in let's not
talk about that all right family TV show
the way this challenge works is we're
going to be harnessed from up there from
that gantry we're going to add these two
big giant hands that are attached li6
whoa
and we have to make matches with them
size reminds me of recently we have fake
yes you know and I get real high I was
floating around my being a contestant on
this show is pretty challenging
especially if you're afraid of heights
but if you played a lot of candy crush
you do have an advantage there been
anybody who's just been yo why are you
so good at this game
yeah we've also been some people that
have been like you know why are you so
bad at this game really yeah all right
guys are you ready three two one since
the original candy crush was launched in
2012 games across the world to play one
trillion round the TV show might not get
that popular the Kudus has a track
record of producing shows American
families want to watch and he might be
on to something here do you think candy
crush is it do you think other mobile
games to be adapted for TV well
hopefully it's gonna be a big hit and if
it is then watch out because every
Network will start saying let's look at
those mobile games and you'll start
seeing a lot more it's just the way it
works are you worried about imitators
now you know if you're the if you're
doing good work and it doesn't really
matter like someone else will come along
and do something similar I mean no one
else to come and do candy crush right we
people tried to do wipeout they've tried
to do Fear Factor I think if you're
first to the game you're you're gonna be
pretty pretty safe okay everybody let's
make this a big show
you
