today Attorney General Jeff Sessions
attended a gathering of dare the
infamous 80s era anti-drug program that
amazingly is still around there was
became fundamental to our success by
educating children to the dangers of
drug use I firmly believe that your work
save lives
sessions the Rip Van Winkle of the war
on drugs apparently slept through the
four decade losing battle fought with
ill-conceived policies like dare a
propaganda initiative the dared kids to
abstain from drugs narc on their parents
and friends and follow the lead of teen
idol Nancy just say no Reagan I don't
say no to harmful drugs I will help my
friends say no I will pledge to stand up
for what I know is right all while
blowing billions in taxpayer money dare
was founded in 1983 by LAPD Chief Daryl
gates who once said the casual drug
users quote ought to be taken out and
shot we're going to condemn those people
who casually use drugs in this nation
but kids could avoid summary execution
by studying the Dare curriculum
employing a soccer moms idea of youth
culture there used music
buffin pantless lions resisted drugs and
violence and react bully a morgue in the
other thread in wrapping straightedge
bear tiger from yogi doing drugs his bro
you can get in trouble from even one
dose shockingly none of this halted the
advance of teen drug use at 2001 Surgeon
General report on dare said the program
quote consistently show little or no
deterrent effect on substance use but
the program wasn't completely
ineffective a number of studies found
that dare programs could produce a
boomerang effect resulting in increased
teen drug use the negative publicity
eventually caught up with Dare
participation declined in federal
funding disappeared Dare shifted away
from the just say no approach and claims
its new programs are more effective but
Attorney General Sessions is nostalgic
for the old days Adair team is ready to
meet this new challenge no doubt about
it
you
