we're in st. Pauli in Hamburg which is
historically kind of stronghold for the
ER left-wing resistance like we both
laugh as everywhere
love is everywhere whatever he said um
there were a lot of protesters gathering
right behind us were thousands of now
this is all because of the violence
yesterday so there were lots of
protestors gathered their permission
together but there was a massive black
bloc contingency and the police stopped
them moving forward violence broke out
many people got hurt we've heard around
70 police officer wounded not sure how
many protesters yet the figures are not
out but certainly we saw people being
dragged towards the side by volunteer
medics who've been injured quite badly
people are moving forward now the
accordant hamburger said because of the
violence there can no longer be any g20
protest peaceful or not these people
obviously don't agree with that they
don't like to see their streets
essentially taken over by the police and
what they see as you know Pro capitalism
they're pro-capitalist
movements like g20 all these people are
leftist there abouts
there are anarchists communists every
ilk of Leptis you can imagine they've
all come together from all across
Europe's not just Germany they've come
together from all across Europe to
protest this not everybody's been
violent certainly we have seen thousands
of people just turn away as soon as the
violence starts but there are a lot of
very angry people here Western Europe
hasn't been like this for a very long
time there's a massive rise of far-right
populism left wing populism as well
identity politics has taken over there
were terrorist attacks so generally
people are very angry and certainly we
have seen violence already
there are a lot of helicopters we've
been hearing this all night
we even saw military helicopter
yesterday we saw Chinook sir presuming
you know certain bigwig g20 person
arrived today a lot of the delegates
have arrived
especially Trump who a lot of these
leftist fears you know similar kind of
embodies the capitalism that there are
against not just that you know he's he
you know we've seen as someone who's
against these progressive movements and
certainly they're looking to make
themselves hurt
so this crowd it was gathered up here
for good our people chanting dancing
there was no you know there was no
aggression particularly everybody's
moving down here now because the police
have stopped them moving what - sure
what's going to go on people are
grabbing under this bridge so we're
going to see what happens
to be honest the protesters were seeing
here today and say Farley certainly look
a lot different I mean yesterday there's
no denying that a lot of the protesters
looked like they came to right you know
they're wearing masks and they're all
kind of wearing black clothing as they
call himself the black bloc so kind of
the more hard core element of the
protest but certainly the white cops
came like that as well you know they all
have color club is on covered in armor
and at one point the they go you know
sirens F at one point the people on a
turn away their quotas had a big
gathering yeah yeah police yeah lots of
them yeah yeah just goes to sand see how
many police they Rock these were loads
of them and it studies the protesters
said yesterday they were like look the
police can take off their helmets that
might be you know so kind of a good sign
it's kind of good faith obviously that
I'm going to do that and things really
kicked off the police run into food
direction it's nice they seem tough like
a very strategic plan on how to kind of
kettle and stop these protests
everybody's moving up there as are the
police you see what kind of trucks there
they have actual military a pcs with
scoops on the front to corral people so
we probably head up that way
I'm gonna go and see what's going on up
this way to Venice these protests have
been kind of a game of cat and mouse
since yesterday but there was a massive
demonstration the protesters were
calling it welcome to hell obviously a
Mueller at the g20 and certainly things
if you know kickoff it was chaos it was
burning at one point but now because the
police are kind of broken all that up
they're moving into much smaller groups
and just kind of dashing in and out
dashing in and out which must be very
hard for the police to kind of control
at the same time now they don't have any
permission to march or protest legally
it's kind of I guess some of them think
we'll what else can I do and but
certainly as I said before not all of
these protesters are violent there were
a lot of people that do feel that the
fact they are now kind of randomly
setting fire to cars and smashing up
buildings and shots you know they feel
it slightly change this message of you
know that they've got something very
strong to talk about but again you have
to understand a lot of these you know
young men young women who are very angry
and feel like you know their future is
being crushed
what I was seeing
right now we're seeing a lot protesters
one of the hill people dressed in black
you know the black bloc as they call it
Jimmy they want to do film
so we sure this is heading now it's kind
of right please everybody's here on the
bridge see what's happening the bridge
now we've seen what we did see yes I
know we were just talking about kids in
black coats sunglasses kind of things up
playing hats I'm covering their faces
they are the ones who you know Alpha
mischeif they're the ones that do want
to smash up everything they're the ones
who want to vent her anger violently
against what's going on here they have
argument you know spoke to them in the
past is how can you change anything
without the violence and even the
leftist are on the side say well look
you're giving us all of that name but
again the police are violent as well you
can't deny that you know both sides are
kind of fighting each other now it
certainly seems completely out of
control in you know a major European
city thousand police I think to go on
the streets and stop this it's quite
different to how things have gone in the
past
you know ideas why these people come
trade they don't all believe in the same
things politically you know there were
kind of leftist groups of every yoke but
they all do agree they are against
capitalism of course g20 being for them
got a personification that that's why
they think I'm you know I don't look too
happy
money
barbs on tying of the face hiding
themselves yeah well I can't imagine
this is going to go to I was quite
precarious position on this bridge here
police have stopped them there anyway
yes but I need to come in that way as
well it's gonna be
hey I'm why is it working
the way essentially as he kept amidst
protests when they say galvanized by the
way how do you feel about the fact that
please keep you know stopping these
protests there was a lot of things
acceptable no I don't think so
what do you think might happen yeah it
was kind of bent always have a
resistance as well then you could argue
that you know coming to protest that
these guys over here are the kind of
class on is provocative as well
the fights in a way and of course this
very simple thing I do think that the
certain attitude is necessary in order
to
you know to kind of give this get this
kind of yeah
and why is everybody so angry no
obviously it's not just like to that's
one thing I already kind of come
together to fight this music it's the
kind of point why is it be so angry
especially new things are very much ok
thank you very much
pre Taylor
so as that guy said you know people of
everything they're using less and they
use the violence I guess to show that
anger 40 that we're going
let's swing forward now
so yes we got separated
good
separating their and the stupidest move
forward as soon as they did of course
the police to start spraying out teargas
been feeling quite let me actually do
bricks were thrown a few rocks the
police seems to set off sound good I
don't know if it's they're more the
closer you know nobody much was
accomplished bad people push forward
will push back because the over here
people are watching this out their eyes
over here we have what a volunteer
medics so they're working with the
protesters that memory is certainly a
lot of people getting wounded the
fighting has been quite evil so whilst
we're now on this bridge kind of blocked
off and people on that side the
protesters coming down from there behind
the police as well
see Bernice they have outside the police
they've come around this side from that
side as well organize themselves well
enough to attack them from both sides
that's impossible
11 to run off the video you can see over
here now everybody is still fighting
seeing his kid come out with these
fireworks is actually a technique you'll
see often in the Middle East firing out
and firework running the police police
running weeks on the thermal
photo to the protester chasing me down
the road
you see this is very precarious for
these police officers to manage they
don't have any reinforcements
mama here
okay
so again as I said this is a very
precarious situation for these police
officers here hundreds maybe a thousand
maybe a thousand police moving in
sorry protesters moving in not very many
police and they've essentially been
outflanked by the black bloc protesters
here they were stuck on a bridge they
push them forward we did see them
walking around early and it seems they
might be walked around in a circle come
back down there we go we've just seen
the police officer coming at them and
this is just one small skirmish in two
parts a holy God knows what's going on
the record
one thing you came to you those are very
serious
they're pushing press over here this
guy's clearly press Wow by the way
somebody's I'm amazed that okay there's
a load of these guys now look
it seems I'm a collection of you know
rocks and bottles nearby flashbangs
every two minutes
show me not as handsome so which is at
least crossroads now again as I said the
police are completely out okay God knows
where they were here we go so the
Reapers must be coming here when they do
things are going to go because protests
very very scary completely surrounded
good sorry
so it's complete chaos please have just
arrived loads reinforcements
demonstrators threw rocks at them two
police cars
have
bunch of the cops the police beating
your boy over the head the truncheon
you can see right here
very obviously a black guy here just
putting up did you absolutely battered
punching him in the face
heating him over the head with the
truncheon the guy had his hands up no
weapons and we just seen it firsthand
there there is violence on both sides
yeah excuse me what happened to your
face and I was surrendering yeah a cop
came punched me yeah
then I said stop please stop put my head
lay down and he started punching his
head wouldn't be very nice thank you
yeah why is he done that why do you
think he's done that no idea you weren't
a part of this black bloc you were not
really I was just yeah yeah we shouldn't
stop you no arms you have anything on
you do they know what is the goal the
last thing you did was you know no they
just wanted to touch me I've no idea why
what's your name stay stay
already within the space of an hour this
has been incredibly guilty
already within the space of an hour it's
been very chaotic we've just seen you
know police beating people argued you've
seen the protesters running down here
throwing all sorts up and they did it
very seriously heard them yes but this
guy's inside of a wall he's not armed
right now police not meant to act like
that but anyway things are carrying you
on down the road we're going to keep
going so we're still worried we're
following this protest this
demonstrations Wyatt essentially um
we've seen a lot black protesters gather
on a bridge black bloc protesters gather
on the bridge they attacked police they
try to end who saw it and then the
police reacted with tear gas what have
you and then pose such a scene
protesters seem to outflank them that
came around the other way
I haven't kind of wedged these police in
there either thirty police officers
maybe thirty police officers weights
between you know thousands of people
running up and throwing bricks stones
all sorts firewall TV it all dispersed I
ran up here and saw a guy who looked
like he was called the black love you
know he was dressed up sunglasses and
then he was saying well no I'm unarmed
but they could have done was arrested
him and taken him instead they just
battered him beat him over the head with
their twenty we saw guys throwing
punches punches throwing in his face one
other guy was just there we just posed
whom he got beaten up got marks in his
place they're not arrested them you know
why beat them up
when you're arguing to be they're saying
if revenge or whatever they get attack
they attack back but you know that's how
you want to work don't be a policeman
you should disperse now for a few heads
this guy keeps moving along but
definitely for me they're got very hairy
for the police
so that's it now Vina Vina my good how
seen a lot of madness all this is in
some way a native people protesting
against the g20 against capitalism but I
think most of all it shows how angry now
willing to act the youth are in Europe
and Western Europe and because to be
honest despite what people in argue the
hopeless does seem to be in chaos I
think things like this and not small
there were 20,000 planes coming here
while leaders all over the place and to
be honest thousands of protesters
looking to get very violent just then as
we saw them down there if they really
really wanted to hurt the police and in
a different way or you know I don't got
the Varmus I mean they really could have
because the police will completely
outflanked and it could seem to be
planted and then as you see the anger
continues to the police are beating
people who are unarmed the you know they
want to take them in and they should
just arrest and I guess about that's it
for now we're gonna go and see
