the GOP proposed alternative to
Obamacare includes drastic cuts to
Medicaid and changes the way the
decades-old program is funded if the
bill passes it will have a huge impact
not just on people with lower incomes
but also on the more than 10 million
Americans living with disabilities
Caroline Moda receipt irani went to
Pennsylvania to meet a family whose
independence depends on Medicaid exactly
feminists birthday and it's shaping up
to be a fifth year the 28 year old who
have cerebral palsy and epilepsy the
brand new job and is house hunting for a
place of his own one of the main things
that's hard for me is like I just got to
make sure everything is pulled up and
the shirts pulled down so I don't look
like a ragamuffin when I go to work
Sergey is already able to live with a
degree of Independence thanks to
Medicaid which pays for in-home care
givers like deja Bobbitt tazered also a
big help for Serge's moms DJ who has
skeletal dwarfism and spinal cord
injuries and can't physically help out
her son mom yes
can I go through please thank you she's
also unable to foot the bill his
extensive medical costs which add up to
fifty three thousand dollars a year
medicaid covers Serge's medication and
in-home care it also covered extra costs
like his wheelchair and the access bus
that takes them to work everything that
allows Sergei to live an independent
life
I wanted to check do you guys have any
melter for the past month sir I've been
working as a receptionist at class a
non-profit Adult Learning Center it's
his first paying job and the part-time
gig means he pulls in around $300 a
month it's very rewarding for me
personally I love helping people and
this this probably couldn't have
happened at a better time why do you say
that because I'm getting paid this is
kind of the one thing that I can say I
earned it I can say I did what I needed
to do for us and utilize a lot of
Medicaid Services oh of - let's read it
absolutely and I think one of the
biggest freedoms for me is then having
Medicaid cover access because I love my
mom and everything but I also love
getting out on the weekends going places
doing things that I want to do the
turgid life will change drastically if a
republican health care bill goes through
the GOP is proposing per-capita caps on
Medicaid spending which over time will
dramatically reduce the amount of money
states have to fund the program I could
lead to things like in home care
services being cut
Nancy Murray the director of a nonprofit
advocating for people with disabilities
is helping Sergey find a home of his own
the kinds of services that Sergey guests
are cost prohibitive you know you could
even be of an upper upper middle class
and couldn't afford those services if
Sergey did not have a Medicaid Waiver to
receive those services in his home
Sergei would be in an institution and
then there's no independence in an
institution there that's Sergei the fear
of Sergey returning to an institution is
palpable because his mom DJ adopted him
from a Russian children's home when he
was just five years old how far back do
I need to keep those DJ has fought to
keep Sergey out of nursing homes she
works full-time as an HIV clinic at the
University of Pittsburgh where her
private health insurance covered all of
her medical bills
Sergey is too old to be covered under
her plan and his medical bills are too
expensive without Medicaid Sergey and I
would not be able to live independently
we would not be able I wouldn't be able
to work because I'd have to be at home
taking care of him
Medicaid has truly been that safety net
for us that has allowed us to fill that
gap between what other people may not
need and what we need to not be in a
nursing home do you think that not just
the general public but the politicians
crafting these bills have an actual true
understanding of how it'll impact
people's lives like yourself I think
they think that people on Medicaid are
loafers and you all have met Sergey and
there's not any bit of him that is lazy
so Oh
he works harder than anybody I know if
they take away this they take away our
freedom they take away everything that
makes us just as normal as everybody
else
you
