tonight the travel ban is back
there's no immigration legal definition
for what a bona fide relationship is the
caliphate begins to crumble and the
chemical killing bees more than two
years after it ended combat operations
in Afghanistan NATO announced plans to
deploy a few thousand more troops in the
country and declined to give a timeline
for what it says is a training and
support mission we're in it for the long
hold it's a democracy that's asked for
our help
there are already more than 15,000 NATO
soldiers in the country to train and
advise the Afghan military most of those
NATO troops are American Australian
Cardinal George Pell the Vatican's
treasurer is denying the sexual assault
charges against him there's been
relentless character assassination I'm
innocent of these charges they are false
the 76 year old is taking leave from the
Vatican to fight the allegations which
resulted from a two-year investigation
in his native Australia the State
Department approved its first arms sale
to Taiwan under the trump administration
and it exceeds a billion dollars
President Obama also made a few big arms
sales to the island but this one comes
at a time when the Trump administration
is trying to work more closely with
Beijing which reject the idea of
Taiwanese sovereignty
Attorney General Jeff Sessions move to
ease concerns that the Trump
administration won't protect minority
groups as vigorously as the Obama
administration did we will continue to
protect the civil rights of all
Americans and we will not tolerate the
targeting of the any community in our
country in a report released today the
Justice Department said that while
roughly 250,000 hate crimes occurred
between 2004 and 2015 more than half of
them were never reported the House
passed to immigration bills today
sending them to the Senate and advancing
president Trump's immigration agenda one
of the measures seeks harsher penalties
for people who repeatedly enter the US
illegally the other would allow
Washington to withhold certain funding
from so-called sanctuary cities they are
lies trying to convince American
citizens that immigrants are not part of
this country there lies trying to
convince American citizens that these
bills will make us better it will only
make us worse
it's been three years since Isis
declared a Caliphate and Iraqi forces
have fought a grueling battle to take
back its territory ever since in the
last few months that fight is centered
on the city of Mosul where Isis
maintains its last stronghold in the
country but today a ROPS Prime Minister
announced a huge victory and said that
the Caliphate is dead after the Iraqi
military recaptured the AL Nuri mosque
the symbolically important site in the
heart of the city Ben Anderson is in
West Mosul where he's been following the
Iraqi Army's painstaking attempt to cut
a line between two of Isis's last
remaining positions one of them is a
hospital which gives Isis snipers a huge
military advantage the other is the old
city where most of the remaining Isis
fighters are hiding among civilians and
making a brutal last stand this is the
Iraqi army 9th armored division
they're trying to push through our super
district all the way to the Tigris River
slicing the remaining isis-controlled
territory into
are there is it not just at night one
deserve an album or shopping the thing
is they are boy suicide bomba soldiers
are clearing one building at a time but
the streets in between remain exposed to
well-trained and determined icy snipers
by clearing a line through the middle of
Isis territory exposed from both sides
and spend as much time as possible
behind walls man nice nice
a small unit of soldiers tries to push
forward but with a minute
and Isis Piper claims yet another victim
they calling strikes from the air and
ground time if I build my very nearby
and the animal scene mosque just next to
the river which marks their final
objective
the snipers somehow avoid the non-stop
barrage of strikes constantly
reappearing attacking again for other
well concealed firing positions the
soldiers having leaned forward and so
long about two rounds the snipers are
still able to work still getting very
accurate shots from our soldiers here
and here for the cabin an oil tanker
caught fire around front of us civilians
flee whenever they can also crossing
streets that are open to the ISIS
snipers the fighting never stops
but the 9th division needs the push
board and edge their way closer to the
river that divides the city they send
out coordinates from war strikes on the
buildings they are running towards they
run into recently struck houses knowing
if Isis fighters could still be inside
or watching close by as soon as they
make their way forward they're told that
a suicide bomber walking towards them
from just a few houses away
oh yeah really wonderful get these lads
the suicide bomber escaped after eight
days of near constant air strikes and
ground fighting the Iraqi army was able
to enter the last few buildings just
yards away from the river
the ninth division has finally liberated
al Ahmar more seen musk and now control
the sliver of land between Isis's most
important remaining strongholds so there
was a church or mosque slowed by
fighting Mario har that John mental
health Genesis or couldn't intervene it
yeah an amide Nevada blister in the jaw
- so jello is Kenichi ojala bolus dance
nice fella - Oh Papa John over at our
jello jarnia the moral chargeable erotic
inaudible hot add the onion ID on it
because soon at the end of emily is full
as an idea
this was the last building before the
river gonna be nailed as fire shot
Marilla I did an additional bottle so
tactically what does that mean now
you've managed to separate the hospital
community hot Air's McCollum got my
little mustache bottom set that is
Arthur Helen I said general hallenby
Holohan Blundell han says I'm off a July
though Irishman wife a gentle giant
forgot this is a tiger so vegetation as
the Iraqi flag in front of us another
Iraqi fact yes so they've they made it
they pushed all like the river and
separated the hospitals when the old
city which means however many fighters
left in the hospital are now cut off and
completely surrounded and next step is
for other branches of the Iraqi security
forces to try and divide the old city
into force and more pieces and just
pushes however many Isis fighters left
in too small as moral parcels until
until they're gone
this took color seven or eight days and
that time they probably cleared 1015
buildings so it's taking much longer
than one thought it's much higher than
walking very slowly there are they're
taking muscle
at 8 p.m. tonight travel bans 2.0
officially goes into effect and this
time around there probably won't be
seeing of chaos and family separated
because unlike the first travel ban
announcement this one didn't come out of
thin air 72 hours ago the Supreme Court
allowed or revised version of the van to
go into effect as they wait until the
fall to hear the constitutional
arguments around the president's order
but in the meantime there are exceptions
any person from the six targeted
countries with a credible claim of a
bona fide relationship with a person or
entity in the US can come in the problem
is there's no standard legal definition
of a bona fide relationship vague
language from the Supreme Court means
that the Trump administration State
Department gets to fill in the blank and
overnight they did according to the
State Department a bona fide
relationship is essentially a
parent-child spouse sibling and daughter
or son-in-law lawyers say they'll be
stationed here at JFK because they're
expressing confusion around what the
term really means there's no definition
there's no immigration legal definition
for what a bona fide relationship is
there are other terms that qualify
relationships and immigration law that
are defined bona fide relationship is
not one of them it was left to the
discretion of the administration to
implement the administration's that on a
briefing call today that they basically
cribs the definition of family from the
Immigration and Nationality Act and
added mothers and fathers in law you
know the court told them to but for the
community is actually affected by the
ban
the prospect of having to defend certain
family relationship is sound my
defensive I am staring an American so to
us you know family is more than just
your nuclear family it creates a lot of
confusion to try to explain what does
that mean so there's a little bit of a
cultural discrepancy there between how
the State Department has defined
families and what they actually mean in
various cultures that this is going to
impact yes definitely
I think it's dangerous when a government
is trying to redefine what family means
president moon jae-in of South Korea
arrived in Washington today in this
evening he began two days of meetings at
the White House at the top of the agenda
is figuring out how to stop North
Korea's nuclear program neither country
currently has a proven strategy but even
if they can agree on a way forward an
even more daunting step may lie ahead
direct negotiations with the North
Koreans themselves ambassador Mitchell
Reese learned just how hard that can be
when he served as lead negotiator with
Pyongyang during the Clinton
administration the key difference is the
vast cultural gulf the isolation is
significant what that means in terms of
day-to-day negotiating is that you have
to proceed through three different sets
of traps the first is you have to make
sure that you share the same concept do
they have the same concept of nuclear
weapons as you do what's the words that
you use are the words similar and that's
where you then get down to the final
level they often ascribe different
meanings to the same and so you go from
concept to word to meaning that takes an
awfully long time so you've got to
prepare yourself to go forward in a very
methodical way
you can't make assumptions that there's
similar cultural touchstones and
reference points they're extremely
sensitive about any references to their
leadership often in these negotiations
there was a number of the security force
watching what they said watching how
they behaved and reporting back to the
Capitol they don't always have the
flexibility of the freedom to say or act
the way one would assume so how would I
sum up diplomatic history between the
United States and the North Koreans
there were hopes sometimes punctuated by
limited success that we could actually
find a diplomatic pathway forward
nothing in the past 50 years is really
justified the continuation of that whole
we have to look towards other options
such as denying them the technology and
the money that they need to build these
programs and making sure the deterrence
remains strong because the North Koreans
are committed to developing nuclear
weapons to protect their issues the
current leaders grandfather started the
program his father accelerated it's
inconceivable to me that there's any
prize any rewards that we could offer
that will persuade him to abandon the
course that the country has been on for
more than half a century
for years scientists have been sounding
the alarm over the use of neonicotinoids
commonly called neo Nick's a major class
of insecticides that they say have been
contributing to the decline of the bee
population they're the most widely used
type of insecticide in the world
scientists concern about these chemicals
have been growing but researchers
haven't been able to demonstrate that
harm on a large-scale basis outside of
the lab until now today scientists
publish results from the largest and
most realistic experiments ever
conducted on how new and expect bees you
know those animals that are directly and
indirectly responsible for pollinating
one third of the food humans eat one of
the studies was conducted in Europe and
the other in Canada
I talked to Dave Golson a bee specialist
who didn't work on either of the studies
about why they matter the media pains to
be I saw the biggest field trial once a
five it tells us what happens in the
real world basically and the answer is
that these chemicals are certainly basic
bumblebees solitary bees and the
evidence is pretty strong that there are
four honeybees the new Canadian study
looks at how much of these pesticides
free-flying honeybees are exposed to and
find that these days earlier in light
and the queens were more likely to die
in the past pesticide companies brushed
off scientific results showing the
negative effects of munich they would
say the studies were either too small or
unrealistic but this time two of the
biggest manufacturers of eunuchs magenta
and bear actually funded the European
study according to one of the
researchers behind that study Berenson
Genda did this because they want to see
how a rigorous large field study would
stack up against previous findings but
that moves backfired
these studies found the same as previous
ones that Munich's do harm bees
though both Lee says the results may not
ultimately matter to them in the long
run I imagine they have a well planned
tactical retreat and that they have
another chemical up their sleeve ready
to roll light immediately when minutes
are finally done ingenta didn't respond
to a request for comments when we asked
bear about the studies they said it's
worth noting that both US and Canadian
regulators recently found the risks of
these pesticides are low given the Trump
administration skeptical approach to
environmental regulations it's likely
that Munich's will stick around in the
US for a while longer this is three to
seven I'm going in agent 3 to 7 is based
on a Dutch comic about a secret agent
just a trim please foreign agent time
comes
it was Canadian through an open-source
software called blender and directed by
Colin Levy he quit Pixar to work on it
and nobody quits fix our levy learned
through the animation by playing with
blender is
blender was a free and open-source tool
that I could just download for free and
just play around with it was incredibly
difficult to pick up and I deleted it
within two days of you know trying to
make it a queue
big studios keep their software secret
but Tom Roosendaal blenders founders
made his 3d animation software available
to the masses almost 20 years ago dog
station 3d program would easily consider
60,000 euros ridiculous and the computer
would also call 60,000 I thought I'm
going to try to do something with
blender food online see what happens and
suddenly I had a community on the
website and forums and if you hide out
in 99 you were hit and call Rosenthal's
online forum developed into the blender
cloud the software's learning hub it
gives you there's a step-by-step look at
how animated films are made and how to
make their own the whole clothes has
normal files are open and that's perfect
for open source developers shadow always
gets it in the back rooms called egg
hangs levy turned his hobby into a
career with blender his big break came
on blenders third open movie project
Syntel and that landed him a job at
Pixar
I used Intel as my real essentially to
apply to the layout department at Pixar
and I got a job there Levy left Pixar
after nearly five years with credits on
inside out and finding Dory under his
belt and he got into the director's
chair socket blender it feels really
weird to quit your dream job I wanted to
spread my wings a little bit and and
figure out how to direct but Pixar is a
huge studio you know if they got 1,200
employees blender has ten
the teaser for agent 327 was funded by
the blender community but the studio
needs bigger investors to make the
feature film which comes with a 15
million dollar price tag pretty
routinely it picks our huge sections of
the movie are just thrown thrown out I
was so impressed with how crappy those
movies start and how amazing they
typically end up on agent features have
been the short even though it's very
simple there's not a huge amount of
story there there were some aspects of
it that were kind of broken and we were
able to kind of make the pieces come
together a little bit better and I think
that some of those lessons are my
confidence in applying that sort of
force that that pressure in the process
came from my Pixar experience for sure
that's vice news tonight for Thursday
June 29th tuning tomorrow night for the
award-winning documentary series vice
just along here it's immediately obvious
overworked public defenders are in a
perfect world it would be best if you
know I had enough time to meet with each
of them unfortunately almost have to
pick and choose there's been a handful
of times that I went to court and the
public defender not even show up at all
we've talked to you more than we talked
to our lawyers in a year
