tonight the right relaunches on
immigration turkey's tallest dissident
head one is using his call debut
students and local news stations
outsourcing the news Homeland Security
Secretary John Kelly announced today
that all airlines flying to the US will
have to enforce stricter security
measures but so far officials are
keeping exact details under wraps these
measures will be both seen and unseen
and they will be phased in over time the
new rules appear to be a way around
expanding the laptop ban that currently
applies to flights out of ten airports
in the Middle East in Africa
anti-government protests continued today
in Venezuela amid confusions over an
alleged terror incident at the Supreme
Court Tuesday evening the government
says the police officer and sometime
actor Oscar Perez along with two other
people stole a helicopter and fired
shots and threw grenades at the court
building no injuries were reported
opponents accused President Nicolas
Maduro of orchestrating the attack to
justify further crackdowns against his
political opponents three activists who
are investigating labor conditions in
Chinese factories that produce shoes for
Ivanka Trump's fashion brand and other
companies have been released from police
detention on bail the three men were
working as undercover investigators for
the new york-based
organization China labor watch which
accused the factories owner of
violations including low pay forced
overtime and verbal abuse the factory
denies allegations of wrongdoing and
Trump's company said it hadn't used the
supplier since March British prime
minister Theresa May announced that a
hundred and twenty housing tower blocks
of failed safety tests following the
deadly fire at Grande felt our
the June 14th fire in London killed at
least 80 people in cladding with a
combustible coal such as polyethylene
legal for use on high-rise buildings and
was the cladding of rental Tower legal a
man rammed his car into a Ten
Commandment statue outside the Arkansas
State Capitol this morning and broadcast
the act on Facebook live the statue was
installed yesterday and had been
standing fewer than 24 hours the 32 year
old driver Michael Tate Reid said he
believes that statues like this one
breached the separation of church and
state the I do support is the violation
of our constitutional right to have the
freedom security does and this isn't the
first time Reid is destroyed a statue in
2014 he drove into a Ten Commandment
statue outside of the Oklahoma Capitol
at the White House today and president
Trump held a meeting with a very
specific set of Americans people who say
they're the victim of crimes by
undocumented immigrants nobody died in
vain I can tell you the photo op was
part of a larger push to revive the
president's promise to crack down on
illegal immigration on Capitol Hill the
house is working on a new sanctuary City
bill that would penalize states and
cities that ignore federal immigration
laws and members are also due to vote
this week on a measure that would
toughen the punishment for repeat border
crossers but the hardliners in Trump's
anti-immigration base won even more and
they're losing their patience as far as
immigration goes Donald Trump is one of
the most conservative presidents in
recent memory and his administration has
already taken some major steps to rein
it in like changing the priorities for
immigration officers before trumpet they
targeted only those who had committed
the most serious crimes after Trump
theirs officially no hierarchy anymore
that means any undocumented immigrant
who's committed any infraction is fair
game for deportation and today at the
White House Immigration and Customs
Enforcement how didhow immigration and
border crossings have gone down and
that's a good thing and we should be
celebrating it
you'd think that would be enough but
some of the conservative movement
staunchest opponents of illegal
immigration still aren't satisfied they
gathered here in Washington this week to
keep up the pressure on an
administration they say has let them
down on some major priorities this is a
radio event called hold their feet to
the fire an annual gathering of
conservative talk radio hosts organized
by the anti-immigration group Federation
for American immigration reform
Robert law is Fairs director of
government relations he's angry that
under the Trump administration certain
undocumented immigrants are still
allowed to apply for daca and Obama era
executive order that protects some
immigrants from deportation well it's
not acceptable from Ferriss perspective
is giving these benefits to new illegal
aliens
didn't have them before he was elected
and his failure to do that is a betrayal
the straight-up betrayal of his campaign
from this one of the things that you
mentioned is the use of the bully pulpit
and even on that he said that he is
falling a little bit short what's going
on there the messaging out of the White
House has been a disaster quite frankly
because they were very clear on the
campaign trail and now that they're
actually in office they're all over the
map and say one thing one day and
another thing the next and it seems like
that lack of clarity from the White
House is giving congressional leadership
sort of the leverage they need to
advance their own agenda what Robert and
others who agree with him want to see
from Congress are more sweeping
immigration bills so these smaller bills
being debated on the hills don't really
cut it it's a baby step the two bills
are very narrow I mean they're fine and
you know there's aspects of them that we
that we support but the strategy
completely misses the mark Senate
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell
announced yesterday that he doesn't have
the votes to pass his obamacare
replacement bill legislation of this
complexity almost always takes longer
than anybody else would hope the
majority leader now says he wants a new
deal by Friday but it's his own party
that can't agree on a way forward a big
part of the problem is that the bill
would remake a program at the center of
the American health care system
on November 19 to 1945 just two months
after the end of World War two President
Harry Truman sent a message to Congress
proposing that the nation tackle a new
challenge Americans didn't have equal
access to health care he said and never
would quote unless government is bold
enough to do something about it the time
had come he said for universal national
health insurance
Truman's plan was denigrated as
socialized medicine and it failed but
not permanently well today mr. president
and my fellow Americans we're taking
such action 20 years later in July of
1965 President Lyndon Johnson went to
Harry Truman's home town of Independence
Missouri to present a major victory the
law creating Medicare and Medicaid
Medicare was true national health
insurance for seniors Medicaid was a bit
different designed to cover the poor it
would be run by individual states as
they saw fit as long as it covered
certain low-income and vulnerable groups
and certain kinds of health care states
would kick in a percentage of funding
for the program and the federal
government would fund the rest as much
as it took to cover everyone eligible
Medicaid's became a core part of the
American safety net and therefore a
favorite target of small government
conservatives even so when President
Obama made the next radical change to
health care in 2009 he brought into
Medicaid role in an effort to help cover
all Americans the Affordable Care Act
gave States the choice to expand
Medicaid to adults with incomes up to
133 percent of the federal poverty level
and had the federal government put the
bill 31 States in the District of
Columbia opted for the expansion which
was a big reason the Affordable Care Act
made major strides in coverage Medicaid
now covered seventy two and a half
million Americans including more than
the third of all children in the US what
conservatives never stopped believing
that health care was better left to the
free market and the election of
President Trump after years of sour
public opinion about Obamacare seemed to
be the perfect opportunity to rollback
Medicaid the Senate health care bill
goes after the program on two fronts it
would phase out Obama cares Medicaid
expansion by 2024 but it would also
fundamentally change the program itself
putting new per capita caps on Medicaid
funding in the long run that would
dramatically cut the amount of money the
government spends on the program it's
one of the main reasons the
Congressional Budget Office estimated
this week the bill could cost twenty two
million people their coverage and why
Republican moderates have been unwilling
to back the proposal because for all of
the decades of criticism about so-called
socialized medicine there's one
unchanging fact about Medicaid it works
last summer a failed military coup in
Turkey left at least 249 people dead in
the months since the country's president
ray Chester DeLong has tried to silence
its opposition largely by putting them
in jail
over the past year the Turkish
government has detained more than a
hundred thousand people air diwan's
government has accused many of these
prisoners of being followers of
religious leader patella Gulen the man
he blames for organizing the coup in
Turkey
the crackdown is spread rampant fear
among air diwan's critics but in the
United States it's inspired one follower
of Gulen to become a new and unlikely
voice of dissent over food
are you going to be against your money
you can be jammed up your duty isn't
weird to play as yourself I'm gonna pick
my scope or you don't think you don't
put yourself in the game pom-pom go to
what you can sell yourself in whenever
you want over I won't judge you
any Kenner is 25 years old and 6 feet 11
inches tall are you kidding me at least
you can hit 3 is right he plays in the
NBA when he's earned a reputation for
introducing players to the law food
starring and goofy videos with teammates
removing and speaking out against
Turkey's president airline he's a
terrible man
absolutely thank you Cantor and I
ordered dinner to my apartment extent
today fasting for Ramadan let's see I
got a large shish kebab okay I got a
chicken mixed grill
and I got a large vegetable platter with
I'm gonna stop garnish where's yours
Keith Erin similar to Cantor is a
longtime follower of Gulen the 76 year
old preacher an outspoken critic of
turkeys president for the past few
decades Gulen has lived in exile in
rural Pennsylvania but that hasn't
stopped everyone from labeling him and
his followers terrorists everyone is
using its pot with abuse people and
that's what's really making me nodrama
crazy you
do nothing wrong he's always right he's
always perfect if you don't believe in
that then he wants you to be out of the
country or he will put you in jail and
if you've been talking about Cantor's
want to Turk these most famous athletes
so his political views which she often
shares on social media have enormous
reach and his opinions haven't gone
unnoticed by air diwan's regime to
Colorado last month the Turkish
government abruptly canceled Cantor's
passport leading to confusing few hours
in Bucharest Romania where he was
stranded at the airport
Oh cheap people cigars
was just crated for us eventually he was
allowed to fly to New York
we're heading to our longer Roebuck to
monitor that but a few days later
Turkish media reported that Turkey had
issued a warrant for Cantor's arrest
accusing him of being a member of a
terror group what do you think would
have happened if your assembled into
jails and probably the second day you'll
be shipped from the news and always just
got poison and he just said he got food
poison or he was depression he hanged
himself I don't know I'm just doing
examples because what I told he goes
every two weeks after Turkey canceled
Cantor's travel documents it jailed his
father for almost a week even though his
parents have publicly disowned him
Cantor hasn't spoken to them in more
than a year a letter authors say we dis
own and it because he's not against our
door if they didn't send that letter out
then they will be in a jail last year
right when I saw that your parents had
put that statement out my first thought
was bananas grew up going to a glue
industry yes I didn't in second grade I
didn't understand what kind of schools
it was do you think that your father was
arrested because you were speaking out
of course it was look at how to look a
warning
for me though if you don't stop talking
we'll put your dad in jail and your mom
will be next
Daisy I'm going to stop talking but no
when they do it I wanna talk more just
have all these people like this is
what's really going on
do you worry that next time it won't
just be jail I mean I mean the worst
thing it will happen you just you know
to jail or just now they want to torture
in jail they're gonna just get raped and
that's the most terrible thing will
happen
I understand my family of course
important to love my family I love my
country but I had to do this 1406 and
people kenderson to seventy million
dollar four-year contract with the
Oklahoma City Thunder in 2015 his public
battle with the Turkish government could
make it harder for him to honor some of
his obligations so what happens next
with you you don't have a Turkish
Passport
you have a green card here right well
I'm is the NBA helping you or the Lumbee
and I'm not going to talk to them
because I mean we want to play again
Toronto Raptors in Canada so I need to
be able to leave the country he thought
about the fact that you might never be
able to go back to Turkey
best to record I'm taking pester is
competition and of course the although I
said before I love my country llamas
like I miss my you know Turkish food but
this is way bigger than basketball this
is way bigger than NBA this is way
bigger than
Americans trust in the news media is at
an all-time low but given the choices
they're offered local news is often the
source people trust the most now there's
an app called fresco that could
complicate that local news stations
around the country are using it to
outsource the gathering of news footage
to anyone with a smartphone le rêve
went to Alaska to see how it works here
made seven six five
the Anchorage Police Department are
looking for a witness to a shooting this
footage was captured by one of our
fresco team members who was on the scene
today this footage would have normally
come from a professional journalist
instead Oh shot by a retiree with her
phone Roscoe is like uber for journalism
a newsroom puts out a request for
coverage of a story and people in the
area accept and take a video of it they
get their credit on the television
screen or in the newspaper it was
created by John Meyer who developed one
of the first flashlight apps for the
iPhone the community reporters read the
voice-over and the anchor reads it as
viewers see b-roll captured by fresco
users a home in pennilyn Park received a
fresh coat this weekend
fresco says it's being used by 13 news
stations across the country and
expanding to 38 local newspapers it's
especially appealing to Katie dy which
covers the entire state of Alaska where
the weather is happening weather
I'll tell you what Elliot weather is
what people watch the news for right
especially in Alaska KTV why has been
hailed as the first station fully
powered by fresco so what does it mean
that your station is fully powered by
fresco that was something that fresco
came up with because we're not fully
powered by fresco my opinion I think I
really believe that eventually that's
where all news is going it kind of makes
me think of the Steve Martin joke so
it's like sure 72 virgins sounds nice
but after five or six you're going to
want to pro I don't people want you know
professionals to give them the news the
context journalists still write the
story see as far as the visual aspect
the viewing public doesn't need a pro
they don't care about a pro what is a
pro if you ask the general public
they don't know they just see something
that's pleasing to them right now the
fresco event that have been popping up
are just like national cat day and stuff
like taht they want footage of most
around town Holly Andrews is an
esthetician in Wasilla
she said she's made more than $1500 dude
fresco on the side
fresco paid users forty dollars per
story this stands in contrast to the
hundreds sometimes thousands of dollars
of freelance video journalists would
cost I went to some fight grace advance
it was just me in the news crews and
then all the people Vikings that was
kinda awkward I didn't feel so
comfortable tough I'm not a professional
I felt like if somebody came and tried
to do lashes that had never been to
school or never been trained I would be
like what are you doing why are you here
doing my job
some of the stuff hard to just fit for a
minute and kind of record do you ever
feel nervous trying to interview a
politician yeah there was one time where
they were like we want you to go into
his office and ask all these like
serious questions about the state I
wasn't sure I wanted to go into an
office and grow a politician that seemed
a little bit on the more serious side
Scott Sanders came to the station seven
years ago and says he brought it into
the digital age he led the partnership
with fresco using fresco we were able to
cut cost and so what was once a three
thousand dollar average cost now comes
down to less than 250 dollars have you
laid people off because you're able to
use fresco absolutely not absolutely not
moving forward there's no requirement
for the same amount of people that we
had previously he just won't rehire some
people who are correct correct that's a
purchase and does just go play into that
absolutely
this is from the Oso landslide 42 or 43
people were killed there's no room for
screwing that up I mean it's too
sensitive of a story it's just too heavy
Caroline Hall worked for years as a
photojournalist in TV news including at
two stations in Anchorage a lot of the
people we talked to have said well pitch
florence is getting us b-roll we do
voiceover over it we're doing the real
reporting they're just getting us
something to put on the screen how can
they do the real reporting if they're
not on scene they don't know how chaotic
or not chaotic a scene is I mean there
is so much flavor that is missed when
someone who is reporting from the studio
fresco CEO John Mayer rejected the idea
that the app would hurt the quality of
journalism he told vice news that fresco
videos are vetted and that reporting is
done in the newsroom close to half of US
adults turned a local TV as their
primary news source even for national
news like presidential elections in
America has determined it's 46% of 45th
President of the United States of
America in Donald Trump and while
current revenue is declining TV revenue
is holding steady in 2014
local newspaper staffs declined by 10
percent while local TV stops grew by one
percent do you lose anything from not
sending out a professional
photojournalist
do I lose anything for us finding out
send in a professional journalist
I absolutely feel strongly that we have
gained a whole nother resource so you
know this time no I don't
it's bad to think that in the future we
could have an even less informed society
the future of journalism
really
it's too important to screw around with
I think
that's vice news tonight for Wednesday
June 28th
you
