well last night
these are the Philippines special forces
on the hunt for Isis move into the
positions been severely challenged more
accustomed to jungle fighting than urban
warfare battling in these tight
alleyways is proving harder than
expected
it's building some previously occupied
by the dervishes are they still here
also shooting at us where that is yeah
over there no close the door McGee these
places are turning this bombed out
school into a sniper outpost and
preparing to attack you have one
position there picking fire
can you see the enemy side this could be
somewhere
they have to leave this area you just
shot fired so we expect counters counter
at the pass
with the enemy now firing back the unit
is taking cover in this classroom until
the escape route is clear actor school
just a minute so now on discoveries
this is the toughest war are you bidding
why they met they're not running this is
Meroe for weeks the Philippines military
assisted by US Special Forces has been
pounding the city with airstrikes and
battling after help an effort to root
out this man is Neil unhappy lon
the leader of homegrown terror group Abu
Sayyaf they pledged allegiance to Isis
in 2014
Philippine authorities say happy lon
along with another isis-linked militant
group called mount a were planning to
establish Southeast Asia's first Islamic
state Caliphate here in merawi a
predominantly Muslim city in a country
that's more than 90 percent Christian
with an extensive network of hundreds of
fighters both local and foreign these
militants have mastered the terrain and
stashed away a seemingly endless supply
of weapons
we're heading right into murari city
right now towards the heart of the
battle
you hear this continuing barrage of as
tracks
the only functioning building in this
part of town is the tactical command
post of one marine battalion the main
Forward Operating Base for the Armed
Forces major Roman Remus is one of the
commanding officers who's been stationed
here since the fighting began fighting
can you just show us where the enemy is
the British before this when defended so
Dean please car bombs roadblocks and the
employed sniper fires so this city is
essentially divided by this river so the
enemy is contained within this area on
the other side now the target of our
maneuvering elements is to neutralize
those vantage positions through our
mortar
just hours after we left the space these
Marines were ambushed during an
operation 13 were killed and at least 40
wounded in what was the bloodiest day
for the Armed Forces since the battle
began but it's not just militants inside
the city there are also hundreds of
civilians we managed to get the number
of one man who's trapped in the heart of
the siege do you have a plan to escape
are you safe right now
for the people trapped inside Marui the
army is not moving fast enough and the
situation is becoming more desperate by
the day Colonel Jawahar era is the
spokesperson for Joint Task Force morale
despite the military's many setbacks
he's keen to show us that the Armed
Forces have retrieved around 120
high-powered weapons from the enemy I
mean obviously the insurgents were
pretty well-equipped how well equipped
your troops
well our armed forces are well educated
highly trained we are very capable to
address their recently so obviously
there's also a lot of criticisms towards
the Armed Forces suggesting that you're
not well equipped and that you're not
doing a great job quite frankly actually
about these mutants well I think that
that's their opinion okay how long do
you think it's gonna be well we don't
want to give timeline because we we need
to put premium on the lives of the
people that were trapped in that
conflict area right obviously time is
running out for them I mean stuff yes
we're doing our best
now as the military ramps up pressure on
the remaining terrorist strongholds a
humanitarian crisis looms and concerns
the morale is only the beginning of an
increasingly violent Isis presence a
rapidly spreading throughout the region
you
