today in Brussels the European
Commission slapped Google with a 2.7
billion dollar fine
it's the largest antitrust penalty ever
leveled at a single company and it's
meant to put the tech giant on notice
for using its near monopoly on search to
promote its own online shopping service
in Europe in 2013 US antitrust
prosecutors tried to stop Google from
employing the exact same practice in
America but Google exhausted them in
court and the prosecutors eventually
gave up but they didn't have Margaret
Avesta Gert
the --use Competition Commissioner and
resident Dragonslayer last year vest
augur founded Apple ode Ireland fourteen
point five billion dollars in unpaid
taxes tried to get them to pay up and
landed herself in a huge scrap and now
she's done it again today Vesta Gergely
vice news exclusive access as she
prepared for her latest battle how he
failed on the day like today leather
nerves on a scale of one to ten three to
four well I'm a little nervous not you
know sort of chat hot jumping out of the
chest nervous but I can feel it Marg
rated best day er is a giant killer and
this morning she's off to possibly her
biggest scalp yet Google just give me a
sense of the preparation has gone into
this announcement then well in this case
it has taken since for real things
autumn 2014 former Deputy Prime Minister
Denmark s day comes from a dead center
old European politics economic in
socially liberal and convinced that
politicians should make globalization
work for everybody is all just because
you're Danish no I'm talking about go
fix it because a dame has got a
particular view about how we need to
stick by the rules and I think it's part
of it because I come from a society
where when we're starting at
inequalities about the same as in the
u.s. then we tax and redistribute so we
end up being one of the most equal
countries in the world and that of
course is a political culture that I
also bring here
not the values of the winner-takes-all
Internet as exposed today Google
sneakers and the first thing the world's
big the search engine will show you is a
results from its own comparison shopping
service on average rival price
comparison sites don't beat until page
all what Google has done is illegal
under EU antitrust rules
it has denied other companies the chance
to compete on the marriage and to
innovate and most importantly it has
denied European consumers the benefits
of competition the risk for dubois these
other services maps restaurants flight
bookings will also be subject to an
investigation the company is considering
their pill but then birthdays never been
shy of a fight it's a fox finger you met
the Google executives in this room ah
yes and that was not only for them
because it's always here google has
silences as economists and consultants
and lawyers do you think they didn't
know they were doing wrong or do you
think they did know but they carried on
anyway well we can see that there was
change in strategy we can see what they
did we can see the result of what they
did which is also why I don't guess
about their motives because we find now
we have proved of what they did and
therefore the potential consumer harm
here's the question actually wants to
ask you a day every time you do one of
these things orbits against Apple or an
Ireland or against Google there's a huge
fuss and it's already a fast building
with letters going back and forth from
Washington about this latest ruling and
there's huge mint flack directed you
personally over that why do you do it
for me there's no distinction between
what I do in my working life and what I
believe in and for me it makes a
difference because if you feel that
when I'm in the marketplace I'm not
being cheated at they haven't decide the
prices in the back office they have not
divided the market between them if I
feel in control in the market then maybe
I also feel more comfortable in my
society as such and that I think is
needed
