every day is kind of a little different
I usually get up anywhere between 5:30
and 6:30 on the days that I have work I
drop my daughter off and then I head off
to work and I and I work a full day on
the days that I go to school were there
the entire day we do a lot of times go
to a restaurant where there's Wi-Fi so
instead 46 year old Danielle Williams is
a lot like other busy single moms she
takes care of her daughter and their two
dogs all while working and going to
school except that each night she drives
back into Santa Barbara and goes to bed
here in a parking lot in her minivan
this is a Chrysler Town and Country my
seat actually will go forward and back
easy even with the space that I've given
myself that's not quite enough for my
knees if I want to like sit at the edge
of the bed to be able to then push
myself to the back because there's
there's a bed here this is a bed here oh
wow I didn't even notice
yeah so if you look in the back oh this
from this angle it makes much more sense
yes what about all this other stuff how
did you decide what to have in the car
are these just necessities so obviously
the dirty clothes hamper so we can keep
our dirty clothes and our clean clothes
separate this is my daughter's bag of
clothes it's about two weeks worth of
clothes that we keep the rest is in
storage we have a seven by ten and it's
pretty much full you know we had a life
before this Danielle downsized from an
apartment to car five years ago after
she was laid off from her full-time job
in accounting she tried to look for
other full-time work but realized there
isn't much of a market for someone in
their 40s without a college degree
I just couldn't pay the rent anymore we
just ended up sleeping in the car
thinking it was only gonna be temporary
during a good month she's only able to
make about $2,000 working temp jobs
which doesn't leave much wiggle room she
pays 370 dollars a month to lease her
car 93 for insurance 150 for gas 225 for
two phones 117 for storage 50 to shower
at the YMCA and about $900 in food since
she and her daughter have to eat out it
usually ends up that we maybe have about
a hundred dollars left over do you
consider yourself homeless I do consider
myself homeless the world considers me
homeless when you think about homeless
people you think about somebody who's
maybe on drugs who is an alcoholic you
know has a lot of mental health issues
or is lazy the rest of them are people
like me where they're actually working
going to school trying to get out of the
life that they're in and just can't have
you considered living in a shelter we
did one night at the rescue mission that
was terrifying for my daughter and I
just felt like I would rather sleep in
my car because I feel safe in my car
then sleep in one of these places I
don't have any other option
living in a city where sleeping in your
car is technically illegal isn't exactly
comfortable either it means having to
park in dark places with few people
which can be dangerous and risking being
hassled by the police which can be
costly
that's why Danielle landed at a
designated safe parking lot it's one of
23 across the city that are open
overnight and equipped with
porta-potties and lot monitors the
program which was started in 2004 was
the first of its kind so you have empty
parking lots which at night go
unutilized
and you take them and you turn them into
a shelter for people who are living in
their vehicles Kristine Schwartz runs
new beginnings the nonprofit that
oversees the safe parking program in
Santa Barbara she manages to caseworkers
who help people living in their car
apply for housing we've had doctors
we've had professors we've had nurses
engineers people who are gainfully
employed who have a situation where they
have a number of setbacks it's unclear
how many people live in their cars by
necessity because the government doesn't
track vehicular homelessness Christine
estimates that in Santa Barbara they
make up more than 1/3 of the homeless
population how large is the program
right now the safe parking program now
has grown to 134 spaces in 23 lots in
the city of Santa Barbara the city of
Goleta and in the unincorporated areas
in between is that enough we constantly
have a waiting list that can range
anywhere from about 30 to more than a
hundred people at any given time and we
never have enough lots there's a
shortage of affordable housing in every
single state in the country but it's
especially bad in California where the
most recent numbers show the gap is
almost twice as large as it is anywhere
else that's made Santa Barbara safe
parking program appealing to other
cities in the state like LA we're 16,000
people now live in their vehicles 32
percent more than just two years ago in
March LA opened the first the four lots
Mollie Reisman who worked for the county
helped oversee its implementation for
the private real estate industry
no profit in building housing for people
at the lowest end of the spectrum so the
only sector that can really do that is
the government and yet there's this very
strong pushback of like don't let
government do anything in real estate
and that tension has led us to where we
are today is it easy to find parking
lots that are willing to let you use
them no what has caused the reluctance
so there's a couple different things I
mean anytime you say we're gonna do
something to assist somebody
experiencing homelessness we do find
that there are community concerns
there's NIMBYism not in my backyard and
we have to work with the community to
help them overcome that there's always
concerns about liability if there's an
accident who's gonna get sued what does
it say about where we are that a program
likes a parking where instead of giving
someone an affordable place to live in
we're giving them a parking lot no I
mean it is not a great state of affairs
but we have so many people experiencing
homelessness that we're dramatically
trying to increase shelters but we can't
do it fast enough so safe parking is
this alternative a Lay's new safe
parking lots opened just in time for
Danielle who was recently accepted to
college there on a scholarship last
month she and her daughter drove down to
LA for orientation and got a permit for
a parking spot in North Hollywood I'm
hoping that you know maybe something
will happen and I will be able to get a
place to live here but I know that as
long as I'm in school I can't afford the
rent that's in any city here in
California
at any point have you questioned whether
you made the right decision to go to
school instead of working two jobs and
trying to make it work all the time I
need to find a solution that's gonna
make things better for us in the long
term
do I regret it sometimes sure you know
but at the same time I know this is the
right thing to do
you
