as the Iraqi forces inch closer to
retaking the city of Mosul from the
Islamic state one of the prizes in their
sights is Vanel new Reem on one of the
rocks oldest and most important
landmarks and the place where Isis
leader Abu Bakr al-baghdadi first
proclaimed the caliphate 2014 but as of
today the mosque is gone
the Iraqi army says Isis fighters blew
it up rather than see it captured Isis
blames an American airstrike it's
another ugly milestone in a grueling and
bloody fight for the city Ben Anderson
is in Mosel with Iraqi forces Carmela
Yolo his families have just escaped Isis
the marquee soldiers slowly clear
building desperate civilians take their
chances and run towards them over eight
months they've lived under siege facing
constant shelling and air strikes in
their homes and the threat of murder by
Isis that they try to flee
hundreds have already been gunned down
as they tried to escape like a bard
officials did digital others go watch
they run from gunmen who are shooting
from houses just 50 meters away one man
spits on the rotting corpse of a
recently kill of Isis fighters these
civilians made it but minutes later
another man was shot and killed on the
same street given a given
every day hundreds of civilians to flee
revenge eating or something like a
hundred thousand are still trapped in
mosul whole city the last neighborhood
that Isis still controls so this is
essentially one of the last few
neighborhoods in West Mosul still
controlled by Isis will partly
controlled wife's body of an Isis
fighter there and but it's also partly
controlled by the Iraqi security forces
now and everything every car every house
every window every door is just
completely destroyed there's no going
out Isis have had month to fortify their
positions here many of them are
battle-hardened well-trained and both
unwilling and unable to surrender they
are fighting to the death
which makes progress against them
excruciating ly difficult it can take a
day to clear a single building in this
one house three Isis bodies are left to
rot and the fighting continues around
them you know how he was good but I
don't let the holy mad I said why
gentleman muscle well let's walk on
while and mush I didn't know Wow look to
be cunning high Walker here
Colonel Allen but but a knob 1000
telephone - I know what they are showing
Goodman I had to order it but it was yet
well had - Claire - angle she could have
it lasted on the rocks Armed Forces have
less than nine square kilometers left to
recapture lasting neighborhoods are
proving to be the most difficult the
battle was supposed to be over man
an estimated 50 Isis snipers are
fighting from Al jhamora hospital that's
one of the tallest buildings and most of
them and allow them to inflict many
casualties so how's it living rubinius
the Iraqi security forces take the
hospital Jonah is going on whether I let
my yard I should work together with all
of that happening so you think I've done
nothing in getting to know this Makoni
from the fish fishing - I thought I'll
be of near wine a lot of wine
god I think they've said that idea why
that's a bit down here major al Shamari
says the snipers have surrounded myself
with hundreds of civilians and have a
360 degree view of the city they have
snipers positioned all over their
territory and they've killed many
soldiers in a recently cleared school
Iraqi soldiers found a cache of weapons
Bible item in that area that it is the
husband the Sohma Jordan don't look but
look I thought it will show up and you
think they will try and surrender or
will they fight until they are their
kills and Cinetopia la Mar is that one
this is the 36th brigade of the 9th
Armored Division of the Iraqi army
they've been on the front line since
operations against Isis started in
October last year three days we spent
with this unit they alone seven soldiers
with these men are trained to fight in
tank have no choice but to fight on foot
taking one building out of time it's a
painfully slow and grueling process
unlike them again mr. Johnson indefinite
soldiers push on one of them is shot
which is two houses away
despite being regularly pinned down by
sniper fire the soldiers have to forge
ahead knowing this will lead to further
losses today their goal is to liberate a
school that they say ten Isis fighters
are shooting from to try and avoid the
sniper fire soldiers blow holes and
connecting walls an edge of their way
closer and closer to the school and they
get closer select this and crackle over
there just a street separates them on
the school but incoming fire is so great
they still call on American and Iraqi
air controllers to repeatedly strike the
building and kill the Isis fighters come
on my school where they said there were
times when I first got hit with
Hispanics and goodness knows how many
channels from
thank such a charity drive Alaska native
approving so our to Claire because I get
so little ear all day long
one group of soldiers advantage towards
the school they fire wildly and even
resort throwing hand grenades 552
soldiers have been killed while storming
the school almost certainly by friendly
fire after over eight hours of vicious
fighting the 9th division finally take
the school once the bodies are taken
away and rage the soldiers fire into the
air and back into the school so it looks
like this target school relief and here
greatest but look a walk and the
breaking building and where's my so much
like
