the next king of Saudi Arabia was named
today 31 year old Prince Mohammed bin
Salman the son of King Sandman to crown
the young prince King Sandman deposed
his powerful nephew Muhammad bin Nayef
who was next in line and upended the
line of succession in the monarchy where
the throne is almost never passed from
father to son and this son happens to be
the authoritarian States version of a
progressive vinson man is currently the
national defense minister and an
aggressive one but he's also seen as a
reformer he's called for the kingdom to
loosen its dependence on oil diversify
its economy and ease its social
restrictions some have speculated that
business and men may even allow movie
theaters to open in Saudi Arabia for the
first time since the 1970s but he won't
take the throne immediately and
currently there's not a single theater
in the nation of 31 million but there is
a thriving underground cinema circuit
where Saudi film makers can screen their
work YouTube
my dad this is Ali councilman Saudi
Arabia's biggest YouTube star in videos
get millions of views but this week he's
focused on getting just 200 people to
wash his new film because this week
Ali and his team are going to build the
country's only movie theater we are
trying to do more short films but until
we have cinema in Saudi Arabia I don't
think we could go so much into that Ali
started his YouTube production house
telfaz11 six years ago their films
satirized Saudi culture in the kingdom
women are not allowed to drive tell five
Elevens first viral hit took aim at this
ban no woman no drive has more than 14
million views hey I remember when you
used to sit in the family car back seat
a lot of videos focus around the thing
masculinity why is that my experience of
living into the of is you know from
schools to like family - everything is
masculine
you know we segregated society let's
laugh at our problems it's funny let's
guess it in a funny way
Colonna artists like Ali walk a very
very fine line in 2015 Saudi Arabia
sentenced a poet to death on charges of
promoting atheism last year the kingdom
condemned a blogger to a thousand lashes
and ten years in prison for insulting
Islam through electronic channels
but the growing community of artists and
entertainers is increasing pressure on
the kingdom
this is garum Studios a creative
workspace run by Abdul Nasser he's been
making art critiquing the conservative
regime for twenty years like this barbed
wire laws sometimes when you became a
metal as an ax and he became a medal and
me show you our society who they are
they get upset what you will the red
line of crossing the line there is no
lines in love but there's some line
because you could get in jail you need
to be smart you can push the line said
she went across okay there are some
sequences but in just the past few
months the monarchy seems to be relaxing
around leisure rules the general
entertainment Authority has promised
they'll open a cinema next year today
though Ali and his crew are building
their own a-team Amla University so for
one night only Saudi Arabia has a movie
theater we've been doing this online
which is cool but to have an eco
economical system that makes a creative
person filmmaker after whatever do his
film and sell it to people that makes
him more free to do what he wants
tonight tel thousand new screening Ali's
film that's based on the extraordinary
events that happened on that very stage
in 2006 as actors performed wa sati
a play ironically about moderation
religious extremists stormed the theatre
and attacked the cast and crew to break
the fight police shot into the ceiling
if I tell you five years ago anybody in
Saudi that oh by the way there will be
stand-up comedy music events and
officially all of these entertainment
shows that have an excited legalyou
praise this happen often is the first
time a lot of people told me that oh
it's your dream and it's coming true
and it doesn't feel that way for some
reason it feels that that's the first
step
