tonight Chechnya is gay purge the big
impact of small donations and the card
game that ranks blackness even me
planning it sometimes I'm like damn what
I think that like that's like that
otto warmbier the u.s. student released
by north korea last week has died
warmbier was in a coma and doctor said
he had a severe brain injury which
occurred at some point during his
detention in a statement his family said
quote the awful torturous mistreatment
her son received at the hands of the
North Koreans ensured that no other
outcome was possible beyond the sad one
we experienced today two separate
attacks in two European cities are being
investigated as terrorist acts in Paris
an armed man intentionally rammed his
car filled with explosives into a police
van the suspect died and no one else was
injured in London a van plowed into a
crowd leaving a mosque after Ramadan
prayers at least one person is dead and
ten were injured witnesses say the
driver was shouting I want to kill all
Muslims before people pinned him to the
ground the number of people dead or
missing and presumed dead from last
week's fire at a public housing Tower in
London has risen to 79 only five have
been formally identified the
investigation into the disaster is
ongoing but there have been allegations
that a recent renovation didn't include
necessary fire safety - something to
spread this quickly and this dangerously
something's gone seriously wrong the
contractor for the renovation said they
met all required standards Russia says
it'll treat u.s. warplanes operating in
parts of Syria as potential targets
after an American fighter jet shot down
a Syrian warplane on Sunday the first
time the US has done that since 2011
Russia called the attack quote military
aggression and is suspended a military
channel of communication used to avoid
collisions in Syrian airspace
White House adviser and president
Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner made
his first public address since joining
the administration he spoke at a
technology summit of business leaders
including Apple CEO Tim Cook our goal
here is simple we are here to improve
the day to day lives of the average
citizen that's a core promise and we are
keeping it together we will unleash the
creativity of the private sector to
provide citizens services in a way that
has never happened before
in Chechnya
dozens of gay men have been detained
beaten and tortured in a purge of the
Republic's LGBT population according to
human rights groups Chechnya is a
conservative Islamic country and being
gay is considered a scandal that brings
shame on entire families in fact Chechen
authorities deny that there are any gay
people there at all and if there are no
gay people there they say that couldn't
possibly have been a crackdown and
hasn't traveled to Chechnya to see the
evidence no escutia
dialogue or deal that is what gear yoga
Kiev was initially option do was to
cheer British to be album hookahs I need
the work in labor stop this economy to
potala Kawartha subway today jewelley of
Brazil is to the political Ayoub Kotov
runs the ministry for internal affairs
in the Chechen town of argon he's the
warden of the town's prisons catarrhini
subordinates allegedly took part in
torturing more than 100 gay men as part
of a crackdown ordered by high-level
officials victims claimed they were
locked up and attacked in the abandoned
organ police facility and other
locations in Chechnya as soon as we
arrived in argon we were met by police
officers and were currently being
escorted by around six cars who were
taking us to one of the locations where
it's alleged the victims were held as
far as we're aware were the first
foreign journalists who have been taken
here
government Tom do you mean yes so tell
us to resign he kept running over a
decade where do they put out an attack
attack bonus is that we adapt with that
is he doing it there are footprints
everywhere there are people that have
been walking around here and there are
rules never taken in service leader need
to be able to register a lien or walk no
charity area at a Basnet picasa
Australia the Buddha magicians buildings
in the objective she amor what LeBron
Wayne was a tronic would paddler first
the truth of the day to awaken area
strongest the toast always be wet report
that
Chechnya is part of the Russian
Federation which means it's supposed to
adhere to Russian law but some reality
Chechnya is president Ramzan Kadyrov has
the freedom to run his Republic the way
he wants in return for pledging his
loyalty to Vladimir Putin able to visit
or the facility in organ based on an
agreement with very high level local
felissa Fisher's Tania latina is the
Russian director at Human Rights Watch
and an expert on Chechnya it's a
facility which was described to us to
others in great detail by numerous huge
Chinese and their allegations are very
waiting and very present we were also
told that there have been investigators
from Moscow who've visited the site yes
can you tell us at what stage that
investigations are and what they're
expecting to get from it this is
actually the first time in years
the Kremlin plunged an investigation
into those egregious violations in
Chechnya and that only happened in my
opinion as a result of strong
consolidated international pressure are
they optimistic
well to be perfectly honest with you
live scene Ramzan Kadyrov gets in way
with such abuses for over a decade now
what we can see on the other hand is
that we are not getting new reports
about the tensions of gay people in
Chechnya so it seems like the Kremlin
made Kujira first Oh
I mean the reality is that there is
nobody here now but what the human
rights organizations would say is
they've been removed they've been taken
away from this place of course as soon
as it gains international attention is
there anything that you can use to prove
that this didn't happen what that one
super cancer will ask Rita fara Swami
you chew a plastic screw while you
Pescara calcio and it'll be really
tymberlee the tact of moguls of the Jets
really the time jewelers dance led mr.
Cornejo that but it may not be a matter
of imagination vice news spoke to one of
the alleged victims who viewed our
footage and said categorically that he
recognized both the prison buildings and
a of Katif the victim told us he was
electrocuted inside the complex he added
that he was two hundred percent certain
that he remembers being brought to his
knees and beaten by Kurt I've you've
been personally named as one of the
police officers who had taken part in
the torture how do you respond to this
when you do mentors didn't Esther he is
done
are you saying that the human rights
organizations are lying are you saying
that these victims are lying and why
would they do that
haja times are about the stats was
visions that we had miss black apologize
danced was yes the female traveler
reached an average torturer Kotori
Yakima this will interrupt but there's a
precedent for this kind of allegation
the Kadir of regime has been accused of
brutally suppressing dissidents through
forced disappearances and extrajudicial
killings
kadhi Roth has cultivated an image as a
strong man his social media posts show
him working out and practicing mixed
martial arts
his government has a Human Rights
Council which officially deals with
these complaints how the Saratoga is the
head it is a belief accordion I'm very
sure yeah this union problem why would
anybody who's gay go to somebody who
works for the government because there's
a risk to their life no more get
somebody in your skin there is no enemy
who presents a pillow roster yes the
yeast can you say Andrew the pomegranate
is any produced no civilian you see on
you let Ashley annum potato algebra
tests are optional as HIV is now a
national tragedy a Bucci more
profitability now observability we need
efficient immediate action we met
several Chechen gay men who had fled to
Moscow after they feared their lives
were at risk sometimes from their own
family members they asked for their
identities to be concealed to protect
their safety initiatives Pushpa partner
will give the gentleman a solenoid which
will be tested in turn the prescription
and uncertainity the class totaling
egami
many of the victims we met told us they
still don't feel safe even after leaving
Chechnya can you tell me what it's like
to be a gay man in Chechnya you are so
smart
Kabuto Pocoyo he was a bush coverage
totally a traitor those monsters are all
beasts what's it been like having to
leave your family and your friends and
your life behind it is now me a senior
to show you I'll change
- not a good budget edge from me just
need to hold it supposed I still let you
hear those images
he was the site of a new Tuesday should
be supporting this but the most
accomplished of liberal momentum a good
idea was nice
who is she shall we get enough attention
brexit negotiations finally began today
almost a full year after the UK voted to
quit the European Union it's the start
of a two-year process and with the
British government suddenly in total
disarray
it'll be anything but easy the UK's
brexit secretary David Davis met the
eased chief negotiator Michelle Barnea
in Brussels today to kick off a two-year
relationship that will basically be one
long break up more unites us than
divides us so why will undoubtedly be
challenging times ahead of us in the
negotiations we will do all that we can
to ensure that we deliver a deal that
works in the best interest of all
citizens but today's five hours of talks
were mainly about arranging more talks
and the two sides have a lot to sort out
if they're to come up with a deal before
March 2019 when Britain is formally
supposed to leave the EU Prime Minister
Theresa May is poor performance in the
general election as week in the UK's
hand is not certain how long she'll
remain in charge and it's suddenly much
less clear what Britain actually wants
Lord Goss O'Donnell run the UK's Civil
Service for six years in Europe you know
we have to remember this is not number
one on their list of really important
things and then comes brexit which is an
irritant they'd like it to go away they
will be disappointed they will want to
get on with it and they'll want us to
kind of make up our minds what are we
asking for because they've been very
clear about what they're offering for
its part the EU is very clear about its
priorities it wants to protect the
rights of European citizens living in
the UK as well as keeping the Irish
border open and it also wants a
so-called divorce settlement of up to a
hundred and eleven billion dollars to
cover the UK's obligations to pensions
and spending plans it's already signed
up for more fundamentally it wants a
deal that makes leaving the EU look
a very bad idea and that's something
that almost all of Europe agrees on John
Asaf the 30 year old Democratic
contender and tomorrow special
congressional race in Georgia's sixth
District has already made history his
campaign has raised more than twenty
three million dollars five times as much
as his Republican opponent karen handel
and more than any congressional
candidate ever but what's really
important about AA scoffs fundraising
haul isn't how much he's raised its how
he raised it while plenty of big
spenders have given to Asaf he's raised
most of his money via small donations
much like Bernie Sanders did in 2016 at
the end of March almost two hundred
thousand individual donors had already
given to the campaign
most of them through the crowdfunding
site act blue and the average donation
was less than fifty dollars that trend
continued over the last two months
nearly two thirds of the money aasif
raised in April in May
came from people who gave less than two
hundred dollars and even though most
House races are often funded by local
money most of us ops contributors don't
even live in a state that intense and
broad financial support is unheard of in
off year special elections which usually
slipped by and noticed but in this case
it's exactly what's driving Asaf success
in 2018 there will be 435 Democrats
running for House seats and vying for
donations from the anti-trump base right
now there's only one
conservative groups are trying to
counter the flood of progressive money
in the Georgia race with last-minute TV
ads one of them uses last week's attack
on the Republican Congressional baseball
team to drive turnout Nandy unhinge left
is endorsing and applauding shooting
Republicans when will it stop and it
won't if John Asaf wins on Tuesday the
idea of an armed left-wing movement on
the marches like most political attacks
a convenient exaggeration but that
doesn't mean there's nothing to it Brian
Levin realized the size of the problem
last year when he went as an observer to
a KKK rally in Anaheim and found himself
caught up in a mob of furious counter
protesters the Grand Dragon fell and was
immediately set upon by a mob that was
like the longest four minutes of my life
and at that point I saw something
coalescing on the hard left legends a
former New York police officer and an
expert in homegrown extremism at Cal
State San Bernardino he frequently
briefs lawmakers and law enforcement
officials on emerging trends and
American extremist movements for much of
the past decade that's meant focusing
largely on the far-right anti-government
militias and Patriot movements that
range from survivalists who bury
ammunition in the woods to so-called
sovereign citizens who've killed police
officers according to the
anti-defamation league far-right
extremism has accounted for nearly three
quarters of all extremism related
murders since 2007 by comparison Islamic
extremists were responsible for just 24%
but lately experts like Levin have begun
seeing stirrings of a similar form of
violent radicalism on the other end of
the ideological spectrum and it's not
just one-off events like counter
protests by an tyfa which made news
recently for brawling with the alt-right
in berkeley california
now we're seeing organizing by groups
not just to respond to oh there's a make
America great rally or there's the Klan
marching but to something even more
nefarious and that is weed resistance to
include violence as a preferred response
and we're not just going to do it at an
event we're going to do it as a staple
of our strategy the tactic and that's
really worrisome violence from the far
left is not new in the 1960s and 70s
groups like the Black Panthers and The
Weather Underground
sometimes deployed terror like tactics
to advance left-wing ambitions by
comparison
today's movements remain small
responsible for at most two percent of
all extremism related deaths in the
ADL's count but experts like Levin's say
there seems to be something new
happening a sense that far-right
movements aren't going away at a time
when some far left groups are beginning
to adopt their methods and mindset what
I worry about is frayed edges of this
unraveling magic carpet of democracy
that is encouraging this kind of
continuing orchestrated dance of
conflict and demonization that then
unravels us even more
the Supreme Court issued a major
decision today ruling that an Asian rock
band called the slants can trademark
their controversial name despite a
federal law banning disparaging
trademarks the court decided that law
the Lanham Act violates the First
Amendment's free speech Clause the
ruling could mean that the NFL's
Washington Redskins whose trademark was
cancelled under the same provision will
have their controversial logo reinstated
trading races is a new party game where
players argue about what it means to be
black in America it's awkward and fun
Dexter Thomas went to Chicago to try it
out there's been an interview out with
Tina and and everybody else has been on
SNL
Tina has been holding that show together
for years does all the work gets no
credit what is blacker than that sweet
face of Michael Jackson
Trading races is a pretty simple game
there's 52 cards in a deck in each
player gets five cards the deck is made
up of all kinds of notable black figures
like Nelson Mandela and Maya Angelou
with some conversation starters mixed in
like Justin Bieber and Rachel Dolezal if
you could convince everyone the person
on your card is the blackest you win the
hand win enough hands and you win the
game Kenyatta Forbes as a creator the
games how did you come up with the
concept for this game I had a weird
graduate art school experience had a
professor tell me as a white woman it
was her she wanted to take me out of my
victimhood I'm sorry what yeah yeah she
put up images of lynchings and my whole
cohort of colleagues during grad school
were all white and she's like Kenyatta
how does this make you feel so
experiences like that okay I kind of
started the fuelling the energy to
figure out how to have a conversation
around race
there's no set definition for blackness
so players have to come up with that
criteria for themselves
Forbes hosts that process of how people
come to terms with their own racial
biases cultural way in a dress as humans
we were kind of trained to put things
into categories mhm and that's how we
build our understandings it's a game I
mean even they even me playing it
sometimes I'm like damn what I think
that like that's like that in the game
you're literally pitting black people
against each other is that a bad thing
you know there's always a pro and con to
every situation so potentially it has
the opportunity to highlight black joy
and black positivity you could be
arguing the best parts about what Simone
is contributing the game also comes with
wildcards so players can add someone who
isn't already featured in the day
like a revolt I mean what's blacker than
that but his legacy where's Maya Angelou
inspired not just indirectly but
directly every single black person and
we look up to can my people play this
game I've played it with engineers and
developers who are predominantly white
in a you know predominately white space
so I've seen all cultures versus play
this if no issue is that it's not
uncomfortable at all it's supposed to be
uncomfortable though Clarence Thomas has
been around for we're it and
he's actually helped lead some rights
movement just like with with ladies done
like television and everything of that
sense I guess
waiting around to trading races doesn't
leave you with the same sense and joy
you get from playing most card games in
fact it can be a little bittersweet
first of all don't think anybody
technically wins O'Toole society gets to
a point where they're not putting people
in a box to be black nobody right now is
amazing okay I can tell you one of the
betas are you wanna be
that's vice news tonight for Monday June
