you know it's been a bad week for your
company when a board member steps down
and your CEO takes a leave over sexist
corporate culture and it's not even your
biggest problem
uber is locked in a legal battle with
Google over stolen trade secrets and the
cutthroat race for the self-driving car
that both companies have set their
sights on it's a corporate war that
could decide the future of the auto
industry and in the middle of it is just
one man back in 2004 a berkeley graduate
student named anthony 11 disease builds
a self-driving motorcycle which he calls
ghost riders he entered it in the DARPA
Grand Challenge a contest testing the
limits of autonomous vehicles Ghost
Rider crashed and couldn't finish the
race but it was a start after graduating
levin dosti co-founded a small company
called 510 systems where he built a
program that marries images from
multiple cameras with GPS data he moved
to Google in 2007 but continued to work
at five ten on the side until 2011 when
he convinced Google to buy 510 which
then became the foundation of Google's
self-driving car division whammo the
innovation at the heart of autonomous
cars is a radar-like system called lidar
which lets them see and navigate levin
dosti spent years at Google working on
lidar but in January of 2016 he suddenly
quit along with a handful of colleagues
to open a company of their own a
self-driving truck startup called Auto
in August of that year
uber bought Auto and Levin dau ski for
six hundred and eighty million dollars
but in December a Google employee was
accidentally copied on an email from an
outside supplier showing a lidar circuit
board that Google says looked
suspiciously like the board levin dosti
had developed for them and which under
intellectual property law they would own
two months later Google filed a public
records request in Nevada where uber was
testing its vehicles which deepened its
hunch that levin dosti had taken secrets
with him when he
to the company a few days later Google
filed suit Google alleges that shortly
before quitting Levin douse key and two
others downloaded 14,000 documents from
the company's servers and that they then
used what amounts to stolen property to
develop self-driving technology for
Google's archrival in federal court on
March 30th levin dosti was called to
testify in google's civil suit against
uber he refused invoking his Fifth
Amendment rights he also refused to turn
over any documents even though uber
urged him to two weeks ago uber fired
levin dosti but that won't stop them
from having to face google in court
potentially curbing ubers self-driving
dreams for his part levin dosti may
possibly return to court - to face
criminal charges
