tonight the shooting in DC manslaughter
for Flint's water and the gup-e gospel
of Gwyneth Paltrow a fire that tore
through a 24 story apartment building in
the middle of the night in London killed
at least 12 people that number is
expected to rise as many are missing and
more than 70 are in the hospital
investigators are still determining the
cause but the towering is a public
housing complex and residents say they'd
made formal complaints about its safety
ninety percent of guys designed that
independent petition asking for there to
be a investigation into the organization
that one was their building because they
were so incompetent and the concert
ended and the building's management's
that they would cooperate with
authorities on the investigation at
least nine people have been killed by
gunmen in mogadishu the attackers took
hostages in a popular restaurant after
setting off a car bomb followed by heavy
gunfire al-shabaab claimed
responsibility for the attack
the Senate has overwhelmingly approved
new sanctions to punish Russia for its
meddling in the 2016 election the
amendment part of a bill strengthening
sanctions on Iran also creates a
requirement for Congress to review any
attempt by President Trump to relax
suspend or terminate the sanctions u.s.
marshals have arrested two men involved
in the beating of Kurdish protesters
outside the Turkish ambassador's
residence in Washington the
demonstrators were protesting turkish
President Recep aired along visit when
men who appeared to be heir to ones
bodyguards unleashed a violent attack
the two men arrested today have been
charged with felonies among them
aggravated assault and assault with
significant bodily injury and American
officials reportedly plan to charge 12
members of President air21 security
detail
hey is that guy okay out there
the guys that diamond shot he okay
anybody top enemy talking to them and
once I start to talk to morning
this was a quiet street at 7 o'clock
this morning a couple blocks that way
members of the Congressional Republican
baseball team we're practicing for their
annual charity game against a Democrat
tomorrow night at nat stadium then
gunshots rang out Steve Scalise remember
the house leadership was hit so as a
staffer for Roger Williams a member from
Texas so is a lobbyist so is a Capitol
Hill police officer the heroes are the
police officers who who attacked the
shooter and in doing so probably saved
many many lives before opening fire
the shooter asked one of the congressman
which party the team represented usually
seems to target it because they are
Republicans based on the question he
asked me I would make that assumption
and he proceeded to shoot Republicans
you take that for what it's worth could
you just the only reason they were
capitol police there's because police is
a member of the leadership had Steve not
been there today there would have been
zero security and it would have been a
killing field I mean you know I'm a
pretty good pretty good hands at the hot
corner but that glove ain't got stop
bullets from a rifle or pistol that's
just the reality
the shooter James Hodgkinson is dead
shooting a politician is a political act
so it didn't take long for speculation
to begin about his motives Hodgkinson
was a 66 year old home inspector from
Illinois he's a white guy born in
America
so we avoided the immediate shitshow
over terrorism and Trump's travel ban
but Hutchinson's Facebook page is loaded
with Kroeber niece Anders anti-trump
messages apparently volunteered for
Sanders campaign he's a member of
various anti GOP Facebook groups
including terminate the Republican Party
and two days ago he posted a pretty
angry statement about Donald Trump
a few miles away on Capitol Hill there
were prayers we ask your blessing on our
brother representative Steve Scalise two
officers in the staffer who have been
shot and a response from senator Sanders
violence of any clients is unacceptable
in our society and I condemned this
action in the strongest possible terms
Speaker Paul Ryan and House Democratic
Leader Nancy Pelosi both spoke an attack
on one of us is an attack on all of us
members of both parties emphasized unity
but the debate about guns wasn't far
from anyone's mind including the
Republicans who were here under fire
today like Moe Brooks who actually had
to run from the gunman the congressman
exchanged your views on the gun
situation in America not with respect to
the Second Amendment the Second
Amendment right to bear arms is to help
ensure that we always have a republic
here in Virginia there are no background
checks or permit requirements for
concealed carry or open carry of
handguns or long guns Democrats are not
going to try to figure out when is the
right time and turn this conversation
from unity back to our gun laws there
are too many guns on the street
background checks shutting down gun show
loopholes
that's not for today's discussion but
it's not just about politicians ethics
we worry about this every day for all of
our citizens we've been through this
balancing act before in 2011
representative Gabby Giffords was shot
in the head at a constituent event in
Tucson Arizona the calls for unity were
intense then too we must do something
there was also an intense and divisive
debate over gun policy but everyone in
Congress knows that neither unity nor
productive discussion on guns is coming
anytime soon
Senator Lindsey Graham had probably the
most realistic response to today it's
just a crazy world he said let's be
grateful it wasn't worse we just got to
move on
today Michigan Attorney General Bill
Schuette II announced major new charges
related to the water crisis in Flint let
me say that involuntary manslaughter is
a very serious crime shooty charged the
state's Health and Human Services
director Nick Lyon with involuntary
manslaughter in the death of 85 year old
Robert Skidmore who lived in affluent
suburb and died during a Legionnaires
outbreak connected to the city's led
water crisis after allegedly being
informed of the growing Legionella
situation in Flint Nick line failed to
inform the public of this health threat
in fact Lyme allegedly knew about the
outbreak for a year before telling
anyone for other state officials who've
already pled not guilty to letter
allegations were also brought up on
involuntary manslaughter charges
including the city former emergency
manager Darnell early the man at the
helm when Flint switched its water
source that brings the total number of
current or former officials indicted to
17 9 and 4 others could go to prison for
15 years and the indictments mark a
turning point in the Flint investigation
if the first time government officials
have been directly linked to the deaths
of Flint residents the culpability only
goes so far today shooty confirmed he
won't be charging Michigan Governor Rick
Snyder the fact that he's letting
governor Snyder off the hook for
manslaughter is appalling that man the
governor since we have been under state
control since 2011 has been a single
decision maker for the city of flint
every decision landed on his desk and so
he knew spidering shooty of those
Republicans that they frequent meet the
enormous asset size of the Flint crisis
though speculation that shooty is eyeing
the governor's mansion next year when
Snyder term limits outs and the two men
traded some not-so-subtle political digs
today and Snyder hit back at shoot you
saying he had full faith and confidence
in the HHS director and calls on the AG
to hurry up and give court dates to
people who've already been charged with
crimes against Flint's everything that's
happened doesn't Flint
has been political people have died all
of these deaths could have been
prevented if these people who are in
charge of our public safety and our
health
did their job the Federal Reserve Bank
raised interest rates again today by a
quarter percentage point
it's the third rate hike in a row from
the central bank
after years of nearly zero percent
interest rates locked in after the 2008
financial crisis the Fed is being
careful maybe too careful
Roberto Bergman has more today's
interest rate hikes surprised no one the
Fed has been saying it wants to get
rates higher for a while now but that
doesn't make it a good idea the Fed
traditionally raises interest rates when
it thinks the economy is growing too
fast an inflation could rise but neither
of those two things is happening right
now
the economy only grew by one point two
percent in the first quarter of this
year and despite the Trump
administration's promises most experts
don't expect it to grow much faster than
2% anytime soon inflation is also low
it's basically been 2% or less for the
last two-and-a-half years it's possible
the Fed is raising rates because it
thinks there just isn't much more room
for the economy to grow the official
unemployment rate is all the way down to
four point three percent but that number
is deceptive the labor force
participation rate among working age
adults is still almost two percentage
points lower than it was before the
crisis in other words there's still
millions of people who dropped out of
the workforce and still haven't gotten
back in so if the economy isn't growing
quickly and inflation is under control
and there's still a bunch of people out
of work why is the Fed raising rates the
answer has a lot to do with the biases
of most central bankers they don't like
any risk of inflation and they don't
like things that are out of the ordinary
like the very low interest rates we've
had for a very long time so with the
economy stable they feel like it's time
to get things back to normal the process
of raising interest rates and getting
monetary policy back to normal is really
about the fact that the economy's
getting back to normal and therefore it
doesn't need as much of a help from
really low interest rates in monetary
stimulus the problem is that for lots of
Americans things are still a long way
from normal and raising rates isn't
going to help them today's move will
make mortgages more expensive it will
also make it more expensive for
companies to borrow money which stops
them from hiring as many people as they
would otherwise this is a risk-averse
move by the Fed but for plenty of
American workers it's a risky one
today Russia's Parliament approved a
plan to raise close to 5,000 occupied
apartment blocks in central Moscow and
relocate 1.6 million people on one of
the largest urban resettlement plans in
history but not before last-ditch
protests against the measure turned ugly
with several protesters detained the
government says the Soviet era blocks
all in prized central districts are
decrepit and residents need to move to
newly built housing but with no
guarantees on where that new housing
will be the community is being displaced
or fuming protests against the
demolition swelled ahead of today's vote
at the largest demonstration 60,000
people massed in central Moscow back one
lucky student residences on Franklin Lam
is less less it's running but the
bladder can swim the problem Oakland 31
year old olga shook is leading protests
for her block
she bought her apartment in a prime spot
in central Moscow five years ago the
government will guarantee she and her
neighbors a new apartment of the same
size but it's unlikely to be in the same
area and there won't be any compensation
the demolition and replacement of almost
two hundred and seventy million square
feet of housing could take twenty years
it'll cost sixty 1 billion dollars
Anitra testimony video coulibaly
narayandas an initial massive ottoman
invisible elite nice lip elixir our
business pantry ether gooey Center una
pista visa para yo Nora Kwame Oh neva
stroke limitless apart is the fragility
pertinent of Atomic Age opposition
activists like Dmitri good cough have
argued that there's much more to the
unrest and residents personal attachment
to their homes so tahajud apologies
Emily mafia some precision prions Moscow
vamos a ser technoServe dome petite
arsonist or some dudes et/pt da jman the
mourner Petr a restless advanced ITA's a
product the robotic implicating but
Monica Garcia main project on Tarja to
show lobbies so crazily
officials say the blocks are simply too
old they were built by Soviet leader
Nikita Khrushchev in the 1950s
supposedly as a quick temporary fix to a
housing crisis Peter Tolstoy a lawmaker
with Putin's United Russia party helped
draft the demolition plan is taking the
lead me Katerina who it's like Eva
Soler's read me Gerrit ammidon is a
pastrami a delicious tranny vaccine he
was most my cat seems to be
Volo das - N&R - save remain nasally oh
please naughty Adam esto reacts asanas
need a stat common formats eulogy Papa
do at Oprah extra yes test Oh velocity
sakata's visits by uranium math career
kita Katori of Daliya spewed ev'ry iraqi
sagrado yuriage American sagrado
Mezzaluna red mini bag a Tamiya
Soprano's cousin Vietnamese immigrant
despite the opposition the bill is
expected to be signed into law by
President Putin but that could breed
resentment in Russia's capital a brow
dump of the chalice and vicious a canary
Nevada yeah poachers co-host ajinomoto
stigma nice to know ya Tek da da da na
socati a new version of our table of
Alaska a few days of partisan sea chests
are awash 21 in murska sobota uprising
in the media are gullible goober novel
once upon a time Gwyneth Paltrow is just
a widely beloved award-winning actress
but she finally caught a break in 2008
when she launched her nutritional
newsletter goop which gave birth to a
lifestyle Empire today she's a High
Priestess of a mini tentacle monetized
belief system that just sold out its
first Wellness Summit and Mary HK Choi
got a ticket because wellness them is
really for anybody who is looking to
have insight some autonomy around health
so it's not just like 600 of your
besties or anything like that I really
don't know very many people in the
audience has been really really nice and
very profound for me to interact with
some of these women the summit feels
like you're living out the latest goop
newsletter there are thoughtfully
curated gluten-free vegan dishes
blowouts wellness panels and of course
goop devotees
Green has group changed your life yeah
well we both have rare health care
health conditions really don't we have
African something like that while we're
having halogen martinis later right as
one does
Elise loanin is group chief content
officer I have some bone broth later the
goal of the day is ambitious it's to
really help people transform or shift
paradigm for people to walk out of that
room and feel like they've been shifted
the whole is a veritable what's that of
the multi trillion-dollar wellness
industry access isn't cheap tickets
range from $500 to 1500 if you want to
have lunch with Paltrow
there are also workout classes crystal
therapy sound healing aura readings in
antioxidant IV drip with vitamin
boosters so how much does everything I'm
getting right now I won't be around
at hungry well sleek expensive
experimental and for the most part white
Paltrow's not unlike other lifestyle
gurus but her advice on putting Jade
eggs into your vagina inspires a special
breed of cynicism do you think anyone's
paint attending this conference that's
funny
I'm sure maybe let me cure I mean it's a
big investment of time and money so it's
possible I think people they're probably
some skeptics here there are however
medical doctors on the roster like dr.
Alejandro younger a kind of gut health
rockstar the guided like the roots of a
plant is where we absorb our nutrients
and we send them through the trunk to
our leaves and flowers and fruit which
our hair skin and organs I turn myself
on and TED talk type like a stair
parrell a therapist who specializes in
sex as a modern day doctor roof so do
you actually believe in some of the
other treatments and protocols here like
you know bee sting therapy or crystals
and things like that what does it mean
when we see believes do I have faith in
it and I willing to and fit it means
that I have a need that allows me to
engage with the unknown yes why not take
it a little bit worried it's not that
we're opposed to conventional medicine
we just also are very interested in
alternative medicine having autonomy
I've always been that person who has
sort of introduced the culture or the
media to things that people think are
weird it's really important I think to
eat to ask the question is the ire and
flack worth it to you Oh
of course that's my sneeze tonight for
Wednesday June 14
