tonight session stonewalls
Mosul's brutal liberation and uber uses
its head despite international
opposition Hungary's parliament has
passed restrictive new laws on NGOs
funded by foreign countries they will
have to register with authorities and
identify themselves as foreign funded or
they could be closed but the laws are
widely seen as an effort by the
government to crack down on dissent like
similar measures enacted in Russia
speaking before the Senate Armed
Services Committee Secretary of Defense
James mattis gave a blunt assessment of
the war in Afghanistan now entering its
16th year you're not winning in
Afghanistan right now and we will
correct this as soon as poss why when
pressed on when Congress could expect a
strategy mattis said mid-july
there are about 8400 American troops in
Afghanistan currently and the commander
of the american-led coalition has said
that several thousand more are needed
North Korea has released otto warmbier
the University of Virginia student who
is held prisoner in the country for more
than a year his parents said warmbier
has been in a coma since March of 2016
but that they only found that out last
week the 22 year old was arrested for
trying to steal a propaganda sign in
Pyongyang in sentenced to 15 years hard
labor Republican senators have yet to
release any details about their latest
health care bill and today a Senate
Minority Leader Chuck Schumer slammed
them for it they're ashamed of the bill
if they like the bill they'd have brass
bands marching down the middle of
small-town America saying what a great
bill it is but they know it is and humor
is proposing and no hearing no vote act
which would force the GOP to revealed
what's in the bill before they can
fast-track it
us-backed iraki forces captured another
district and mogul from Isis today and
now have the militants surrounded and
trapped in two small neighborhoods along
the Tigris River it's been three years
since abu bakr al baghdadi
declared the Caliphate in Mosul the
largest city in Iraq and it's now on the
verge of being liberated but the
battle-hardened militants have turned
their remaining territory in western
Mosel into a nightmarish network of
tunnels and sniper positions and are
using human shields to prolong their
last stand more than 850,000 residents
have escaped but for those still living
under Isis control the situation is
desperate
Ben Anderson is in Mosul as a brutal
campaign that was supposed to be over
long ago enters its final stage behind
me and what looks like a 50 M fire the
last remaining Isis fighters in mostly
surrounded and what's called the old
city the unwilling or unable to
surrender this is where they will soon
face their final defeat in a battle that
has lasted over eight months the black
smoke is coming from five we'll probably
set by Isis in an effort to provide
cover from the airstrikes that are being
carried out regularly here by Iraqi and
American aircraft
so that the bat that improved the Iraqi
security forces there were also firing
artillery from the surrounding areas
consume move in and finally reclaim his
last piece of territory also trapped in
the old city roughly a hundred thousand
there are some civilian who now face a
hellish choice is the whole block was up
then affluent you support clear two
levels of that do they do they behead
people trying to flee in front of
everybody else
Jamar father for a mass another village
marat wobbled mrs. guard America guard
orbit if any of what I said what he lied
you just need to stay under the
bombardment risk being killed when your
own home something like 4,000 civilians
have already been killed by the
intensifying strikes or sleep and risk
being killed by Isis who want to keep
them in place as human shield
just last week 163 civilians were gunned
down by Isis that they tried to escape
US Attorney General Jeff Sessions
testified before the Senate Intelligence
Committee today sessions refused to
answer many questions about his
conversations with President Trump
citing potential executive privilege but
that's a protection that only the
president can invoke and Trump hasn't
yet that was actually the crux of
session circuitous argument well algid
you don't have the power to assert these
power of executive privilege so what is
the legal basis for your refusal to
answer these questions I am protecting
the right of the President to exert it
assert it if he chooses I don't
understand how you can have it both ways
I think most cabinet officials before
the committee at some point on the
president will either assert the
privilege or not but at this point I
believe it's premature sessions
testimony was frustratingly boring you
did it but it was not there to drop
bombshells who's there to protect the
president all Evan McMorris Santoro
watched the hearing with Douglas Gansler
the former Democratic Attorney General
of Maryland so you have faith in the
investigation then I said that more
patiently wasn't really do
yeah I think it's yeah I think you know
Donald Trump has made obviously a lot of
mistakes and he's got a lot of issues
mental issues and other things but
firing James Comey was probably the
biggest mistake they ever did because
the day he did that he waded into in
potential catchment territories these
fall false attacks any windows the leaks
you can be sure will not intimidate me
in fact these events have only
strengthened my resolve to fulfill my
duty a your flags going up in your
projects to all rain right now what he's
doing is the
president sometimes which is the
deflecting the conversation he's talking
about and you know as if what he's been
doing is to run the department and
address things like the opioid crisis
when they're here to investigate the
Russian meddling kid in our elections
this is not the day if you're an
impeachment fan no because he is tied up
there I mean by definition is helping he
recused herself I was never briefed on
any investigative details did not access
any information about the investigation
I received only the limited information
that the department's career officials
determined was necessary for me to form
and make a recusal decision as such I
have no knowledge about this
investigation recusing himself in the
DOJ shi'ite sought to go about doing his
job of doing it can it can that all work
totally it can't there's no problem with
him excusing himself as long actually
recused himself and stays recused what
he did instead was recuse them something
help fire director Comey so it's really
more about what the prosecutors who are
doing the prosecution are going to do
versus what the politicians who are on
these yeah at these moments are saying
right there's all there's enormous
amount of concurrent investigations
going on none of them are that relevant
well the only thing that could happen in
these is that one of these guys could be
lying
I mean this goes back to the cover-up
source of the crime so whether or not he
met with the Russian ambassador he could
event with the Russian ambassador and
talked about your favorite kinds of
vodka but the question is what did you
talk about with them if any brief
interaction occurred in passing with the
Russian ambassador during that reception
I do not remember do you protect
yourself from perjury by saying I don't
remember does that count
it does yeah what do you think Americans
should make of this hearing so Attorney
General Sessions asked to have this
hearing because in the wake of director
Comey's hearing he wanted to clarify
some things I'm not sure he really did a
successful job of that he had answers
for some of the questions but he evaded
most of the questions I don't think
there was anything sort of monumental
that came out of today's hearing I think
that General Sessions does look like
he's a little swarming and in that
looking director forthright but there's
nothing that he seems to be lied about I
just think it's another piece of the
puzzle more than 500 Imams in the UK
have condemned the recent London Bridge
terror attack and it refused to perform
Islamic funeral prayers for the three
perpetrators and even after repeated
inquiries by vice news today no one was
willing to disclose exactly where the
bodies are right now
the remains of mass murderers don't
usually attract so much attention but
when they do they can inspire fierce
outrage
Josh Hirsch went to Worcester
Massachusetts to meet a man who found
that out the hard way
on April 15 2013 a bombing at the finish
line of the Boston Marathon left three
dead and hundreds wounded four days
later Tamerlan tsarnaev one of the
perpetrators of the attack was killed in
a standoff with the police in Watertown
the Boston suburb tsarnaev's body was
brought to the state medical examiner's
office but no one knew what to do with
it
no cemetery was willing to receive it no
funeral home was willing to handle it so
it was just left there for ten days
until someone suggested calling Peter
Stefan Stefan has run the Graham Putnam
and Mahoney funeral parlor since 70s
it's a bit of a mess here but you know
what it's reality
yeah the tsarnaev case wasn't the first
time he'd handled a body no one else
wanted the alcoholics who died without
next-of-kin the prostitutes whose deaths
no one bothered to plan for
yeah we got yeah they say well the
immigrants illegal illegal who died here
to what he's supposed to go with them
back in the 80s he was one of few
funeral home directors willing to accept
the bodies of people who had died from
AIDS at a time when many thought the
disease was highly contagious
I still got away yeah a different coffee
shop and I'm in by the guys doughnuts or
whatever lunch people that take my money
with the napkin and wash it be would it
handle it because they know that I
handle agents sad stuff and it was no
Nitra when Stefan heard about the
controversy over tsarnaev zs-- body it
inspired a similar impulse scow was a
terrace okay but it doesn't mean that
I'm gonna say I'm gonna throw him in a
dumpster that decision would have
consequences
protests soon broke out across the
street with angry chants and people
throwing rocks Dorie Maynard was one of
the first people to show up I think it
was like a personal assault on everybody
in the full area everybody was so
traumatized by what happened and then
karmak ice again by bringing the body
here I could have said to the ankle
I'm not going to bury him I don't do
this I'm not a traitor
other people said well his body should
be left someplace until you find
someplace to bury it well we don't play
musical bodies which I don't whatever it
is wherever he is in this country we
very people Stephan tried to explain to
the press why he thought so and I have
deserved to be buried he tried to help
members of the tsarnaev family search
for a cemetery plot that would actually
take the body there was 24 hours a day
with the reporters here and we kept
saying the same thing we're looking for
a place to bury him then we saw the say
to ourselves where are we going to bury
and Newman an author and journalist
who's covered the burial of almost every
mass shooter over the last five years
that the issue has become more fraught
in modern times we as a culture decide
what and what is not sacred and that
changes over time Newman notes that the
bodies of Adam Lanza the Sandy Hook
killer and Dylan Klebold of Columbine
were both buried by their families
without much fanfare or controversy in
unmarked graves but when the burial
becomes a matter of public debate the
body has given more meaning if we don't
bury these bodies we are not treating
them as human and then we do not have to
reckon with the evil that they've done
after tsarnaev's body had been at
Stefan's funeral home for a week a
solution finally arrived in the form of
an unexpected offer from a woman in
rural Virginia who had secured space in
the nearby Muslim cemetery a couple
nights later tsarnaev's uncle quietly
slipped the body into his car and drove
it away no one noticed until the burial
in an unmarked grave was announced the
next day
and if somebody asked me to would you do
it again I said absolutely wouldn't
matter we're not dealing with the
situation with Danny with a dead body
not what the dead body did today
uber released the findings of an
internal investigation into the
company's corporate culture by former US
Attorney General Eric Holder and his law
firm their first recommendation review
and reallocate the responsibilities of
uber CEO Travis kalanick kalanick
announced today he'll do just that
taking an indefinite leave of absence
from his duties to quote work on uber
2.0 and perhaps more importantly to work
on Travis 2.0 and uber 2.0 apparently
would include many of over one-point O's
core principles and they've recently
been forced to shed a lot of their core
executives butterbur to point out didn't
exactly start off on the right foot
audio leaked today from their
announcement to staff featured board
member Arianna Huffington getting cut
off by fellow board member David
Bonderman
there's a lot of data that shows that
when there's one woman on the board it's
much more likely that there would be a
second
oh come on baby last November voters in
rural Douglas County Oregon were faced
with a simple choice raise property
taxes by a few dollars a month per
household or closed down their entire
library system they voted against the
tax increase so over the past few months
all twelve branches in the county shut
their doors Dexter Thomas was there as
the last one closed for good the kids
understand system can be live dreaming
you guys might have opportunity to check
out a lot of books something there said
there's a used bookstore in town there's
no more new bookstore in town what do
you think about the library I guess you
like it here yeah you're not in full
come out here come out here come on yeah
come on come on come on Tommy I wish I
could do the library every day try a
little harder to be a little better
decisions determine destiny what's wrong
with doing the right thing it's just a
phrase I thought of one day and I liked
it so I put it up there to remind me big
library Harold Hayes has been the
director of the Douglas County Library
System for four years he's worked in
rural libraries for over 20 K zestimates
close to half of County residents have
used the library obviously I chose
libraries occur because the libraries
mean something to me when you look at a
totality of a community you want
libraries parks museums quality of life
issues when you start whittling those
away people are no longer drawn to
either Commerce Day in such a candidate
and so it affects everyone whether or
not you as an individual use that
library or not
I think that's one of the things that
they differ a little bit where they say
all the information I need is on Google
if I want a book I get some off Amazon
that's great if you can afford those
books on Amazon I can't afford all the
books I read Douglas County stretches
over 5,000 square miles of Southwest
Oregon it's an area the size of
Connecticut in the 1930s it was known as
the timber capital of the nation
royalties from the timber industry for
tens of millions of dollars a year into
the county's budget but in the
nineteenth conservation efforts led to
tougher restrictions and logging dropped
by 90% the federal government stepped in
to help the county pay for social
services with three years ago that
safety net win away to Gary leaf is one
of three County Commissioners so back in
the 90s we used to make over fifty
million dollars worth of timber revenues
in two and a half years were and fall
off that fiscal cliff or we don't have
any more money left over so what a third
point you start have to start asking for
tax money for things
either that or cutting your vote for
libraries you can't vote for public
safety I know what the choice would be
for me if I can only afford one organ
voters pay some of the lowest taxes in
the country there's no state sales tax
and there's a cap on personal property
taxes but budgets are shrinking and
residents in this deeply conservative
County with a median household income is
around forty thousand dollars a year or
being asked to pay for more because
three dollars or throw away a can of
trash at the landfill and four dollars
to use the public park it would have
cost family six dollars a months to keep
the library version the kids have been
asking this last month can we go one
more time
fifty-five percent of residents voted
against that tax including Amy and Bill
candidate you know if it was like me is
frustration that property taxes continue
to rise and services continue to fall
it's a frustration so would you say this
is the tax thing this is a value thing
for me it's a tax thing
are you mad at all curious yes just use
loss for the community and the
individuals use the library so it's a
personal loss you've got to be on the
job I'm had to be honest Bob it's much
more than than just a job these people
actually help people every day how can
that not make a difference when that
goes away so you have my staff really
feel it and so why today is the last day
that the Douglas County Library system
will have any facility open thank you
for all you've done
you're very welcome your comments are
home it's been my pleasure it's a very
sad day for very many people in the camp
people are coming in expressing their
grief I'm how to do this several times
today it's nothing very easy thank you
thank you
love libraries make sure you're still
here yep I want you to know you've been
probably the best boss I ever had
there's no question to be answered
there's no solution to be given we're
closing the library so all you can do is
kind of listen
hi my name is Tala
my name is Baku well the Benson
do it
Jay boy had the romantic type buy
quality to it new sound and direction
for us the inspiration comes from the
coldness the song starts with because
this way call is about being relief the
drum pad on it the base of everything
and the beaches video then you go for
the cabassa then we cover size fade you
know that French like old prints the key
I remember I was paying a base that
would bring some kind of the other
cheated item to do and they caddy
though I remember when we just a the cop
simple cop icon we never thought of
instrument separately we always blend
together counter don't really have their
own identity that is you know
due to truth
that might use tonight for Tuesday June
