on Sunday regular everyday Americans
started to filing a symbol there for
years his to it for determination
victory and freedom five pairs of shoes
and they're all gonna let them burn so
yeah he got mad said cutting up the nike
socks because colin kaepernick popped up
on the internet with swoosh on his face
the context for this ad is pretty
obvious Colin Kaepernick has protested
police treatment of minorities by
kneeling during the pregame national
anthem and now Nike is openly endorsing
his message by paying Kaepernick to
represent its brand so by the transitive
property people who hate Kaepernick now
hate Nike hence the flaming shoes this
whole ad campaign might seem like a
pretty big risk but actually Nike is
making the smartest bet that you can
make in the fashion and culture business
it's betting on black or more
specifically it's betting on black
people like Michael Jordan was famously
quoted as saying that he stayed out of
politics because Republicans I she's too
and yeah maybe they do but Nike knows
that not all customers are created equal
I talked with Ian Shafer who ran an ad
agency that's worked with Nike in the
past and he said Nikes probably not too
worried about alienating people I think
they're fairly insulated from whatever
fallout will happen from this and if
people want to hold on to this you know
and as a reason to never buy Nike again
I think Nike is very okay with losing
those people as customers they've now
come to the realization that the people
who wear that product namely you know
certainly like athletes and
skateboarders you know but they're also
their urban artists they are civil
rights icons they are lots of people who
contribute positively and and really
shape culture and I would say like
honestly but it's not very likely that
angry white you know 40 plus year old
men are gonna be the ones that are
actually creating culture so this is the
part where I remind everyone that Nike
is still a multinational corporation
they still have issues with sweatshop
labor and they still have issues with
diversity in their own company
and they're not that unique plenty of
other companies have also embraced civil
rights heroes usually after the fact
Nikes just doing it in real time also
they just wrapped an 8 year sponsorship
deal with the NFL so even if this whole
Kaepernick thing goes sideways they're
still gonna be making a bunch of money
off of football an apex marketing group
is reporting that in less than 24 hours
that ad campaign has generated more than
43 million dollars in media exposure so
don't think of this as some shoe company
suddenly becoming a warrior for social
justice it's one brand making a very
calculated decision and betting that its
brand is stronger than the competing
brand and in this case that competing
brand is not adidas it's this guy get
that son of a bitch off the field right
now out he's fired
you
you
