tonight shock election in the UK the
Democratic proxy war in Virginia and
legal interracial marriage 50 years
later a second federal appeals court has
upheld the Block on president Trump's
revised travel ban and yet another legal
defeat for the executive order the Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit said
the order discriminates against people
based on their nationality in that quote
immigration even for the president is
not a one-person show the issue is
already headed to the Supreme Court
because the administration is asked for
review of a similar ruling in the Fourth
Circuit the Maryland and District of
Columbia attorneys general or suing
president Trump alleging his continued
connection to his businesses violate the
Constitution's anti-corruption
provisions he doesn't appear to
understand or care about these
violations the Constitution the
Constitution he swore to uphold and
protect both attorneys general or
Democrats that plus the desire to
unearth Trump's tax returns in the
process could make the case easy to
dismiss as a partisan witch hunt DC
attorney general Karl Racine tried to
counter that argument today it Mark
Cuban or Zuckerberg and Facebook run for
president and 2020 and get elected and
they decide to continue their business
enterprises and their business
enterprises are getting money from
foreign governments will sue them too
Republican congressman Greg John forté
pled guilty to a misdemeanor assault
charge for body slamming Guardian
reporter Ben Jacobs the day before the
election for Montana's House seat
are you guys the last I became you did
the same thing John Forte's campaign
initially blamed Jacobs but he since
apologized and also settled with Jacob
to avoid a separate civil suit the judge
sentenced John forté to 40 hours of
community service 20 hours of anger
management and a 385 dollar fine but no
jail time Russian opposition leader
Alexei Navalny will be jailed for 30
days after he was arrested at home
before an anti-corruption rally police
claimed the protest Navalny planned in
Moscow were illegal because the location
was changed at the last minute but
Navalny was trying to run against
Vladimir Putin in next year's
presidential election said the Kremlin
was interfering and trying to undermine
the demonstrations thousands showed up
at sister protests across the country
and hundreds have been to tained
government forces celebrated
Independence Day in the Philippines as
the United States joined the fight
against militants aligned with the
Islamic state in Marawi the southern
island of Mindanao is still under
martial law the Pentagon says American
forces are just providing security
assistance and training and ever
approach any Americans will say that
Prime Minister Theresa May is clinging
to power in the UK four days after an
election that was a disaster for the
Tories may address party members today
in a closed-door meeting reportedly
telling them quote I got us into this
mess and I'll get us out of it it's a
mess she should have seen coming a year
ago another surprise election rocked
Britain as voters decided last June to
leave the EU Prime Minister David
Cameron's a remainer
stepped down giving way to his Home
Secretary Theresa May that May was never
chosen in the general election hardly
seemed to matter because the opposition
party labour was in such disarray after
the brexit vote standard-bearer Jeremy
Corbyn seemed to be about to lose his
leadership position entirely but corbin
had a plan shift the party back toward
its socialist roots with more money for
the government-run National Health
Service and more support for students
including scrapping university tuition
nervous centrists in the party leaked
his policy manifesto a week early hoping
that Labour's rank and file would reject
it instead they embraced them on a very
proud of the results that are coming in
all over the country tonight of people
voting for hope voting to hope for the
future they will remain Prime Minister
for now what the country needs more than
ever its certainty but nobody not even
within our own party expects her to
fight the next election which could come
as early as October and when it does
happen candidates will have to navigate
a political landscape far different from
the one they thought they knew
the Member of Parliament answering
Rossiter fail xxx Canterbury is the
definition of a conservative stronghold
voters here have sent tourists the
parliament for the last 100 years but
not this year
rosita field is Canterbury's first-ever
labour and plain thank you for letting
me say viewers it's all a bit of a shock
about the I'm John Deere MP but I'm here
in the 2015 general election the Tory
candidate assert a year incumbent win
again by almost 10,000 votes last week
da field beaten by 187 why do you think
that you managed to break that trend of
blue here in Canterbury young people
do you think Ansari reflected what
happens in the country this year's pride
parade was two fields first public
appearance as MP they young people in
attendance were a big reason for her win
there are 40,000 students in the city
and in this year's election there were
about 8,000 new voters many of them
including some of these students at
Canterbury Christ Church University
voted for the first time I mean you are
all students in 2015 as well weren't you
so is there a marked difference between
2015 and now must've I cannot be one of
a member of people talking about the
elections event it was very quiet action
wasn't it really a very fun it's even
more buzz about this election than it
was even along the referendum what is it
that has bought you guys out and
motivated and are the young people
really into the convention I think
there's a number of reasons I think
number one is called in and the fact
that he's actually in actually
manifested the other actually looks at
young people I think for so many years
you've had parties that don't even focus
on young people and I think secondaries
always brexit no one expected us to
leave the EU so young people again were
quite a pathetic towards it and they
didn't get involved whereas now they've
realized that they have to get involved
to actually make those changes the
message they sense has the Conservative
Party searching for answers the Tories
are still in power but with a
drastically weakened mandate and an
uncertain path forward Simon Kirke is a
Conservative leader in Canterbury the
key vote changer was that the youth vote
game came out and it moated the reason
pensioners get a great deal from the
government it's got patient's vote
reason young people don't get a good
deal from any government is that young
people don't vote now here we've had the
Labour Party turn it upside down aim an
arrow straight at that age group made
policy for them and they're gone thank
you very much and we'll reward you for
that but and the concern is alone aren't
going to know but it's not the only
factor and there are lots of other bits
and pieces well the other things full I
think to be absolutely honest
looking at it in the cold light of day
the Conservative Party didn't fight a
very good campaign
I don't seen the manifestos up to snuff
I don't think it had anything of young
people in particular it didn't have much
in it for anybody it was unreal it's
unrelenting the austerity and you've got
to have a message of hope in Canterbury
labour also got support from voters that
previously backed other smaller parties
like the Liberal Democrats in the UK
Independence Party Helen and her mother
Brenda are both first-time labor voters
this isn't labour heartland this isn't
where labour vote is traditionally a
problem I think brexit is really the the
main thing that has changed the two
different results because bricks it made
everybody realize that actually 60% kind
of of Canterbury is kind of liberal and
if we don't pull ourselves together then
this will happen again what about your
generation what are the biggest issues
for people like yourself I guess in the
long term you're thinking of I might be
fit to help you now but what about when
I'm not sorted in healthy it's a case of
I've paid my insurance I've paid my
taxes and now I've still got to pay
again I'm going to have to sell my
property so I can be looked after but in
2015 you didn't vote for the Labour
Party but those same issues were around
them why switch from the Liberal
Democrat to Labour this time around to
try and get for the Conservatives oh I
knew there is this big labour campaign
going on and I thought if enough people
do it and I can be one of those that do
it we my boat might count in changing
can't breathe
Missouri Senate met today as part of a
special session called by governor Eric
Greitens to consider further regulations
against abortion providers such as
annual inspections and emergency medical
protocols state legislators across the
country have placed more than 300
restrictions on abortion providers over
the last decade now it's harder than
ever to keep a clinic open and in seven
states would in Missouri there's only
one abortion provider left
we're resolute that we must stay open
because if we're not there there is no
one to take care of the women in our
state in our community we operate as a
doctor's office until governor Bevins he
started that we would need since we did
abortions we would need an abortion
license so then we have plasma license
and then they want to give us a license
they sort of control both ends of that
situation it mean in to them it's not
even about practicality it's about their
philosophical opposition to abortion in
North Dakota chamber guard opened the
first abortion clinic and she had
protesters at her home she was
threatened
she's calling 9-1-1 while her husband
floating the shotgun she put up with a
lot when we moved out of our old
facility it was taken over by the Alpha
Center which is a right wing crisis
pregnancy center and I used to get phone
calls from women that had thought they
were going to Planned Parenthood and
mistakenly gone to the Alpha Center
mirja care is a family practice urgent
care facility it is not an abortion
clinic I think that's an important point
because we feel it's just a part of
routine health care I think it's crucial
that we main here for women they have
nowhere else to go they can go to
neighboring states but why should they
have to be state to be able to provide
this service for with
tomorrow
Virginia holds its primary elections for
governor and it's another opportunity
for Democrats to show that they've
regained momentum after last November's
crushing defeat and that means fighting
the latest battle in a long-running war
about the party's future
Alexandra Jaffe has more
Ralph Northam is the Virginia lieutenant
governor he's an establishment Democrat
endorsed by just about every major party
figure in the state northen frames
himself as a pragmatic consensus builder
what do you see as the difference in the
North Dakota
he's your Hillary Clinton tom Perriello
is a former congressman and Obama
administration official the upstart
wasn't supposed to be a factor at all
but now the polls are closed sounds
familiar right
here's Perry ello during a midnight
campaign stop at a college bar the kind
of approach that dr. North and others
take really kind of aged out a
generation ago he's you're Bernie
Sanders Perry ellas even been endorsed
by the Vermont senator victory will be a
signal whole like Sanders Perry ello
faces an uphill fight to win so in the
final weekend of campaigning he spends
his Friday at a metro stop in Boston at
8 a.m. so have you voted yet I haven't
at 8 p.m. at an oyster roast in Cape
Charles thank you very much for let me
crash the party and at a truck stop in
Ashland at 2:00 in the morning how are
you doing good see ya how's business
tonight but if this is Clinton versus
Sanders 2.0 Perry L is trying to make
some improvements on the original
national narrative around this race is
that you're facing off in a burning
versus Hillary and rematch with Northam
what do you make of that do you think
that that's a fair comparison well we
like to think of ourselves as kind of
the greatest hits album but a remix that
includes trying to win over African
Americans in a way that Sanders couldn't
in Virginia they could make up 20% of
the primary electorate that has Perry
ello awkwardly barnstorming barbershops
we knew here to reach voters in the last
four days and nodding at the states
history of racial injustice Virginia is
the birthplace of American democracy and
the birthplace of American slavery so
we've always been at the forefront of
conversations about justice and liberty
but we've unfortunately also been at the
forefront in the worst end of America's
past neither candidate is a perfect
progressive Perry Ella was endorsed by
the NRA during his term in Congress
Northam voted for George W Bush twice so
they're trying to draw a contrast on one
major motivator in the race Donald Trump
the president's approval rating in
Virginia is at just 36% and opposition
to him is driving up Democratic
enthusiasm here I like broccoli
he seems very very down-to-earth and his
issues are basically anti-trump so I'm
kind of on board because of that it
sounds like Donald Trump has a big issue
for your this training why is that you
jackass it's also driving both
candidates in a race to the left over
who can be more anti Trump Donald
Trump's abuse of power is real I think
he's a narcissistic maining whoever wins
is likely to face Republican Ed
Gillespie a seasoned Politico who knows
how to compete normally that would force
the Democrats to stake out moderate
positions in the primary but this time
with Trump so unpopular here they're
willing to take the chance
today neil Gorsuch the newest justice on
the Supreme Court wrote his first
opinion on a pretty boring case about
debt collection he got unanimous support
from the divided bench but it was a
gimme it's part of a long-held
initiation ritual on the Supreme Court
to assign an incoming justice an
uncontroversial decision that all the
other judges agree on and the freshman
can expect a bit more hazing he'll have
to be the Gopher at all the courts
private meetings and be assigned to the
SCOTUS cafeteria committee he could
exert some influence there though
Elena Kagan the last justice to work in
the cast got a frozen yogurt machine
installed Gorsuch as culinary biases
aren't yet clear but his working
decision on debt collection today showed
his distaste for judicial activism
stating these are matters for Congress
not this court to resolve
I didn't realize how bad it was until we
got married
50 years ago today the US Supreme Court
ruled in favor of Richard and Mildred
Loving granting them and anyone the
right to marry a spouse of a different
race it was a historic moment for civil
rights in America but also a very
personal one we asked couples to mark
the anniversary by explaining what the
loving decision means to them and their
families these were simple country
people who were not activists there were
not civil rights people they were in
love you know we're talking about a time
when 40 states in America would regard
us as criminals and that's no longer the
case there's actually one simple issue
and the issue is maiya state prescribed
for marriage between two adults
consenting individuals because of their
race my parents were completely cool
with that they met Errol quite early on
I think a year after not not even a year
after well China and guess who's coming
to Venice of course it was a concern we
were all slightly naively I think and my
family not fully tuned in to to the
racial divide in America mine has never
been to my parent's home and he's not
welcome there for a little while I was
read the riot act
no not not just Bob hearing my parents
didn't know how to deal with it but my
brothers were pretty upset and we're
still finding our way my parents met lon
in May of last year they came to New
York one time Chris came to me as we
were at a family event and you know even
though he's coming from very liberal
very progressive very anti-racist family
that when they see me they see a black
woman and that that's always in the
interaction that I have with his family
I know this color I'm not colorblind
it's not that white folks aren't white
folks and black folks aren't black folks
but this particular white folk is my
soul mate and my best friend there's
never a time when we are in public when
I'm not aware that we're an interracial
couple when we walk into a room people
take knowledge okay
very early on black women made it
absolutely clear that this was not cool
I had as Jana to marry me on several
occasions and Sheba kissed and she
refused because I was serving in the
Senate and she was afraid that our being
married would impede or somewhere
somehow in care of my reelection if they
had been racist and held that against
him I would never have forgiven myself
because I could go on loving him without
a marriage certificate
the state is ignoring a very important
point and that is the right of Richard
and Mildred Loving to wake up in the
morning or to go to sleep at night
knowing that the sheriff will not be
knocking on their door or shining a
light in their face in the privacy of
their bedroom boy we're really getting
personal here folks
in her family praying that we don't get
pregnant and that's happening that was
told to Gail and I can't I can't fathom
that I think any preconceptions that
you're going to have that interracial
marriages for some eugenic reason don't
work just are shattered as soon as you
see a healthy child you can't look at
those boys playing they're healthy
they're loud they're skinned knees
they're perfect for me my concern was
that they would be prey to certain
social definitions of who they're
supposed to be I wanted their cultural
horizons and their their formation of
their own identities to be as open as
possible
my daughter referred to herself as
orange and she was little that was her
term so we did that she once drew a
picture of herself that was literally
half white and I am I as it was spooky
no one can articulate it better than
Richard loving when he said to me mr.
Cohen till the court I love my wife and
it is just unfair that I can't live with
her Virginia I'm the same age as Emmett
Till so it's 14 when I realized what
white people could do to black people in
this country and get away with it so in
its wife away at Butler University asked
me to date him I said no I don't date
white boys however if I had continued
with that attitude I would have missed
bill being married to John keeps me
accountable like I can never do they I
can't do they they are they because I'm
waking up to this this guy my husband
intermarriage is intensifying throughout
the country so that demographic fact
gives us a certain kind of legitimacy
not only us but our children so we
actually feel that we've been pioneering
and I think you learn do you want to
is all right that your matches have any
thank you for me the god-given right I
think that's vice news tonight for
Monday June 12
