tonight those were la his plane and I
was honestly concerned that he might lie
about the nature of our meeting
exit polls indicate that the United
Kingdom will likely be stuck with a hung
parliament Theresa May had called for
the snap election when polls showed her
party cruising to victory but after a
series of mishaps the race heightened
while May's conservatives will be the
largest party without a majority they'll
be forced to form a coalition or rule as
a stifled minority government hours
after a major attack by Boko Haram left
14 people dead
Nigeria's Acting President went ahead
with a pre-planned visit - Maiduguri the
city is at the center of an eight-year
fight with the Islamist militants we
want to establish a Caliphate there
Wednesday night's assault was the
largest in 18 months North Korea
launched four cruise missiles today the
tenth test this year and the fourth
since South Korea elected a new
president last month all
cornering is done according to pop even
larger issue John Sakata teaser no I'm
not the launch of water believed to be
surface to ship missiles comes a day
after South Korea announced it would
suspend the deployment of the US missile
defense system there iran's Foreign
Minister called president Trump's
statement on Wednesdays Islamic state
attacks in Tehran repugnant the White
House expressed grief but also said
quote state-sponsored terrorism risk
falling victim to the evil they promote
Iran's intelligence ministry said five
of the assailants were Iranians who
joined Isis at least 17 people were
killed in the attack the first carried
out by the Islamic state inside Iran
reality ly winner pled not guilty to
charges she leaked a classified National
Security Agency report on Russian
meddling in the 2016 election according
to a prosecutor the government
contractor also made comments about
burning down the White House in
notebooks the FBI found when they raided
her home on Saturday Weiner is the first
person charged with leaking classified
information under the trump
administration
so it's 9:30 a.m. I'm at a bar in
downtown Washington and people are
really pouring in here to watch the Jim
Comey hearings on both sides everyone
wants to figure out what was going on
what their collusion in the election and
I think that a lot of people oriented
eyes right now with four answers are
ready for the counting of the boxes
right now wasn't going anywhere and
we're losing ground in the face of
everybody to be all over to here see
it's great that people really care about
what's going on vertical climbing right
now I like the community aspect of it I
like feeling it Waltons bigger than
myself it was a circle of everything I
wanted to get in a place where American
English accent is some coloring of
Americans maybe is perfect country
letters we know we
not everyone took the morning off to
watch the proceedings but even in the
capital's busiest workplaces the Comey
testimony bumped everything else from
the agenda Hawaii senator mazie Hirono
is a member of the Judiciary Committee
and former member of Senate Intel she
spent the morning watching closely
linked by aids pointing out the biggest
developments from hearing aids whatever
he used to measure differences about the
election cycle after that he would like
to underscore said what you have to keep
anything or anyone about the student per
man in two seconds because we've lost a
couple yeah I was going to say it does
sound like he's talking more about you
know this broader issue of Russian
involvement and let us not lose sight of
that yeah that's what matters is a point
but but the obstruction part is very
much a part of the totality what we need
to get to the bottom of the hearing with
in some ways about chromosome behavior
he admitted he leaked memos about his
unsettling interactions with Trump to
the press pushed the investigation
towards a special counsel for his part
whom he tried to stay elevated and make
the hearing about the threat to
democracy they're coming after America
which I hope we all love equally they
want to undermine our credibility in the
face of the world they think that this
great experiment of ours is a threat to
them and so they're going to try to run
it down and dirty it up as much as
possible that's what this is about and
they will be back but inevitably
today was ultimately about president
and one of the biggest moments Hirono
noticed along with probably everyone
else who was watching was Comey calling
the president a liar and although the
law required no reason at all to fire an
FBI director the administration then
chose to defame me and more importantly
the FBI by saying that the organization
was in disarray that the workforce had
lost confidence in its leader those were
lies plain and simple and I am so sorry
that the FBI workforce had to hear them
and I'm so sorry that the American
people were told them there's a strong
word yes I noted that because it's not
often that somebody just comes out of it
that's a lie and that it really isn't
what do you make of that that's why I
said it sounded like a guy that that's
really Tony we want President Trump but
it came across to me was here's a guy
who really was doing his best and he
believes in the independence of the FBI
was in how important it is for the FBI
to be independent of any pressure
or anybody else that came across silly -
I was honestly concern that you might
lie about the nature of our meeting and
so I thought it really important to
document a major concern I have with
President Trump is in my view is lack of
what we consider values the value of
truth-telling the value of understanding
that in our democracy of freedom of the
press is an important part of our
democracy the value that they the
judiciary should be independent so those
are our ultimate fundamental American
values and I and what President Trump
does is just not pay attention to any of
those kinds of values and I think that
if we're not a country of values what
are we not much the price for out of the
hearing but she understood why Comey was
careful with his words in interactions
like this now you told senator Warner
that the president was looking to quote
get something looking back did that
dinner suggest that your job might be
contingent on how you handled the
investigation
I don't know that I'd go that far I got
the sense my job would be contingent
upon how he felt I excuse me how he felt
I conducted myself and whether I
demonstrated loyalty but I don't know
whether I go so far as to connected to
the executive
ultimately the decision on whether
anyone broke the law isn't really hers
or commis to make but personally the
former lawyer was convinced you have a
law background your evaluation do you
think it's obstruction of justice right
I think there is being out there that
one could conclude that that there was
interest ructions justice but again you
know the lawyer in me says we've done of
the kind of legal conclusions that you
want to be batting around but I say
there's enough there and also the idea
of abuse of power whereas even if this
is short of unlegal obstruction occurs
do you think the American people should
distress the president now can you for
SEC pretty much get that that he lies is
it to put it very bluntly
some senators might be convinced but Jim
Comey's testimony wasn't exactly a
knockout blow president Trump's lawyer
mark caso it's made it clear the White
House was gearing up for a long
protracted fight and they weren't afraid
to go after Comey is integrity in the
process it is overwhelmingly clear that
there have been and continue to be those
in government who are actively
attempting to undermine this
administration with selective and
illegal leaks of classified information
and privileged communications mr. Comey
has now admitted that he is one of these
leakers on Capitol Hill Republican
senators came prepared for another kind
of fight
they didn't debate the accuracy of Comey
story they debated what it meant he says
that the president was trying to
obstruct justice or just seek for a way
from Mike Flynn to save face given he
had already been fired the question is
whether Trump obstructed justice the
answer isn't as simple as a lot of
people want it to be an obstruction of
justice charge would require Trump to
have sought to influence or impede
commis investigation by either
threatening forcing or trying to quote
corruptly persuade him that means
proving that Trump didn't just casually
muse on the ideas Comey dropping the
investigation into Mike Flynn but that
he effectively ordered him to and when
Trump fired Comey it would have had to
be with the clear and specific intent of
ending those investigations this is
where Republicans see some wiggle room
is the president united states.we me
alone saying I hope this I took it as
this is what he wanted me to do no I
didn't obey that but that's why I took
it you may have taken it as a direction
but that's not what he said correct
that's what I said he said I hope those
are exact words correct you don't know
of anyone that's ever been charged for
hoping something is that a fair
statement I don't as I sit here thank
you thank you mister
it's a pretty thin argument but enough
for supporters of the president to say
that Comey didn't quite seal the deal
and that the most important takeaway
from his testimony is that Trump was
right all along
he hadn't been personally under
investigation for collusion with Russia
but that's old news now there's a
different question about Trump and a
special counsel Bob Muller
to look into it do you believe this
arise to the obstruction justice I don't
know that's Bob Muller's job to sort
that out
on April 5th 2010 the Upper Big Branch
coal mine known as UVB to locals in
Montcoal West Virginia collapsed after
an explosion 29 of the 31 miners on site
were killed it was the worst mining
disaster in 40 years in 2015
Don Blankenship CEO of the company that
owned the mine Massey Energy became the
first top executive in history to be
sentenced to prison for safety
violations just a few weeks ago
Blankenship walked out of a halfway
house after serving as 1 year sentence
he immediately launched a tweet storm
blasting regulators politicians and the
government for his prison time he filed
an appeal for vindication to the US
Supreme Court then the coal barons sat
down with Mike Smith I'd like you to
tell me your favorite nickname given to
you I'm trying to I'm trying to keep
track of them yes the Dark Lord of coal
that seems to be the one that's stuck
around a Dark Lord of coal yeah it's a
pretty good one what did you get out by
the way amazing it's May 10th what's it
been like well it's been an adjustment
you know you get a year behind this hard
to catch you yeah yeah been working on
catching up and you know connecting the
people that were supported and it's been
a lot of time done let's start on that
day on the day of the explosion when you
find out 29 if you guys died what's
what's going through your head at this
point another that's the worst thing
that's happened in my lifetime there's
no way to really describe it
the families are immediately hostile to
you correct yes they're hostile to
probably all the management we can see
you're kind of thinking right now it's
going through
there's just too much to say yeah I miss
my family this man has no remorse at all
he never post none of us he never told
us he was hearts of law happy and he
knows he could have done the right thing
y'all he had to do is make one of them
40 phone calls they you call checked all
productions if they shut it down and fix
everything but every few could do you
think that's fair well I mean I think
it's normal I mean I don't think you can
expect the situation to be fair in
regard to families or friends and you
expect fairness out the media or
fairness out of those that are observing
it versus involved in it so the federal
government in their report say this is
you know your fault this is because of
safety violations if you read the text
of the report and to get back to the
body of it we'll see that they say the
explosion might have begun with natural
gas actually we might be yeah yeah we
know it began with natural gas because
the ones ever seen that much natural gas
come out of a man following explosion
especially ignorant to say that you can
have three and half million cubic feet
of natural gas come out of a coma after
an explosion and the natural gas wasn't
the energy source for the explosion you
know it's funny though because the
government says that it was not a
natural gas explosion
is there no scientific evidence at all
to support their case and how do they
manage these reams of documents with no
evidence I can't explain to you half why
they do it or how they get by with I'm
telling you without any doubt whatsoever
this was a natural gas explosion how
many violations did you rack up and your
tenure I don't know how many
electability you but other kokum
director more demand you racked up a lot
let's be clear about something because
this is something that y'all like to
talk about violations that have been
occurred and been corrected don't cause
explosions this is about the fact that
the man blew up because of natural gas
when we look at this from the outside
okay
thousands of violations you look at 29
dead miners and you say well that's
they're right the you maybe mine had the
average number of violations that the 30
or so long wall mines in the United
States had violation count in the mining
business is not indicative of the safety
you get violations for cracking the roof
that occurs for water that gets into
mine during hard rains all kinds of
reasons you get violations what is it
like for you being widely disliked and
you said people accuse you of having
bloody grounds I can bear it and come on
your program and go anywhere I want to
say and tell the truth because I know
immense I know who I am
prior to getting into battles with the
Union I was sort of local you know I was
top of classroom in high school I was a
baseball player in the cofee leagues I
lived in the area but when you got into
the battle with the Union they blackened
me and I think these people that will
allow about what happened at UVB you
know they're not gonna like a
truth-teller in addition to that they
were able to take their political
advocate out of the system I was
probably the major player in converting
West Virginia from the blue straight to
a red state you refer to yourself as a
political prisoner yes why
so I'm thinking the President of the
United States declare you guilty before
the investigation and the former
governor now senator from West Virginia
says you got blood on your hands
that's pretty political you're out of a
gang you're out of the coal mining
business yes why I've been in prison for
a year and they've done probably I think
you probably have enough contacts and
probably have enough money in your back
pocket that you could get back into it
if you wanted to probably good but right
now my focus is to bring attention to
the truth did you have any thoughts when
you're in prison you had a year in
prison did anything change I came out at
minion in came a lot more knowledgeable
how corrupt the system is it's it's
frightening I do it from my personal
experiences I went through the trial and
it's a prison but the guys I met in
there so many of our
the victims of the government charging
people because the tragedy still
speaking of whether it's savings and
loan you know the bank thing whether
it's an explosion whether it's you know
Medicare fraud we've immunized
prosecutors and we give judges lap time
opponents and whatever they do they're
immune and human nature is that if
you're immune from punishment do you
have a tendency to carry out your
personal beliefs into others instead of
following the law it's a big problem
at an old white rally in Portland on
Sundays flag-waving Trump supporters
were surrounded by counter protesters
including hundreds of the masked
anti-fascist known as Antigua and t-boz
known for its aggression at protests and
has often been used to justify the rise
of violent right-wing demonstrators and
it turns out that's just one of many
parallels between the two opposing
extremes
jay caspian king spoke with two young
anti-fascist activists about the origins
of the group bob and tom are friends
they both like obscure Japanese video
games anime and punk music but over the
past six months they've had something
new to bond over Bob and Tom are now in
FIFA the anti-fascist organization whose
work you've probably seen in protests
around the country their names have been
changed in they wore masks to conceal
their identity
Portland where Bob and Tom live might
not be the most obvious setting for an
ongoing battle between white supremacist
and militant leftist but both Antigua
and hate groups have a long history here
organ in general has a history of being
kind of like a intended to be kind of
white utopia I mean historically like
black people couldn't even live inside
of the city
why does anti event such a big presence
here Aunt Edith started as a reaction I
think during the late 80s to white
supremacist violence and murder of
people of color in Portland and so they
formed an organization to be able to
identify and basically kick those people
out of the city it's hard to boil down
and keifa's believes to one idea but in
general they believe that fascist and
white supremacists will not listen to
reason or debate if someone in and keifa
a violent racist can only be dealt with
in one way the classic definition of
liberalism one said that like we should
conduct all debates and settle all
disputes to Reason conversation why is
that not an option here
if people aren't interested in talking
it out and then having their really
extremists like you change like some of
these people literally want the u.s. to
be like a European like Aryan homeland
it's so utterly disgusting incentive
that people will talk about these things
in a way of like it's almost a it's a
fun debate like hobby for them when for
other people that are just alive right
now your life and death situations for
them
before the election American Antigua
were mostly radicals from the punk scene
or lifelong activists but President
Trump and the rise of the alt-right
along with Antipa starring role in viral
protest videos has brought in a new
younger crowd who want to wear black and
mask out the all right they try and save
anime and Japanese video games belong to
them it's not true the need for
everybody many of the new and keifa come
from the same deep internet and video
game communities that birthday all right
before he joined an Tifa bob was a
frequent poster on 4chan and even got
involved in gamergate the online gamer
movement that helped launch the
alt-right
you're a part of these online
communities as well like 4chan gamergate
why did you not gear off to the halt
right I think part of it for me is I was
annoyed when it went from just trolling
to trying to attack people's real-life
identities and I also thought that there
was some time when it became less about
trolling and more people sincerely
voicing sexist views so after Trump won
the election people said that we needed
to have solidarity and do things to
protect immigrants or to make sure that
certain people's rights wouldn't be
infringed under Trump how much of this
is just sort of like a online cosplay
you know I feel like there is a pretty
strong element of that but there's a lot
of people there also just to voice their
own into your political views the
American flag so you can bring it the
reason why we picked up as Pepsi is
because just been a meme lately that
protesters like to give the police Pepsi
so Rose people often do throw them yes
but we think at a certain point there
will be a lot of chaos question is how
long the chaos lasts for before the
police can shut it down this will
fascist rate it is nothing they're just
nine days after the double murders of
two good Samaritans in Portland an
all-right group led by Kyle bass
stickman Chapman held a rally downtown
hundreds of ankitha in black masks
to drive them out the first few hours
went by uneventful E with we forming a
barrier between the two groups
the police eventually began pushing back
using tear gas and flashbang
as Bob and Tom and their fellow and HEPA
scattered the all right rally dispersed
fight broke out in nearby blocks and
some Antipa were able to track down
rally goers the remaining antiva formed
into black bloc and tried to March it
will quickly funnel downtown after a
couple of blocks they were surrounded
and peacefully surrendered to Portland
police kind of a surreal experience
walking around and seeing many other
peoples who look like you and if you
don't know who they are
you don't always necessarily know why
they were there but I have the strong
feeling of solidarity when I'm with the
black bloc it does make me feel
empowered I feel like my voice is louder
than a card it's just be walking down
the street my everyday clothes holding a
sign that's vice news tonight for
Thursday June 8th tune in tomorrow night
for the award-winning documentary series
vice
there are many who under become as large
of a religion extremists would like to
buy our civilization cut me who do you
think won the Atlanta hurt make you help
these children get they're not
terrorists so they have to
you
