I'm working to the difference of like
we're talking fashion and we're going to
start the conversation on a serious
night fashion often feels like a light
subject but it's a big business with a
dark side so how do you make the right
decisions about what to buy yourself and
the rest of the world tonight we're
going to find out and as always we'll
break down the issues in facts figures
dollars and cents I'm joined by a panel
of uniquely qualified experts eager to
answer this question what is the
business of fashion let's take a look at
this first at five thousand two hundred
eighty three gallons but how much water
it takes to make just one feature on one
pair of jeans and if that sounds like a
lot of us because it is it takes just 70
gallons in order to take a lot China
wanna take so much water so kind of make
those products well a lot of things go
into that statistic cotton is a hugely
water intensive craft
textile manufacturing takes a lot of
water there's a lot of chemicals in it
that themselves require sensitivity and
how they're handled so that they don't
sweep into the groundwater however a lot
of textile manufacturing takes place in
countries that don't have very strong
environmental or labor standards thank
you can we just set the tents per second
what do you mean by first question that
fashion um you'll see a trend on the
runway and then two weeks later it's in
your local fast fashion store I want to
try cars your your forever 21
those are stores that everyone can go
into they're very democratic however
they don't use the most ethical
practices when it comes to producing
those clothing so there is an impact so
you do have to think and be aware of
what you're buying and how it got there
you'll see clothing that is branded and
tagged made in America made in USA you
know that it was made here in the United
States from from start to finish
otherwise if you can just look inside of
your jeans or shirts and the tags and
see exactly where it's mating where it
came from that's a great point can I
quickly off everyone here how many of
you do actually think that how many of
you look inside your clothes to see what
was made before you buy the item quick
show of hands hmm
what about half the audience I have to
admit I'm seeing a little bit gets cool
hey funny thing because women are
because when you go shopping isn't your
driving first thought is these
gonna look good on me right I have to be
honest I think everybody was being a
little bit politically correct I really
don't believe a lot of people check the
label of the distribution point and the
manufacturing point before they purchase
something I have watched the whole sort
of sustainability happen in the world of
fashion and things being green and
people really pushing that movement but
everything that was Green was 30 to 45
percent more expensive and I can tell
you nobody bought it you might be
surprised to learn how much Americans
spend on their clothes one thousand one
hundred and forty-one dollars that's the
amount miss typical American spends
every year on apparel which breaks down
to 64 garments and eight pairs of shoes
maybe if you do the math on that that
works out at less than $20 per item
nothing's going be very crazy which
means that you know those item for $20
each they're not being made in a safe
and ethical place right and I pay for
shoes because anyone need eight new
pairs of shoes every year depending on
the first thing yes I'm on the person
who is the person that needs eight pairs
of shoes you know if you're working in
the business of fashion I think that you
do change out your wardrobe quite often
you you know you buy things you sell
things you give things away I don't
think that the fashion industry exists
to correspond to actual need it's not an
industry that intends to address need
it's an industry that exists to stoke
desire and to make money to profit off
of that desire so how can people make
sure that they're getting good value for
money that means clothes a relatively
cheap with good quality well I mean I
think that that's going to be relatively
expensive clothes aren't always great
quality either no way not that and my
justification isn't saying that just
because you buy designer brand you are
getting better made things a lot of
cropping fracturing happens and a lot of
these foreign factories so over which
you had to choose between buying people
buying expensive what would you say
I think it's personally I mean I can
only speak for myself I think it really
depends on the item when it takes an
audience about any questions the panel
yeah hi hi my name is Chelsea I just
wanted to know how could I could save
money and also be fashionable because I
noticed a lot of stylish clothes very
expensive I'm point to think that you
like the brands that you like the fabric
that you like and then track those
things wait for them to go on sale
don't buy four pairs of jeans for 20
dollars from a lower price store wait
and get that one pair that you really
want for $100 at least you'll know then
it's think that you won and
nine times out of ten hopefully if it's
more expensive it's a better quality and
it's made in a better place
good point if no twister 120 dollars
that's the price of Kanye West hip-hop
t-shirt collaboration with a PC thank
you for it and you know who you are paid
120 bucks for a white Egyptian cotton
Jersey with a PC Kanye silk-screened
inside the neckline so how does it away
with that call you well I mean look the
reality is that's what fashion house is
always about it's about interpretation
and like that's an example but I used to
say the example that you can buy Hanes
t-shirt for $11 or you could buy a Gucci
white t-shirt for five hundred and there
is always a market for that because
somebody out there bought it or they
wouldn't have made it but are those
people that are buying it idiot we want
of a better where did I just get
incontinent no I mean it's a big part of
the business I mean these artists are
out there of course they're working hard
with their music and everything like
that and they're making even more money
by incorporating fashion into their
businesses now and if their fans want to
take part of it I mean they should I
don't think it's a very different
customer I have to be honest like I
think the person buying an $11 Hanes
t-shirt at a local Kmart it can be a
very different person than the one who
buys the clowny t-shirt and they don't
care about Kanye West and they're not
targeting the same people he might be a
different person but it's kind of the
same product so are they still kind of
gained current way yes the quality is
very different you know I mean you're
gonna get kind of cool you be different
for a hundred million to do I mean I
think you strip it down yes it is the
same thing but it's different than going
to KFC and getting fried chicken there
versus going to market Samuelsson
restaurant and getting fried chicken
there I mean I think the reality is like
you you pay for the branding you pay for
the thing behind it but in essence
they're both Fried Chicken when you're
buying one hundred and $20 t-shirt from
a PC you are subsidizing in addition to
the the branding differences and the
percentage of that cell that's going to
Kanye you're also subsidizing a retail
footprint you're sort of probably in an
expensive area of town it's probably a
fancy boutique way but then the issue is
what kind of bothered me right now honey
West fans don't necessarily live in an
expensive part of town a lot of the
amounts of people on relatively low
incomes so we're going to aspire to buy
that t-shirt but can't isn't that a
little bit unethical
it's all well and good saying that's
just high fashion but when the people
that are really really struggling to buy
those items actually can't really afford
them but in the end is our aspirational
and I mean if I'm a t-shirt makes them
feel a little bit more connected to
somebody that they idolize you know they
appreciate what he does love his
artistry I think that you know it should
be okay if they're working for it and
they're being honest about it they
should be able to buy what they want
lots of young people find out about so
where else but on the internet look at
this statistic over nine hundred twenty
thousand that's the number of likes and
comments on just fifty one Instagram
posts by Tommy Hilfiger from the 2016
for New York Fashion Week Joan how is
social media training session oh it's
completely change fashion I mean I think
it's allowed everybody to be part of the
conversation so you like that look for
Tommy Hilfiger you just have to double
tap and that said to me like you
validated that and I think that says to
the designer oh we're going to do more
of this we're going to do more of that
you're actually influencing them they
can say unlike it was these people in
this area from this demographic and it
does inform some of what they're making
right they can do that yes they can get
very strategic with the analytics but
also at the same time you really can't
pinpoint exactly what people are going
to buy and what do they do with those
analytics then they track and see which
parts of the world are interested I mean
haven't been in a lot of these marketing
meetings I deal with artists and
celebrities and fashion they do track it
and the positive side of all of this
social media is that where once things
were kind of ruled by a couple of
magazines like Vogue and Harper's Bazaar
social media is kind of democracy in
action isn't it I think it can do yeah
if a social media offers are many more
points of entry than the traditional
sort of fashion system which was a lot
more closed and a lot more restrictive
yeah let's see if we have any other
questions from the audience yeah over
here hi my name is rashida
my question is so as someone who loves
fashion and clothes great how do I
figure out who to follow on social media
and who do not follow I would say you
know look for people that kind of like
look like you your style resonates would
you know and there's always hidden
messaging behind everything but I think
you can see past all those veil things
but again like just look for someone
that you can say I would wear that yeah
they'll take another question from the
audience hi I'm Sandra I
I want to look good I just sometimes
feel torn how do I not make mistakes and
when I take out my clothes
I build entire career on mistakes I
think that's what fashion is I think the
things that you make them it's like you
take a chance you try things because if
you just follow the bunch then nothing
ever gets nothing ever moves forward the
duty is in the mistake you have to try
things out I agree - yeah they still end
there we're saying I think I all agree
that seems like a good point in the show
so that does it for this edition of the
business of life I'd like to thank Jenna
Jo Matthew and all of you for joining us
we'll see you next time on the business
of life
thousands of life of the Apostle
recovering we have with the free
resources of practical knowledge and
take control of your quest
powered by Bank of America see more
better money habits calm
you
