it is time to exit the Paris Accord less
than a week after President Trump pulled
out of the Paris agreement at least 10
state governors and the mayors of more
than 200 American cities had recommitted
to the climate Accords emission
standards but Hawaii was way ahead of
the curve the state passed a law
enforcing even stricter clean energy
standards back in 2015 and they did it
to save money life in Hawaii looks
pretty good you know that everybody
knows that but there's a challenge to
living on an island in the middle of the
Pacific it's expensive and nothing is
more expensive than energy ninety
percent of Hawaiian energy comes from
fossil fuels and 100 percent of that
needs to be imported an average Hawaiian
family can pay up to $600 a month in
energy bills so Hawaii's governor has
set a goal to power the island
completely with renewable energy by 2045
how big of an issue is it for the
average Hawaiian the high-pressure
energy the cost of living in Hawaii is a
challenge electricity costs in Hawaii is
twice the mainland average we have been
the most oil dependent state in the
country it cost five to six billion
dollars a year to import that and and
really that's money out of our
community's pockets getting off oil by
2045 we'll take wind turbines volcanic
energy biomass recycling and ocean
energy Hawaii's biggest power source
will be solar how realistic is the 2045
goal I have a hundred percent confidence
that we're going to make it we already
know that we have the technology today
to generate more than we need you know
the challenge is really about how do you
capture it and deliver it to the
customer when they want to use it
a sunny day in Hawaii is so sunny the
electrical grid can't handle all the
solar power that's captured so the
state's opening giant battery field this
is the Tesla solar plant with battery
storage there's about 55,000 panels and
the largest natural battery system in
the world what's really great about this
is the energy goes into the battery so
when our peak load that's about eight
o'clock at night this project will be
providing energy for about 20% of the
island what do you think about to move
from people doing it individually on
their own homes to now serve industrial
sized and Kauai about twelve percent of
our members have solar on their roofs
but a price of these big massive
facilities about half the cost of
putting it out of roof
do you worry about relying so much on a
Silicon Valley startup yeah in fact we
do that's one of the reasons why the
next project we're doing is not going to
be with Tesla we're trying to not be so
tied to one provider or one technology
it's a risk management yeah meanwhile
Tesla is building the world's largest
battery factory the amazing thing about
these projects is that they're actually
cheaper than the alternative why isn't
all California one on better - there's a
lot of existing investment in big
utilities and you know that is one of
the challenges with changing things
quickly is that you know people have
made large investments that need to be
recovered for many many years
investments in oil and coal cracking
existing generation existing
infrastructure to support all that it's
why a kind of a case study or was it
just that the governor was receptive why
is a great example having an abundance
of solar power and also having fairly
dirty existing electricity generation so
we can come in and economically
substitute out these oil burning
generators with solar power
if this governor's plan is successful
Hawaii will become that much closer to
paradise we do see the impacts of global
warming and sea level rise and we
understand that what happens elsewhere
around the world has a tremendous impact
on us here in Hawaii we believe that a
future based on clean energy would
certainly be brighter than one built on
fossil fuel
