tonight so we're getting out the US
Embassy in Israel is staying in Tel Aviv
for now president Trump signed a waiver
to delay moving the embassy to Jerusalem
which he promised to do during the
campaign the White House says the
Embassy will move eventually and the
delay is only to help negotiate a peace
deal between the Israelis and
Palestinians which hinges in large part
on the status of Jerusalem the Dakota
access pipeline began shipping oil
between North Dakota and Illinois for
the first time today
president Trump greenlit the project
during his first week in office after
month-long protests by Native American
groups and environmental activists
citing concerns about water
contamination for tribes are still
fighting in court to shut down the
pipeline which is already leaked at
least twice the company behind the
project energy transfer partners says
Dakota access is quote one of the safest
pipelines ever built and does not
threaten standing rocks water supply at
an Economic Forum President Vladimir
Putin said that private Russian citizens
though not the government could have
been responsible for cyber attacks on
the American election system hideousness
today
the massive elliptical initiative
granite obelisk e-vector practical
fidelity mother's mascara she wasn't
with the suggest in the movement in many
Canadian teams but a report from the FBI
and the Department of Homeland Security
last December outlined an extensive
detail how the Russian government works
with civilian hacker groups to undermine
foreign elections the Philippine
government says ten soldiers were killed
in quote friendly fire during airstrikes
that were targeting Isis linked
militants in Malawi the military is in
its 10th day of its offensive against
the rebels and president rodrigo duterte
has declared martial law at least 19
civilians 39 troops and 120 rebels have
been killed federal safety inspectors
issued citations to Wisconsin's Didion
milling plant back in 2011 six years
before an explosion at the corn mill
killed at least one worker on Wednesday
night OSHA inspectors flag that workers
are being exposed to fire and explosion
hazards the plant paid a fine of $3500
and promised to correct the problem the
case was closed in 2013 thus as of today
the United States will cease all
implementation of the non-binding Paris
Accord and the draconian financial and
economic burdens the agreement imposes
on our country and with that Donald
Trump pulled the United States out of
the most comprehensive climate deal in
the history of the planet and the best
hope of limiting continued global
warming Trump spent most of the 28th
minute Rose guarding speech talking
about economics the Paris climate Accord
is simply the latest example of
Washington entering into an agreement
that disadvantages the United States to
the exclusive benefit of other countries
leaving American workers who I love and
tax squares to absorb the cost but when
he did talk about the Paris agreement
he was almost entirely wrong even if the
Paris agreement were
lamented in full with total compliance
from all nations it is estimated it
would only produce a two-tenths of one
degree think of that this much actually
the Paris climate agreement wasn't going
to reduce global temperatures at all the
goal was always to cap the rise in
global warming at two degrees Celsius
and even that goal meant coming to terms
with the future in which tidal areas
disappear climate refugees are a daily
part of life in Sudan water scarcity
could lead to greater violence between
people and countries Paris was hardly
optimistic India will be allowed to
double's coal production by 2020
think of it India can double their coal
production we're supposed to get rid of
ours actually India has canceled plans
to build nearly 14 gigawatts of
coal-fired power stations claims of
China getting a better deal are just as
baseless but that's not even the point
part of the reason 194 other parties
signed on to the Paris agreement is that
it doesn't actually require any of them
to do anything specific these got to
pick their own path to reaching their
commitments so in the United States
wanted to for example double coal output
in quadruple solar it could do that it
would break the pledge but there are no
consequences for breaking it the entire
agreement is a giant global pinkie
promise in which everybody tries to do
the right thing for the planet as The
Wall Street Journal wrote this morning
the reality is that withdrawing is in
America's economic interest and won't
matter much to the climate the numbers
are pretty simple if the US doesn't
drastically reduce its current carbon
output it will be responsible for an
additional point three degrees celcius
of global warming by 2100 and it's not
like other countries could simply pull
more weight according to a study in
Nature climate change any delay from the
United States makes the overall target
of limiting warming to two degrees
unreachable
you can say it was a job speech you can
say it was a brilliant tactical speech
that will allow Trump to renegotiate
four terms that benefit Americans and
some Trump supporters will say that what
you can't say is that Trump speech was
fluent in the facts of the very
agreement he's pulling out of the United
States pulling out of the agreement
won't stop it from going forward at
least three world leaders have already
come out to reject the idea of
renegotiating Paris in speaking
alongside German Chancellor Angela
Merkel this morning Chinese Premier Li
Keqiang affirmed his country's
commitment to the agreement it was a
powerful visualization of how Trump's
america-first agenda is bringing
America's competitors closer to each
other and to the Americans who helped
hammer out the deal it's a gut punch
Todd Stern served as special envoy for
climate change during the Obama
administration evan McMorris Santoro
spoke to him earlier today I guess my
question is aren't you just kind of
bummed out well I'm not happy but but I
guess two things first of all I don't
think it's the end of the Paris
agreement I really don't you know I
noted what Trump said during the
campaign which was I'm going to cancel
the Paris agreement and I wrote a short
piece saying actually not going to
cancel the Paris agreement is you know
the power account to cancel the Paris
agreement even assuming you win this
election because there's 195 countries
and it's not going to fall apart it's
really bad for the United States to pull
out and get me wrong but but the Paris
agreement is going to survive
individuals at the United States federal
government involved it's doable without
the United States federal government
involved for a few years okay
right I mean in the short body this is
not going to kill us but it's certainly
going to be unhelpful we are making
changes but we aren't making them fast
enough I mean the game here is to
accelerate the pace it's not help it's
absolutely not helpful to have they have
the US federal government kind of taking
a walk on this a lot of trumps voters
and Trump supporters are skeptical of
this agreement it's a very partisan
issue in this country do you feel like
people who advocate
for climate change are doing something
wrong part of this has to do with
messengers as well as message to people
as though they're ignorant when they
have reservations about climate change
or aren't sure about it and just say you
know we debates over what's the matter
what sort of sort of like what what's
with you I mean when that's the when
that's what's radiating out from from an
interlocutor you're not going to not
going to win anybody over but what is
that you the China is staying in this
thing it says to me that the China knows
this is a big big deal and it's not
going to go away and I think all
countries know that that again what is
the undeniable fact that you can't wish
away climate change you can't wish for a
climate change they don't want us out
but they're going to take advantage of
extra leadership role the people that
they're going to happen that people are
going to look at them for and I think
China's going to step sometimes in a
plane a leadership role but people want
the United States to be in the game and
they want the United States to be in the
game the way they understand the United
States historically to be in the game as
a country with that cares about its
reputation and its standing at X with
honor and and is you know as madam as
Madeleine Albright said the
indispensable nation that's what the
United States has been that's what word
that's what we're squandering right now
and that's what that's what the
president is team two decided they don't
care about what's motivating the
administration to pull out of the Paris
agreement is the potential to keep a
major campaign promise bringing jobs
back to coal country but the demand for
coal is already drying up next week the
last coal plant in New England will
close down and in the Trump stronghold
of Adams County Ohio two more on the way
out
the jobs we lost went to power plants
closed next year in Adams County Adams
County leaders have some tough choices
to make in the coming months because of
a potential loss of 8 million dollars in
tax revenue it's all because of the
announced closing of the kiloton Stewart
electric generating power stations along
the Ohio River every day I get up around
5 o'clock get myself ready for work
I work at the Dayton tire and light
killin station and they're pretty much
my whole adult life I started up there
right after I turned 21 years old my
job's paperwork computer work unloading
trucks work lifts the power plants
pretty much all I know I'm 56 years old
and I'm going to lose my job here in
around 14 months and I'm not sure what
I'm going to do
it's so scary to think about having to
go to another job I mean no disrespect
to my documents and I work at McDonald
if that's what it takes to get health
insurance but I don't know how I'll be
with the public after works such a
closed setting in a man's world
a lot different it scares me to think of
what's going to happen to the
communities because Dayton Power and
Light is the biggest work force in the
community
all right good seeing you there anyway
we have recently learned that DP NL has
elected to exit Adams County and and
we're quite fearful on what this will
mean to our local economy
Dayton Power and Light has two
coal-fired plants right here on the Ohio
River
for 700 jobs to a small community of
28,000 people is significant what it
means the Adams County is we are
estimating about thirty five million
dollars and salaries they also pay nine
million dollars in property taxes to our
local County once that leaves that will
represent about 30% of the total
property tax budget in Adams County
they're really pulling out 50 million
dollars out of this local economy
everybody is trying their best
the catastrophe in our way spelling of
your brain that the powers that the
intimus will sympathize with York's we
do all we can do down here
but we really need their help in this we
may be just a small drop in a big bucket
but we're still somebody I didn't vote
for Hillary or for Donald Trump I voted
for God I wrote Guardian because I think
everyone is gonna be able to stay
we have about nine hundred and
thirty-five students pre-k through 12
when the plants closed we would lose
about five and a half million dollars
out of what was an eleven million dollar
budget so we lose 50 percent of our
funding stream were simply insolvent
when you lose that percentage of your
revenue you're just simply dead in the
water you can't make enough cuts or
adjustments to run on that kind of a
budget and still maintain the minimum
standards that we are supposed to
maintain for our boys and girls this is
stewar station I've worked here about 14
years I'm a higher plant operator
chemist as my job title I take care of
the water quality here the plant right
now I mean there's a lot of unknown in
the community and there's a lot of worry
I've got a fourth grader that comes home
and that's what the kids are talking
about school as bad you know or they're
going to shut down the plant what are we
going to do if the school loses all the
funding was the the arts the music the
athletics there's already talks of
teachers being laid off after school
programs being cut looking at my kids
and what's best for them I probably need
to leave the community
how school and nobody wants to I mean
this is home anyone wants to leave home
so a lot of people thought with Donald
Trump's presidency that they would save
cold coal plants would be saved I don't
know that the you know who was our
president mattered one way or the other
we've reached out to Trump through
letters Twitter those types of things
and Trump has never responded in any way
we were told when they announced that
the plant was closing that Trump
couldn't save us so I don't believe he
can I believe it's too far gone for me I
don't know what's going to happen I
don't know if I'll get to keep my house
my children have offered me a place to
live but you know I've worked for this
and and I want to retire in my home so
I'm afraid I'm afraid and I'm sad at the
same time
the looming general election in the UK
now just seven days away was supposed to
be a romp for the Tories it might not
turn out that way
polls show the race narrowing much more
than Prime Minister Theresa May
anticipated and she's got no one to
blame but herself one thing you can say
about elections the post-mortems are
going to be fun what they achieve you've
investigating is how previously
invulnerable politician screwed things
up the whole reason to read the may call
selection just because she was so
certain she was going to smash it so
what happened well personally Mays
campaign was going to plan until she
showed her plan to running the country
after trouble-free months she published
her manifesto
at the heart of which was a scheme to
make elderly people needing care pay for
it with their own homes what was swiftly
labeled a dementia tax called the uproar
not least among wealthy retirees it just
happened to be the people most likes
about conservatives the impact was
immediate not so much a policy as a
piece of political self-harm and within
days may have dumped it isn't this
u-turn really just a cynical attempt to
stop voters leaving you intro'd look
first of all let's be clear we have not
changed the principles that we set out
in the manifesto Niebuhr her polling nor
her standings recovered the gun force
errors have been made against Labour's
Jeremy Corbyn a leader who the king of
the unforced error how much will it cost
to provide unnamed tested child care for
1.3 million children it will cost it's
quite troubling this is a policy of
launching today mr. Corbyn you don't
know how much it sounds close adjust the
polls for who's actually going to bother
voting and Mei will still wake up on
junior nights as Prime Minister whereas
for the people around Corbin the key
question is where the latest losses will
be respectful enough for them to save
off yet another leadership challenge
which he fumbled an easy election and
exposed one of the chief weaknesses made
scores when he promises to deliver
breaks it Apolo
she opposed but which would impose on
her by the public her own policies have
been her undoing main campaigns the
leader while only winning by promising
to do what she's been told today more
than a hundred of the world's most
powerful businessmen financed ears and
politicians assembled in Chantilly
Virginia for the annual Bilderberg
meeting Bilderberg is a sinister
conspiracy of the global elite designed
to amplify the power of big business and
to create a new world order that we
replace national democracies with
one-world government indeed please the
Bilderberg meetings started in 1954 the
Cabal has among other things concocted a
secret plan to use American and British
intelligence agencies to topple the Shah
of Iran and replace them with the
Ayatollah Khomeini orchestrated the USA
vision of the rock camp it Barack Obama
to be the president of the United States
and arranged for extraterrestrials to be
given an island in French Polynesia from
which they could monitor the behavior of
earthquakes but only according to the
internet in reality Bilderberg is a
three-day conference where powerful
people meet to stroke other powerful
people
it's like Davos which is more opaque no
record of the proceedings has ever been
made public which is just part of the
reason it's the favorite target of
conspiracy theorists including Alex
Jones the belief that Bilderberg is full
of puppet masters whose far too
flattering and the years since the last
conference was held at the Totenberg
Palais & Dresden Germany the u.s.
elected the ultimate anti-globalization
president and the UK voted to leave the
European Union it's almost like
Bilderberg has no power at all or maybe
that's just what they want us to think
Haier Beach fossils love
it's just one of the songs that festoon
if it started coming together it just
felt really right when we sit down to
write a song usually I just like to
start on bass because I feel like that's
a good foundation for the song in
general it's just a really good backbone
we would come up with like a riff or
something that works and then you know
one of us would be like oh I hear what
the guitar could be doing here
so the beat for saying IV I guess you
were playing in this in the studio yeah
yeah and it goes like like the whole
time in the studio like when we were
trying to get the drum stones we were
referencing like you know DJ Shadow and
like blue tang yeah we were just trying
to like mic the drums and record the
drums that sound the same way they did
on those old records
we booked like trio in LA like the night
before we were going into the studio and
they started playing it and I literally
started crying because it worked and it
sounded so good I was like I can't
believe we actually pulled this off this
guy who played flute and he just came in
and for like an hour and left and just
like we were like just go crazy
we ended up kind of like chopping it up
the way you kind of would chop up like a
sample drumbeat or something yeah like a
piece from from this run that he's done
and then put it into like a different
pieces and just kind of chop that up
together and yeah yeah it's enough
pretty cool yeah you're just MIT playing
with what we like and what we were
listening to you know it was just a
byproduct of us collaborating this is
what the sound was
I think that's what came out yeah that's
fights news tonight for Thursday June
first tune in tomorrow night for the
award-winning documentary series place
only the charge only chapattis how much
longer do you think you'll be fighting
for and then while laughing on
on an elastic if you have to kill come
on command why God why did it go and
what book
you
