ira beach fossils love it's just one of
the songs that as soon as it started
coming together it just felt really
right when we sit down to write a song
usually I just like to start on bass
because I feel like that's a good
foundation for the song in general it's
just a really good backbone we would
come up with like a riff or something
that works and then you know one of us
would be like oh I hear what the guitar
could be doing here
so the beat for say na√≠vi I guess you
were playing in the stick in the studio
yeah yeah and it goes like like the
whole time in the studio like when you
were trying to get the drum sounds we
were referencing like you know DJ shadow
and like blue tang yeah so we were just
trying to like mic the drums and record
the drums that sound the same way they
did on those old records
we booked like trio in LA like the night
before we were going into the studio and
they started playing it and I literally
started crying because it worked and
it's knotted so good I was like I can't
believe we actually pulled this off this
guy he played flute and he just came in
and for like an hour and left and just
like we were like just go crazy
we ended up kind of like chopping it up
the way you kind of would chop up like a
sample drum beat or something yeah like
a piece from from this run that he's
done and then put it into like a
different season just kind of chop that
up together and yeah yeah it turned out
pretty cool yeah we were just playing
what what we like and what we were
listening to you know it was just a
byproduct of us collaborating this is
what the sound was I think that's what
came out yeah
you
