over the weekend the Ringling Brothers
and Barnum & Bailey Circus and it is 146
year run with a final show in New York
the beginning of the end came a year ago
when the company finally stopped using
elephants in its shows
animal activists celebrated but
attendance plummeted an America's most
famous big-top folded but the demise of
Ringling Brothers isn't the end of the
road for the circus or the elephants
small traveling circuses still
crisscross the country with their
biggest performers in tow people like
tradition even if they've never been see
ringing because they know the name and
that it's going to be gone forever but
circus isn't dead we're coming my name
is John Ringling Norton ii I was born
into the Ringling Brothers Circus and
now I'm lucky enough to be the owner of
Kelly Miller circus being around this
circus takes me back to when I was a kid
I first appeared in research as I was
eight as a clown his family sold the
circus that bears his name in 1967 John
Ringling North is now the only member of
the Ringling clan that's still in the
business but he runs the Kelly Miller
circus which he bought in 2006 I was 66
and probably won't get another shot at
this so I found out how much it cost I
bought it and I don't regret it
we opened in first week in March and we
generally closed the last week in
October in between we traveled through
18 states and 10,000 miles you know when
you're in Hollywood they do your makeup
for you but we're not in Hollywood we're
in Ohio
for a smaller operation or demographic
is different we go to small-town America
we bring the circus of people's doors
we're easier to go to we do good with
small towns that don't have Walmart
the second welcomed you to an angel to
life all never would bring wonder see it
takes 18 performers and a crew of 33 to
produce each show ticket for $8 for kids
and 16 for adults the 10 holds just
1,200 people that's a long way from the
crowds of 10,000 that the Ringling
Brothers regularly drew hold on to your
horses
here come the elephants I don't think
it's a circus without the elephant the
elephants bring both business has always
wanted to ride an elephant so we'll see
how they can
and protesters they apparently helped
business they get press coverage and
people know we're here I often go out
and thank them in which they hate animal
rights activists may have forced
Ringling to drop its main attractions
but the Kelly Miller circus says it's
elephants aren't going anywhere
elephant handler trainer caretaker the
tallest and we're just here to take care
of the elephants this is open to the
public
we're not hiding anything we're still
going strong and we want to keep it
going as long as we can
Ringling North said the circus isn't
always welcome we have Bridgeton New
Jersey canceled three weeks ago they
passed a law you can't bring circus
animals we found another time get your
picture taken with a bomb go away I
think circus like this will keep going
there'll never be another giant tree
ring circus but this is do you have a
much better chance
Oh
