tonight the mastermind of right-wing
media drops dead a presidency up for
grabs in Iran and a king's welcome
awaits Trump in Saudi Arabia they want
their their old reliable ally back
a 26 year old driver crashed into a
crowd of pedestrians in Times Square
killing one person and injuring at least
22 others New York City Mayor Bill
DeBlasio said there's no indication that
this was an act of terrorism after
roughly nine hours of deliberation by a
jury Tulsa Police Officer Betty Shelby
was acquitted in the killing of Terrence
Crutcher an unarmed black man police
cameras captured the shooting and
clearly showed Crutcher standing with
his hands above his head in the wake of
the verdict
Tulsa's mayor pledged to address
inequality in the city we recognize that
this issue the issue of racial disparity
in Tulsa is the great moral issue of our
time
the Federal Communications Commission
approved a plan to remove net neutrality
protections despite massive public
opposition FCC Chairman Ajit PI said the
rewrite would undo the current rules
overreach but the dismantling of net
neutrality is expected to benefit large
Internet service providers at the
expense of smaller companies and
consumers it contains a hollow theory of
trickle-down internet economics
suggesting that if we just remove enough
regulations from your broadband provider
they will automatically improve your
service despite UN sanctions the first
North Korea Russia ferry service
completed its first voyage the tourist
ferry which will sail once a week is
operated by a Russian firm
soon
it was energy sukhothai everybody ever
see Donald Trump changed his explanation
for firing FBI director James Comey yet
again today I actually thought when I
made that decision and I also got a very
very strong recommendation as you know
from the Deputy Attorney General rod
Rosen Stein but when I made that
decision I actually thought that it
would be a bipartisan decision last week
Trump said he had already made up his
mind to fire Comey before Trump's new
statement also contradicts what
Rosenstein told senators during a
closed-door briefing just hours earlier
president Trump departs tomorrow for his
first foreign trip as commander-in-chief
he's scheduled to attend a NATO summit
in Brussels a week from today but on his
way he's penciled in an ambitious
reconciliation mission that will take
him to the cultural capitals of the
world's three major religions it's
getting complicated already Josh Hirsch
has more tomorrow Donald Trump is doing
something that's probably not such a bad
idea he's getting the hell out of town
his first stop on his first foreign
travel as president Saudi Arabia
it's an unusual choice in a way there
are much closer relationships that need
tending to Mexico for one or Canada
where President Obama went for his first
foreign trip but this is an upside-down
world in Israel where Trump goes for his
trip second stop he meets with one of
America's closest strategic allies at a
moment when many there are fuming at him
Israeli officials were not happy to
learn earlier this week that Trump had
shared their highly classified
intelligence with the Russians
potentially risking the safety of their
source but that wasn't the only recent
stumbling block last weekend Secretary
of State Rex Tillerson dropped the news
that the u.s. might not after all
removing its embassy from Tel Aviv to
Jerusalem it's I think in large measure
the president is being very careful to
understand how such a decision would
impact a peace process in response there
have been embarrassing leaks lots of
them Trump reportedly refusing to visit
the historic Masada site which has
special meaning to the Israelis because
he couldn't take a helicopter Trump
reportedly declining to spend more than
15 minutes at Yad Vashem the Holocaust
Memorial even Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu's office has gotten in on the
game releasing verbatim quotes from a
conversation he'd had with Trump that
contradict the administration's account
of that call
I spoke to Martin Indyk a former US
ambassador to Israel about the trip he
has created an expectation that he would
be Israel's best friend and then he's
done things which have led them to
question are whether he really got that
his room
or that he knows what he's doing there's
a fairly high risk that things could go
wrong and given the way that the White
House is distracted by everything that's
going on in Washington I think that
increases the risk so in personally I'm
going to be holding that bitch given all
that the Saudi trip is starting to look
more and more like a cozy landing pad
Trump has reportedly been dreading the
travel but foreign trips are what make
presidents look presidential
and in Saudi Trump will be welcomed as a
friend Obama's support for Saudi Arabia
was always more grudging it came late in
the fatigues of the country's human
rights record and its history of
financing terrorism Trump brings none of
that and in return they'll get the
treatment he may have always demand
being president entails opulent mansions
golden furniture and a break from the
criticism that's so clearly making him
miserable
this is a 600-mile wall along the Saudi
border with Iraq it's a series of fences
ditches and obstacles to prevent people
from crossing into Saudi Arabia the
Saudi started the project in 2006 to
prevent sectarian violence from spilling
across the border but to the commanders
here it feels even more vital since Isis
seized parts of Iraq happy mother or
that can inform on solution idea did how
I did sir me at ski limited this is a
lot of obstacles before you built this
for people like barreling through or is
this more symbolic kind of said Nadine
that Kamiya Ted even cut that off and
that's their community commander
Brigadier Ali Allah seer he runs the
border patrol here his predecessor was
killed in an Isis led terrorist attack
at a nearby post two years ago Saudi
officials see Trump's arrival as
renewing a key alliance
they've praised Trump's bombing campaign
in Syria as a return to more active
American military engagement in the
Middle East after the Obama years the
absence of the United States and general
from the region actually not to act
against countries who harbor terrorism
means actually you're left alone you
know facing the problem we believe in
Saudi Arabia that ISIL was created
specifically to target Saudi Arabia for
decades Saudi money financed extremism
through charities funding organizations
like al-qaeda now you're in a position
of building defenses against something
that some Saudi money helped create we
have done a lot actually we blocked
transferring money through Saudi banks
to other to some international banking
accounts after we get information that
those accounts outside Saudi Arabia were
used to finance terrorism
the fact that policies in the past might
have been misused to quote support
extremist values and ideas is something
in the past whoredom Fraker was george w
bush's last ambassador to Saudi Arabia
what does the Saudi government want most
from the US right now
they want their their old reliable ally
back this administration is saying the
right things in terms of what the Saudis
and the Emiratis and everybody else in
the Gulf wants to hear of all of this is
music to the ears of everybody out here
the Obama administration had said it
would halt arm sales to Saudi Arabia
because of the kingdom's brutal bombing
campaign in Yemen by contrast Trump is
working on a massive arms deal with
Saudi Arabia that reportedly will ask
very little in return I think this
administration rightly doesn't want to
give the impression that it's a
reluctant Ally that you know it's
shoulder to shoulder with the Saudis in
the Emiratis and it probably doesn't
come with restrictions so it won't come
with it I'd be hugely surprised if they
came with any restrictions it may seem
like an odd match President Trump has
repeatedly called for a Muslim ban Saudi
Arabia prides itself on being the
birthplace of the religion
prior to his inauguration Trump was an
outspoken critic of the kingdom but now
he's president the relationship between
the US and Saudi Arabia has always been
importantly hinged on the interpersonal
relationship between the king and the
president do you think Trump's
personality will mesh a little more with
the Saudi King I think so he's he's very
much a businessman people person which
the Royals react to positively in many
ways will put the relationship back on
track
what do you think the Trump agenda is
gonna be in Saudi Arabia talking about
family God faith all these things that
allow this relationship to to be
cemented at a personal level is is
critically important and much more
important this first visit than having
an agenda of items to actually go
through President Obama came out here
like a lawyer yet a yellow pad full of
items he wanted to tick off in his first
meeting in the kingdom in the Kings home
this is not what the first meeting is
all about the people we met on the
street of Riyadh seemed to be
approaching the visit as an opportunity
to get to know Trump country star Toby
Keith will be playing a concert that
coincides with the visit it's only open
to men tell me a little bit more about
why you like Trump Panama Karima smile
Kalavati indeedy that were Mac a lotta
fear the heart of Masseria have been on
Giada initial on a shell analogy Deb has
allowed now to be in an ammo
why were you initially nervous about
trauma
Halil a mannequin available al-amin
Islamic and with horsemen observe rof
karo able to a little rehearsal trol
heather mccanna tomorrow window I'll go
chrono SS Konoha Alma Canyon islami
and I will member ellisa I'm a one-goal
a new home yeah you know I'm a new
little Eagle I know no guru no sir
Shelia Trump's visit to Saudi Arabia
will be watched closely by the Saudis
rival across the Persian Gulf Iran which
is dealing with political upheaval of
its own Iran Ian's are voting in
presidential elections Friday the
incumbent favors more engagement with
the US but his challenger is running on
the opposite message a more aggressive
approach to dealing with the West
this is a crucial election for Iranians
it's shaping up as a referendum on the
nuclear deal that Iran signed two years
ago giving up its weapons program in
exchange for lifting sanctions the
question in this election is where the
Iranians are seeing the economic
benefits they were promised when the
deal was being signed president Hassan
rouhani is running for another term and
he's favored to win he styled himself as
a reformer who can advance Tehran's
interests by working with the outside
world
oh yeah they figure he shaft or Omid a
Iran Bashi vanaf re them are coming your
honor
rouhani needs his base to get out and
vote he's popular with younger voters
women in the middle class
generally speaking the kinds of people
who might favor closer ties with the
West but rouhani has a lot of critics
they say Iran isn't getting enough for
the compromises it agreed to make
unemployment here is still over 12% and
that's giving life to rouhani's main
challenger Abraham Racing then as a man
ham issues and Nigeria in Meerut a
cardan house was overrun if they sadly
Ferengi a2 was a most LF bad for that
race he is a hard-line conservative he's
promised millions of jobs for the poor
and he's also promising changes to
Iran's foreign policy
if I easily gets enough support to hold
rouhani under 50% he'll force a runoff
vote next week I think it RACI be the
President of Iran we will be like this
equality between countries not
masterhood we are the people who tried
and made our country like this we will
face it with power and honor there are a
lot of questions about what a ryi
presidency would mean for the West
we'll know by late Saturday when the
results are expected and Iranians will
find out if this contest moves on to a
second round
Americans are simple but not simpletons
they're very smart they love their
family they love their flag it's
possible roger ailes believes that but
what he believed and what he sold were
easily confused Ailes was the most
successful American propagandist of the
past 50 years he started as a TV
producer at the Mike Douglas show but
taste wasn't his unique gift audacity
was so the men who then wanted to be
President Richard Nixon in 1968 at age
27 he met presidential candidate Richard
Nixon and told him television is not a
gimmick and if you think it is you'll
lose again
Nixon hired Ailes is a media adviser and
by putting the candidate into
tightly-controlled town halls with
astroturf questions from regular people
he performed his first miracle making
dick Nixon likable Ailes routinely
performed television miracles he put
lines in the mouths of presidents I will
not make age an issue of this campaign I
am NOT going to exploit for political
purposes my opponents youth and
inexperience
he turned cable news into a barrage of
compulsively watchable paranoia inducing
alerts oh and he invented the leg cam
because Ailes was also a sexist pig
all of this diabolical talent showed up
in the way he reshaped right-wing
politics Barack Obama raised as a Muslim
this is huge
fusing racism xenophobia populism and
fear of terrorism into a dominant
political force without him the idea of
a donald trump candidacy would be
unlikely place that's a good place do
you know were you going and without him
president donald trump would have been
impossible thanks Roger
earlier this week the internet caught
wind of its Australian TV interview with
luxury property developer Tim Gerner
when I was trying to buy my first time I
wasn't buying smashed avocados for 19
bucks and four coffees of $4 that's real
that people actually young people
actually end up just spending their
money and then whinge about the fact
they can't get into the property my god
there's no question it's real the
internet was incensed at Garissa
Spurgeon's and also snarky its entire
range of - emotions were on display
particularly when it's surfaced - that
like many of today's famous
self-starters gonna receive a small loan
from his grandfather of $34,000 or to
put that in terms Millennials will
understand just under 1,800 avocado
toasties donors was only the latest
unprovoked attack on the humble avocado
which has become an unwitting mascot in
an intergenerational war a proxy for the
spendthrift ways of the youth it all
started late last year in Australia in
an opinion column in which baby boomer
Bernhard Saltz wrote incredulously about
seeing young people order smashed
avocado with crumbled feta on 5 grain
toasted bread at $22 a pop and more
harrowing stuff salt went on to point
out that $22 several times a week could
go toward a deposit on a house which is
entirely true in that money can be used
to buy things but once you spend it it
is gone one Australian economist
attempted to dispel Saltz argument for
statistics showing that 25 to 34 year
olds have actually been spending more of
their income on housing over the years
but it was too late the avocado straw
man had been created hopefully there are
now online calculators that can tell you
exactly how many decades of foregoing
salubrious avocado toast you'll need to
endure in order to get into the property
game but why would you even want to with
the rise of the sharing economy avocado
on toast is one of the few remaining
things that Millennials can actually
earn even if it's just for a few minutes
that's vice news tonight for Thursday
May 18 tune in tomorrow night for the
award-winning documentary series vice
it's not just that women got higher
sentences than they should have it is
that sometimes they got higher sentences
than Minden under the same circumstances
we are about to end the night in the
jail nothing's allowed in all jewelry
off hair bands everything that could
potentially be used as a weapon I have
more time than some people here for
murder
you
