well hi there Konya I wanted to let you
know that I find what you did to Sharri
Spencer to be vile and disgusting you
Frank
bitch up till you selfie piece of
trash you're threatening
this is swamp America now this beautiful
little ski town seems like an unlikely
target for an invasion of white
supremacist it's a great town the people
that come here are people that love
outdoor activities they are incredibly
hearty whitefish is a really healthy
pound of mind body and soul but this
town happens to be home to Richard
Spencer who became America's most famous
white nationalist afters who neatly
encapsulated fears about the Trump
administration in one simple gesture
hail Trump
hail our people hail victory when
Richard Spencer stood up in front of the
world and did a Nazi salute in
Washington DC it changed everything in
Whitefish activists noticed Spencer had
registered his nonprofit at his mom's
property in town Tonia Girish a realtor
had a conversation with Spencer's mom
sherry Spencer sherry Spencer called me
and sherry said Tanya what do I do
I don't believe in the ideologies of my
son and I said Terry is this for my son
I would sell the building and I would
donate some money to a human rights
cause and she said you're right Tanya
that's what I should do
will you help me later sherry said Tania
pressured her to sell against her will
she posted an email from Tania in which
she asked Jerry to make a public
statement against her son and donate
proceeds to a charity she'd worked with
that was catnip for Andrew England who
runs a neo-nazi site because Tanya is
Jewish you know no one has ever even
told me a Jewish joke in all my life do
you know I had no idea I was a minority
the final conclusion is that I came to
where they it's necessary to have an
extreme version of conservatism this is
the only way we're going to save Western
civilization and the human race the
white race in particular he posted
Tania's address and phone number
her husband's contact info and her son's
social media accounts and urged his fans
to troll him which they did England
threatened to hold a skinhead parade in
downtown whitefish though he couldn't
make it happen
now the Southern Poverty Law Center is
suing England on Tanya's behalf
supporters have already raised over
$100,000 for England's defense and have
called his actions lawful First
Amendment protected criticism Anglin and
Jerry Spencer declined to be interviewed
after repeated requests we were afraid
for our safety the Nazis made me feel
like this was all my fault and I was I
was the dirtiest of the dirtiest ugliest
disgusting human being you could ever
imagine you know what he was trying to
do was to make her life miserable he
liked her because she was Jewish you
know and so we have filed a lawsuit
against him in just over 24 hours after
they're called Tanya emailed Sheree a
listing agreement a proposed statement
for Sheree to make denouncing me
outright and news that she might have
already found a buyer Tanya did speak
out about this political issue right so
does that open her up to Andrew
England's political speech as well as it
might be nothing that anyone who's ever
claimed Tanya has done much less what
she's actually done could possibly
justify you know the vitriol that's been
launched against her I some people
understand that what he did to her is
mean but how is it illegal if I had 700
of my friends call you day and night and
you know say the vilest things if I
attacked your children I think from a
common sensical point of view we know
that that's way beyond you know any kind
of free speech line and that's what he's
done it's not the first time he's done
it but we want to make it the last time
he's done it
SPLC made its name suing hate groups out
of existence
winning multi-million dollar judgments
against KKK groups who terrorized locals
not only is this SPL sees first case of
digital harassment it is their first
case against the alt-right
it argues England violated Montana's
anti-discrimination Act and seeks
compensatory and punitive damages before
this happened did you know much about
trolls and online harassment you know
you hear about the bullying that goes on
in high school with the Facebook and not
all this kind of stuff I had never seen
a an attack on a community or on an
attack on set of businesses in a
community like that
Tanya counted 700 harassing messages
they sent her Holocaust me they called
her so much she had to turn off her
phone they filled up her voicemail they
called her husband's law office so much
it had to close for a while they harass
other stores in town they mailed threats
disguised as holiday cards I want to
talk to you about a medium sized for
zone ion it's in Montana kill yourself
pumpkin Jewish tight all right thank you
so did she can a lot like God
yeah are they would like try to trick
you into listening yes when they started
doing that I had to stop answering my
phone completely for the common area so
the crematorium ones hit hit me in a
really different way because they're not
talking just about me they're talking
about history my history yeah they're
reveling and like this global tragedy
right as if it's no big deal as if it's
as if they can throw it around it's one
thing to hate somebody it's another
thing to find out that people really
believe that the Holocaust was a good
thing yeah yeah that that still takes my
breath away I have to tell you the truth
you know in a prior generation Andrew
England would burned a cross on Tanya's
lawn in today's world has launched a
digital storm what we're trying to do is
bring tried-and-true principles into the
digital age this is very new internet
terrorism is very new if I didn't say
this is not OK and make it very very
strong stand against it and just pretend
like it didn't happen to me because I
was scared how many other people is
Andrew England going to do this to
you
