two branches of the American government
were consumed today by the story of one
former government official X National
Security Advisor Michael Flynn aides to
President Obama disclosed that the
outgoing president warned
president-elect Trump about hiring Flynn
in the afternoon former acting Attorney
General Sally Yates testified in front
of a Senate subcommittee about her own
warning a meeting with the White House
Council on January 26 to tell the Trump
team that Flynn had lied about his
contacts with Russian ambassador Sergei
kiss Liang every time this lie was
repeated and the misrepresentations were
getting more and more specific as they
were coming out every time that happened
it increased the compromise and not to
state the obvious you don't want your
national security adviser compromised
with the Russians eighteen days elapsed
between the Yates's warning to the White
House and the day Flynn was fired
that's 18 days of high-level meetings
and critical foreign policy decisions
that are likely to become the central
issue in the investigation into Flynn
two days after the 8th meeting Flynn sat
in on the first direct phone call Trump
made as president to Vladimir Putin they
discussed defeating Isis Iran's nuclear
program and re-establishing ties between
the two nations on day six Flynn
appeared in the briefing room to put
Iran on notice for a recent missile test
on the morning of day 8 Flynn called his
foreign counterparts including a Russian
official to advise them of imminent
sanctions against Iran on day 11
Flynn traveled to Florida with Trump for
a meeting with senior military leaders
on day 13
The Washington Post asked Flynn if his
December conversation with Ambassador
kis lyac mentioned sanctions on Moscow
he denied it twice day 14 was the
beginning of the end for Flynt he
changed his story saying through a
spokesman that he had no recollection of
the subject matter to The Washington
Post reported that day that he did
discuss sanctions
on day 18 February 13th President Trump
asked for Flynn's resignation letter
like the administration he served Flynn
took an unorthodox approach to national
security advisor when he walked into the
briefing room to put Iran on notice a
source tells vice news that the person
in charge of Iran policy at the National
Security Council learned about it
alongside everyone else by watching it
on TV suggesting that the deeply
compromised Flynn was intimately
involved with the president's
decision-making on national security
the farther that investigators get in
figuring out the secrets Flynn was
exposed to and the decisions he
participated in they'll begin to ask why
did the president allow it because
ultimately it isn't Flynn's judgment
that's at issue here
it's Trump's
