Japan has a bad reputation when it comes
to accepting foreigners and it's well
earned only 1.3 percent of the
population is foreign born and black
people are especially rare but now one
nigerian american is becoming ubiquitous
there because he's on Japanese TV every
single day you told that to the north hi
guy came called Oh came called it came I
can well is a pretty recognizable face
in Japan he's a member of a popular
comedy troupe and even appears in
commercials well yeah Hika song no it's
got a duality muffin ike originally came
to japan working for Goldman Sachs but
he quit to join up with the talent
agency and a celebrity exploded
practically overnight part of his
popularity is because of his ability to
switch back and forth between Japanese
and English whenever he needs
accord a human in a pod
simcha you may know not at the cottage
enact a ah
Toto Becky Tomoko sorry do not do
kimochi wa ma non-chaotic on just show
us how you so uh yeah buddy
so Tokyo DisneySea no original none on
mine ladies and gentlemen boys and girls
welcome to Tokyo
porygon met Chuck Schumer you got a oh
so lutugino he need rittany on Absalon
todo de d√≥lares no Dogon no lead free
toga need Yuma be Chewbacca sorry there
nanaka densha otoko Naruto
Oh Tokyo DisneySea no he top position
don't want to see no veto this mechanic
don't you show peon oh so here you're a
comedian but you do kind of everything
in Japan once you're like if you're a
comedian they just see you as an
entertainer so they expect that you can
do anything so I do narration jobs I do
voice jobs to do my main job comedy even
in music
got her sorry about that you guys pick
issues up yeah we pretty much in your
own hair though yeah I do my own hair is
kind of we don't know how to do black
what is like everyday for you though yes
every day a man Mondays right funky
clothing haha alright since last year I
expend one of the main host of a show
called a hostile that means that while a
lot of adults recognize him as a sketch
comic to the kids he's more like Steve
on Blue's Clues
because this isn't just any kids show no
this is like the Japanese version of
Sesame Street the most famous children's
TV show in Japan so look we just cuz
Iook sayma stuntman he doesn't have to
deal with prejudice Japan is one of the
most ethnically homogenous countries in
the world and it doesn't have the best
reputation for diversity what's it like
being a black dude living in Japan I'm
pretty sure you experience the whole
train thing where we sit down and like
there's open seats next view but people
don't sit down that's happened yeah yeah
I don't think Japanese people are racist
I think they just don't know okay
listen yes number I is a comedian so you
might think that being on a hostel is
just a distraction from his career goals
but I could the kids TV show is an
important place for him to be I think me
being on the children's show every day
is huge was that the children now we're
going to be growing up to be adults they
already have the image of different
people like you know little kids seeing
you on TV and it's oh this is just a
he's another guy yeah he's a normal guy
whereas you know 15 years you know Ford
I think it's just like Oh black guy but
we've seen a lot of white people but
like well black guy you know she's like
what pokemon or something I don't know
it's a rare Pokemon you know
